 Kudos to CJR for getting this important story out.  




 Idle Time Books, 18th near Columbia in Adams Morgan, has a large selection.  




 Family of Metro Smoke Incident Victim Raising Funds For Funeral Expenses http://dcist.com/2015/01/family_of_metro_smoke_incident_vict.php 




 unsuck dc metro has had a great second life on facebook and twitter: https://twitter.com/unsuckdcmetro  Big following and people use it as a kind of universal hashtag.  




 Screw all the keyboard tough guys who are trying to shame publications into publishing stuff they wouldn't have published anyway. 

It seems like a lot of reporters around the world have been killed or have put themselves in gravel peril trying to get the truth out. They and their publications don't have to prove a damn thing. 



 




 As others have already pointed out: Georgetown Running Co. and Fleet Feet in Adams Morgan. I've bought shoes at both. Staff were very helpful. 

I don't get knotted up about prices. Once I started buying good, well fitting shoes, and not the $60 specials, my experience with injuries declined. .  




 You have a great plan. Mandarin is impressive and it should open doors. 

A college newspaper can open doors. It's amazing how many alumni will filter into newsrooms. They will become your first professional network. 

A college paper is a great way to get a taste for working in a collaborative atmosphere. Some of the people I met through my college newspaper have been friends for life, so there is that, too. 
 




 Curious: Do you use a keyboard?  




 have your packages delivered to a third party service, like basecampdc.com 




 This sub has been good at bringing together the major headlines and studies, and I check it fairly regularly. 

Yeah, the conversation is a little lacking. But I suspect if the conversation does pick up, the deniers will be the most aggressive and will be challenging everyone with "show me the studies," crap, just to troll away, and then when that happens, discussion will die down to where it now is.  




 This blog http://homicidewatch.org/  is a good example. The person who founded it won a Neiman http://nieman.harvard.edu/news/2014/09/laura-amico-nf-13-joins-boston-globe/

the point being is this blogger turned out something useful, targeted and focus, but most importantly, it seemed to me, it had a very clear mission. 

Newspapers don't cover local stuff very much anymore. This fellow http://shortarticlesaboutlongmeetings.blogspot.com/ covers local Neighborhood Advisory Commission meetings (ANC) in DC. Don't know him or his plans, but he turns out solid news reports on these meetings, and his work has been gaining readers. 

Arlington Now was nothing but one guy. The blog is not very old, but he has replicated it in four other towns and his blog is loaded with advertising. http://www.arlnow.com/ 

He created his own foothold. 

There's a real hunger out there for people who actually have local news. 

This was a tiny blog five years ago. Now it's a business: http://www.popville.com/

In my view: blogs that get readers do work. they go out and find out stuff that their readers don't know about. Basically, they function likes news orgs. 





 




 They are probably handy with cameras, so some well-made, perhaps silver, photo frames might be useful.  









 You will be hired in a heartbeat. At a newspaper I once worked at, we hired someone with a law degree who came to a similar conclusion about his career path. He had scant news experience but could write clearly and cleanly (editors love that) His great strength was his analytical ability, attention to detail and fact, which gave his work a lot of precision and intelligence. We loved having him on the staff, and he eventually went off to a job with a big league newspaper. 

That aside, legal training will be a wonderful background for statehouse/congressional reporting. 

Contact a local newspaper, ask to speak to an editor, tell him/her what it is you want to accomplish and ask for some freelance assignments -- just to get three or four clips. Also, don't rule out the plethora of websites that cover speciality news, they may be a way to begin to get traction. With so many layoffs, it's a tough world but there are still jobs and writers who have a solid edge (a law degree qualifies) can find work. 



 




 Pizza 




 I knew a fellow who was from Ohio. He went to a local college and studied Mandarin. He moved to Taiwan and got a job at an English-language paper thanks to his language skills. That was his dream. 

A foreign correspondent may be one way, but if you can handle the languages your job options may really expand.  




 I've seen people bring portable laptop stands; which are actually very useful considering the odds it will standing room only at most things. Of course, it's just one more thing to carry.  




 NY Magazine Link "we were duped" link: http://nymag.com/news/articles/reasonstoloveny/2014/mohammed-islam-stock-trading/ 









 - wear comfortable shoes, and minimize what you must carry. It's physically taxing. 
- pack extra cell phone batteries
- monday press conference seating is limited; lines are long and form, in some cases, 1+ hour in advance
- ditto for conference sessions
- do as much work as you can in advance 
 









 I'm from Connecticut. Moved her in 1998. Love it. Weather is a vast improvement. Glad I gave up the car because they don't know how to plow streets down here.  




 For their appalling disregard of the truth and ethics in order to get pageviews .. 

i don't know if that's the case here. rolling stone has delivered some outstanding work over the years, It's piece,  for instance, a few years back on the Afghanistan general was solid, gutsy work.

RS should invite poytner or some independent journalism professor to do a post-mortem. It would be instructive, to know how this break-down in fact checking happened. 

The root cause of it has certainly not been revealed, so jumping to a conclusion that the motive was a page view grab doesn't make sense, especially considering RS's history in turning out quality work.   
 




 stay out of it. totally. tell the coach to bring up his concerns directly with the reporter. it's pretty weird that the coach felt the needed to go through a third party to reach you. i suspect a private conversation between the coach and reporter will put things back on track. if you become involved, you become involved, and your motives will be suspect.  









 I eat pizza once a week and live knowing that other regions of this great nation will never know what good pizza taste like.  




 Even if you take four majors, you'll still come up short. Climate change, for instance, wasn't really on radar in a big way when I graduated (80s), but now weaves into almost every subject area that you're likely to cover. The best thing to leave college with is a habit for lifelong learning.  




 Great story. It's well researched. It's probing. The reporter is doing her job and asking hard questions. If the story makes some people uncomfortable, that's just great.   




 
I covered a long federal trial about 15 years ago that got international attention. During breaks, reporters would sometimes check their quotes against one another. I noticed that many of the EU/UK reporters knew shorthand, but the U.S. reporters did not.  

There are many instances outside the court where shorthand will help, especially for on the spot interviews. Recorders can also wig-out the people you are interviewing. 

I couldn't find a place that taught it.  




 A guy from Seattle shares impressions of condition of Metro and its stations and he's obviously a troll. Right. That's why conditions at the Metro stations he describes aren't good; it's because people here are blind to them.  














 http://www.reddit.com/r/grammar/ 




 It's not fine. The Financial Times, an economic and business journal, carried the story on its front page, but with a global angle.  

The WSJ opinion pages are anti-climate change. The lack of coverage in the WSJ print edition may be a consequence of its strident editorial page policy. I think it's affecting and clouding news judgment. 

The protest could have been a jumping off point for a more introspective piece targeted to WSJ readers, such as: How much will climate matter in the mid-terms? 

  




 This Huffington Post piece is right on target. On the day of the march, NBC nightly news led its broadcast with the football domestic violence issue. The march -- which attracted over 300,000 people -- was given short coverage a little further down.  









 First we nuked, repeatedly, the Marshall Islands (Bikini Atoll), spread radiation far and wide, and now climate change will finish the islands off.  




 You are representing readers and, by virtue of your job, have a responsibility to ask questions. You can't let your readers down. 

Take this to heart, embrace it, and keep your readers in the forefront of your mind. 

And don't worry about asking dumb questions. In fact, get them to explain every little thing. Be firm about that. It takes a while to get up to speed on a new beat/job. 




 Here's the pricing:

If you order via AP, the 2014 physical book cost $20.95, plus $11.01 in shipping. 

Amazon: You can buy the *2013* physical edition for $10.99, and is eligible for Prime. 

Amazon sells the 2014 edition, but only through third parties. Cheapest was $27, plus 3.99 in shipping, or $30.99

(It seems as if AP has it so you get the best pricing on its site.) 

2014 style guide online via AP: $26 or $16 for members of the AP.  

The iOS mobile edition is $24.99 via iTunes. 

There is no Kindle edition. 

Question: Has anyone used the AP editions for Word, Outlook?


 




 I am a few months away from 60 and here is my 401K asset allocation:

Small/mid/specialty: 34%
Large cap growth: 27%
Global International: 22%
Bonds: 15%
Balanced: 1%
Large Cap Value: 1%

I've had this asset allocation for about 10 years. Didn't touch it during the crash.  

But I was planning to get conservative, and was thinking about moving about 50% into bonds, 30% into index and large cap; 10% international and 10% small cap. 

However, with interest rate rise seemingly expected, I'm reading now that bonds may be a bad move, so not sure what do to. But with 5 years left to a theoretical retirement, I want to protect myself. Should I stick with my balance/asset allocation plan or try something else? Thanks for any insights. 
 




 Carl Bernstein was a college drop out. 

H. L. Mencken didn't attend college. 

Hunter Thompson didn't graduate high school because he was in jail. 

My first editor didn't have a college degree. 

  














 It's ironic how communities are being given military-grade equipment to attack protestors, and no training, or sub-standard training, on how to enforce the law and behave themselves.  




 You're making too much out of what's being posted here. This subreddit doesn't focus on acedotes, and I think most of the people here are sophisticated enough to understand that one weather event is just that, one weather event. That doesn't mean it isn't part of a trend. 

But you're raising an argument that extreme weather events aren't rising in frequency, than have at it. When you find an interesting paper supporting this view, please post the link.  




