 welllll....besides the premise itself, they explain how awesome the security systems are.  Then the kids try to break in and Ethan hawke is like, "well ya know nothing's '100%' safe".  what???  Also it's not the son's first Purge right?  So why is he letting people in?  Why does the kid even have access to the security system to begin with?  Why would there ever be a scenario where for one night, do whatever you want,  because then for the rest of the year you'll be on your best behavior!  Then, it just turns into another lame american horror movie where all the bad guys HAVE to cock their head to the side while wearing a mask before they kill someone.  The girls HAVE to be in white dresses holding hands skipping around.  Pick an any American horror movie from the last ten years and I can almost guarantee it will have a young white girl in a white dress.  Then oh yeah the neighbors are psychotic killers too.  Shyamalan twist bitches.  It just, ugh was so bad.  Could have been a fun b-movie schlock fest but took itself to seriously.  the only reason I went in the first place was a second date with a girl.   That was our last date : )  And don't get me started on Sinister!  Why is there Academy Leader (the 3 2 1 countdown) at the beginning of the reels of footage?  Did the bad guy take the reels to get post production work? 




 The Purge was probably the stupidest movie I've seen in a loooong time.  Just dumb. 




 [Pepperoni for life!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqq-Sq9PW8o) 




 POISON! 




 Klown, In the Company of Men, Man Bites Dog, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Dark Horse 




 http://imgur.com/xi0yei3.   This will never not be my background.  Tetsuuuuuooooo! 




 The Crow or Demon Knight 




 Now you need a Harley Quinn coop pal // Jester's hat with a giant hammer  




 ketchup 




 "I need to turn into your lane. I see there's no one behind you, but I'd better pull out now right in front of you.  Because." 




 Had a girlfriend from Russia who wouldn't let me whistle in the house.  She knew it was crazy but still wouldn't allow it. 




 [Trailer Park Boys did it first](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLMbu8y8xAE) 




 Praise the sun! 




 Ha yea there's a ladder behind him.    




 Ha yup i was thinking, gravelord covenant is easy to get to this time!  Then I kept screaming like a girl when I got hit.  Also no gravelording....that coffin is a liar 




 Just found the chest above Maughlin...on my fourth character...
 
Edit: the heide's ruin bonfire... 




 I do post audio for movies/tv and let me tell you, it's not just comedies but ALL movies.  After the 'economy' in 2009, this has become the new standard.  It's either Avengers, or independent stuff that will show up on Netflix and people will pass over because they haven't seen or heard anything about it.   It sucks.  The company I work for are constantly getting underbid by people working out of their garages and then the clients eventually come to us to fix the problems.  The middle class really is gone.  We have a team of five full time staff and we have to do four movies at once to stay open.  But to be honest this whole business is screwy....I wish I had more answers, but it seems people are just cutting costs everywhere.   




 [Dr. Manhattan](http://imgur.com/LoD9Gf6.jpg) 




 I startd the game almost exactly like this, except I actually got pretty far with my magic and no shield.  Hell go watch a no shield fists only run to give you some confidence!  

Dont worry the game is a little confusing as far as 'where to go next'.  But that's dark souls for ya!  I say NG is like a practice run through and the real game starts NG+.  Keep a notebook and write stuff down like, 'black door in forest area wont open'.  By the time you get the necessary items you will probs forget where to go to use them!


The lady in Majula will level you up by the bonfire. Defs get some strength to hold a shiled and get a longsword and level it up.  Start putting points in att and int.  Do a rounded charactwr with faith and int.  You will find a staff that will cast sorcereries, hexes AND miracles it's awesome.  Also for a first run, join the way of blue cove so if you get invaded, a blue sentinel can be summoned automatically to help you kill the invader.  You can be invaded while hollow now.....

Oh and talk to everyone!!  And....pull the lever 




