 I find their teas a small step above Twinings but much more expensive. 




 Maybe she identified as the mother of a handicapped child. She was just living to what she felt her true identity was.  
Hi Ho 




 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time - M. Haddon  
Flowers for Algernon - D. Keyes.  
Call of the Wild - J. London  
Hobbit and Lord of the Rings  




 As others have said, it depends on what you like. I've read most of Forsyth's books and Icon is a good read. It's sort of a political thriller. I find he writes about as well as Ludlum.  
I read most of Ludlum's books until he died in 2001. Now other writers are using his name. Both of those are decent WWII thrillers.  
Battle Cry is the only Leon Uris book I could get in to. I found it a decent story about a group going from boot camp to war. He develops good characters.  
I never liked Wouk or Follett. Their writing just doesn't flow well to me. They're kind of like reading bad translations of good books.  
The book in the upper right hand corner has no plot or character development. The only decent thing about it is the detail creating the setting. ;-) 




 The Saudi gov is broken into 2 distinct groups. Those that deal with international policies and those that deal with domestic policies. The religious group creates the domestic laws. And yes, the Wahabbi's like the status quo. There are also other sects and they do not like how they are treated. The Saudi's rule with an iron glove. And they are extremely intolerant of other groups/sects. 




 Saudi Arabia has a little under 29 million people and 100 executions this year so far. Iran has almost 80 million people and executed 329 so far this year. The numbers are fairly consistent across all countries that follow Sharia law. 




 Good thing they're our friends or this would be a problem. Can you imagine how fast we would overthrow Maduro if Venezuela was doing this? 




 teleportation 




 Well, in Melbourne, Australia 2 pieces of toast and a container of jam was 8AUD at the restaurants off the Yara River downtown.  And it was not artisanal bread nor topped with fancy ingredients.  
I love bread and carbs too much already, not to mention butter. 




 They're just too tannic for me. I find Yunnan teas very mild with a lot of complex flavors, almost like a good Oolong or single estate Darjeeling. At first I thought I liked all Chinese black teas. It wasn't until I started ordering online and wasted money on tea from other regions that I was able to target Yunnan specifically. 




 My guess is that you use a ground tea and you are seeing the smaller tea pieces which were able to get through your strainer. I have to use a screen strainer of I have a breakfast tea, Twinings Darjeeling, Prince of Wales or Orange Pekoe. My normal stainless strainer's holes are too big for a ground tea. You can also try rinsing your tea before you put it in your cup. It may wash some of the particles away. 




 All single estate Darjeelings I have found are green in color. They also have significantly different characteristics in flavor and brew method. Twining Darjeeling will make very dark and strong tea if it is over brewed, if I pour water directly over the leaves or if the water is at boiling temp. If I do the same thing with a Single Estate Darjeeling, I still get a decent cup of tea.  
I have tried both Lingia and Steinhal single estate Darjeelings and usually have the Lingia in my tea collection. They are both very good.  
I cannot get a 2nd steeping from good Darjeeling unless I add way too much leaf. But I use a 20 oz mug so I pretty much get all the life out of the tea using that much water.  
I'd try different techniques with different brands. If you like a real strong tea, single estate Darjeelings may not be what you like. You may like Assam's and Ceylon tea's more. Or even more dark and strong would be a breakfast tea. Irish breakfast by Twinings is very good but extremely strong. It is even tougher on my stomach than coffee. 




 fortnight?  Is that what I built as a kid with pillows and blankets?  ;-p  
I prefer to order when I am low. Personally I would not sign up for a regular delivery. 




 http://www.teagschwendner.com/US/en/Tea_Growing_Regions.TG  
I think you may find this link useful.  
It's just the basics though. I imagine you could find as much information about variance within the Darjeeling region itself. Or as the link from toe_nail shows, there is a lot of variance within China. I really only like Yunnan black teas. The other regions do not have the amazing subtle flavor of Yunnan black tea. 




 I steep every tea in its own way. Some need more tea, some more time, some more temp. It just depends on the tea.  I find Yunnan black teas very forgiving, which is one of the reasons I like them so much. If I over steep or use too much tea, it still comes out fine. If I do the same thing to a green or oolong, I have to throw it out and start over. Single estate Darjeelings are very forgiving also imo. 




 I really enjoy that book and find the 101 stories thought provoking and worth reading.  I used to get the Zen day calendar and not all the quotes were from Zen masters either. But they all have Zen relevance, like the Zen Flesh, Zen Bones does.  I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in Zen or Taoism. 




 But most Turkish toilets have a bowl of water next to the hole, not a nice bidet. That's why the left hand is considered dirty in areas that use them. The left is for wiping, the right is for eating. Offering something with your shit hand is an insult. 




 The idea of having to use Turkish toilets is extremely unsettling to me. I guess you are experiencing the opposite having to deal with flush toilets. 




 I train industrial software applications. One of the people on our team had a Biology degree. She had no training experience, no plant floor experience and had no experience in the industry.  
However, she was a great trainer. 




 It's why I don't drink puerh tea. I just can't get past the earthy flavor.  A tea shop in Taiwan tried to change my mind and I tried several of their puerh's, but I really did not like any of them. I stuck with my oolong and black teas. 




 http://taiwanleaftea.com/oolong-tea/  
I've been tempted several times to try their teas. They look excellent.  




 Bone in ribeyes are awesome. The extended bone on the tomahawk makes for nice show. It's like getting a prime rib roast and cutting it into steaks. 




 I disagree. I like my poultry cooked well past when it is done. With enough juice to draw on, the meat keeps getting more tender until it falls off the bone. When meat is falling off the bone in Poultry, it is way past well done, but sooo tender.  
And I guess I look at slow roasting like making meat in a sous vide. I've never used one, but I've heard and read amazing things about them. That's like the ultimate in slow cooking. 




 I'm not sure how some define the difference between religion and philosophies. Even after majoring in Philosophy for 3 years and graduating from a Jesuit University, I struggle with it. I guess to me, religion is a subset of philosophy.  
Religions bring God into the equation.  
Philosophies can explain the spiritual without bringing a God into the equation, like Taoism. And Buddha is not a God and never claimed to be one. He really wasn't even like Jesus. Life is about working your way though the wheel by following the path to Nirvana. There is no God figure associated with or in Nirvana. China used Confucius to achieve the same thing a religious figurehead does. It provided a structure to follow in life and the reasons for that structure. That structure was created to provide the rules a society needs to maintain stability and to maintain the existing social structures in place.  
It's sort of like asking if there was ever a civilization that did not have a government. 




 I don't know if they charge more, but they are labeled as each type. Our last butcher closed so now we go to a specialty market that has good meats and butcher to make specialty cuts. My favorite is the pin in porterhouse, which is the opposite end of the T-bone side. There are only a couple of those on each side though and there is barely a bone in the center so you get more meat for the price. 




 He's just doing what you would do to standing rib roasts which is also a tender piece of meat on its own, but even better when cooked low and slow. The flavor of slow cooked meats are incredible imo. I also love a steak cooked at 900-1000 degrees and do that a lot too. An individual prime rib steak is nice and very tasty. Take that same steak and leave it joined to the rest of the steaks and cook it, will make it taste even better imo. 




 Wrong. A prime rib is incredibly tender too but any good restaurant is cooking it low and slow. Low and slow is about rendering fat and connective tissue, not just to make a tough piece of meat tender. 




 I use a grill called a Green Egg, which is sort of like a ceramic kettle grill. It can cook at very high temps or maintain very low temps for extended periods of time. I cook 10-12lb briskets and pork shoulders regularly. I have a ceramic divider to provide indirect heating and I put a pan under the grill and over the divider with beer in it to add moisture to the heat and a bit of flavor. Cook until it's about 195 degrees or until the thermometer goes in the meat like it's butter. Sometimes that is 190 and sometimes it is 200, it just depends on the meat.
You can do the same thing in your oven. Place meat on a rack in a pan with a cover and cook at 220 for hours and hours. You can make a chuck steak taste great using this method.  Cheap meat isn't cheap because it is bad. It just takes longer to make a tough piece of meat worth eating. Slow cooking an English roast is heaven for your mouth and relatively cheap. 




 Locally, the difference between a T-bone and a porterhouse is having the filet side. T-bones have maybe 1 or 2 oz filets. Porterhouses have 4-6 oz filets. That looks like an awesome Porterhouse roast. I've never tried or seen one of those. The closest I have seen is a 6-10 lb strip steak and of course standing rib roasts. 




 Or even just some Jerry 




 I typically work 6am to 2pm. From 2 until 4 the PF is pretty open. I have to wait for a couple machines but I just hit something else while I wait. I'm bummed they're down to 3 bikes which is what I do to start and end. I end up having to do stretches and stuff for 15 minutes while I wait for them.  
And the only thing I do with free weights is an old exercise from when I was more gung ho about working out.  I use a curl bar but I extend the weight away from me instead of curling up and down. It's like a slow motion double punch with 30-60lbs. 




 Graduated from an Arts degree.??  
I train software for a large corporation. I was the only one on my team with a Computer Science degree. We had biology majors, music majors, math majors, project management majors and one person with a degree in education. I am also the only one with experience in the manufacturing plants where we train. The others had people skills, a good handle on public speaking and the ability to learn. Figure out what your skills are and where those are needed. Help desks are a good stepping stone to a better job, as long as you work in a field you have knowledge and skills in. 




 There was an article about Haas using Ferrari's wind tunnel too. Other teams were complaining that Haas's wind tunnel time is giving Ferrari additional time in the wind tunnel testing their designs. It seems to infer that Haas's baseline may be fairly close to the existing Ferrari design since Ferrari is able to use their data to improve their car. If they are starting from the existing Ferrari chassis, they may come out of the gate fairly strong. Honda is using this as a learning year and they did not expect to be competitive until mid season at the earliest. We won't know until we get into next year if Honda failed miserably this year. 




 It reminds me of the groups hanging around in the parking lot of the liquor stores in Detroit 




 I've been a member for a couple years and there is no place in our area that can touch their price. Everyone else is 3 to 4x as much with less equipment. But I have headphones on while I am there so I do not hear anything that is going on around me. IMO PF is mostly for people using weight machines and cardio stuff likes bikes, stairs, etc. People that like to lift free weights may not appreciate what they offer or feel as welcome there as they would in other places. 




 I agree. I grew up on Lipton and Red Rose tea and compared to coffee, it was like nectar.  
But I agree with your idea that people have different palates and look for different things.  
I guess sort of like spicy food. My wife doesn't like any hot spices in her food. Hot spices do light me up a bit, but I love the flavor you get from a good red curry and the spice is part of that flavor. People that can't get past the spice, will never appreciate the food. She can't get past the spice to appreciate the flavor. 




 Cooking over flame I'd agree because of the flame up, but in a pan that is flavoring to add during cooking.  
I have a Green Egg and cook my steaks at about 900 degrees and they really don't have flame problems so the extra fat doesn't bother me. It's about 3 min on one side and 2 min on the other side and rest for 5 minutes for a perfect medium rare steak. If it's a porter house, the area around the bone can still be a bit rare, but that's ok too. 




 That is perfect marbling imo. If your preferred steak is filets, this may not be appealing. But if your favorite steak is a rib eye, this is steak heaven. 




 I drink mostly black tea, but trying the spectrum of oolong tea is an incredible journey to start on 




 Some Yunnan gold tips are incredible. The scent is almost as good as the taste. It can have a natural honey flavor with amazing floral scents and flavors. It's so aromatic, it's tough to differentiate between smell and taste. TWG's Yunnan Gold Needle is a nice example of what I am describing. T2Tea's Grand Yunnan was similar but their most recent order was not as aromatic or floral. 




 The U looked like an Li to me and I was struggling to not respond with a sarcastic answer.  
I can get good green tea and Darjeeling's from local tea stores. I just need to go online for Chinese and Taiwanese teas. I haven't found a great site for oolong's yet, but I use Yunnan Sourcing for my Chinese teas now. Their tea can be so fresh that you need to give it time to mellow.  
edit: I've never ordered from or tried Upton teas 




 A zen perspective:  
You see this goblet?  
For me this glass is already broken. I enjoy it; I drink out of it. It holds my water admirably, sometimes even reflecting the sun in beautiful patterns. If I should tap it, it has a lovely ring to it.  
But when I put this glass on the shelf and the wind knocks it over or my elbow brushes it off the table and it falls to the ground and shatters, I say, Of course.  
When I understand that the glass is already broken, every moment with it is precious.  
Achaan Chaah
 




 We've had strays in our neighborhood for years. When the temps got below 0 this winter we brought the 2 females into the house. One bolted through an open door when it got warm, but the other one wants nothing to do with leaving. She's definitely not a pet yet, but she's litter trained and doesn't scratch up the furniture. She gets a little more friendly week to week. 




 Does being at 30k' altitude affect this number much? 




 LOS looks challenging in Montreal. In Detroit, I liked how you could move around the track and get different lines of sight.  
I actually thought the corner you're on, looked like one of the better sections. Being on the edge you lose the short straight, but you still have 2 nice corners and part of a straight. I'd exchange my comfy seat in front of the 55" tv for your seat. 




 Gaiwans do not use strainers or anything to restrict the opening of the leaves. With a strainer you would pull it out when the tea was ready. In a Gaiwan, you pour the tea off the leaves when it is ready. The leaves stay in the gaiwan for the next steeping.  
Asia is big on traditions and rituals. The rituals around tea can be very complex.  
Western style is about getting tea in a mug to drink. Asian style makes it a ceremony to share and enjoy, and is also a ritual going back centuries that brings out all the characteristics of the tea, as lordufreeman says as well. 




 I make a 20oz mug so there is not usually too much life left for a 2nd steep. I pour my water and then put my strainer into the hot water. If I make a 2nd cup, i pour the hot water right over the leaves and I can usually get a decent cup if I do that. But there is absolutely nothing left for a 3rd when I make it western style, which is 80+% of the time. In my gaiwan I may get as many as 10 steeps for an aged oolong. 




 I can vouch for their single estate Darjeelings. I wouldn't call them inexpensive though. As Prutzle says, almost anyplace will ship to Germany. I use Yunnan Sourcing for a lot of my teas and they have both a US and international site. Some of their teas are inexpensive and quite tasty. 




 Yep, the more you see through the facade, the more you dislike the actions and behavior of both. 




 They have to do something between their reality shows. It's like Jenner. I have zero interest in reading about him/her. The media loves a show though and both Jenner and Palin make great show. Palin is treated with kid gloves by the corporate media so it allows her schtick to continue.  
Something to remember though. People like Britney Spears end up selling millions of cd's and become top acts around the world when their talent is marginal. Palin is just the equivalent to some toy boy band with a top selling song. Her musically ignorant fans adore her for her incredible musical talent. 




 I could make upwards of 2 bucks a day. Or about what I made on my paper route. 




 When Bubble Yumm first came out, people would pay a quarter for a single piece. Free snack money. 




 It's a 10 




 A buddy turned me on to Tom Waits a few years back and he's now one of my favorite artists. His Beautiful Maladies album is pretty good. Nighthawks at the Diner may be his best known disc/album. He has a rough voice, but his lyrics and showmanship is outstanding. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/GGPVR  
That is my luggage coming back from Taiwan. I always travel with tea and buy a lot when I am in tea producing countries. I've never had them take my tea. They took my honey in New Zealand, but there was no worry about my tea. 




 It's not OK.  
Can you share some examples of people hating you for being a straight white guy? The number of people hating on you for being a straight white guy is far less than the people hating on someone for being gay. I can't remember the last time I read about some straight white guy getting beat up or killed for being a straight white guy. And I am not sure if I have ever read about anyone not getting a house or a job for being a straight white guy. The percentage of people discriminating against straight white guys is very, very low. 




 Room temp is about 70, body temp is about 98. For the most part, the more dense something is, the more temp absorption you will get. Our local science museum had a similar experiment. They had carpet, wood, stone and metal plates. All were the same temp, but when you placed your hand on them, the denser items would feel colder because it was drawing more heat from your body. 




