 Guns of icarus preffered,ill still check the offers
 




 time travel is possible but only in our dreams.lol 




 Well there's some old art of PA carrying omni around,and I guess blink+heal works pretty damn good as a lane combo,ill try and get the pictures tommorow morning 




 Cheers and good luck
 




 You should go to /r/buildapc think its the best one for this question 














 Some colour on it and it will look amazing!Howd she make it? 




 I remember a story from school that when it came to the space race,the American science team wasted valuable time developing a pen that could be used in outer space,while the Russians skipped that and just used an ordinary pencil and got the edge from that.While it doesn't sound 100% true,still an interesting story to hear 









 Oh i see,sorry for that one,my mistake 




 I believe shocktober is currently up,with horror/zombie games 




 Aye,ill prolly join in by tommorow 




 Looking mainly for a combination of Killing Floor+Garrys Mod+ Sweets if possible,if not some combination of either two games with something else

Cheers
 




 Even though Rockstar announced that online issues have been resolved,I still cant get into online.I managed to get twice in for maybe 10 minutes,but after that its either time put freeze screen or random kick 




 Ill take this offer 









 Would you take 1 dota key for it?
 




 Thats croatia 




 ako covek daje sajkacu za snajpera ima par karata od mene!
 




 A spent a game talking to a guy on our team who kept trying to convince me to buy propane tanks.I dont want no goddamn propane tanks. 




 The episode in Digimon where one of them evolves all the way into its final Angelic form to fight an enemy.The details that stuck to me were the dark castle in the background and the digimon reverting back to its first stage.Thinking now,its been more than 10 years since i watched that episode and i still remember it 




 As a friend of mine once said,it has always been popular to hate the government. No matter how good it is,having a rebellious attitude makes people think they are more interesting. 




 Story time:


During a party at a friends place,one of the friends got really,really drunk.Like he didn't know where the hell he was most of the time.At one point,i see him wondering outside and tell him lets go inside and have you sit down.

But I have to find my brother!

At this point his brother was standing next to him and looking at me trying to figure out what was going on.So I tell him:


Your brother's right here,lets go inside,he'll go there with us.

Instead of responding to that,he gives me a long stare and gives me a slap across my face.Now if he wasn't a good friend of mine and half my size,this would have ended a lot different.So i pick him up,take him inside and lay him on the couch and tell him to stay there while i go get something for him so he sobers up.


Now,as I'm walking my female best friend walks up to me and asks me why i look angry.To which i respond by explaining what happened.Now the funny part.


She starts screaming at me.Direct quotes:


You cant be fucking angry at someone thats drunk!


But im not angry at him!


Yes you fucking are i see it in your eyes!


Im slowly starting to get confused here,as I would never hurt the guy even when he was sober.
Dude Im just going to go get him something to sober up


No!Youre staying right here because you will hurt him if you go there!

At this point people are gathering around and laughing due to her screaming at me and me looking confused as fuck.Later on,instead of apologizing the only thing she said was We both made mistakes then.

Thats pretty much what caused me to stop hanging out with her for some time,but alas shes still the best friend i ever had. 




 Watch a lot of TV and read books. Thats pretty much how i learned English as a kid,and trust me,it ends up paying off much more than you'd expect it to. 




 Yeah,even though i think i watched that episode more than 10 years ago,I remember patamon evolving into a big Angelic digimon to defeat the evil one(it was some sort of a dark castle theme if memory sever right)and ended up deevolving(correct me if im calling it wrong) back to the first stage.No idea how that stuck so long in my head 




 Quick search says http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001B4EEW4 which is pretty cheap if you ask me.


 




 Oh bro the batteries dont go there,they go in th case which you are lacking,give me a moment to take a picture of my controler


EDIT:Here you go http://imgur.com/CWtHaia


You should contact the person that sold you the controller,you either got screwed over or it was noted in the post 




 Hi!Could you send in pictures?Im slightly confused about the case bit in particular 




 I played a lot of From Dust as i happened to get it pretty cheap (5 pounds for a 3pack).Its a pretty fun game,albeit its a bit short.Its definitely worth checking out if you enjoy god games(Black and White in particular comes to mind).I havent played the other two so i cant really say anything about them 




 She just has small eyes,heres a close up of her face http://thesecurewalls.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/malena-morgan-awesome.jpg 




 Do you only draw your own ideas or do you do drawings per request too? 




 Visit Bangkok.As in both meanings of settling down(Staying home/Getting Married) taking a trip to Thailand is definitely a must if you can afford it. 




 are you sure?Look at the tattoos http://i.imgur.com/BXS7ae3.jpg (Malena Morgan) 




