 You douching?  




 Or comments.   




 6 or 7 




 I used to run distance in some hot areas, like Guam and Singapore. During long runs (typically anything over 45 min) I'd have to consume salt packets to keep my muscles from seizing up.  They have 'sport gels' for this now, but salt is basically what you need. 




 I concur.  




 looks pretty ~~cozy~~ douchy.

FIFY 




 It's 2015 - gay jokes just aren't cool.

[edit] Unless you're referring to Hawaiian's. Is that the case?  




 I don't get it. Is that a gay joke? 




 Just a bit. It's just such a douchy look. I see all these hipsters rocking their wool caps over here in Brooklyn and it's like mid 80's and humid. Uuugh. And they SMELL. 




 "for pages"

Hope it's not an English test. 




 Someone else in the photo is wearing shorts and a sleeveless shirt. Short sleeves. Sleeveless. I bet the girl sitting down is wearing shorts. 




 No, I'm not. 




 www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyl5H5a09f0 




 Seriously, it's not like that's even a good beer, it's made by Inbev and it's very basic. 




 Yea, I've tried wool caps. They and their effects on your hair aren't a big secret. People who wear them during the hot summer are tool bags; evident in the image of a man needing help from a group of lesbians to muster some hope of success on Tinder. 




 Oh it's summer? Why don't you wear your wool cap and a hoodie.

I hope this guy never gets laid, ever. 




 Nah, ginger is naturally soothing to the stomach.  It's actually used as a natural treatment for acid reflux.  




 A bit longer than 15 minutes but "The Situation."  He's going on about building his brand up when now it's a brand that no one can sell. Clubs in NYC won't even put him on the guest list b/c it's so synonymous with douchbaggery. And the clincher is that the IRS is into him hard now. If he'll avoid jail time he'll have to pay out until he's in the poor house. Good for him. 




 I've know NattyFat too! She's such a health expert. And since everything the eats is healthy, the more she eats, the healthier she becomes! Duh, it's SO LOGICAL.

I dropped this story into rant wednesday on rFitness; but she lurks in my works kitchen too.  When I make peanut PB J she'll let me know that almond butter is much healthier and ask why I'm loading up on the protein. 




 If that were my Goat server, he wouldn't be getting a good tip. 




 This totally makes sense. It's just a very very specific bit of wisdom.  




 I don't mind girls in tattoos but a bad tattoo's really bother me. 




 Horny, then lonely. Than bored enough to finally look for love. The internet *is* beautiful.  




  All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth ~ () 




 I think it was more for the knots. 




 You can use less salt. 




 Rabble rabble rabble. 









 Yeah but she owns it. 














 "Nobody not lying about anything"

Does this mean he's lying about anything?  




 Is it food? Do you have free will? Don't come to me with your silly questions. 




 OMG you're right! I've had that at a bunch spot. Admittedly I was skeptical but damn was it good. 




