




 Someone watches Dexter 









 Edit: For anyone the least bit interested in the rant below, I came across some answers today after a conversation with a teacher of mine. 
When talking about anarchy (left-winged) we do assume it is utilitarian (I apologize for my ignorance in my rant; from my perspective I thought happiness was more individualist, but that's for right-winged anarchy)
Furthermore, we also assume that under anarchy, communes will form in order to respectfully address everyone's beliefs and thus do away with private property in these communes. (I find this very similar to the Kibbutz) however private property still exists in right-winged anarchy (yet is in virtually impossible to have a lot of private property) 
Therefore, happiness will be achieved as so desired within a commune. Private property doesn't exist and neither does government which would, in theory, eradicate desire and greed because it is the government and private property that brews inhuman attributes in a human-being. 
With this said, I'm hoping an anarchist will help verify this! 
Additionally, will an anarchist please explain how these communes will interact? If they do interact or how an individual eventually finds him/herself with a new belief or quest for happiness and thus wants to go to another commune, how can he/she do so?
How does innovation occur? 
Thanks!

I've been obsessing over left-wing ideologies for quite some time the past few months and have been toying with many questions to ask Reddit. I wouldn't call myself an anarchist, socialist, libertarian , or a communist, but I believe in equality, freedom, and happiness, and I don't believe in a corrupt capitalist system where private wealth is brewed by exploiting impoverished and unprivileged populations. So, I'm here at "debate an anarchist" where I'm hoping someone may help me out.
I should begin by saying I'm not well educated in all of the literature that exists on left-winged ideologies. I watch debates, read excerpts, essays, articles, blogs, and listen to quite a bit of folk punk, so hopefully I won't get brutally attacked for any of my ignorance.  
With my understanding, anarchism is the polar end of the spectrum for left beliefs (although others wouldn't place anarchism on a political compass at all). I understand that anarchism fosters atheism and is essentially nihilistic. Government doesn't exist and individuals will have (in theory) maximum freedom to partake in activities that would promote happiness (outside of basic necessities) due to an absence of a hierarchy. 
I have a perspective that happiness should be achieved by everyone; however, not in a utilitarian way, but a more individualistic approach, which I think can be achieved through anarchy (I'm pretty sure this is the whole foundation of anarchy).
So here, anarchy would work in theory if every individual took responsibility for his/hers actions. 
So I'm confused on a few things.
--Please prepare yourself for a wave of ignorance.--
How can we be sure that another mans freedom won't infringe upon another mans freedoms? And how do you approach this question through a nihilistic lens
Education? Please explain how to ensure equality (if education still existed in schools) ex. Tolstoy experimental school or Goodman's belief on an external schooling 
I like to say I'm an agnostic atheist (I don't believe that God created the us, but that we created God and that it would be selfish for me to deny the existence of something more intelligent than me thus I believe another life-form could be more intelligent and therefore God) however, I do believe that man invented God out of necessity and for some people religion is necessary. I've read a bit about this and there are certainly some individuals who are religious and anarchist, but wouldn't religion in anarchy go against the whole theory? And once we introduce new beliefs aren't we going against theory and potentially bringing in new dilemmas that could infringe upon another persons freedom?

I imagine I do believe anarchy is the solution to happiness in a society ( I especially like spiritual anarchism) but it's a topic you will become quickly ostracized for mentioning. So I've mentioned some pretty basic questions here.


 




 favorite track: Goatwhore 









 The last page really got me. Then I reread them all, and then they all really got me.  




