 Sassy 




 I've never heard it called that before.  TIL. 




 Ping pong. 




 /r/Survivalist  




 Make the two party system a three party system. 




 Field sobriety test.  I was very lucky that night. 




 [Dieffenbachia](http://dpic.org/faq/dieffenbachia), [Croton](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1d/Croton_David.Monniaux_2005.jpg), [Philodendron](http://cf.ydcdn.net/1.0.1.13/images/main/philodendron.jpg) or a [Spider Plant](http://www.bhg.com/gardening/houseplants/no-fuss/easiest-houseplants-you-can-grow/#page=13). 




 At a bar, he asked me to dance. 




 /r/PoliticalDiscussion  




 So, what's the problem; the possessed house or the spirit vanquishing pet? 




 Then I would not approve.  I don't know the laws, if any, that exist for this scenario, but I would assume patient privacy laws of some sort would be be on my side. 




 You see how monolithic, slow, burdensome and unresponsive our federal government is. How in the hell could you possibly think that letting some jokers run the whole world would be anything but an abysmal failure?  As much as I like the idea of a completely free world where everyone has constitutional rights, I dont trust the government to keep their promise. Its great in concept but in reality, I think if it were attempted to be applied, we would get a much different point of view that turns out to not be such a good thing. I dont think the guys that wrote our Constitution had that much faith in government either, which is why a lot of the things in the Constitution were written specifically to limit the role and the amount of power that the govt had.

1.) It would inevitably become perverted, corrupt, and totalitarian, no matter how it started out.

2.) It's much better to have a variety of government policies for the diverse cultures of the world than one single set that everyone shares.

3.) If a one world government was in place, it's not for the benefit of humanity. The elite, those above the government, these people you never see...presidents and other politicians are controlled by them. They only have their own benefit in mind. All they want from us are the power of our thoughts, our money and fruits of our labors, controlled and manipulated through media, entertainment, military and education. 




 Depends, did I look good? 




 Only the hired militants and sociopaths will turn their guns on fellow citizens.  I don't for one second believe the majority of police officers or military personnel would turn on our country or our neighbors. 




 Until something personally affects the daily life of the average citizen, they don't pay it much mind.  They don't get all worked up over things they read on the internet or the game-of-the-week played out by govt. politicians.  People can see the patterns, see the direction we're headed in.  But until it touches them, it's just not relatable. 




 Perhaps you generalize 'Us Americans' too broadly. 




 A declaration of martial law would change things drastically.  There are far more people opposed to the very concept of this than you can imagine.  Some authorities would be very surprised at the response they would get.  This country is heavily armed, by good guys as well as bad guys.  If I was in government I wouldn't want to give them all a reason to unite against me.  100 million people united in a cause could make serious changes to their status quo. 




 Apollo 13 




 Holly.  There aren't as many of those. 




 I wish there was an age requirement to post.  It wouldn't work since there's no way to verify age, but I wish there was. 




 People don't usually protest for things that don't affect them personally.  If it isn't an issue in their country, why protest? 




 I like to watch sports.  I don't care about the rest. 




 Forget his psyche, teach that kid some manners.  But first, teach them to his asshole parents. 




 Because they don't stop and think about the effects of "just following orders".  The [Milgram Experiment](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milgram_experiment) demonstrates this. 




 r/Politics 




 Painting Warhammer collectibles.  My coworker introduced me to it, 




 Is that what you'd want to happen in your country?  I sure don't. 




 I used to think it was ok for me to smoke a joint and drive.  I found out differently. 




 400mg. per day, at least.  I don't seem to have any adverse medical affects and it doesn't keep me awake. 




 blank white space 




 Jack Russell Terrier: perpetual motion machine. 




 Reddit helped me realize that I was not weird at all; you people are. 




 Live in the moment, this is the only life you'll get. Appreciate that.  Don't worry about aging or doing it the right way, just do it your way.  Grace comes through long-earned contentment and being happy with yourself. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka-6_Y961mk 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka-6_Y961mk 




 I don't buy anything, I invest it. 




 I would go to Japan and destroy every whaling vessel in the country.

 




 Fruits.  I'm snacking on cherry tomatoes as I type. 




 When you're on live tv. 




 I watched a video once where they took a bunch of plants and divided them into two groups.  They separated the two and hooked the second group up to electrodes that measured their electric impulses.  In an area separated by a wall, they chopped up a plant from the first group.  As they whacked away, the electrodes recorded highly increased activity in the plants that were separated, as if they were screaming whenever the plant was cut.  Weird stuff.  Also, the movement of plant roots as they grow seem to be purposeful movement and always head towards the nutrients, crowding out non-relative plants to the point of their deaths.  Some plants send out distress signals to predator insects while being eaten by certain insects, so that predator insects will come and destroy the insect that's eating the host plant.  Daughter vines can "smell" the type of plant they want to attach to, so my question is, how do they do all this without a brain?  It's purposeful behaviour. 




 One that sticks out in my mind is "Flawless" with Robert De Niro and Philip Seymour Hoffman.  PSH was exquisite in his role as a transwoman.  That's when I really took notice of him and became a fan. 




 That plants have some degree of sentience. 




 You can read the scathing 33-page decision from the presiding judge in Woody Allens 1992 custody suit against Mia Farrow [here](http://www.vanityfair.com/dam/2014/02/woody-allen-1992-custody-suit.pdf).

After reading this I wouldn't allow my daughter around him.
 




 Check out this video: [9-11 WTC Biggest Gold Heist in History: $300 Billion in Bars ](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkPRskciqVM).  There's lots of info around on this. 




 Check out this video: [Origin of AIDS: The Polio Vaccine (CBC 'Witness', 2004)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZs1V8mpcoY) 




 Others have called them demonic entities, but they're talking about the same beings. 




 The underground tunnels and facilities are where the mysteries lie.  I've  read somewhere that the gold stolen from the WTC towers was supposedly used to fund the continuous expansions underground. Its' their SHTF plan.  




 There are little children dying of starvation before they reach five years of age.  They've never had happy times. They've seen more sorrow, hate and misery in their short, little lives than I have ever known.  When I compare that to the problem I have, I count my blessings. 




 Jersey pajama shorts and a big, soft t-shirt. 




 Somewhere along the way I stopped being sexually attracted to him.  He became more of a friend instead of someone I wanted to be in a relationship with. 




 Exercising has the potential to become maladaptive. [Exercise addiction.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exercise_addiction) 




 I voted for him the first time, not the second time.  No, I don't think he's done a great job and I still don't like Romney. 




 /r/News and /r/WorldNews.  First hand accounts and experiences are always better than what's reported on mainstream media. 




 Something like the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon? 




 Pizza 




 It could start over the disputed Japanese island that China seems to be jockeying for lately. 




 Sushi.  I just can't get into it. 




 Why will we go to war with China? 




 Waking up feeling great. 




 When evacuation orders are issued for natural emergencies, like hurricanes, tornados and fires. 




 I'd be heading to Texas to join the winning side. 




 [f.lux](http://justgetflux.com/) 




 Watch a boring documentary from youtube.  I works for me.  




 They'd all decide what was valuable to them and use that as a new monetary system. 




 I know myself quite well and am comfortable with who I am.   




 Try /r/LosAngeles  




 They were alive and well and going to be destroyed, so I took them home instead. 




 Blackberry margaritas are my favorite, especially when paired with Mexican food. 




 I'd like to see the abolishment of executive orders and the removal of a presidents' ability to declare martial law.  Neither should ever be allowed. 




 Ancient Egypt when the pyramids were being built.  It's just an interest of mine. 




 Coworkers are not your friends. 




 Because it appeals to my palette.  It's different, zesty and full of pizzazz.   




 Oh hell no.  I'm not voluntarily having my arms cut off just to gain more strength that I don't need.  I'd pass and keep what I have. 




 You can use the unnamed word if you want to, but why would you want to with so much negative history surrounding it?  It's not a nice word, no matter who uses it. 




 Most college relationships do not last very long.  People change and grow up and their priorities and choices evolve.  Don't get too serious about this guy because he probably isn't too serious about the relationship.  Take it for what it's worth; a college fling. 




 I'm very patriotic towards our country and its' people.  It's a beautiful place full of wonderful, creative, inventive people all with their own strengths and ideas.  Most people here will help their fellow man when needed. 




 Personally, I don't run into it at all, even though I'm from a fairly conservative area in N.C.  For the most part, people respect others for who they are and don't worry about sexual preferences.  I don't give it a first thought, let alone a second.  I'd be offended if someone asked me such a personal question. 




 Users contribute news, pics and interesting things I wouldn't otherwise see.  It's nice to have it all in one format in one place. 




 Jut click the link directly above their comment on their comment page.
/u/happytappin 




 There are so many things in your comment that I disagree with, but I'll comment on this one: 

"Society cannot correctly set and achieve it's goals without the direction and vision of government because it is controlled by the ignorant horde that we know as the masses."

Do you not understand that you are also considered one of the ignorant masses?  Societies can't set or achieve goals *because of* governments like you're suggesting.  Politicians of any sort aren't ones to be trusted with the common good, just the opposite.  They enjoy their corrupting activities and having control.  They're egomaniacs who have only their own best interests in view.

 




 If you mean in private messages, you can't. 




 The Lisa Nowak story was pretty weird.  I'll never forget the kidnapping, pepper-spraying, diaper-wearing astronaut.

[Link](http://www.cnn.com/2007/US/02/05/space.love/index.html?section=cnn_latest) 




 I'm confused on what you want to see.  You can see what anyone posts by clicking on their name. 




 Politics and religion. 




 I don't see much of that here. 




 "creationism is mocked and disregarded", I'm afraid that's what you'll get here, as well. 




 The notion that respect must be earned first, before being extended. 




 "religion makes people easier to rule".   I can't agree less on this point.

"I don't want to directly force religion onto people because that causes the masses to resent authority".  People resent authority, religiously oriented or not and you cannot force religious belief at all.  

"via, evolution God's means of creating etc" You cannot force someone to mentally accept what they do not agree with.

"government should be geared toward the advancement of human intelligence and ability".  No, this is not the responsibility of government, it is the responsibility of society.  It is generally agreed that the most important single function of government is to secure the rights and freedoms of individual citizens. Thomas Jefferson asked:  "Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? That they are not to be violated but with his wrath?" Government becomes primarily a mechanism for defense against bodily harm, theft and involuntary servitude. It cannot claim the power to redistribute the wealth or force reluctant citizens to perform acts of charity against their will. Government is created by the people, for the people, not for an oligarch. 




 It's so weird how things like that happen in slow motion, time just slows down.  This guy had head injuries too, unfortunately, they were too great to sustain his life.  People in too big of a hurry take so many  chances with other people's lives than they're aware of.  I'm glad you didn't suffer the same fate. 




 /r/pyangyong because of some reason I'm not aware of. 




 Overall, probably the "today you....tomorrow me" one.

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/elal2/have_you_ever_picked_up_a_hitchhiker/c18z0z2 




 A motorcyclist flying over the roof of car who'd just ran a red light.  He hit the car broadside, flew over it and slid on the pavement head first. 




 I'd be ok with it.  They might learn a few things they didn't know. 




 My dog because he might be too stupid to get out on his own.  The cat would be out in a heartbeat. 




 It's death knell. 




  "Do you agree that the hyper-liberalism that is American liberalism will lead to a state of nature, and that though too religiously oriented and restrictive, American conservatism is more conducive to progress, simply because of it's ability to ultimately maintain a civilized society better than American liberalism in the long run?"

No, neither are conducive to progress, only to eventual self-destruction.  A completely new paradigm would be needed for "progress".

 




 Files obtained from Edward Snowden suggest the NSA can and does collect information sent by fiber optic cable between Google and Yahoo data hubs 'at will'. This includes overseas communications.  It makes no difference if its' incognito or not, it's recordable.


http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/internet/nsa-intercepts-links-to-google-yahoo-data-centers

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2013/oct/30/google-reports-nsa-secretly-intercepts-data-links

http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/30/us-usa-security-google-idUSBRE99T18S20131030 




 Climb trees. 




 Your post is far too long to read.  Condense it and resubmit. 




 I would want that person to be required to work with 55% of his/her salary given to the family of the murder victim for the rest of his/her life. 




 I don't like the current political system. 




 If martial law were to ever be declared, if the government ever seized our financial assets in some way or if some other country decided to invade us, I would bet highly on armed conflict from people country-wide.  There are many reasons this country would fight back and fight back mightily, but, I don't think politics is one of them.  We'd all have to be affected personally. 




 I would want that person to be required to work with 55% of his/her salary given to the family of the murder victim for the rest of his/her life. 




 It's not any more or any less acceptable.  Who makes your rules? 




 That gives the impression that she's divorced from him and now married to someone else.  Early husband or first husband implies divorce, not death.  Late husband implies she's a widow.   




 It's just a nicer, more appropriate way of saying, "her dead husband".  That sounds so course. 




 Google Glass, or something that evolves from it. 




