 There is a sample of each on the Fallout wiki.

Edit: Source ~ http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Gary_%28clone%29   Found under notable quotes. 




 Todd Harris said in an interview that he will be one of the companions you can have.

Edit: Source ~ https://youtu.be/DqQqeEgWb7Q?t=8m45s 




 I'd also recommend playing Fallout 3 as supposedly there will be references from Fallout 3 placed into Fallout 4. 




 People have been complaining that they can't get a Pipboy Edition because scalpers have been buying them up and then selling them for at least double their original price; some going for around $300. 




 Could you provide a source for the irradiated storms, haven't seen anything on them :3.

Edit: Thanks for the sources guys. 




 G7F2P-MWYJ9-3HHT4-KMQKF-XY9FZ
Hope you love it~!
Please reply if you get it, so others don't waste time trying to claim it. 




 After my many hours on Payday: The Heist and Payday 2 I've be conditioned to keep my eye out in buildings for the security guards and cameras. 




 I got to the point where there were roughly a thousand+ misc items outside the entrance to Whiterun. If you looked directly at it, your game would crash. 




 Though I enjoyed it, I found it to be too linear and restricting, you don't have to work out different ways to solve puzzles, but have to do that one specific thing. 




 Fallout 4 trailer just came out.... hype is real. 




 Yet less cars. 




 These are some really cool ideas, I love em'. 




 I recently stopped playing DayZ and have been thinking of getting back into it, but I just find the lack of goals to be boring. What do you guys do to stop yourself from getting bored, aside from playing with friends. 




 Warlords? 




 Depends on the game, but in some games e.g. Battlefield, you should never reload prematurely unless you are 100% sure it's safe, because you could always walk into somebody whilst reloading. 




 Why is it, that a person's hair/facial hair can go grey, but their eyebrows tend not to? Or is it just the people I've seen and they do normally go grey?
 




 Sorry I chose that wording, I was playing LoL at the time so I didn't double check it etc. 




 Or they could encourage donations and support through that, instead of making me pay $2+ for a minigame that let's me go fishing.... 




