 You've clearly never played in any of my games. 




 That's because a lot of them don't have exact matches. For example, the one hero fig is Gorman di Wolfe, but with what looks like a reclaimer head. 

There's at least a min unit of Mind Bender and Drudges there, though, and two Freebooters. That's a pretty nice bonus of tourney legal models, if you ask me. That's not even counting how many more you could use with minor conversions. 




 I haven't really looked into this new version, but I played the True20 version a long time ago. 

It's good, in a general sense. It has a very specific feel to it. The setting feels more like a setting from a novel than from a game, and even when playing it feels more like you are taking part in a novel. It's a bit... romantic? I'm not even sure what word to use. I distinctly remember it being a setting that seemed to cater to people less interested in primarily male power fantasies. The characters in the setting were all very dramatic and rich with involved emotional motivations. Combat was always sort of a secondary or even tertiary thing.

Keep in mind, some of my experience is probably affected by the GM I had at the time, and it's entirely possible that other people feel differently about it.  




 Well, I'm specifically talking about using them as the exact model they were taken from. For instance, I have a min unit of Farrow Brigands that are now a full unit, and there is a Targ and some Razor Boars in there too. I was thinking about proxying them anyway for casual games, but now they're tournament legal. 

Makes me even more excited about [this](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/board-games/the-undercity). 




 You are talking about [The Strange](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/129405/The-Strange-corebook). That's literally the premise of the setting.

Not only does it do this, it's also my favorite system for running games. It's light, but not so light as to be annoying (like Fate). 




 Oh god.... what have they done? 




 Wow, something interesting talked about on that thread: 

Unleashed Adventure Kit models are now tournament legal straight out of the box. 




 My Rhulic army is going to have a lot more women in it now. 




 I like and do both. I run Fate and Numenera and spent years running Risus based games. I also *love* Iron Kingdoms RPG (extremely rules-heavy, in case you didn't know), and I'm a big fan of Rogue Trader.

It's all in what you want to do. Some people like one more than the other, but there's no wrong way to have fun. Just let people do what they like, and you do what you like, and it's all good. 




 There is [this](http://www.gaspgamer.com/), which is probably a decent start. 

It's hard to give you more without knowing where you are in relation to Pittsburgh (I'm North of Pittsburgh, mostly). 

You can PM me if you like. 




 I have a simple trick that lets me roleplay women perfectly: 

Portray them exactly how you would if they were a man, except any time they would use their dick, use a vagina instead.

If you want them to know it's a woman character, tell them it's a woman character. 




 Saw "Cleric - Vet" in the TLDR, and read the main text to find out if it was Veteran or Veterinarian, and it's both. Well done, sir. 




 You don't have to sell me, I've already bought in. 

To sell the system, the best way is to promote how easy it is to run (since you want to play, not run it yourself). For me, it's the best thing for GMs since the invention of dice. The fact that I can work up stats for an NPC faster than you can look them up in other systems is amazing. And it's not just a flat difficulty like a few people have complained about on here. It's a *base* difficulty, adjusted up or down based on what they'd be good or bad at. The level is just the rough starting point, and it's something that no other system has.

For the setting, I actually try to avoid the Adventure Time/Samurai Jack/etc feel if I can. Get them to read some Clark Ashton Smith or Jack Vance or even Frank Herbert. To be honest, though, I never really use the stock setting from the book. I have so many of my own weird far future settings I can use that I don't need the one from the book. 

I'm a fan of Numenera, but I more often use The Strange, and I'm dying to get the new Cypher System book coming out in August. 




 Amazon is funny like that. There was a dice set I saw the other day that was a pair of underwear. 




 Honestly, someone's got to give. I play in a lot of games, and if some people want a silly game, it's a silly game. It doesn't matter how much the serious players want it to be a serious game, it's just not going to be if everyone is not on board.

My recommendation? Tell them ahead of time that it's going to be one way or the other, and run two different games. 




 Alright, I'll bite, but I'm not doing 3.5/PF. I rolled randomly to see what picture to do, and I got #4, the Witch's Son by Lauren Nichols. I'm doing stats for The Strange, level 1.

Eudet's childhood was pretty typical for an outcast. Picked on at school for everything from his name to his mother's religion; no interest in sports; always talking about "weird" things, like magic and other worlds. The truth is, he was pretty sure he was crazy. The other worlds he described so vividly weren't in his imagination. If only he was creative enough for that; he could just be a writer or something, and live a boring life. Unfortunately he's a terrible writer, and none of it is fictional. When he was eight years old, he was walking in the woods behind his house, and ended up somewhere else. It was a world were magic was real, and it was everything he could have hoped for. He would have just thought it was a daydream, except that a cat took notice of him while he was there, and followed him home. A *talking* cat. Now, magic doesn't actually work in the world he comes from, but there are "cracks" in reality that he has learned to exploit. A very smart, and perceptive young man, he has a lot of potential that several organizations, like the Estate, the Circle of Liberty, and even the OSR have taken special interest in. Only time will tell what he does with his talent.

Eudet Clemens, a Sharp Eyed Paradox who Solves Mysteries.

Might 8, Speed 10, Intellect 16(1).

Skills: Knowledge (Witchcraft) (T), The Strange (T), Perception actions (S).

Abilities: Practiced With Light Weapons, Premonition (2 Intellect points), Shatter (2 Intellect points), Find the Flaw, Investigator, Sleuth. 




 I ran this kind of game using The Strange and it worked really well. I actually left magic out (I was going more for Cyberpunk2020 than Shadowrun), but it has it in there by default. 

The Strange uses the Cypher system, which is a nice middle ground between heavy and light rules. The only real changes you need to make from the base setting is disallow Translating (the base game's premise is about moving between other dimensions, and it's called Translating). It's otherwise already set up for this kind of setting. Just pick out which Foci you think are appropriate for the players to have, and let them build their characters as normal.

The main book is a bit on the pricey side, but you can check out the [pdf of the player's guide](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/129406/The-Strange-Players-Guide?src=also_purchased) for super cheap to see if it looks like something you'd like first. 




 They have free quickstart rules that you can check out [here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf) and [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery).

It's a rules-heavy game with fast, deadly combats. It shares a lot in common with D D in the sense that there are fighters and wizards, dwarves and elves, as it was originally a campaign setting for D D, but it puts its own spin on it. It has since become a wargame, and now it is its own rpg. It can still basically be described as Steampunk D D, but it's hard to explain without knowing what games you are already familiar with. 

It has some of the player-driven-narrative strength of Fate without sacrificing structure. It has the some of the best rules intensive combat without getting slow or boring. It uses 2d6 instead of d20 making each point of bonus important while still having luck have some effect on success. 

I think the only real drawback I can think of is that the rules are very much married to the setting (I'd kill for a scifi game using the same rules). It's one of my favorite published settings though, so it doesn't bother me too much. 




 For me, IKRPG was the D D4e I was hoping for. It does everything that 4e did that was any good (like fixing the power curve of fighters/spellcasters), and fixed the problems of 3.5 that 4e didn't (like long tedious combats). It also fixed a problem I didn't know was a problem, which was getting rid of the grid. Playing without a grid is so much better for me than playing with one. Without one, movement gets to be so much more fluid, and people tend to be more creative in how their character interacts with the terrain. It also has a bit of bounded accuracy and every bonus you get really matters. It deals with the swinginess of the d20 by using 2d6 instead. IKRPG *is* like a wargame, in the best ways possible. It's my go-to game for crunchy games.

I do like D D5e, too. It's really what D D should be, in my opinion. I don't really play it much though. 




 Rogue Trader is probably the shittiest game I love. It's so damn clunky, and restrictive, and archaic, and yet, that's kind of how it needs to be to feel right. 

(you've opened a can of worms here, mate)

D Dmutherfuckin4e. Saying it's like a wargame makes me want to vomit. You've never played a wargame if you think 4e is like a wargame. It's not like a boardgame either. I'm not that passionate about boardgaming, but playing 4e is exactly the opposite of what it's like to play a board game. Board games are quick, and fun, and actually make it easy to form a story out of (even my Monopoly games have more support for narrative). I'm not saying this as a snobby outsider either. I bought the books (and subscribed to their online service), and ran 3 different year long campaigns using those rules. By the end I was ready to burn the books and shit on their grave. As fed up with 3.5 as I am, and as tired as I am of homebrewing it to hell and back trying to make it better, it's nothing compared 4e. Cut off the head, and burn the body. May God have mercy on its soul. 




 Look for tutorials on painting minis to look like a ghost. 

But Guarder22 is right. It's basically just base coating it blue and highlighting it. 




 Favorite crunchy game to play: Iron Kingdoms RPG

Favorite narrative game to play: Fate

Favorite to run: Numenera/The Strange

Others at the top of my list: Eclipse Phase, Rogue Trader, Paranoia, D D5e, StarWars EotE, Stars Without Number, Deadlands 




 Are you wanting to use another game, but with Numenera's resolution mechanic? Are you wanting to make your own game? What parts of the Cypher system don't you want to use? 

I've used the Cypher systems resolution mechanic in other games (D D4e/5e, Rogue Trader, Stars Without Number, Paranoia, IKRPG, FATE). I've also used it on it's own as a lighter version of the Cypher system.

It's hard to give you advice without knowing what you are trying to do with it. 




 I'm not really talking about any one style. I'm talking about communicating the style of game you are running to your players. 

I run games all the time that are brutal and deadly, just like I run games where death isn't even an issue. The point I'm trying to make is to make sure your players know beforehand which it is. 




 Yeah, but if you are playing a roguelike, you aren't going to be surprised by that. You knew that was a thing before you started.  




 It's mostly just about communication with my players. 

Here's an example:

I had a noblewoman who was secretly a dragon in disguise. One of the players thought he'd try his hand at getting information from her, and I warned him that she was a very powerful and dangerous person, whose enemies have a tendency to just "disappear", and she's likely to see through any kind of attempt at manipulation. He ignored the warning, made a terrible attempt at subtlety (neither he, nor his character was any good at it), and then, tried to get her to sleep with him. I warned him, the other players warned him, and he still made the decision to go with her to her room. He died.

Even though he didn't know she was a dragon (until it was too late), I still gave him plenty of warning that what he was doing was ridiculously dangerous, and would likely result in his death.

Now, if I want to surprise my players, and keep things from them, I always give them an out. If they have no inkling that something is going to be dangerous, death is off the table, and I design the encounter that way. 

Imagine playing a video game, that doesn't have the option to save, and you've been carefully playing your character for countless hours, and all of a sudden, you walk into a place that gives every indication of being safe, but because of something hidden, you die. You'd probably feel cheated, all that work, and the game designer sucker punched you, making you either start over, or give up entirely. It sucks, and it's pretty much never a good idea. 




 It's my policy that players never die unless they made a choice knowing that death was a possibility.  




 Depends on the player. 

Some players, don't care about the death of their character, because they aren't invested in the story, and can make another character of equal power and be back obliterating stuff in no time. I make sure that these people have to take a penalty, like lower level than the rest of the group, so that death means something to them.

Then there's people who losing a character is either devastating or nothing, because they have been been building a story with that character, and it's either his time, or not. If it's not their time yet, I offer them maiming (I offer this to the other kind of player, but they never take it), giving them some sort of lasting injury instead (like losing an arm or something). If it is their time, I just let them make their death be as awesome as they want. I then have them make a lower level character, which they don't mind, just so the other people don't complain.

You have to have death mean something, or else their characters are never really taking risks, and then nothing they do is heroic.  




 The d20 version of BESM might fit what you are looking for, but it's out of print. I think the srd was available for free though. 




 I've been working on getting ready to do this with [Deadzone](http://www.manticgames.com/mantic-shop/deadzone/getting-started-with-deadzone/product/deadzone-the-sci-fi-skirmish-game.html). It's really on the edge between boardgame and wargame though.

They also have a [Mars Attacks](http://www.manticgames.com/mantic-shop/mars-attacks/getting-started-with-mars-attacks/product/mars-attacks-the-miniatures-game.html) game, that uses a simplified version of the same rules. 




 Yeah, IKRPG version of balance is make *everything* unbalanced. IKRPG is purposely a deadly game. 

However, it's pretty easy to give players a break by making sure they are saturated in Feat Points. Walk It Off is pretty much ridiculously good, and more than makes up for the fact that there isn't true "healers" in the game if you let it. 

Also, something I do with players who don't really know how to use tactics, is have put them against really crappy enemies that use really good tactics. Let them see how hard someone is to hit when they stay behind cover, or see how devastating higher ground can be. Once they start using those tactics themselves, you can move to tougher enemies that use crappy tactics, and finally to tough enemies that use great tactics. 




 This might help: what "pen and paper games" have you played before?

If you played D D4e and considered the minis an "optional help" it means something a lot different than if you were playing Apocalypse World and saying the same thing.

Because to me, it sounds like you are describing 90% of mainstream roleplaying games.  




 I like this idea. 




 I vote Iron Kingdoms.

In addition, there are 3,000 non-redditors living with me that also vote Iron Kingdoms. 

Except Joe, Bev, and Frank. They voted for Fate, Eclipse Phase, and "The Cypher System" (whatever that means) respectively. Weirdos. 




 I swear the algorithm is something like "display all results, *except relevant results*" 




 How many votes do I get? Can I vote for a system, or do I have to vote for a specific version/edition of that system? Are the votes weighted? If I vote for one, can I change my vote later? If so, what is the deadline? Can I submit a vote for non-redditors in my household? If so, do their votes count for the same amount as mine? What validation systems are you using to verify the results? Are times zones going to be an issue?  




 TIL: Reaper Kickstarters are the Steam sales of miniatures. 




 Oh man, to be 15 again and to believe that there is such a thing as an original idea.

*You two are just too cute for words.* 




 I have done this, and it was amazing. 

One caveat: the players have to actually trust you. It won't work otherwise. 




 Iron Kingdoms is a great pseudo-classless leveling system that also has legal pdfs. [Here](http://wargamerontour.blogspot.com/2012/09/ikrpg-character-construction-102-xp-and.html) is an article all about it (with a nice sneak preview picture).


edit: forgot the link 




 And even then, it's probably a cheaper buy-in to just buy the minis. 




