 I guess but he was found guilty civilly. So its a question that has more to do with he was found innocent here so there is no debate or room for opinion 




 That subbreddit is garbage and to be fair, im not changing views i havent seen any. Most keep alluring to the jury, but my question is personal view point 




 Right i support that decision based on the trial but he is still guilty. Are you aware of the book he wrote, that doesnt lead you to question the decision even a lil? 




 It was presented in the civil case. The prosecutors thought it was an open shut case based on the DNA, and failed to present evidence because of this. 




 Yea. I believe he was rightfully acquitted due to the poor job by the prosecution but i also believe he is guilty 




 Well thats the thing, the jury did not receive all the evidence. The prosecutors failed to present the shoes and photo of shoes, the bronco car chsse, phone call, suicide note, possible witness etc. They thought the DNA would do it alone.




I respect your opinion but to say the jury saw all the evidence is not true. So if you still saw all the evidence including the shoes, you would find himn ot guilty? If so why? I understand you might have a different view im trying to understand it thats all 




 True. Im not trying to do that but because of the two verdicts im wondering if anyone thinks hes innocent? 




 Im not looking for specific anything as you suggest but to people sayingt he jury made the decision gives no insight to the question 




 Sure they do. Especially if they were two verdicts that went seperate ways, criminal civil 




 Thats not true, not even in OJs case. He didnt serve time but they got a considerable chunk of money from him. 




 Yea but do you really think he didnt do it? If so why?





Are you suggesting the legal system always gets it right? 




 Thats not the question. 









 Its clearly in the lab 




 I forget how big of assholes people in this subreddit are. And how serious they take themselves lol 




 Im very familar with the civil case. Doesnt answer my question at all. Im not trying to validate my opinion as you suggest, im trying to figure out how others validate theirs on the jury.




I hope you dont think OJ is innocent and think the legal system always get it right. 




 I already mentioned everything u said in my post. This was more for fun than being a nail on the head. String theory is based on an old theory BTW its not a recent concept as you suggest 




 I mean he is the one of the best to me, which was the question. To me Reservoir dogs, Pulp fiction, Djano Unchained, and Inglorius Bastards is some of the best films ever made. So that solidfies his status to me.




Diverse is overrated. If Kubrick can make a great scfi flick and great comedy but Tarantino makes two great action flicks, they both made 2 great flicks. I dont give one the edge because one was more diverse. Plus quention has done horror, martial arts, 2 period pieces, action, etc he is very diverse imo.





Very rarely do all great directors also write their scripts, everytime. This alone puts him high on the list. Some may be a better technical director but Tarantino has a style all to his own, you cant watch 5 mins of anything he directs and not know its him. This has to be respected. I dare you to find a director who has done so much with so little, in a time when so much more is available.




He could not put out another movie wouldnt change my opinion. Its not about diversity or quanitity or even technicality, its about Quality. Every movie he has put out, except 1 imo, has been top knotch. 




 Good point 




 Blow by Arteyu is hype worthy 




 Hail to the King. Av7



I imagine im the king and all these bitches are kneeling, and im sceaming HAIL TO THE KING.......afterwards im super hyped 




 Not true. Some of the scenes in the movie yes but not the majority





And the sequel begins exactly where 300 left off. Then later there is some flashbacks 




 No it wasnt. Just saying the jury made a decision is irrelavant and obvious. His second comment addressed the question directly.




Perhaps you should post comments on the topic at hand..... 




 An opinion has always existed, most people then think the jurors were idiots and same as now. Although i have seen polls as of 2014/15 that showed the majority of blacks believe he is guilty, directly the opposite to polls after the trial. With the increase of believers its reasonable to assume more have accepted the widely presumed theory that the jurors were morons, hence recent times.




I also dont think the jurors final decision is always right although in this case they were based on the cases presented before them. Had the evidence been presented properly and the verdict was still not guilty i would consider the decision wrong and the jurors morons. 




 Good will hunting. Simple, drama, a lil comedy 




 If so why is it so unknown and why do you like/dislike? 





If you havent and like rock, do yourself a favor and check it out. 




 Recent as in recent times 




 So was your first comment, that i was referring to.  




 My favorite saints player of all time. 




 Rounders. Worm is an all time favorite of mine. 




 I get that but i disagree all jury decisions are the right one. In this case yes but in every case is a major misstep IMHO. 




 Matthew is not nessicarily an astronaut in Interstellar. He confirms he has nver left the stratosphere 




 Based on what? 




 Just a curiosity to your comment, are you impling all jurors decisions are right? 




 Good point 




 Fair points but im speaking more to a recent opinion of the verdict. 




 Ok but why do the majority of people call the jurors morons and rag on the verdict? 




 The good shepard was badass 




 Fuhrman was never proven to specifically have tampered with the evidence but tampering was proven. To me you take the Dna evidence off the table he is still clearly guilty but all the evidence wasnt presented.




So you are saying people didnt realize the jury wasnt presented with all the evidence so its considered a bad verdict, I could see that. 




 If we are talking about say Louisiana where no weed consumption is legal, having such in your system can be used against you. Personal experience




Also THC and its levels in your system are case by case. Your body does not react to storing it the way another person's body will. 




 But having such in your system regardless of how much can be used against you. 




 Good point. Although there are several factors that could lead to this that doesnt involve time 




 Weed can be driven out of your system much quicker than 30 days. It depends on your usage of weed, water consumption and fat content





Yes, if they find weed in your system it can be used against you. 




 But Bruce wayne played by the same actor hasnt aged or changed any. 




 Ridley admits this was not a prequel, very clearly. Would you like the link? 




 There was very little of his blood on those items, most of the blood was the victims. It was even proven the blood on the sock was planted. But that becomes irrevalant when doubt about the evidence gathering is put into question.




This was not the home run evidence nor should it have been treated as such. And the obvious morons were the prosecutors not the jury 




 A major shift up from Martin Scorcese? 




 You mean all the evidence presented at the trial or all the evidence period? 




 Yes. Lets put all the evidence aside. Who writes a book about a murder of your ex wife, mother to your children, explaning how you did it, if you are innocent? 




 If he hired someone to do it wouldnt you be sure to have an alibi? Where did the inch deep cut on his hand come from?





Ferhman only had a small part in the case, to think he solely set up OJ is ludricous, just because he lied about having said niger in the last ten years. Also remember the countless times Nichole called the cops on OJ when he wasnt arrested. This is not the actions of a force that disliked OJ but one of those who admired his football skills 




 Well there was evidence that OJs blood was tampered with. His Dna went missing in the lab, later a forensic expert admitted to spilling it on his glove and continued to work on items on the case with the glove. The fact that doubt could be brought up here makes it not a suitable fact to be the center of the case.




Not to mention DNA was relatively new and hard to understand. This process should not have been the focus or jammed down the jurors throats. Considering the mountain of evidence they had they should have presented a mountain, instead of a hill of DNA evidence. 




 Its a damn shame really. And if this case is prosecuted properly, he is convicted. In my personal opinion the shoes is the most damning evidence of all, it proves OJ is lying. They simply ignored this aspect and missed the widely obtainable photo.





Its unpopular because he obviously commited the murders and people DV this because of it. But you are right a product of the justice system, a system where the truth is disregarded for who can argue best. 




 I think there are solid cases made that Jesus did not exist well outside the realm of reddit. Although i agree he was a real person, it is in some regard disputatable. 




 I disagree all his movies are poorly written. I love the house of a 1000 corpses, its sequel, and the Halloween remakes for the writing and directing. And he is still in his early stages of both with his best work yet to come IMHO 




 Also OJ was rightfully acquitted. Guilty 100% but the prosecutors did a hatchet job with the case leaving out the bronco fleeing attempt, the bruno magla shoes, putting Ferhman on the stand, letting OJ put on the gloves himself, etc. They focused way too much on questionable hard to understand DNA evidence.




OJ  was guilty but it was not proven in court. 




 Iraq invasion was the right thing to do.  




 Where would " you" rank Tarantino is asking exactly for personal favorites lol.  




 I simply asked why you think having Tarantino in my top three means I haven't watched many movies? Furthermore the post asks for your ranking and not an explanation. You want me to respond to a close minded comment with an open minded question, doesn't make a lot of sense.  




 Lol how else did you expect a response to a conceded question?  




 What makes you think I haven't? Like ability in movies is personal opinion, what makes you think I don't just put Tarantino above the many directors I've watched And the countless films I've seen?  




 My theory does explain all that you allur to. But this isn't that theory as a whole, it's the about this scene specifically. 





Any thoughts on the major inconsistency in this scene?  




 Keanu reeves in that baseball movies. Where he coaches the kids, so bad.  




 From Rounders. "If you can't spot the sucker at the table in the first thirty minutes, then you are the sucker."  




 From hell. Johnny deep in a story about the investigation of Jack the Ripper. For that matter Sleepy Hollow as well. 





Mystic river




Gone baby gone 

 




 This is not true. The director has already confirmed it is not a prequel to alien.  




 Avatar





There will be blood




Inglorious bastards, Django unchained




Inception 




The Lord of the rings 




The aviator  




 Zombie takes a lot of his inspiration from the horror films of the seventies. House of a 1000 corpses was a sort of tribute to that, looking at it in that light it was very well done. Take the budget into account as well. 




I think he is a very good director who has yet to tap into his true potential. I think he is severely underrated. I can't wait to see what he does next, and will undoubtedly watch and support his upcoming films. 




 Chronicle of Riddick





The two towers, return of the king. The hobbit movies, sort of, really not a sequel but a continuance of the story. 




Batman returns





300 rise of an empire 




EDIT:why the downvotes which movie doesnt apply to the topic? 




 Leo is better no doubt. Leo has proven he can consistently play a lead role with extreme success. He also has shown he can steal the spotlight as a supporting role, Ie Calvin Candy. Benicio while a great actor in his own right is mostly in a supporting role, and no where near the range.




Also for Martin Scorcese to deem you worthy of five of his movies all with the lead role, is enough praise to put him ahead of many of the working actors today, alone.  




 Red light is pretty awful, although I think de Niro does a decent job. There is also a movie with him and travolta that starts out good but takes a turn for the worse, and neither deliver a good performance.  




 Top three all time. With several off his movies being in my top ten. I also consider him the greatest writer of all time.






EDIT Taratino writes all his scripts, has a style all of his own, highly successful, has done horror, martial arts, western, period pieces, action(a major element of comedy in all), has made some of the most memorable films of all time and recent times. Why all the DVs on my opinion he is in my top 3? 




 




 Usually the delivery and placement has a lot to do with it. Plus the memorable factor, one line that can be easily remembered but pertains to the movies content.  




 I will start with, Tolkien began writing The silmarillion before the Hobbit and LOTR. He was a language addict, he spoke 12 or more languages and studied ancient ones. Eventually creating his own. He wanted to create a world where the creations in it spoke this language, hence the Silmarillion. This was his original motive. After years of work, with many pauses in progress due to in his academic work this novel was put to the side but it is the first work of ME, and predates all others. He then wrote The hobbit for his children to enjoy, using the universe he had already created but not yet finished. Upon the sucess of the Hobbit and fan request he began LOTR. Always coming back to the Silmarillion but never completeing it. So.....




In the silmarillion, it predates the LOTR's and the Hobbit beginning at the start of the universe. In his telling of the beginning of everything, it starts with an ominpotent Being,Eru. He creates the Holy ones, which he thens sings songs too which starts off the creation of the world, and Middle Earth.





Very much like String theory, which is compared to musical notes and their different frequencies. With the process explained here, Eru creates the strings and then begins to create the universe with them by singing and using different frequencies.





Eventually one of these Holy ones, starts to rebel and tries to instill competition amoung the rest. This holy ones' rebel wants to create different frequencies and rule over all. This could be seen as the early formation of the Selfish gene. He rebels against Eru with selfish ambition and trys to take over. Eru refuses to destroy the rebel as he loves all his creations. Instead he bans him to ME, which he eventually effects everything. The selfish gene thrives and even creates creatures. By the time the source is sent back to Eru, the gene has inhabited and infected everyone and everything.





A little loose but it does have some merit imho. When i first heard of String theory and its comparison to music i thought of Tolkien. He couldnt have possibly known about String theory but stumbled upon this explanation. There has to be something that lead him to favor this way for the universe to start, gut feeling maybe or blind luck. Im not saying string theory is correct either.





What do you all think? Open to suggestions 




 Spoiler Alert. The end speech with Borden and Angier. I believe i have found a major clue to Angier's deceit in narrarated scenes and evidence to stregthen the machine doesnt work theory. When Angier is telling Borden about the 1st clone ive noticed a major inconsistency that would lead me to believe its proof or a subtle clue that Angier is lying.





When he shoots the 1st clone, in the flashback at the end, its in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. You do not see Tesla or the assistant in the lab as to suggest they have already fleed Edison's men. Edison's men burn down the lab right after they flee. Only then does Angier have solo use of the machine, after the Lab has been burned down. There is no logical way for Angier to have been in the Lab alone, its guarded by electrical fences and gadgets to keep Edison's men away, before Tesla flees. There is no logical way for Angier to be there after its burned down.






The scene shows Angier kill the first clone in Teslas lab. With no tesla or his assistant, during daylight. This implies its after he has been given the machine, after Tesla flees. This would be impossible since the Lab has been burned down at this point.





This is a direct clue that Angier is lying. It also solidifies his willingness to fabricate stories to Borden, giving credence to a made up diary. Pair this with the air bubble in the only visible tank, and Angier seemingly gaining full control of his damaged leg, these are some of the subtle, ambigious clues we are told watch closely for.





Im fairly certain this scene is a clue and doesnt make sense. Imho Angier is lying as he is about the machine. This is Nolan masking the true trick of the film well. Want to see what you all think about this scene and if im not missing anything i might post a revised theory on the machine. Lmk if this wasa  great catch or why im wrong.  




 Experience, and as Hendrix asked "Are you experienced?"  




 I thought it was a classic IMHO  




 That's a shame, I'm sure there is a good movie in there somewhere.  




 Yea I love Snatch, and I agree it was better. I really like lock as well, but this movie was better IMO. I felt like it was just like those movies too, what made you dislike this one?  




 Maybe, although I'm not worried at all. James Cameron is a much better director IMO as well. I also love the story of Avatar, not the most popular opinion on reddit, so I'm excited to see what's the next step in the journey.




Like I said I haven't even seen a 3-d movie yet or avatar on the big screen so I'm highly anxious. I'm assuming the hype is gonna get out of hand and it will break all the records.  




 I'm not sure how popular this movie is but damn this was awesome. If you have seen it what did you think? If not go watch it. Reminded me of the movie "Thursday", both flew under my radar but by the time I got to them people had forgetting them. 




Also it kind of ended on a hint at a sequel. Has anyone heard of one possibly being made?  




 Freedom in Django Unchained when Django is having flashbacks. That shit chokes me up every time.  




 He would have been badass in Gone Girl in affleck's role. Maybe even the bad guy in the new Bond movie.  




 Leo the same in every movie is laughable. He is a phonomenal actor with a huge range. Leo not receiving an oscar thus far is more a knock on the oscars. 



J edgar Hoover 




Howard Hughes




Jordan Belford




Retarded grape





Calvin candy 




Jack Dawson




Laughable.......... 




 2001

 




 Now it's gotta be avatar 2 they keep changing the release date, but it seems to be set in stone now. Considering I missed avatar on the big screen, I can't wait for avatar 2. Most anticipated movie for me ever, I still have not seen 3-d yet, I holding out for the sequel.  




 It's best to have read the book for references. Even though it's mostly different, the book helps identify the "shine" and the hotel.




It's about a family with a struggling marriage and a "special" son. The hotel is fueled by Danny and its ghost convince jack to kill the family. That's about it. Kubrick also does some crazy stuff. He shoots every scene from eye sight level and you almost feel like you are a ghost following around the Torrance family. He rearranges the carpet, fixtures, pictures on the wall, mid scene and all kinds of things. It's a very dark movie but filmed in a very neat way. 




 Cast away 





The girl with the dragon tattoo 




 The prestige




Reservoir dogs




The game





We own the night




Kiss the girls




Rules of engagement 




Mr brooks  




 I like this a lot. 





To add to it, this is how the end could play out. The older brother after having come to terms leAving earth is the best possibility, long drawn out process in the film, decides to help Edmund. With his pull from being a war hero in a time after the war in a broken country, he helps sustain funding for the missions. He helps to fund and set up funds for the Lazarus mission in his attempt to rekindle his relationship with Edmund(younger brother). He becomes close to Dr. Brand waiting to hear back from Edmund, like Matthews' daughter does in interstellar. 




Upon getting close to Brand he figures out that Plan A is useless, that the Human race cannot be saved and his brother Edmund was sent under the wrong pretenses. Upon finding this out he confronts Dr Brand, and things get out of hand. Dr brand ends up shooting the older brother, as he lay there dying he begins to recite a poem to brand , one which he has never heard "Do not go gentle into the that dark night. Rage rage against the dying of the light........" The movie ends with dr brand standing over the body in his office, breathing heavy digesting the mans last dying words, the screen goes black..........then we hear the oldest brother take his last breath and utter the last words in the poem, Rage Rage. Then a baddass tune kicks in and the credits roll 




 Yea that could have some effect, reading the book. But take in mind the change in time frame to the book. This would greatly help Nolan in masking the trick, as far as the legal system, the trial, the use of simple magic. It is also my understanding tesla was also added, he was not in the book. Which would lend to help Nolan disguise the trick. But I'm not sure about that Lmk what is the truth here.





I will leave you with a quick version of the theory, but keep in mind it's got much more details and evidence then this. But it should help you rewire yourself into viewing the movie from angiers pov when you rematch the movie.




Angier visits tesla and realizes he has no " magic". He has no working machine as when he had none when Borden visited. So he begins to devise a plan to frame Borden, not just kill him but ruin his reputation, even steal his daughter. But he has a major problem, Borden has ruined his reputation when he sabatoges his trick and double. Borden's second successful attempt to sabotage Angier. No one would hire Angier for some simple trick.




So he uses the fact Borden sends him to tesla. He uses this useless machine to add flair to the old transported man to give the illusion of " real magic". Enough to add him a spot for a theater and give him efficient amount of time to set the frame in play. So Angier spends these months " visiting tesla" preparing his frame up and sobering up  root. A now very well paid root which was the sum of his issues anyway, money. Remember Angiers motive is not good magic at this point it's only to frame Borden. So if he was trying to top Borden at this point, root would not be a good hire but it's not he is only trying to frame Borden. This also why the blind stage hands, and why Caine is never let back stage. He is even scolded in a scene when he tries.




So Angier is the pledge and turn and all root does is the prestige( coming out the top of the balcony) that's it. 





Again there is abunch more to it, dealing with the tanks and bodies etc. but I'm tired of typing. If you are interested in the rest Lmk and I'll finish it later.  




 1)you have to remember that Borden is caught red handed. No one suspects foul play here. And I disagree that forensics was more or even considered sophisticated at all in the the time frame of the movie. So for no reason for anybody to suspect anything there would be no extensive investigation. There are blind stage hands backstage and the only person who saw was Caine who catches a longtime rival red handed with plenty motive. This was the classic open shut case, then take in the legal system of the time.



2)I understand your points but to me it's a little contradictive to portray what real magic is what it takes and have it switched on you. This doesn't make sense to me.




3)sure the bubbles could be interpreted as anything. But they took the extra effort to cgi it in, or purposely not take it out. I believe this has more significance than is widely considered.



4)this diary is also given to Angier on purpose by Borden. The encryption is planned ahead of time, because he willingly gives Angier the diary.



5)well when Angier shoots the clone you do not see Tesla or his assistant in the lab. This would imply it's being used after tesla has given him the machine, when tesla flees Edison's men. I believe a direct clue to lend you to believe Angier is lying.





6)I agree interpretation can be done many ways. Although my assesment is people are missing the obvious. Just as Angier does to Borden, just as Borden does to Angier, and as Nolan is doing to the audience. 




On the edit, true this can be taken many ways as can the bubble. But instead of thinking its a mindless error or poor calculation, in the theory these become vital clues.




Your post was well said many good points although I feel if you look at the movie different you will see my side. Might not agree but there is validity in my points IMHO 





Edit. To the birds point. The birds are killed and replaced with doubles not clones. Furthermore Angier figures out a way to save the birds, save the original. Only when Borden comes along does the bird get killed. Very similar to the way it plays out in the theory.  




 Fair point. I just figured it was well known, not well accepted, well known  




 It seems like alot of younger people especially havent. But i could be wrong wouldnt be the 1st time 




 Whats the good fight? 




 Jumanji 




 He use to be a crackhead though, all them fuckers can take and cause alot of damage.....alot. 




 Only one has a BMF leather engraved wallet though. I gotta take Jackson 




 Ill start with the incosistancies.




1)Angier gives Borden a diary that could prove his innocence days before he is to be executed. A day or two before he actually goes to the jail




2)The movie makes constant references to how real majic is done and it has nothing to do with "real magic"




3)The air bubble in the only visible tank at the end. The fact Angier gains full control of his leg while drowning after the film goes though length to show how damaged it is




4)Borden sends Angier to Tesla the one person who can produce a similar result as a twin is unbelieveable and could have been done a much more logical way. Why connect these two if there is no need to?




5)The scene where Angier shoots the first clone, the flashback at the end, happens in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. A fabricated scene in the theory




Angier uses a double, and sets up the trick during his "visits with tesla". Caine identifies the double in the morgue, with a quick glance ill add. At this point there is no reason for suspicion. They have a body and have his long time rival caught red handed. Caine during the trial is under the impression the trick was real and Angier isd ead. He is never let in on the trick and its why he particapates in the trial.




I can give more detail lmk. But you have to be willing to accept Nolan is attempting to pull the wool over your eyes, and if you follow the clues you will see. 




 This whole back and forth has been sick.....SICK AS FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but its pretty funny  




 The machine doesnt work and its a tool of deceit used by Angier to frame Borden. With Nolan playing the true trick on the audience and its what we are told to look for twice, "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real." Said before and after Bordens trick is revealed




There are too many inconsistencies in the plot for it to be a straightforward film, with much evidence pointing to Angier deceit, IMHO. 




 Good point, gonna add this in as well 




 Its proven the comforters rarely get washed, if ever. Its not common knowledge but it should be.




The first thing you do is remove the comforter then plop down 




 Possible, although i like the idea that was presented that they were an ally, alot 




 And potentially very nasty 




 And you plop right down onto a cum ridden rarely washed comforter. Ewwwwww 




