 I agree that the headline is misleading. I also agree with your proposal. 









 Congrats--your weight loss is definitely noticeable! Great job! 




 Fantastic! Congratulations, you are an inspiration! I need to study the keto board but just wondering what your goals are--you say 20 g of carbs on a 2000 cal/day diet. So those carbs are in the form of veggies, and the other 1900 cals are in the form of protein and fat? Do you have a goal for how many grams of each? 




 This is a great idea. I'm going to try it. 




 Congratulations, I'm almost at my first five lost. While it's great to hear the inspirational stories of people who have lost 100+ pounds, to me as a newbie, seeing a post about reaching those early milestones is really helpful. 




 What an accomplishment! Congratulations! 




 That's great! I've got a bunch of "thin" or at least "thinner" clothes I'd love to be able to fit into! 









 I agree completely. I think there was a power struggle between conservative and liberal mods, and somehow the conservatives managed to ban several liberal-leaning publications with the very shaky rationales you cite. 



















 That is great, congratulations! 




 Gosh, that is great! Congratulations! 









 Agree. 


































 Fantastic! Congratulations, and thanks for sharing your story. 
























 Fantastic! 









 Very impressive -- congratulations! 




 Yay! congratulations! I've yet to reach my first 5 and can't wait for those lairs! 




 Congratulations! I can't wait to add that -5 flair! 




 Congratulations, you handled things so well! And you are right, emotional eating makes you feel good for about 30 seconds and bad all day and then some. I admire the way you are coping-hang in there! 




 Can you buy your lunch at school and get at least one healthy meal there? 




 What Knutes said. Congratulations, you should be so proud of all you've accomplished and continue to accomplish, and thank you so much for taking the time to share and inspire us all! 




 Agree -always cute but now add the heat! 




 Thank you so much for your reply. It's very helpful. The issue of sleep is especially interesting. I've always been a night owl and now at age 60 it's gotten pretty dysfunctional -- I'm usually sleep-deprived. I've read that regular sleep habits, and adequate sleep, are important to dieting, but changing my sleep habits has been difficult. If I go to bed early I just wake up every 90 minutes. I think I'm going to need to tire myself out with more exercise and then walk bedtime back gradually.

Also glad to hear that diet is 80% of the weight-loss equation because I've let my diet plan get derailed on days I can't exercise, like "why bother, I can't get on the treadmill today so I've already blown it."

Lastly, glad to hear your endorsement of MFP and low-carb. I've tried weight watchers online  but I don't think it's a good fit for me because I like to get the calorie and nutritional info. I think calorie counting is a better fit for me. I like carbs so I'm going to need to watch them.

I'm trying to do a serious diet and lose 50 pounds. I'm 5'6" and 200, got up there gradually over the years, topped out at 211 six years ago, have made half-hearted and inconsistent efforts since then. My weight as a young person was low 120s  but I'd be happy with 150 as a goal for now.

Thank you again for your response -- you are very kind and a great example!
 




 Does she have a master's degree in library science? And how about you share with us what those agents were looking for? It's obviously no big secret if they shared it with you. 




 That's fantastic! I've got a bunch of thin clothes in my basement I'd love to be able to get into at some point! Thank you for sharing! 




 I think 50 in four months is a fantastic pace. 




 Congratulations! I'd love to hear what you did, both diet and exercise-wise. 




 That is fantastic. What was your activity goal? I 




 Yeah, not so much. The hospital has backtracked on blaming the software:

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/04/us/containing-ebola-cdc-troops-west-africa.html

Looks like a case of attempted CYA. 




 Great way to support your local library. 




 @purplepooters -- I am a librarian. i work with these systems. 




 @fucktheecrunch -- At most libraries it's possible for patrons to establish accounts with a login and password beyond their library card number. Patrons can use those accounts to compile booklists of items they'd like to read, to do an interlibrary loan or a hold request electronically, etc. I don't think those accounts would be likely to retain a title after the book was checkout out, but perhaps in some systems they can. Since the patron controls the login, privacy would be maintained, I suppose.  




 @EuropeanLady -- Yes, that is an unfortunate result of the privacy policy. It seems to me to be the lesser of two evils. Patrons can always keep their own lists of items borrowed, or save the date due reminder slips most libraries print out, which have the titles of the books on them.  




 @pedrobeara-- if what you are saying is true, your wife is in violation of her professional code of ethics -- I assume she has an MLS? 




 @Razed -- The circ systems and their servers are pretty secure, contained closed systems. Like an intranet, really. 




 @fuck_theecrunch -- Not true. I'm a librarian, and every library system I've had experience with automatically deletes the patron's information when the borrowed material is returned. There is no way to retrieve that information. There is no list of what people check out that individual librarians can use or disable. You say that some libraries can override this system and keep the records, but deletion is always the default setup and I've never encountered a library that overrode that.  




 @Jaydea -- Yes, libraries had to deal with this stuff back in the McCarthy era, and in the 60s as well. The patron privacy policy is longstanding.  




 @jonnypadams -- In many libraries, you can get Netflix-style recommendations based on your search of the catalogue. It does not depend on what you check out, but what you search for (with no record kept).Try it sometime.  




 @purplepooters -- Library systems are designed to delete once and for all. They have dedicated servers and tight networks.  




 @pedrobeara -- Do you work at a library? I do, and you are lying. 




 @That's the whole point of the articles. Identifying info is deleted from the computers when the materials are returned.  




 @imadetheinternet -- Why would they take your computers? it was about civil liberties. If you were a librarian, you should be familiar with the Library Code of Ethics:
http://www.ala.org/advocacy/proethics/codeofethics/codeethics 




 @fleker2 -- A good librarian can make suggestions based on the preferences you tell her, and many library catalogues have suggested books based on your catalog searches (not your check-outs, just the kind of stuff you are searching for, with no record kept of your search).  




 @dagobahh -- I think those cards just had the dates stamped on it if it was a public library. Most "sign-out" library slips were used at elementary school libraries.  




 @rundmcarlson -- Yes, the terrorists are all flocking to the library. They all have cards.  




 @Comeonyouidiots -- You can check out library ebooks from home and read them on your computer or mobile device, instead of contributing to Jeff Bezos. You can also access various proprietary research tools and databases from home, also on that little old computer you seem so proud of.  




 @big_giant_turd -- Public computers at a library are scrubbed nightly. 




 @Col Volkov -- Libraries are funded mostly by local property taxes with maybe a very occasional federal grant. Library policy dictates that when materials are returned, the identity of the borrower is deleted. 

Your fun facts are lies. 




 @toychristoper -- Stop spreading misinformation. Records are deleted to protect patrons' privacy, NOT to save server space. Where do you get that? It is completely untrue.  




 @Tidec -- You can get the same info from a survey. Also, libraries keep records of the number of times items are checked out, just not who checks them out, so you could draw some conclusions by comparing the checkout rates of various items with the publicly available census info on the demographics of the community, or before and after a historical event, etc. A historian can do plenty of research with conventional historical methods, without prying into the identities, incomes, etc., of library users. An actual historian would know that. 




 @UltraeVires -- Actually the government was quite interested in a  lot of innocent people in the McCarthy era, and the Snowden revelations show that they still have quite an interest in collecting info on people who turn out not to be threats in any way.  




 @GannamStylingOnYou -- Unless you're thinking of the stamp with names that appears inside the cover of many school textbooks, if that's really the case, your library was violating the professional ethics of the profession. Way back in the day there used to be slips with due dates, but I've never heard of one with names.  




 @aleister -- Donate to your local library's Friends of the Library group, or buy some treats to send over to your local library's staff as a thank you!  




 @toychristopher --No, you are wrong. Records are destroyed to protect library users' privacy. I am a librarian. 




 Great job! Now you're paying it forward by inspiring me! 









 Congratulations, you are doing a tremendous job --you're an inspiration! 




 @dinosaurdinosrawr -- Thank you! 



















 Trying to finally get serious and lose weight. I'm a 5'6" 60-year-old female who has been gradually gaining weight from my late 30s onward, finally getting into the 200s in the past ten years or so, topped out at 211 about eight years ago, now 201. I'd be thrilled if I could get to 150. 

My goals are to count calories every day with MFP and to get exercise daily. Do people set number goals, in terms of pounds lost per month? 




 That is so impressive! Congratulations! 









 Gosh, you look fantastic! Congratulations! You inspire me! 














 @Pudums -- No, no, you didn't come off that way. Invisibility is an issue you don't really think about until you experience it. The male gaze can be objectifying rather than flattering but it's something we become accustomed to and we notice when it's lacking. And there is nothing wrong with enjoying the fact that you're visible again! 




 Ok, I'm new here, have lost about five pounds through half-assed off and on efforts in the past couple of months. This may be what I need to get me going. Thanks. 









 @niamhd--Really nice post.  




 Glad to see your post, and all the comments in response. My weight gain has been gradual over the past 10 years or so, and coincides with my going from 50 to 60 years old. I know I'm invisible, figured it was a combo of the weight and the aging. I'm actually happy to see it's not all just paranoia in my head and is an actual thing! 

Congrats on your progress! 




 Congratulations -- I long to be where you are!!! 









 This is fantastic advice. Thank you. 




 Maybe start with $5 then? 




 I agree with allieneeds oats above. You are 22 and working. Can you ask your mom if you can keep out even $10 per week to buy yourself some veggies etc?  




 Agree--you are young and your skin is still very elastic. I don't think your goal--40 lbs on a 6'5" frame -- will make your skin saggy. 





























 Congrats on the weight loss. Re your question: from your photo, you look young. In my opinion, weight loss comes faster when you're young. Since I've gotten older I've found it is slower going. Now there's some motivation to keep those pounds off! Great job. 









 Congrats!!! 














 @Bartleby1955 -- Obviously it's worse, or it wouldn't be noteworthy. Here are the NFL's figures, quoted in the New York Times:

"The N.F.L.s actuaries assumed that 28 percent of all players would be found to have one of the compensable diseases and that the league would pay out $900 million to them. Their calculations showed that players younger than 50 had an 0.8 percent chance of developing Alzheimers or dementia, compared with less than 0.1 percent for the general population. For players ages 50 to 54, the rate was 1.4 percent, compared with less than 0.1 percent for the general population. The gap between the players and the general population grows wider with increasing age." 




 @ghost27 -- I think that is great advice. I've been derailed so many times by my compulsive perfectionism, trying to eat only diet food and exercise every single day right from the start. I've recently come to realize that the all-or-nothing approach is sabotaging me. 



















 @Phredex -- http://www.salon.com/2014/09/12/its_disgusting_and_its_still_about_race_southern_republicans_simply_dont_want_minorities_to_vote/ 


































 The r/politics mods removed my previous post on this, which was from TPM. Let's see what they do with this one. 





































































 @SayYouDo-- A trained professional police officer should do a better job of handling a crowd than "most people."  




 @AndroidHelp--That is how the word appeared in the original headline and it is r\Politics First Commandment that headlines must not be altered. 
























 @ThomasJefferdaughter -- It is about politics in that it is relevant to the discussion of how the political process should deal with institutional racism and the militarization of local police force.  




