 I've moved a few times in recent months (from Massachusetts to Wyoming, now Utah), and I plan on moving a few more times if I don't find a reason to stay in Zion.  




 It happens to everyone at some point in their dating life.  




 To be fair, sports are super important in deciding a mate. Yankees suck, yo.  




 I'm 21, and since moving to a highly religious area where people marry *really* young (compared to what I'm used to), I've kind of thought about having a family in a few years. Wouldn't mind it.    




 I hope you guys get my mission submission for Provo, UT! It's only a few hours away! 




 Yes. Need advice? 




 Http://Ksl.com/jobs is the local job board for Salt Lake City. It's really popular and useful!  




 But sometimes monopolies can't be avoided. In my home town, there's all but one grocery store. There's nothing inherently wrong with that, nor is it anyone's fault, it's just no one else has opened up shop. So that store has a monopoly on my town.  




 Are you willing to move? Lots of Western states like Utah and Nevada have some pretty healthy job pickings.  




 One should do their best to avoid working on the Sabbath. Of course, sometimes you just have to, but it isn't good practice. Lots supposed to be a day of rest.  




 I'm not surprised. ELS has a lot of hateful users who are all sorts of angry.  




 Probably few people. It's a comic and it's not totally offensive. 

Again, humor is subjective. I'm sure satire doesn't even exist in some cultures.  




 Roses are red

Violets are blue 

I'm not good at haiku 




 Street fights like that happen all the time. Pointing to a single instance of an event isn't evidence of a changing tide. Do you have any other examples that show an increasing trend in confrontation?  




 I think you're in the minority about being annoyed by this. Humor is subjective, but I don't think many would find this type of comic annoying. Not funny maybe, but not annoying.  




 And? I'm sure they could do one for every country/civilization of the world, so I don't understand what you're trying to say. That if you make one comic about one group, you have to make a comic about every group? 




 A little. I hate it when Mongols invade my home country. It's super annoying. 

But seriously, what's bad about this? I found it funny.  




 True, but, an inaugural address is supposed to be a complex layout of policy for the next four years. It's supposed to be a complicated speech. Yet if you watch Obama, Bush, and Clinton, they say three words and the audience roars in applause every minute. It's not valuable and is the dumbing down of politics.  




 I know people IRL? Oh... 




 True, cable news might not be the best educational place of learning for anyone, but banning it *would* stop some people from learning about the news. That, and your proposal would probably extend past Fox News, right? I'd imagine you'd have some sort of agency set aside to censor the Internet and media, like China with their Great Firewall. So there'd be a lot more than just shutting off Fox News going on, I'd imagine, which could cause a severe lack to information.

The other issue is you'd be forcing hate speech to underground, where it can't be responded to. I'd rather stand before the KKK in public to counter protest, than force them to meet in hiding where they might become more radicalized (not to say they can't do that now, but banning them from public forms of speech would only increase secret meetings). Plus, I couldn't identify public bigots as easily, and people couldn't respond to their presence or actions.

 slavery was well known to be wretched

Depending on the time you around. During the 17th century, very few white Americans were against slavery. Most thought the practice was fine and used the Bible to support the institution. Now of course there's a very important thing to remember here: acts of violence aren't speech. Every decent society bans acts of violence because they tangibly proeduce harm to another, whereas speech does no such thing.

If you think that calling blacks equal to whites is racist towards whites, then you're truly misunderstanding human decency

*I* don't think that, but if I was born two hundred years ago as a white man, I probably would have, and so would you if you were born into the same circumstances. It's hard to imagine, but about two hundred years ago a lot of white men and women were vocally racist and thought that white superiority was just the way things were meant to be. You and I don't agree with that because we were born in a different time, in a different context. What constitutes as "human rights" and "racism" is subject to change. Heck, black Americans were't even considered people until the 3/5ths Compromise (and even then they weren't considered a whole person). 

The other reason you and I believe what we do about equality is because speech was allowed to flourish, and wasn't banned by the government. Again, both of us as 19th century white people probably would have been against the notion of total equality for the races (even plenty of abolitionists were against the notion, which you can see in *Bound For Canaan* by Fergus Bordewich). We believe what we believe because people were allowed to speak their minds, even though their thoughts would be considered "ignorant" for their time.




 




 Awesome sauce.  




 That's contradictory, isn't it? You can't proclaim to be against coddling the ignorant and then turn around and propose ideas which them go ahead and foster ignorance (the lack of knowledge). Banning certain types of speech makes people *more* ignorant, not less. So are you against ignorance, or for it? 

 The example of proclaiming women as equal to men is not an indecent thing, it is not lynching of black men; it is not letting poor people starve; it is not stealing form the poor to give to the rich; it is not allowing bankruptcy and death if you can not afford health care.


Right, but my point is opinions change, which is why censorship is bad. If you tried proclaiming black men were the equal counter parts of whites in the 19th century, most folks would call your opinion ignorant, racist (against the white man), and just plain *crazy*. Under the conditions you're against (racism, ignorance, hatred), such vocal opinions probably would have been banned because it was a different context of thought, and your thoughts would be dangerous and evil. 

Sure, you might say of course that opinion isn't evil or wrong, but you can only say that in hindsight two hundred years later. What's not indecent to you now probably would have been wretched to you a century or two ago. 
 
I recommend *Unlearning Liberty* be Greg Lukianoff for some great thoughts on banning speech.  




 Sometimes folks like sharing their opinions, no matter what, especially if they have a vested interest in the matter (whatever it may be). It's very easy to interject in any conversation on the Internet, as compared to real spaces where people physically gather.  




 Do folks *not* have the right to an opinion? If that's the case, that sounds like a desire for blatant censorship, which is one way to encourage ignorance in the masses. Plus, what constitutes as insane changes from time to time. If you proclaimed that woman were just as equal as men nearly a century ago, your opinion would have been considered far out there, and you may have been considered crazy. 

(sorry if I misunderstood) 




 It's happening everywhere. If you look at the data, to understand Thomas Jefferson's inaugural address you'd need about a college level education. To understand Obama's? About a 5th grade level. 

And when you look at the State of the Union addresses, for every minute of speech there's about a thirty seconds worth of applause. 

In other words, nothing of value is being said any more. 

Source: Elvin Lim's *The Anti-Intellectual Presidency*  




 Because they typically are seeking attention and don't contribute much to the community.  




 I won't comment on their validity (that's up to you), but here's a transcript from the arguments during California's prop 8 debate:

http://www.npr.org/2013/03/26/175351429/audio-supreme-court-arguments-on-california-gay-marriage-ban 




 What's the company or group? Can you share a link?  




 That doesn't apply to all denominations. Quakers (who mostly don't believe in an after life yet do believe in God) are very huge on environmentalism. They are regularly organizing for a call to action to stop climate change.  




 Seconded. I feel like unions are just dead these days. I was part of one for a while and it didn't do anything special for me, other than guarantee I couldn't be laid off if the company over-hired (I'll admit, that actually is nice). Otherwise, the union seemed toothless.  




 The "message me if you're compelled to" bit is overused and boring. I'd remove it.  




 No, but I'd email their support team. I think if you show them this and explain what happened you'll get a refund.  




 Good luck, and don't let the age thing hold you down too much. In a few years you'll be golden :) 




 Yup! I'm assuming the mentioning of a singles ward have it away ;)  




 Please! 




 If it starts going nowhere and you still have interest, ask them out.  




 Share an example? 




 Not bad. I'd use your second pic as your main. 

I also wouldn't skip the part where you write what you're good at. You can have some real fun there. 

That said, you'll have a tough time on OKC due to your age being the bare minimum. Doesn't mean you won't have success, you just have to prepare for having very little of it.  




 Well! The denomination I visit specifically has a singles ward for young adults, so my pickings are great. 

It's good to have some sort of shared philosophy with people you date too. You are already know your fellow church members have some shared beliefs that you have, more or less.  




 You'll find that Mormons aren't your typical Sunday only Christians. Many are very devout to their faith! It's certainly a culture shock for many outsiders like myself, but it's not necessarily bad.  




 In June I'll date more from church, and go to more socials.  




 Mormons are strict about premarital sex, like a lot of other Christian sects.  




 That's a compliment  




 You're actually orange, due to the whole Jersey thing.  




 Are you sure tho 




 Yes please. 

Http://Okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface   




 When I was 18, I fell for a girl I met on /soc/. Actually wound up meeting her face to face, and she was super qt. 




 Where do I start looking to get in "the indie scene"? 




 American culture is big on celebrities. We have entire TV shows and magazines dedicated to just talking about them. It makes sense why topics about their attractiveness might sneak into a conversation.  




 When I actually get dates and cancel them I know it's time to hide in my cave for a year or so.   




 I am indeed a Quaker, but I attend LDS services as I live in Provo (the heart of Mormonism), and don't mind attending my local ward as there's a lot to learn there (compared to sitting in silence with Friends for two hours). 

He pointed me to read some scripture (Book of Mormon, mainly), and reach out to some missionaries, both of which I'll do. I probably won't accept what I'm taught, but I can still find spiritual use and strengthening in the lessons I'm given. 

  




 http://quakerspeak.com

Really awesome videos and lessons that can apply to any denomination.  




 Talked with the Mormon bishop of my local wars about my issues of faith. He was very supportive and made some suggestions (some helpful, some not). I was glad I could talk with him though.   




 I comment on the attractiveness of celebrities from time to time. It's common to do in my culture (American).  




 YES. GET OUT YOU DIRTY COMMIE 




 I think you might be seeing "LDS RULES" instead of "LDS ONLY", or at least that's what I see a lot of. If that's the case, all that means is no drinking, smoking, or sex in your living space.  




 So? Does that change the site in anyway? 




 If you search some things like bar, music, food, visiting, etc, into the search bar you'll get a lot of recent suggestions from recent threads!  




 Explain that to them and let them know, see what they have to say.  




 I prefer drinking spirits rather than eating them... 




 Because my last relationship was LDR, we mainly used Skype. Our texts were a few day planning when we should video chat.   




 I saw my church crush again at a church social thing. Still getting ready to ask her out. Not sure how to go about it though. 

I know my church is also offering dating classes for men, so I'll be taking that up as soon as I can.  




 You're supposed to wait until you're thirty so you turn into a wizard.  




 Students.  




 Dude, NSFW 




 Yankees. 

I'm sorry, it just wouldn't work.  




 Seconded. I've never heard of them before, and never saw them with him. 

Regardless, may he rest easy.  




 Got drinks with my blind friend. Always jealous at how much more brazen he is at bars than me. He makes a good wingman though :) 




 My go to is similar: 

*There's an event Monday night at 8. You down?*

Works much better in my experience.   




 Don't forget to drunk the sorrows away  




 NSFW, yo 




 I want one please  




 I remember reading it there. The story was scary then, and is still scary now.  




 They've been busy for a long time! ;) 




 Well let us know! 




 Can't think of anything. Nothing in freemasonry refers to women (MOM).  




 I have a few, all back in my home city of Boston. Not many out where I am now though.  




 Because I just had nose surgery. Gosh.  




 So then which of the things listed by Kaplan are correct? Which ones did the anarchists actually do? 




 Tour guide! In a city I was a tour guide in, all that was needed was twenty bucks and the passing of a quiz (which had the same questions every year), and viola, I as an official tour guide for Salem, Massachusetts!  




 Perhaps they're sympathetic? Or banning them would cause problems for relations with a country (like the US)? 




 You just stop filling. Be careful though; you don't want to miss out on getting your taxes back if you qualify.  




 Is he wrong?  




 Got two job offers today. Feeling pretty goooood 




 Of all the ones I did, they were gauging my attitude as a person, as my jobs were customer service related. 




 Sometimes a job will require a specific topic. For example, an application to intern as a teacher a school near me required an essay about what I thought about America.  




 I don't know if they battle, but Provo has some rap groups playing at Valour a lot.   




 Update? 




 If that's true, nothing written there relates to Freemasonry. So that's odd. 

Source: Am a Mason  




 People are already required to use DMV services, so turning a profit from that shouldn't be hard.  




 Hey, they got it pretty right with Quaker theology. The Truth always comes, thus unity, thus progress. It's why our meetings are leaderless! 




 Is it for sale? I have $4 




 I had someone tell me New England had no mountains. I preceded to show them an entire album of me climbing mountains in New Hampshire and Maine. Their face was one of confusion. It's weird how ignorant people can be, 




 Their sub, their rules? 




 If a veteran is homeless the federal government (the VA specifically) will step in and assist via Support Services for Veterans and Families. And plenty of other Veteran Service Organisations (VSOs) aid in the same way. 




 I noticed that too...need any grunt work done or any other kind of help?  




 I met a girl who worker for them doing customer service. She liked it.  




 Have fun!  




 Anyone who makes bank 




 Seconded. Saw them live a few months ago. Absolutely fantastic and hilarious.  




 Japan has had a lot of Prime Ministers over the past few years because they resign constantly.  




 Surrender.  




 Okay, dad.  




 21 year old Bostonian living in Utah, currently working for the Red Cross. 

For my historiography class, I chose to do research on Nixon's visit to China after watching an opera on TV called "Nixon In China". Since then, I've been fascinated by Sino-US relations, and beyond that, everything China does in the game of international politics. 

On a side note, one of the coolest things I ever got to see was the China exhibit at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library in California. There were a lot of cool things on display there.  




 Albert Camus' *The Fall*. It'd be way too hard. 




 I liked *The Essence of Shinto: Japan's Spiritual Heart* by Motohisa Yamakage. Very easy read, very informative. 




 I read *The Last Town on Earth* by Thomas Mullen while it was raining for a week straight. Fit the mood well.  




 [Like this](http://static.caloriecount.about.com/images/medium/oscar-mayer-hot-dogs-60464.jpg) 




 I'll read the news or watch local access programming.   




 Do only what is honest. If you feel like you can accept the things she (and other Christians) teach you, then go forward. But if you can not, let that be known. Show her through reading scripture with her, and praying with her, and so on. 




