 We moved to Japan and he became extremely matted during the transport. 




 House wife for now. Haha! I will get a job here in a few months after we are all settled. 




 Ommigosh!!! This is the cutest thing!!!  I love it!!! 




 She's gorgeous!!! 




 My other cat has been hissing at him too... I feel so bad for him. He has no idea why. 




 :) 




 My husband is. 




 Yes! We were able to quarantine him before we moved in home for 180 days. 




 I had to guarantee no interaction with other animals. Being indoor only, that wasn't a problem. 




 Haha! Awesome! 




 It's is fairly expensive and there is a lot that must be done before Japan will allow them into the country. There's also a 180 day quarantine period which can be done before you import them. I brought 2 cats and cost around $700. Some people go into the thousands depending on how they are transporting them and what vet they go to. 




 We had to have 2 rabies vaccinations done 30 days apart and then a FAVN blood test. His quarantine started from the day the blood test was done and can be started 180 days before entering the country. We then had to get approval from the Japanese government. He was checked by a quarantine official immediately upon entering the country and before going through customs. It is a very difficult and expensive process. We actually brought 2 cats with us. 




 Oklahoma. 




 We relocated because of my husband's job. 




 I moved to Okinawa, Japan last week... It's mid 60's-70's here and he's indoor only. His fur became extremely matted during transport. I would not have shaved him unless it was necessary. 




 Here is a before pic... http://i.imgur.com/qRXHyjV.jpg 




 Here you go... http://i.imgur.com/qRXHyjV.jpg and http://i.imgur.com/w7Fhtg4.jpg 




 Several people already have... I can't wait to see how it turns out!! 




 He really likes to take showers... He used to jump in every morning with my son and I had to occasionally cut mats out, this was really bad though. 




 It's perfect! Thank you!!! 




 It's his fuhpa... 




 I had to check him. He is (was) 15lbs and his carrier was too large for in cabin. He seemed to do pretty well considering, other than the matting.  




 I took him to a groomer. He is very calm and docile.  




 We just moved to Okinawa, Japan... It's in the mid 60's-70's here. He's also indoor only. 




 Sure!
http://i.imgur.com/mbOm27m.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/McYq0s3.jpg 




