 Try it. 









 Your photography is sick. It's great to see you reach out to your fans like this. Rock on, man! 




 WAS GETTING CAUGHT PART OF YOUR PLAN? 




 Thanks for that. Exactly what I've been thinking every time I go back to this. 

I noticed you've got a track up too. I'll check it out in a bit! 




 Do you mean the delivery itself, or the effects put on it? I'll be honest; back when I did this, it was the first time I ever did vocals on one of my tracks, so I've got a lot of work to do there.  




 [MCON - Dogs of War](https://soundcloud.com/maazcon/dogs-of-war) 

This is the first and only full song I've completed so far. I'd love some feedback from you guys on it while I'm working on newer tracks. Just hearing what others think helps me out. 




 It's got an amazing drumline, man. I think it'd sound incredible if you highered your bass when the vocals hit. 




 I'm really feeling the sample. Try toning it down just a bit though, so your drums can get heard more clearly! 




 Naw you good brotha 




 Star Wars is actually coming out in December of that year. BvS's competition would most likely be The Avengers and Jurassic World. 




 Hey, guys. I'm the original artist behind the picture. I'm still building a website to put my full portfolio, so I don't exactly have one yet, but you can check out my [Instagram](http://instagram.com/maazcon) for now. 

I didn't realize this was getting posted in other subreddits until now. It's awesome to see it get this much feedback. I'll be back with more. Thank you guys! 




 You guys are awesome. Don't think i forgot to answer the rest of you; I'll be back soon. Thanks so much for the feedback! 




 I've got a it at a higher resolution on the website. I still can't guarantee it'll be the best quality because the source image had to be more blown up, but It shouldn't have any artifacts. I put up the [print of it here](http://i.imgur.com/mlueCDW.jpg) so you can test it out before going for it. If anyone's a bit uneasy about this, I'd say to check that link because it's the size for the poster. And if anyone has tips on correcting anything, then tell me as soon as possible because I can update the site before anything ships if it's soon enough. Thanks! 




 Year Zero was all that was playing in my head while making this. 




 Just put it up on Society6. This is the only way I have so far for selling artwork, so I'm sorry if the prices are a bit high. If anyone knows about a better way to distribute prints, please let me know. 

http://society6.com/maazcon/the-airstrike_print#1=45 




 No way? I literally just titled my last piece "The Radiator" ten minutes ago. 

That's a really cool way to look at it. It reminds me of the way the camera messes up at the [end of this clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRCR6onaASU). 




 I do if people ask!

I have a [shop up on society6.com](http://society6.com/maazcon) where I sell a few, but I can't speak for how good it'll come out since I don't make the prints myself. The prices there are also a bit on the high end so I'm sorry for that in advance. 

If anyone knows a better way to distribute prints, then please let me know.  But until then, I'll be putting the artwork up there as soon as it's ready! 




 I do this thing where I take a picture of something mundane and try making something out of it. Whatever I've got in my head at the point, I try making it look like that. So this one started off as a picture of a telephone pole outside my house. And for me it ended as the view of a city under attack. 

But you probably saw something different, and that doesn't make you understand this any less! I'd rather you saw it your own way, because that's just awesome to think about. 




 It makes me happy that this got to be the exception! Thanks, buddy. 




 NAW YOU FUCKING MAGNIFICENT. 




 This one's by me. I'm still working on a website for a portfolio, so I don't really have a page I put my work up on. The closest thing I can give is my [Instagram](http://instagram.com/maazcon) feed for now.

I'm really glad you like it!  









 Let it go with this one, man. There's an entire army of users like him who raid these posts to spread bullshit like that. It's why the top comments are all just people trying to say that the civilians and their children were asking for it.
 




 **THE EMPIRE** 




 Absolutely! I've had most of my work on there up for about a year now. It won't go away. 




 Thanks for that. I'm really glad that these are being received so well! It started off as procrastinating from studying and now I just want to make more.  




 Now I just feel guilty. First time I played that game I gave in.. 














 His stuff was mainly what I was going through while doing this. I was trying to give it mix of her style with Yoji Shinkawa's.  




 Would you mind sharing a screenshot? I want to see how it looks!

Thanks for the feedback on it! 




 Hey! I just tried uploading it right now, but minus restricts the upload size to 15 MB. Mine was at 19 MB, which was just shy of Imgur's 20. 

I did put it up on my Google Drive, though, if you want to download the original! 

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7e3dIf4j0UgZlprTk9XN1k4N0E/edit?usp=sharing 




 Yup! [Here's the link to this one.](http://society6.com/maazcon/tactical-espionage-action_print#1=45)

Just a note: I'm not really in the business of selling work right now; I usually put my work up if someone requests to buy it. Problem is that I currently don't have my own way to sell them, so I use Society6. If there's anyone out there that knows a more accessible way to  sell these prints, please let me know.

For now, I hope this way works out fine! 




 I'll get you a nexus sized one in just a bit!  




 You have no idea how happy I got from reading that! I was trying to make it look like a Criterion Collection cover. 




  Yellow/Green tint

 Trent Reznor

 Movie title in Futura Font

Fincherness: 10/10 














 The year is 2014. I'll call it Porschey. 




 SHOTS FIRED SHOTS FIRED 




 ART is love, ART is life. 




 SHIT SON TWO GOALS IN FIVE MINUTES

edit: multitasking 




 Hey, man. Please send me a message. I want know more about you. Let's talk.  




 The scene with the Inferi deserved that PG-13 rating more than almost anything in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. 









 I was in Mecca recently, at the shops outside Masjid al Haram. There's guards posted up there outside the entrance to every building. Each of them just have a stern posture that makes them seem as unapproachable as any stereotypical guard you might think of. 

I'm walking past and see a frail old man walking up to the one of the mall's entrances. The guard there immediately broke his stance and smiled at the old man as he passed by. He smiled back. Not that big of a deal, but seeing respect like that made my day. 




 not with that attitude 




 I think you need to relax a bit. I posted this as a warning to be careful because of things like this, and not to rely on Sony if you screw up because they won't help you at all.

Go back and show me where I put the blame on Sony for any of this, because you're the one twisting my words up here.  




 I made sure to look up everything about the phone when it came to its warranty. Xperia phones have an international warranty, as long as you have a proof of purchase of the phone from the country it was sold in. 

What happened here was that my phone was shipped from the factory itself, and any phone that comes out of the factory and not from a Sony store is absolutely void of any warranty. Normally you'd be right here, but my phone has no warranty even in the country in which it was sold. 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/9wxz6Q2.jpg

Here's the best picture I could get of it. It comes off completely clean. I think the port was glued to it with an adhesive. There's no damage done to any of the parts.  




 It does have an international warranty. As long as you have the proof of purchase and what country the phone's originally from, the warranty still runs.  The problem is that my phone ended up being one of the phones that was shipped directly from a Sony factory instead of a Sony store. In the representative's words, the factory models come without any warranty. 

But the TLW you linked seems like it should apply here regardless. I'll try contacting them again and bring it up.  




 This entire ordeal really made me appreciate whenever I've dealt with Apple. I've had iPods replaced free of charge even if they were a bit past their warranty expiration. Sending a device in for a diagnostic didn't mean paying a fee, either.

Sony's got great phones, but it won't gain any new customers with support like this.  




 I recently purchased a Z1 Compact online from the US, since it isn't sold here. I bought it brand new from a seller through Newegg.com, and after using it for two months, the magnetic charging port got pulled out by the charging dock itself. 

Now, I've already been taking extra caution with my phone; dealing with overseas shipping for repairs or replacements would be another hassle on its own. This phone hasn't had a scratch on it since I've gotten it, and of all things that ended up defective, it was the magnetic charging port.

I called technical support, and I was told that my phone had no warranty at all after giving the IMEI number because it was from a Hong Kong factory. I've searched everywhere online for this policy, and I haven't found anything about it. I was told to send it in for an evaluation (with a $25 fee) to figure out how much it would cost to repair it.

When I asked the rep if there's any way at all for a Sony center in the US to help me out with repairing the phone, her response was:

"That is actually something that we don't (but should) have access to. Sony has not compiled a map or even a list of authorised locations for Sony Repair."

The Z1 Compact is a great phone, but the sad reality is that owning one in the US means you'll barely have support for it at all. There's a lot of people out there that want to buy the Z2, as well, so I just wanted to give this as a warning: wherever you buy it from, make sure it's coming officially through Sony. They're incredibly strict as it is when it comes to warranty, and if you're not covered, you're going to end up paying for everything.

And if you do get it from a reseller online, most of them offer their own warranties hat cover accidental damage, as well. BUY THE COVERAGE. Now that I'm finding out my Z1 Compact has absolutely no warranty from Sony at all, I'm regretting not getting the reseller's coverage while I had the chance.

**TL;DR: If you're in the US, be careful when buying an Xperia Z1/Compact/Z2 from overseas. Get any third-party warranty coverage if you can. Don't ever rely on Sony for warranty support, and put a case on that phone as soon as you get it.** 




 RUN EVERYBODY RUN MONSTER 




 I think the men who have their lives for the city in this gunfight amount for something.  




 One look at this guy's [submission history](http://www.reddit.com/user/LongDongFuk/submitted/?sort=top#page=2) is enough.  




