 The NI ban is heading for a [Judicial Review](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/26/northern-ireland-gay-marriage-ban-first-uk-civil-partners-win-judicial-review) so I imagine it will end up happening the same way as it did in the US. 

The last assembly vote was 47/49 against with four SDLP members failing to vote despite the whip. After the Irish referendum minds will have been changed - as I said its a question of when not if. 




 Aside from Keke Rosberg (far from mediocre) who won only because the other contenders died racing, can you point me to these mediocre drivers that have won the WDC? 

Looking through [the list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Formula_One_World_Drivers'_Champions) I can't see a single one. 

Edit: Pironi was appallingly injured, Villeneuve died. 




 The most dominant car/driver combos in F1 history (in order of percentage of victories in a season). Your point stands as this only looks at car/driver rather than teams - but its interesting non-the-less:-

- Ascari's 1953 Ferrari 500 (75%); 

- Schumacher's 2004 F2004 (72%); 

- Jim Clark's 1963 Lotus 25 (70%);

- Vettel's 2013 RB9 (68%);

- Fangio's 1954 Maserati 250F A6GCM (66%);

- Schumacher's 2002 F2002 (64%);

- Jim Clark's 1965 Lotus 33 (60%);

- Vettel's 2011 RB7 and Hamilton's 2014 W05 (57.89%);

- Fangio's 1955 Mercedes W196 (57.18%).
 









 They have had several close votes in parliament, but the executive has decided not to press ahead with legislation, mainly because they really do have much [bigger problems](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jun/02/northern-ireland-crisis-talks-fail-resolve-stand-off-welfare-reforms) to deal with at the moment. But there is a majority in the assembly for same-sex marriage so it isn't a question of if, but when. 




 If you want split hairs about the status in the UK then have your claim, its wrong, and all but a small amount of the population have access to same sex marriage, but there you go. 









 It didn't. We've had civil partnerships nationwide since 2004, same sex marriage in England and Wales since 2013, Scotland and the Pitcairn Islands since 2014. The only laggard is Northern Ireland where same sex marriages in performed in the rest of the UK are treated as Civil Partnerships.

Also notable that it didn't take the UK Supreme Court to decide the issue, our democracy (mostly) did its job. 




 I didn't realise it was them - I could never get a good enough look at the logo without attracting unwanted attention. Have they rebranded? 














 No. The type of leaflets and magazines they hand out are.

There are so many people involved, and the quality of the leaflets is quite high, I've been wondering where the funding is coming from. 




 Is it me or does there seem to be some kind of Christian Fundamentalists outside every London train station during rush hour? 

The two who stand outside my local station sing (not very well) - not the most conducive addition to the morning commute 
























 People simply aren't that original. Examine any online password dump and you'll discover that much. 




 Personally I see this tension as the core of the issue. 

There are groups that want to view marriage as a purely religious construct and therefore their rejection of LGBQT marriage or anything associated with it is a matter of personal freedom of choice and therefore protected - but that simply isn't the case and it hasn't been for a very long time because of the depth of legal status of marriage in national and international law. 

Attempting to limit access to marriage denies fundamental freedoms to LGBQT people - freedoms so fundamental that most people barely think of them or realise that they're even there until they don't have them.

Ultimately everyone is free to accept or reject LGBQT marriage in their personal lives, but they don't' have the right to impose their beliefs on other people in society and thereby limit other's freedoms for no good reason. 

Why wouldn't a baker, for example, that doesn't wish to service LGBQT couples simply put a sign in their shop window to that effect? This would save everyone embarrassment! The reason is that they know that such a sign would hurt their business even among the straight community - in other words they *know* that there is a difference between their personal beliefs and the functionality of their work.

On the company issue, I don't have a problem with your position and I don't think it's bigoted, but I do think it's unrealistic. Can we really live in a society where the personal religious views of a company's CEO affect *your* partner's ability to receive part of *your* pension should you die? Equally if that is the standard then why couldn't a company turn around and refuse to pay survivor benefits to anyone regardless of their sexuality - these things cut both ways. 




  Your MP is someone who will steadily sacrifice all individual rights in an effort to defeat invincible encryption.

This is cynicism. You failed to even attempt to understand this person's perfectly reasonable position and dismissed it out of hand. I don't agree with her position, but I at least recognise it as accurate from a statist standpoint.

I say this as a 20 year IT veteran. *There is no privacy* the idea that there was at some stage some kind of privacy in our lives was a construct based on security by obscurity i.e. government and private enterprise was in possession of much data in paper or quasi-digital form but lacked the tools to centralise, regurgitate and mine the data in a meaningful way - obviously that has changed significantly.

Recently a security firm went out in Victoria Street in London and asked people for their passwords and email addresses in return for a free coffee or a chocolate bar - 78% of respondents provided those details - that is how little people care about their own privacy, security, and that of their employer. 









 Is there a real need to be cynical about her response? While I don't agree with what she has to say her position is reasonable and any party in power, or with designs on power, would hold exactly that position given the security briefings they receive and the diffuse nature of the threat. 
























 Its a very big thing indeed - its all very well for people to argue that marriage is a religious status alone but that simply isn't the case in modern society - so many of our legal systems and international laws are built on conveying rights via the simple term 'marriage' that those without the ability to marry are quickly deprived of basic rights by simply stepping over an international border.

Survivor benefits could indeed be conveyed by contracts but there are a couple of big problems with that. Firstly it's within the discretion of the company - Apple will pay out, Hobby Lobby won't. Secondly when it comes to insurance its a matter of the legal term - legally they're only required to recognise the status of certain relationships and without a change in the law that doesn't happen because it would increase costs - this leads to LGBQT people paying more for certain kinds of insurance and having to have specially drawn up wills etcetera.

 




 Yes to the former. The term 'marriage' is codified into so many international laws, treaties and intra-legal system recognition agreements that LGBQT couples literally need to be in something called a 'marriage' to obtain basic rights when travelling or moving overseas.

To be clear a same-sex couple with a civil partnership conducted in the UK could not emigrate to Canada as a married couple because the UK law isn't recognised there. If the same couple were travelling in Canada and were in a serious accident the partners would be unable to make medical decisions for one and other, and in some cases their family (if they disapprove of the marriage) may seek to prevent one from even seeing the other (sadly this has happened).

Re:survivor benefits - if your marriage isn't recognised you wouldn't be able to obtain life insurance payouts, death benefits from an employer, pension payouts etc. This leaves the surviving partners in a very tricky financial position. 
























 I think 'came out in favor' is a bit strong, they punted - hemming and hawing, until it was clear which way the wind was blowing. Nikki Haley showed more leadership than every single one of them put together! 

Have to say its also very convenient for everyone that the zeitgeist was about the flag and not the dead bodies or racist militias. 




 I'm aware of the irony but on level I'd rather pay into a system I do believe in even if it is, relatively speaking, expensive. I get far more value out of R4 alone than 12 quid a month could buy elsewhere. 




 Personally I only pay the licence fee for Radio 4 as I don't watch TV at all anymore. 

I'd happily pay a separate licence fee just for radio. 




 Done. 




 The flip-flopping on the flag issue was so huge that you could hear the floundering splashes of the GOP candidates from England!

I agree on the marriage issue but punting it to the states is the classic get out clause. In world where married persons need their marriage to be legal and valid when they cross international borders and partner benefits can mean survival is that Libertarian position tenable? 




 If anyone is able to identify the buttons and controls visible I would be very grateful. /r/formula1/ also wonders if that is an early sequential shift or manual 'H' configuration with the gate removed for fast shifting. 









 It is. But...

Here in the UK Churchill (a lion of the right wing) didn't consider the NHS or Welfare State Socialist, and wrote as much. That's not a position that a modern Conservative in England would recognise. Our right has drifted further right in some policy areas to the point that in policy terms, thanks to inertia, there is no recognisably left or centrist party - I'm beginning to wonder if left/right is even a useful distinction.

In the US the GOP has gone *so* far right/authoritarian that it's practically a fringe party - but the Democrats are, as a function of that drift, being pulled further right in order to hold their electoral coalition together. So Obama's Democratic party are essentially occupying the same economic space as Reagan albeit with a much more liberal view of society and individual freedoms.

I don't know if this is a good or a bad thing to be honest with you. 




  galvanise them like crazy

Wild ride for sure, but these decisions combined with the confederate flag issue just force almost all the GOP candidates into the ideologically pure far/fringe right.

I can't see a GOP candidate being taken seriously in the general with any of the positions these guys are taking. 




 I'm curious why the liberal side of the court limit the ramifications of their decisions this way. Is there a strategy to the method i.e. they are doing it to satisfy a particular justice's preference, or limiting the usefulness of the president in future cases? 




 Big win! With the distribution of subsidies in the tax code any future president could have wrecked the law easily. Thanks to this decision, which specifically says the tax rule was not required, the Republicans are completely done and cooked - they can't attack the law even if they win the presidency. 




 Oil / brake fluid maybe?

I imagine it must have been pretty hot in there! 









 Renault takes a stake, perhaps the 25% it sold recently, the team work through the Mercedes contract and take the Renault PU when its ready. 




 Ok, show me the evidence in token spending rate that the problem is actually the freeze (this year there is no freeze) The teams are free to spend their tokens as they like right now, yet they are not doing so... 




 - Its a democratically accountable team led sport and has been since Red Bull broke up FOTA.

- The role you've outlined for FOM is exactly what it does already. 

- The role you've outlined for FIA is exactly what it does already.

- The sport tried the arrangement you're suggesting and it was a disaster.

The only problem F1 has is that the teams cannot work together and can't agree on anything - and that has been the case since 1950.

F1 really only works when the FIA and FOM are aligned - Bernie then brings the teams together by fair means or fowl. 









 Mercedes made an offer of a deal on the 5th engine, the other teams did not agree with the terms, and therefore Mercedes would not vote for a fifth engine. *This is how governance by committee works*.

We had a FISA dictatorship, that lead to the foundation of FOCA and the FOCA/FISA war, the formation of the FIA, and that is what propelled Bernie into the position he holds today. 









 The strategy group **is** composed of the teams, FOM, and the FIA. 

All that notwithstanding the 'golden eras' of F1 that the fans in this sub seem to lionise are all eras when F1 was a dictatorship. 









 Its the same every time the engine formula changes, it just takes a while for everyone to catch up, and we had great racing last year in any case. 

Everyone is complaining about the engine regs, but, looking at the rate of token spend, the problems Renault and Honda have are way more fundamental than even unlimited development could fix. They can't make the systems they have work.

Also F1 is a business as are the teams. From Mercedes perspective they've invested four years and close to a billion dollars on that car - how is it then fair to ask them to basically cease their development and allow the other teams to catch up? 




 I don't think that, given the circumstances, this was an option. Whatever actually happened it was clear that trust had evaporated between Alonso and the team. Equally, with Kimi, it wasn't clear that his driving was a real problem for the team last year given the dog of a car they had produced for him. 




 If you look at Austria even the Mercs couldn't follow each other such is the dirty air pouring off the car 2 seconds in front. I agree with much of what you say but I think the front wing changes between 2014 - 2015 haven't helped the racing, and therefore engines are not the only problem. 




 Ultimately its a business decision - Raikkonen's performance issues have dragged the team's media coverage into negative territory for two season's straight - drowning out positive coverage of Ferrari's nascent improvement this year and becoming constant distraction for the team.

I say this as a huge Kimi fan who thinks he should have been a three time WDC winner. Kimi is a serious problem for Ferrari. He isn't delivering on track and he's not promoting the team well either - his 'fuck you' approach to media was refreshing when he was delivering in races, now it just looks foolish and unengaged.

Ferrari could get a more consistent driver which would do more for their image and performance elsewhere very easily. Bottas appears to be the obvious choice, IMO it should be Hulkenberg or Ricciardo, but at this point any of them would be better than the present situation (Sadly. Very sadly in fact.) 




 What the Police 'know' and what they can prove to a sufficient degree to make the information public are two very separate things.

Making the information public also makes the suspects scarper quickly. 




 I'd contact your local MP and cc their parliment.uk email on any email communication/complaint with the police. Letters with the portcullis logo on or emails that CC parliamentary addresses tend to focus minds.

Also find out the name of the chief constable and then contact them directly via email cc'ing your MP, the format is usually firstname.surname@domain.name (minus the www). Its surprisingly effective. 




 Yep, the barrier has been there in some form since the advent of colour copiers and printers. 









 But relative to wages (which are 1,418 lower in the North) the problem remains the same. 




 Telegraph and Mail took the same line. 




 No. That was Bernie's point about social media last year - the much derided Rolex comment. The point in plainer language is that engaging socially might be good for fans (and this isn't a reason why we shouldn't do it), but it can't provide the revenue or cashflow needed to operate F1.

Race fees and TV rights make up (50/50) $1.3 billion of F1's 1.6 billion revenue $1 billion of which is distributed to the teams. No amount of advertising or sponsorship on youtube or another streaming model will replace that kind of revenue. 




 Don't forget that the value of those TV rights is 50% of the prize fund that the teams rely on for a large chunk of their income. 



















 In terms of HGV's, buses and coaches we actually already do upgrade the safety features - the regime being implemented for HMO's is actually built on the same framework.

 









 Not quite - HMO standards are about implementing basic personal safety standards in housing, just as crash standards for vehicles are about implementing basic personal safety standards in cars.

 




 I get the point, but applying the argument you're making to cars would suggest that mandating crash standards for vehicles is a bad thing because it increases their price. 














 Totally agree! 




 Mainly to stop negligent landlords from killing people - which happens all too frequently even in this country. 




 I very much doubt that you have any experience or knowledge in the sector given the crass nature of your remarks and total ignorance of the law as it pertains to contracts and housing. 

What I said was that statutory protections for *tenants* would be a good place to start. Statutory Government safety standards for types of rented accommodation are *not* protection *of* tenants *from* landlords any more than the British Standards Kite Mark is protection of the consumer from harm - they concern quality standards and/or safety of product, not individual rights in a dispute. 

The only way a tenant can fight a non-financial, eviction, or semi-financial dispute with a landlord is in the civil courts (you would know this if you knew what you were talking about). I really don't know why the SCC is so important to you - it offers a service to landlords for rent arrears and has little use for tenants.

Anyway this isn't a discussion, you're completely wrong in what you had to say, and saying it with crass embellishments just makes you sound dumb.
 




 HMO works are a result of changing government standards which are enforced locally by the council. 

Actually both the government and the councils are victims of increasing house prices and private sector rents as they have to fund the housing of the poor. 




 Umm, no. I can see you have absolutely no experience of such matters and a poor attitude - 'hand holding' - really? What an ignorant thing to say.

There are standards for HMO's, which in *some* areas have to be licenced and inspected prior to letting, and there are standards for private rented accommodation which *should* be observed but these are *not* statutory protections for the tenant with criminal penalties attached - they concern the council's relationship with the landlord alone and the enforcement is exclusively civil. 

A tenant can complain and environmental health might turn up in 6 months and issue a letter to a private landlord requesting changes and threatening legal action if they don't undertake the prescribed work, but enforcement only takes place for serious multiple breaches and its a ponderous process. This does not affect the contractual relationship between landlord and tenant - it most certainly does not overrule the contract in the slightest which is an entirely separate legal document dealt with mainly by the county courts.

As to the small claims court you cannot take landlord/tenant (act) disputes to it, as it deals with money alone. You can pursue debts that way so it's of little use to tenants but very popular with landlords. 




 Not at all, if you know a little of computers and cars, the article is completely correct. It's distressingly easy to hack into cars - it has been for decades - and the problem is only getting worse. 




 Actual statutory rights for tenants (contracts are only worth the opposite parties ability to prosecute the contract in civil court), and a legal service that resolves landlord/ tenant disputes without dragging them through the county courts for years at massive expense to both parties would be a good start.

Protection from predatory landlords and letting agents, working environmental health services - the list is endless.  




 I think you can take that view if you wish but [experts in the sector disagree](http://www.propertyreporter.co.uk/property/could-tackling-multiple-home-ownership-assist-housing-crisis.html). In reality multiple home ownership isn't a symptom at all but one of a number of primary causes - lack of house building is another - all of which need intensive action.

We cant keep building to accommodate demand, land is in short supply, particularly in locations where people most want to live. In reality, there is plenty of property, but with some investors owning numerous buy-to-let properties, prices continue to rise making it impossible for first-time buyers to pull together enough deposit to make that first step. (Michael Riley, a former Head of Sales for Savills and Head of Operations for Romans in the Thames Valley) 




 That would be Bangladesh. We are [53rd in the world](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_population_density) by population density. 









 The idea itself is not so fanciful, its basically what we do with a large number of shared ownership properties in the social housing sector - short term tenancies are a disaster for many in generation rent, disrupt social cohesion, and a fix for that problem is badly needed.

And in fact he does get it. There is a housing crisis in this country - private let landlords have benefited and continue to benefit from [14 Billion in tax breaks](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/26/landlords-14bn-tax-breaks-buy-to-let-expansion-mortgage-interest) - they are a group that has grossly profited from their own shrinking of the housing stock which by turns pushed up house prices whilst pushing locals out.

Personally I'd much rather listen to some radical ideas on the topic than the baleful ignorance of Cameron and co whilst they plunder the working poor and disabled. 
































































 Fully paid is a bit of a stretch - there are bursaries available but most nurses don't get anything like their full ride paid for. 

Presently we do train  20k nurses a year, but you're correct retention is a major issue and to be completely honest no one brings their kids up to tolerate the conditions in the health service. 









 You could argue the same thing about any trained profession but, as you say, retention is a huge problem within the NHS because (having half a dozen nurses in the family) many trusts treat nurses extremely poorly, pay is relatively low, and conditions can be dreadful. There is little flexibility so nurses like my sister, despite having the PhD level highly specialised qualifications required for top end intensive care nursing, end up in 9 - 5 desk jobs because the trusts can't think of a better way to handle her having a family.

All that said its also true, from a UK economic perspective, that people who receive degree level training earn far more through their lifetimes than people with lower skills qualifications and contribute more to the economy. So it actually doesn't matter if they stay in the profession the country still benefits economically.

Non degree average starting salaries are  17k compared to  31k for those with a degree. 




 If you think what they're doing in this area of policy is bad you should see the utter balls up Grayling is making of the criminal justice system!

I was hugely disappointed that there was no examination of the coalition's record in government during the election. Health is a mess, immigration, environment, education and criminal justice are very unfunny jokes. 




 There were 20k nursing places last year and over 50k applicants - we have plenty of people who want to be nurses we just don't have the commitment to education needed to train them because its expensive.

In the meantime a temporary solution to fill the skills gap has become the norm. 
























 I wouldn't call it poor at all but it can be a little simplistic. 














 Bernie doesn't own the rights to stream anything, streaming licensing is organised at national broadcaster level e.g. Sky in the UK, RTL in Germany etcetera.

This is why a global streaming solution isn't happening. If FOM wanted to do this they would have to amend the terms of every existing F1 broadcaster contract and/or pay the broadcasters for the privilege of streaming their own race. Even that would only solve half the problem. FOM provides the TV pictures as part of their licensing agreement but it's the broadcasters that own the IP for the commentary and the would have to be paid for that.

50% of the prize fund that the teams get comes to F1 via broadcast rights, so you would also have to be careful not to hurt the teams financially when making the deals to put a streaming solution together.

TL;DR Streaming F1 races has nothing to do with Bernie or FOM because of the way the broadcast licences are organised. 




 Car hit a crowd gathered for an F1 event - many killed sadly. 




 Are his comments on German TV much different than in English? I've always wondered how much not speaking their native language affects what people like Lauda, Alonso and Massa have to say and how they come across in interviews.

Seb's generation obviously grew up speaking English from a young age and his command is amazing - he has colloquialisms, understands and uses sarcasm, tone, inflection etcetera - many other drivers don't seem to have as much depth. With Massa especially I often wonder how much we're missing of what he's really thinking.

*This isn't intended as criticism of anyones English - just an observation.* 




 I love that he's willing to get in the mix be positive and back people, too many of the older drivers seem to spend their time being negative about the current era and questioning if the drivers are any good. 




 I was honestly amazed no one else had posted it!

Thanks due to Ernie Black the F1 poet https://twitter.com/TheF1Poet/status/612249373511143424 














 Basically the safest most conservative strategy that would get the to the end of the race with the maximum result. In essence no stops and as little overtaking as possible with all the work done in quali.

That's really the problem and the reason we have to mix up the rules all the time - to increase the challenge and disrupt the team's data models. 




 All empires do - its simple inertia.  




 I completely see your point, but if there was such a point they would have found it already, we're about where we're going to get with degrading tyres. The real problem is dirty air. 




 Sure it is, but you saw the consequences of too conservative tyre choices in Canada - 1 stop races and long stints. 




 I don't disagree, but that is the way the sport has always been. Fangio's trick was winning at the slowest possible speed. 

Moreover that's not the debate we have i.e. the debate in this sub and among fans is frequently utterly uneducated. All of the things I listed above are allegedly ruining the sport - only that wasn't the case in the 80s or 00s.

The only difference is people are more aware of what the drivers are actually doing. 




 The News summed up: 'Good Morning, here is a list of reasons why it isn't.' 




 You're going to need to explain that one! 









 Yet the sport has been there before and it was profoundly dull! There has never been an era in F1 where drivers were on the limit every lap. 




 Many fans claim the 80s and 00s were golden eras of F1 yet these are periods where tyre and fuel management really was to the fore, third placed drivers were often lapped, a small number of drivers won everything in sight, and the organisation of the sport really was a bi-dictatorship between Bernie and Mosely.

The more people know about what's happening the less happy they seem to be.  




 Some have run the power deficit numbers and say that the chassis is as good as Ferrari's.  














 Even Schumacher didn't care about the records, the top drivers really don't - they just love the racing. 




 When you look at her actual complaints it's quickly clear that the BBC were simply ahead of their time with reporting standards and language control - all of these things can be found in every modern news broadcast. 




 Eurosceptics have been conducting a public campaign against EU membership since 1992, arguing that they haven't had enough time to make their case is ludicrous. 












































 This is presumably why the No camp wanted a separate date from the other elections going on in May next year.  




 In this case we have [tracking data going back to the late 70's](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11617702/poll.html) to back it up. 




 Whilst I agree, by the standard you're applying Cameron wanted the Scots to leave the UK. 

Cameron wanted a straight up or down vote, Labour wanted DevoMax put to a vote, Salmond wanted the out campaign to be 'Yes' and the date. It turned out to be a very profitable deal for Cameron and Salmond. 














 Yes. 





























 Its a pity its yet another proboscis - the Mercedes nose looks far smarter. 




 Because they're human beings. 




 The people who come first on any housing list are those whose need is most urgent - homeless people's need for shelter is vastly more important than my desire to buy a home. 

I have a roof over my head and a warm bed to sleep in, I certainly wouldn't take up any scheme built on the backs of people less fortunate than myself no matter their nationality. 




 Couple of things. For one many EU nationals that end up homeless in London are actually working homeless, they're just too poorly paid to afford housing even 'sheds with beds'. This is symptom of the housing crisis and there is plenty a Mayor of London can do about that.

For another many mayors when facing similar problems create repatriation schemes or stage advertising campaigns in other countries to dissuade people from coming to begin with. 




 I've (and many others) have said it time and again - the benefits to 'ordinary' working class people for free movement of people and more generally an open immigration policy NEEDS to be made.

I think most people especially in this sub, from the way 'ordinary working class' is routinely used, think of the working class as those engaged in un/semi skilled manual or industrial work and forget completely about the working poor. The definition is in fact those without the ability to live on accumulated capital. That includes increasing amounts people especially with the continuing housing crisis and the piles of student debt being accrued. You've got to throw down 5,000 to get a HGV licence these days on top of 2k to learn to drive a car - a near impossibility for many people at 18 no matter if you're working or middle class.

As far a the benefits of freedom of movement go for 'working class' people go, you have to be in a position to move to realise them.

Care workers, oil rig workers, IT workers and the like are all part of the modern working class can, and have, realised benefits by moving overseas where they are better paid or gain better quality of life - but the reality is that if you're on an hourly waged shift work job in a factory in Northampton freedom of movement is only going to put your wages under pressure. The only way to change that is to educate better and ensure access to education and skills training is freely available to all.

 














 75% of the welfare bill is pensions, much of the rest is working tax credits which fill in for employers who want the staff but not the bill. 

Employment benefits are not the problem and never have been (but they are an easy target) - Tory's like to forget this when making an argument about how undeserving the recipients of these benefits are - universal credit will only make the situation less transparent. 









 Indeed. But many UKIP supporters claim that the party is funded by its membership and that it is an anti-establishment party. Nothing could be further from the truth. 




 Nico was done psychologically after Spa last year - any time Hamilton can put him under pressure he cracks like an egg. 




 As you say, it's mostly based on sentiment rather than actual information and a lot of that is media desperation for heroes and villains style stories driven by near complete lack of facts or context.

The good stuff about Europe - the fact that its the only consumer regulatory force in the UK and the only force dealing with anti-trust, appliance energy ratings, tyre ratings, limiting the power of credit card companies, crash standards, road safety almost never gets any kind of coverage - very few even notice it actually comes from the EU. 









 It [isn't](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11617702/poll.html) thats a claim based on one recent poll, and looking at 30 years of tracking data shows it to be a foolish claim. 




 Exactly right - it has been on the BBC London news though. It'll only make the national news if it's very big and something significant happens.

That said they allegedlly ignored [this protest last year](https://tompride.wordpress.com/2014/06/21/bbc-and-press-ignore-massive-demonstration-against-austerity-in-london/), only [they didn't](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-27962963) at all. In fact that march was also reported in the Guardian, Telegraph, and the Independent.

People on the right and the left always claim the BBC is biased against them, if they can't show intentional bias, then its biased by failure to report, or failure to give the story or story angle they see as important enough attention.

IMO it's mostly the bias of the person complaining showing, not the BBC. 









 Its the classic Es*sex* *Anal*ytics problem - filtering is hard. Trying to filter the web is a fools game. 




 Interestingly both Carswell and Hannan were born overseas, both spent most of their childhoods overseas, and both have one Scots parent. 









 - UKIP received 4,376,635 votes at the Euro Elections in 2014, a national scale election, but received 3,881,099 at the general election - a *loss* of 495,536 voters.

- In Thanet Farage received 16,026 votes, Thanet North and Thanet South together cast 28,123 votes for UKIP, but virtually the same area elected a UKIP council with 54,230 votes.

- UKIP was polling at 17% in January but only received 12.6% of the vote.

- UKIP didn't get a poll bounce from the leaders debate, and actually dropped in the polls immediately after the challengers debate.

- UKIP performed poorly in all 12 of its top target seats and was beaten into *third* by Labour in half of them.

- It actually *lost* vote share in four target seats based on its 2010 and 2014 performances: South Basildon and East Thurrock -4.43%, Croydon Central -24.45%, Rochester   Strood -11.6%, Clacton -15.3%

In other words Farage isn't nearly as good of a campaigner as people think, and the major UKIP donor Stuart Wheeler (who paid for the campaign) was correct when he described the election as "a failure". This is the reason why there was a leadership coup following Farage's un-resignation. 




 It doesn't need Farage to polarize it and looking at a list of UKIP donors the party is basically paid for by *The Establishment**. 

Just look at yesterday's shenanigans in the House of Commons. Basically the Eurosceptics can't even agree on the rules amongst themselves let alone with anyone else. We have two years of this nonsense to look forward to and the public are already exhausted by the clap trap spewing forth over the issue.

* UKIPs main donors 2001 - 2013 (total, of which less than two million came from other sources, 9,554,314): Paul Sykes, Stuart Wheeler, Julian Blackwell, Sir John Craven, Lord Neidpath, Viscount Michael Cowdray, Lady Yvonne Vinson, Lady Yvonne Collin, Lord Pearson of Rannoch, Clare Barbour, John Malcolm Richards, Christopher Mills, Robin Birley, Crispin Odey, and Andy Brough. This is basically a list of bankers, brokers and the landed gentry - all of whom are seeking UKIP Peerages. 





























 This is how you advertise you're available in F1! 














 Hahahaha!

The lengths Kippers will go to in denying the facts never cease to amaze.

Its almost like you haven't read the news or followed whats happening in the party. 




 You've had the proof, you just can't acknowledge it. 




 You were done and cooked halfway through the argument - you haven't had a leg to stand on throughout. 




 Give up mate, it wasn't a misquote and you well know it. 

The man is a former Express journalist and the party's communications director - he knew *exactly* what he was doing. The quotes were given in a deliberate interview which included similar attacks from a number of senior UKIP members.

Its very sad that you've allow yourself to become this deluded. 




 At this point in the discussion its up to you to demonstrate I'm wrong about O'Flynn and since I was right about his comments you can't do that so now you're simply denying reality.

You can't accept that the election result was actually a failure for UKIP. 









 Aww what a desperately cute effort. None of the argument I've made rests on the Farage / O'Flynn relationship.

Attempting to suggest that UKIP's GE Campaign Director, MEP, and Director of Communications, a former journalist has no relationship, or hasn't previously been supportive of the party leader is simply ludicrous.  




 Oh dear oh dear, is that the best you can do? What a pity. 




 What an utterly laughable claim you've made there. The man resigned over the attack!

I know kippers tend towards an alternate reality, but this is beyond the pale. 




 O'flynn said:-
[Farage] Had become a "snarling, thin-skinned, aggressive man"

He went on to say

"The team around Nigel himself need to reflect why it was that Thanet voted in a Ukip council but didnt vote in Nigel as the MP for Thanet South."

Similar attacks were made over the leadership un-resignation and GE results by Diane James, Suzanne Evans, Stuart Wheeler and Paul Nuttall.

It is you who don't have your facts straight, and have a somewhat rosy view of the election result. 














 I think you need to read the article and the quote. Wheeler described the campaign as "a failure" in an interview, which I've linked to, in The Times immediately after the election. Patrick OFlynn launched an extraordinary personal attack on Farage at the same time - both over the poor execution of the campaign. Pretending this didn't happen or that Wheeler or O'Flynn don't fit the description of a senior members of UKIP is simply ridiculous.

We're taking the GE as a baseline for two reasons firstly its a comparable national scale election, secondly just about every UKIP shipper on this sub has claimed that the Euro elections were a predictor of UKIP's performance in the GE - they're right. 

Labour's performance in the EU election made it look much more competitive in the GE than was the case. The only pluses from the Labour perspective is that it took every Lab/Con marginal, and the 7 most marginal Tory seats were decided collectively by 900 votes. The very most marginal seat went blue by only 47 votes! The next 20 most marginal seats were collectively decided by less than 10,000 votes. That means the Tories are highly vulnerable - Labour or the LibDems could easily call a by-election in a marginal they hold at the right time and sell it as a referendum on Cameron's leadership.

The whole GE was a great deal closer to a coalition than it looked. 




 Stuart Wheeler is a *very* senior member of the party, one of its longest members, and its largest donor - the UKIP equivalent of Lord Ashcroft. Patrick OFlynn was your campaign director - there are no two people in the party more senior save for Farage himself.

You're under the impression I'm criticising the party or its platform - in actual fact i'm offering an analysis of the result from an electoral standpoint - whine about the electoral system if it makes you feel better but the system we have is the system we have and UKIP must play that game. 

The purpose of an election campaign is to convince voters to vote for you taking the euro election as a baseline UKIP actually lost votes, seats, and saw a 5% drop in national support. 

Bluster all you want but it is the truth - Farage screwed the pooch. 




 Well, obviously you won't accept any criticism of what you perceive to be a major victory and confirmation that your position is well supported and valid. But the electoral truth is somewhat different, UKIP could have scored up to 10 seats, should have in fact looking at the tabs on the exit polls. There were back channel discussions with the Tories on this basis alone.

UKIP left the election red-faced and more importantly powerless.

But when one of your [party's major donors levels](http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/politics/article4440215.ece) an accusation like that at the leader's closest aide and calls for Farage to [face a leadership election](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/14/nigel-farage-facing-a-coup-over-ukip-leadership) because he fluffed the campaign, you would do better to listen rather than reject out of hand.

Edit: The paywalled Times interview above is the one in which Wheeler called the campaign a failure. Wheeler has donated close to 1 million to UKIP meaning he is solely responsible for 1/7th of the party's income since 2012. 




 Kassams detractors accused him of being a divisive Iago-type figure, dripping rightwing poison into Farages ear that harmed the partys chances of winning over moderate voters.

The accusation inside the party mostly exposed in the leadership contra temps post election was that Kassam pushed Farage too far to the right because he wanted a Tea Party Style campaign and this is what cost them the votes they needed to win seats.

Its been very easy for party supporters to blame the electoral system and focus on the national vote (UKIP after all loves grievance), but when you look at UKIP's performance during the campaign there is no doubt that the campaign cost UKIP votes - the polls show that.

UKIP lost a seat it had and should have won, failed in 9 other seats, lost 600k voters who were willing to vote UKIP (the hardest part is getting people to change their vote), and Carswell having received 59% of the vote in 2014 was elected with only 44%.

Thats the internal discussion inside the party - not the national performance, because the national performance doesn't matter in FPTP. 




 Indeed. I was mostly thinking back to the days when I lived on the Gorgie Road near Tynecastle stadium. Behaviour outside the grounds hasn't improved much though. 




