 Wouldn't that have been successfully dealt with if Obama was Hillary's VP for the last eight years, though? 




  yea he was. The reason he went along with Oslo is because Oslo was actually engineered while Bush Sr. was in office.

Yeah, I don't really have as much of a problem with Oslo (which, for the record, I think was necessary) as I do with the lack of response to terrorism that came with it and with the increased expectations for peace which in turn might have helped result in the Second Intifada breaking out after the collapse of the Camp David peace talks in 2000.

Bush I was the first president to begin talks with the PLO. Plus, Oslo was popular in Israel back in the early '90s.

Yes; all of this appears to be correct.

 If you read "Putting People First," which was the Clinton/Gore campaign book, they were actually against a Palestinian state before they came to office.

Understood; for the record, I don't have a problem with a Palestinian state--in fact, I support such a state because it's better than having Israel rule millions of Palestinians. Rather, I have a problem with the way that the Oslo process was handled.

 Also, Clinton treated Netanyahu better than Bush Sr. treated Shamir, or Obama treats Netanyahu, even tho Bibi and Bill weren't as close at Rabin and Bill.

That might be debatable; after all, Obama's actions, as opposed to his words, aren't anti-Israel or even anti-Netanyahu. Indeed, I think that pro-Israel advocates have been too harsh on Obama.

Also, in regards to Netanyahu, didn't Clinton actually send some of his campaign advisers in order to help Ehud Barak's campaign against Netanyahu in 1999? If so, then that's more anti-Netanyahu than anything that Obama has done.

Of course, as a side note, I do think that Netanyahu's stalling in regards to the peace process was more acceptable in the 1990s than it is today. After all, unlike Yasser Arafat, Mahmoud Abbas actually *did* deliver on his promises to stop terrorism (Yes, there is Hamas in Gaza, but Abbas can't do anything about them for obvious logistical reasons). 




  For all we know Obama would have flamed out during this 8 year period.

Why exactly do you think that, though? 














  She'd be centrist because she is already fighting history trying to get a 3rd consecutive term for her party.

OK.

Between 1952 and now, 1988 is the only election when that's happened. While in 2000, Al Gore kind of did the same in that he, like Bush Sr. in 1988, got the largest share of the vote, he 1. didn't make it to the White House, and 2, like Bush in 1988, had a smaller margin of victory (winner minus loser) than his predecessor had the cycle before.

Yes, though it is worth noting that we came close to having the same party win the U.S. Presidency 3+ times in a row in 1960, 1968, 1976, and 2000.

 One of the other reasons she'll be a centrist is because Obama's faced a lot of problems in Congress because his perceived liberalism caused regional issues. Hillary is going to want less north-south division.

Yes, but is she going to be successful in this regard? After all, isn't she already extremely polarizing?

 She also doesn't want to suffer the fate of Bush Sr., who got pushed to the far right on social conservatism by Buchanan, Quayle, and the family values crowd. Hell, in the summer of 1992 (when Perot had left the race), and Bush was still getting owned by Clinton, people wanted him to swap Quayle ("Murphy Brown as a professional woman hurts kids") with Pete Wilson from California. Buchanan's speech at the RNC played a role in the fact they never came close to covering their polling deficit until Perot re-entered and took away change vote.

The thing is, though, that having Hillary be centrist might cause less liberals to go out and vote for her; frankly, I am unsure that she would be able to get enough centrist voters to make up for this vote deficit.

 There's a tendency of voters to move against the party/ideology thats been in power for a long time. Anyone notice how badly Ike beat Stevenson? While Ike was no conservative, he was a move away from what was liberalism back in 1952 and 1956.

Yes, but the Democrats won the White House for *five* consecutive terms between 1932 and 1948 and also had to deal with Korea and corruption in 1952. Thus, 1952 probably isn't a good comparison to either 2016 or 2020. 




 Because they strongly like Western culture? ;) 




  Also I'm not racist.

Sure you aren't. ;) 




 If so, though, then why exactly aren't sailors that smart? 




 What about the seals, though? 




 I agree with you about the latter but I am uncertain about the former. After all, her husband wasn't exactly that pro-Israel back when he was U.S. President. 




  where as the town where I grew up you can probably rent a full house for 1000-1200/month so they can have a much lower minimum wage.

Where exactly did you grow up, though? 



















  Regrets: all things Snowden-related,

Wasn't the Patriot Act recently repealed, though?

Wall Street,

Agreed.

no single payer,

Was singer payer ever actually on the table, though?

we're still in the mideast,

Barely; after all, we withdrew from Iraq in 2011.

copyright,

Care to please elaborate on this?

etc.

Care to please elaborate on this?

Personally I feel pretty betrayed.

Understood. 




  What do you believe would cause Iran to drop its support of Shia proxies in the region?

Regime change in Iran might accomplish this task.

However, don't some of Iran's proxies, such as the Houthis in Yemen, actually have legitimate grievances? 




 The scene about Biggus Dickus from Monty Python's Life of Brian:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K8_jgiNqUc 




 OK; if so, then I apologize for asking this.

Also, out of curiosity, how exactly do you think that a Hillary Clinton Presidency (starting from 2017) would be different from Barack Obama's Presidency (in the 2009 to 2017 time period)? 




 Would this be good enough for you? :

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/hillarys-war-how-conviction-replaced-skepticism-in-libya-intervention/2011/10/28/gIQAhGS7WM_story.html

"During the initial weeks of unrest in Libya, Clinton was among the White House officials clinging to fading hopes that Gaddafi might fall without any help from the West.

From the first armed resistance on Feb. 18 until March 9, the disorganized opposition movement appeared to be on a roll, taking control of Libyan cities from Benghazi to Brega and Misurata on the Mediterranean coast. But in a single, bloody week, Gaddafi loyalists turned rebel gains into a rout, crushing resistance in towns across Libya before marshaling forces for a final drive against Benghazi, the last opposition stronghold." 




 Please let me try finding some and then get back to you on this. :) 









 Understood.

Also, out of curiosity, exactly which U.S. state are you from? 




 As far as I know, though, then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met Mahmoud Jibril (one of the Libyan rebel political leaders) for the first time in mid-March 2011. Before that meeting with Jibril, I think that Hillary Clinton opposed U.S. military intervention in Libya. Rather, it was only after that meeting that Hillary changed her mind in regards to this and helped convince Obama to militarily intervene in Libya. 




 So you ended up changing your mind and voting for Obama? Or did you vote for Clinton and then change your mind and began supporting Obama?

Also, why exactly do you think that a Clinton Presidency (starting from 2017) will be "centrist"? After all, if anything, I think that Clinton will want to continue Obama's legacy. 









 Yeah, I also think that, short of perhaps a partition of South Tyrol, the status quo is probably the best option for South Tyrol. After all, South Tyrol already has many ethnic Italians living there, especially in large cities such as Bolzano. 




 Why the heck would have Obama told Gaddafi to step down if he thought that Gaddafi was winning, though? After all, it would be utterly idiotic to damage one's relations with Gaddafi if one thinks that Gaddafi is going to defeat the Libyan rebels. 









 Gaddafi, not Assad. :)

Anyway, though, apparently the West felt so confident in the Libyan rebels winning that Obama said in late February 2011 that Gaddafi must resign. Do you want me to give you proof of this statement of Obama's? 



















 Because, based on my memories of this, the Libyan rebels were initially successful in February 2011 before Gaddafi's forces began to turn the tide in early March 2011 (or somewhere around there). 




 Well, at least I still have 21 years to buy some popcorn for this occasion. :) 




 For me, at least, it would be this:

http://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/events/other/10/index.shtml

"On 29 July, the Population Division will release the twenty-fourth round of official United Nations population estimates and projections."

Yes, I absolutely love demographics. :) 




 As for me, I was too young to vote in 2008, but I supported Barack Obama in the Democratic primaries that year. While Obama has some flaws, I do not regret my support of him in the 2008 Democratic primaries; after all, in my honest opinion, we needed a break from 20 (or 28, if one includes Bush Sr.'s Vice Presidency) continuous years of Bush-Clinton rule. :) Thanks to Obama defeating Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primaries, we indeed got such a break. :)

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 What exactly is this, though? 




 An extremely hot rock or something along those lines. :( 




 Oh; OK.

Anyway, I think that Bush could have gotten the U.S. Congress to approve of another war if Iraq would have been a quick success. However, I suspect that a part of the reason that Bush invaded Iraq was because he had a personal grudge against Saddam for trying to kill his dad; thus, Bush might not be sufficiently motivated to invade any other countries even if Iraq ended up being a quick success. After all, simply posturing and making himself appear to be a fighter against "evildoers," as well as pointing to his successes in Afghanistan and Iraq, might have been enough for Bush to win re-election in this TL in 2004. 




 I am sorry, but what exactly does WOT stand for? 




 I am curious to hear the personal opinions of South Tyrolese people in regards to this. 




 Also, in regards to Bush, did his administration actually have such a plan? Or was it mere rhetoric on their part (possibly in order to help helping Bush's 2004 re-election campaign)? 




  I'm unaware of any attempted annexations on his par

Well, there does appear to be this annexation attempt on Gaddafi's part:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chadian%E2%80%93Libyan_conflict

"Gaddafi initially intended to annex the Aouzou Strip, the northernmost part of Chad, which he claimed as part of Libya on the grounds of an unratified treaty of the colonial period.[4]" 




 The thing is, though, that I am unsure that Bush would have had a "window of opportunity" to do this before the Arab Spring; after all, as far as I know (AFAIK), the Iraqi insurgency was already gaining steam by December 2003 (which is when Gaddafi actually made the final decision to give up his nuclear weapons program and his WMDs). 




 Thanks for this info. :)

Thus, if France would have turned against Saddam in 2002-2003, do you think that this would have been enough for Saddam to act quickly enough to save his own skin? Or do you think that Saddam would have still gotten overthrown in this scenario? 




 In order to secure Libya's WMDs and nukes?

Also, by sooner, do you mean sooner in 2011, or even before the Arab Spring broke out (and if so, then when exactly)? 




 OK; fair enough, I suppose.

Also, out of curiosity, do you think that NATO would have still militarily intervened against Gaddafi in 2011 if he would have kept his WMDs and his nuclear weapons program in 2003 (and later as well)? 




  Gaddafi on the other hand, as far as I'm aware, didn't have the same desire to be the regional strongman. He wanted to run his country and carry out his own stuff, but wasn't exactly trying to claim himself as a defender of the Arab world (granted he didn't share a border with the eternal enemy like Saddam did). And wasn't as chummy with some of the P5 (since Italy doesn't have a veto) so he would have had more reason to fear the US threats.

Wasn't Gaddafi pretty close with Russia and/or China, though? 




 Frankly, I don't think that Iran will ever give up its sponsorship and support of its Shiite proxies unless it absolutely has to do this. After all, Iran can project its power both through them and by threatening to violate this nuclear deal and to build nuclear weapons. 




 Couldn't Gaddafi have quickly conquered Benghazi and then have quickly rebuilt it with his oil money, though? 




  It's so much more complicated than that... their nuclear program is way down the "what caused Ghaddafi's downfall" list. Internal opposition, sectarian violence, push for reforms, economic instability... there's a long list of bigger factors.

But if Libya would have had missiles which would have been able to carry nuclear weapons or even WMDs in 2011 and which would have been able to hit Britain, France, and/or Italy, then this might have given NATO second thoughts about militarily intervening in favor of the Libyan rebels that year. After all, I don't think that NATO would want to risk having British, French, and/or Italian citizens get killed by Libyan nukes or even by Libyan WMDs. 




  Ghaddafi envisioned an African Union that is not robbed of its resources by others, that solves their problems internally, that has a bigger political impact and is independant from institutions like the world bank, IMF etc. He also believed in socialist ideas and wanted to establish welfare states in other countries much like his own, which was, according to the UN, much more progressive than most East European countries.

OK.

 After the 9/11 attacks Ghaddafi actually wanted to join the war on terror and reached out, he thought he could get international support to get rid of a problem that has been plaguing him ever since, a minority of jihadists in his own country that were constantly interfering with his rule and did not agree with his ideas.

Didn't U.S.-Iran relations also improve during the War on Terror and before Bush's Axis of Evil speech, though?

 Unfortunately he was perceived as a supporter of terrorsim because he was still being hold responsible for the Lockerbie bombing(while it is well known that it was Iran) and other terrorist activities in the 70s and 80s.

OK; that said, though, why exactly do you think that Iran is to blame for the Lockerbie bombing?

 Also the strategy of the US immediately after 9/11 was to invade several North African countries, Lybia among them.

Source, please?

 After invading Afghanistan the US concentrated their effort on Iraq, the country they wanted to invade originally as a consequence of 9/11.

OK.

 At this point Gaddafi saw what the US is willing to do to countries they deem to be supporters of terrorism, that have or are developing WMDs.

OK.

He also understood that without international support his dream of an African Union will never become true. Thats why he approached the international community and offered to dismantle his nuclear program

OK.

that never really gained traction and was pretty much doomed to fail.

Source, please? After all, the impression that I have is that Libya's nuclear program was actually very technically advanced due to the help of the A. Q. Khan network and that Libya's primary weakness as a lack of domestic nuclear expertise.

 He did and subsequently became an ally of the west.

Yes; correct!

 Iran didnt. They never feared a US invasion due to its sheer size and military power. Iran has always been what the US turned Saddam into, a state with a working military that has huge arsenals of WMDs and an entire people that are willing to die fighting invaders, especially the US. They were sure no one would come after them, especially after the massive problems emerging in Iraq and Afghanistan. The US couldnt handle even a single warzone, there was no way that they would ever try and attack Iran.

It is worth noting, though, that Iran *did* halt all of its uranium enrichment between 2003 and 2005; rather, unlike Libya, Iran never gave up its *entire* nuclear program.

 Another thing this made abundantly clear is that you need a nuclear program and nukes to prevent aggressors like Israel and the US from invading your country. I firmly believe Iran will have nukes at some point in time, it doesnt matter if they established their civilian program first, they will get them and rightfully so.

That wasn't that clear in 2003, though; rather, that only became clear in 2011 with Gaddafi's overthrow.

 Nuclear energy is a giant money sink when only used for civilian purposes. Its extremely expensive, other forms of energy production are far more economical, Iran is rich on natural ressources, the risk of having your civilian nuclear power plants bombed by Israel/US is far too high and the question of what to do/where to store depleted fuel rods has not been answered yet.

 A nuclear program in this day and age has only one goal: The Bomb.

Thanks for this info; that said, though, as far as I know, Iran has stopped actively pursuing an actual nuclear weapon in 2003. Rather, after 2003, Iran has apparently only been interested in having the capacity to build a nuclear weapon.

 Iran needs it, Iran gets it. Assad wanted it too, the Israelis bombed his test reactor. Saddam wanted it, the Israelis bombed it.

Do you think that Israel would have been able to likewise effectively bomb Libya if Gaddafi would have insisted on keeping his nuclear weapons program, though?

 They cant do that with Iran. Its too powerful. Not only would their Jets not make it there, the backlash would be severe.

What if Saudi Arabia will help Israel bomb Iran, though? Then would Israel be able to successfully do this?

 As far as Ghaddafi goes: Stopping his nuclear program and the efforts to get nuclear bombs and allying with the west was what ultimately lead to his death.

Yes, you might very well be correct in regards to this.

 In the light of the Arab spring the jihadists thought they could overthrow Ghaddafi and gained a lot of international support. The west dropped his ally who, just months before, had eaten at their table and camped outside UN facilities. They later started a bombing campaign to ensure the victory of the jihadists which in return turned Libya into a Sharia state and established a branch of the IS. Would not have happened with a nuclear armed Libya.

Largely agreed, though I don't think that most of the Libyan rebels are as bad as you make them out to be. 




  I would have to research it, but I remember they did this shortly after US/UK invasion of Iraq as if to say, "Shit, I didn't know you guys were that serious about these things!"

Yes, I think that the Iraq War was a factor in Libya's 2003 disarmament. However, please keep in mind that Iran also temporarily stopped enriching uranium between 2003 and 2005 (perhaps also due to a fear of the U.S.). However, unlike Libya, Iran never gave up its entire nuclear program.

And they dismantled and verified to us, not to the UN, if I remember correctly.

I think that Libya did this because Gaddafi still wanted to keep all of his options open between March 2003 and December 2003; in other words, during this time, while he seriously considered pursuing a rapprochement with the West, he also wanted to have the opportunity to change his mind in regards to this. It was only in December 2003 when Gaddafi made the final decision to give up his nuclear weapons program and his WMDs. In contrast, if Gaddafi would have come to the U.N. rather than only to the U.S. and Britain, then he might not have had the opportunity to change his mind in regards to this later on. Indeed, I seem to recall that the 2003 negotiations between Libya, the U.S., and Britain were kept secret until December 2003, when Gaddafi made the final decision to give up his nuclear weapons program and his WMDs.

 Why didn't Iran? If I had to guess, I'd say Iran was more confident than Libya.

So Iran was less concerned about U.S. military action against it in 2003 than Libya was during this time?

Maybe Libya wanted something from the West and thought it could buy a favor or two with this concession.

Yes, but didn't Iran also want better ties with the West during this time? After all, Iran *did* halt all of its uranium enrichment between 2003 and 2005 (during this time, Iran was negotiating with Britain, France, and Germany over its nuclear program); however, unlike Libya, Iran never gave up its *entire* nuclear program. 




 But if Libya would have had missiles which would have been able to carry nuclear weapons or even WMDs in 2011 and which would have been able to hit Britain, France, and/or Italy, then this might have given NATO second thoughts about militarily intervening in favor of the Libyan rebels that year. After all, I don't think that NATO would want to risk having British, French, and/or Italian citizens get killed by Libyan nukes or even by Libyan WMDs. 




 Yes, but please keep in mind that, as far as I know, even with this nuclear deal, Iran would still retain the capacity to build a nuclear weapon. Thus, if things will ever get desperate for the Iranian Ayatollahs, they would simply be able to violate this deal and to quickly race to build nuclear weapons.

In contrast, as far as I know, Gaddafi gave up his entire nuclear weapons program in 2003. Thus, he had no opportunity to quickly race to build a nuclear weapon when things got very desperate for him in 2011. 




 As far as I know, though, Libya didn't have sanctions on it in 2011; however, this certainly didn't prevent a large part of the Libyan population from rebelling against Gaddafi that year.

Plus, I think that Iran was under much less sanctions in 2009, which in when it experienced large-scale demonstrations against the disputed re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. 




 Yes, but please keep in mind that, as far as I know, even with this nuclear deal, Iran would still retain the capacity to build a nuclear weapon. Thus, if things will ever get desperate for the Iranian Ayatollahs, they would simply be able to violate this deal and to quickly race to build nuclear weapons.

In contrast, as far as I know, Gaddafi gave up his entire nuclear weapons program in 2003. Thus, he had no opportunity to quickly race to build a nuclear weapon when things got very desperate for him in 2011.
 




 Yes, this might be partially correct; however, I also got the impression that Europe and the U.S. miscalculated by initially calling for Gaddafi to resign when it looked like the rebels would win the Libyan civil war without any help. Then, when the tide began to turn in Gaddafi's favor and (I think) Gaddafi threatened to stop selling oil to the West, the West realized that it miscalculated and decided to help the Libyan rebels by implementing a no-fly zone in Libya and by pursuing a bombing campaign in Libya against Gaddafi's forces. 




 That was only after a civil war broke out in Libya, after Britain and France lobbied for U.S. military intervention, and after (I think) Gaddafi threatened to stop selling oil to the West due to the West previously calling on him (Gaddafi) to resign, though. 




 Again, that 2003 "Iran-U.S. grand bargain" claim here appears to be a half-truth:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2013/12/09/kerrys-claim-that-iran-offered-bush-a-nuclear-deal-in-2003/

However, I do agree with you that the Bush blew it by including Iran in the Axis of Evil in 2002. With that speech of his, I think that Bush was trying to increase or at least keep his own popularity at home by portraying himself as a fighter against "evildoers" in the style of FDR and World War II; while this speech (as well as John Bolton's "Beyond the Axis of Evil" speech several months later) might have worked (after all, Bush did win re-election in 2004), it also hurt U.S.-Iranian relations for the next decade. 




 Actually, your 2003 "Iran-U.S. grand bargain" claim here appears to be a half-truth:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2013/12/09/kerrys-claim-that-iran-offered-bush-a-nuclear-deal-in-2003/ 




 Please keep in mind, though, that just like Libya, Iran was also at a perceived risk of enduring U.S. military action in 2003. However, unlike Libya (which gave up its entire nuclear weapons program, as well its WMD stockpiles, to the West), Iran merely stopped uranium enrichment for 1.5 years between 2003 and 2005 but never offered to give up its entire nuclear program. 




 You might very well be correct in regards to this; after all, the impression that I get is that, even before 2003, Gaddafi had already gotten out of the terrorism business by the mid-1990s (but still refused to pay compensation to the Lockerbie victims until 2003); in contrast, Iran still appears to be in the terrorism business even today due to its support and sponsorship of groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas.

Thus, my point here is that, as you said, Libya might have wanted a genuine rapprochement with the West whereas Iran might simply want a modus vivendi with the West. 




 Fair enough, I suppose. 




 Actually, Libya was also a signer of the NPT even before 2003. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 I don't think that Israel has threatened either Libya or Iran, though. 









 Any thoughts on this? 



















 Good luck to you, then! :) 














 Completely agreed. :) 




 That's certainly very interesting! As for me, I don't think that I have ever dreamed in black-and-white. 
























 Any thoughts on this? 




 Yep. ;) 




 Caitlyn Jenner, not Bruce Jenner. :) 














 I think that he died a day after the duel; also, I don't think that he died from poor medical practices. 














 Good! :) After all, it's not like the U.S. embargo on Cuba has produced any positive change(s) there. 














 Thanks for this information. 




 In order to save money, no? 




 Is East Jerusalem genuinely the most valuable chunk of Palestine, though? 




 The problem (from the Israeli perspective) with annexing all of the Palestinian territories, though, is that doing this will very likely ensure that Israel will no longer have a Jewish-majority population. 














 Yes, and? 
























 Great news! :) 




 Yeah; hence my point that not everyone could be a Schindler during the Holocaust even if they wanted to. 




 What about implementing democracy in Iran? After all, the Iranian people give me the impression that they are more ready for democracy than, say, the Egyptian people are. 




 Actually, I think that FDR was an economic liberal back in the 1930s. 




  Because Germany doesn't have double jeopardy laws.

Then Germany should fix that as soon as possible.

They also broadly applied a law to mean the military chef, the guy who washed clothes and the toilet cleaners are all "complicit" in war crimes because they are "essential" the camp (the camp too, not essential to the process of war crimes. Just the camp).

He wasn't actually found guilty of any specific crimes at all.

It's a disgusting political move so they can gain brownie points from their electorates and political lobbies for being the ones to punish a Nazi.

Yeah, you might be correct in regards to this. I mean, I hate Nazis, but if this man didn't know about the Holocaust and whatnot when he joined the Waffen SS, then I don't think that he should be held responsible in any way for it. Plus, in any case, putting someone on trial two or more times for the very same crime seems extremely wrong to me. :( 




  Good question. If the answer is yes, then I suppose that would answer your original question.

I am not so sure about that, though. After all, theoretically speaking, it is possible that some East Jerusalem Arabs want to become Israeli citizens but are afraid to do this as long as the Arab-Israeli conflict is unresolved in order to avoid being shunned by their families, relatives, friends, and acquaintances.

I know some had the option of citizenship when Jerusalem was annexed after the 67 war, but most didn't take it, similar to the Golan Druze.

Yes, that is correct; however, I am unsure that one can automatically conclude from this fact that most East Jerusalem Arabs prefer Palestinian rule over Israeli rule. 




 Wait--he's already been acquitted of these same war crimes? If so, then shouldn't it be illegal to put someone on trial two or more times for the same crime(s)? 




 Out of curiosity, exactly which failed revolution attempts throughout history came the closest to succeeding?

Any thoughts on this? 




 I've got a question--would this fetal tissue only be the property of the women who get abortions? Or would the fathers of these dead fetuses also have a clean to this fetal issue? Completely serious question, for the record. 









 Yes, I am aware that the overwhelming majority of Israeli Arabs are Israeli citizens whereas the overwhelming majority of Palestinian Arabs are not Israeli citizens.

That said, though, can't any East Jerusalem Arab (or at least any East Jerusalem Arab without, say, a criminal record) apply for and receive Israeli citizenship? Serious question, for the record. 




 Also, out of curiosity, if you had to permanently pick right now, would you yourself choose to be an Israeli citizen and to live in Israel or to live in a Palestinian state (assuming that such a state was magically created right now)? 




 Wasn't Ronald Reagan previously a Democrat, though? If so, then people changing their minds and views over time really shouldn't be viewed as being that surprising. 




 Thanks for sharing this info. :) 




 Thanks for clarifying this part.

That said, though, would acquiring Israeli citizenship make life easier for you or not? I am simply curious about this. 




  It would be a powerful lesson, unlike no other. Skinheads might take heed.

Yep. :) However, I don't think that he will be able to give any such lessons while he will be in jail. :( 




 Doesn't Israel also provide you with welfare whenever you need it, though? 




  Sure, that's a legitimate argument to make and should be weighed into factor when answering your question.

Agreed. :)

But everything I said also makes sense too right?

Yes, it does. :)

Either way I'm sure you'll find lots of Arabs who prefer Israeli rule and I'm sure the converse is true that a lot of Arabs don't want to live under Israeli rule, but do so out of basic necessity.

Agreed.

I guess you can say these Arabs have to make a choice between living in good personal economic conditions (filled with discrimination at every level) vs. having freedom but likely way worse economic conditions and poorer social capital.

Agreed.

Basically, I think it boils down to quality of life vs. relative freedom (fair treatment). Different people have different preferences. I personally would choose the freedom route but I can't speak for all Arabs living in Israel.

Agreed; however, it is also worth noting that if Israeli Arabs actually wanted to live in a Palestinian state, then Israel would probably be willing to transfer at least some of its Arab-majority areas to a future Palestinian state in the event of a final Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty. After all, Israel probably wants to become even more Jewish, and what better way to do that than by transferring some Arab-majority areas of Israel to a new Palestinian state? However, I think that many Israeli Arabs themselves protest whenever anyone suggests such a proposal, which in turn might explain why exactly the idea of transferring Arab-majority areas of Israel to a future Palestinian state hasn't been discussed much, if at all, in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. 




  Iran will have the same problem to contend with. and without the oil,

Doesn't Iran have a more talented population than Saudi Arabia has, though? Serious question, for the record.

 and without the oil, why does the US even really care about the Middle East?

Due to Israel, the threat of radical Islam, and the Middle East's strategic location.

 The one exception is Israel, and Saudi Arabia is much closer to the US position on Israel than Iran. Now, if Iran's government were (by revolution or otherwise) willing to forgo arming terrorist groups such as Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hizballah, then I think we would run into the scenario you are describing, and relations between the US and Iran could develop pretty fruitfully at that point.

Frankly, I think that a final Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty is more likely than not to occur by the end of the 2020s (in other words, sometime within the next 15 years). 




 Maybe the Germans are trying to compensate for being too soft in regards to their treatment of ex-Nazis in the first couple of decades after the end of World War II? 




 Didn't Schindler have a lot of money which he could use in his quest to save Jews, though? If so, then it is worth noting that not everyone has the kind of money or the same opportunities that Schindler had. 




 Yep--safe from an imaginary threat. 




 What about if he's still alive in four years' time, though? ;) 




 That statement might be overly general, though. 




 I fucking hate Nazis, but if he didn't know about the SS's atrocities when he joined the SS, then I am unsure that he should be punished for this given his lack of options in regards to this. 




 Yeah--the word "Nazi" sends shivers down my spine whenever I hear it. :( 




 For what it's worth, if the court was going to find Groening guilty (as it did), then a better punishment for him would have probably been for him to be required to teach young Germans about the evils of Nazism. After all, four years in prison might not mean very much for someone of his age (assuming that he will still be alive in four years, that is). 




  Dunno how accurate that one is lol

*Cough, cough* Rob Ford. ;) 




 Canada--our goody, two shoes, little brother! ;) 




 Does this ban apply to cartoon child porn as well or only to actual child porn, though? 




 Before I watched it, I would have probably said either Last Exile or its sequel. :) Seriously. :) 




 What about if Hillary Clinton will win in 2016? 









 Jesus had two daddies; just saying. ;) 




 Wow--this is probably the first time in a long while, if ever, that Angela Merkel said something that I disagree with. :( 




 Look--I am certainly keeping an open mind in regards to this. However, I do think that you forgot one crucial distinction between Israel and Palestine--Israel, in contrast to (the future state of) Palestine, is a wealthy, developed country. Thus, even with all of the discrimination that Israeli Arabs (as in, outside of East Jerusalem) endure, only a minority of them actually wants to live in a Palestinian state or in another Arab country (as opposed to living in Israel). 




 Horny cop alert. ;) 









 Thanks for sharing all of this info. :) 




 With the extremely recent signing of the Iran nuclear deal, what exactly do you think the future of U.S.-Iran relations will be? 

For the record, my own thoughts on this is that U.S.-Iran relations will continue to be pretty cold under the current Iranian Supreme Leader (Ayatollah Ali Khamenei) but possibly become warmer under a future Iranian Supreme Leader (after Khamenei's death). Indeed, I expect a U.S. embassy to open in Tehran in either the 2020s or in the 2030s. 
  
In addition to this, though, Iran and the U.S. will obviously continue cooperating against ISIS, et cetera; after all, both Iran and the U.S. have mutual interests in regards to this. However, even after U.S.-Iran ties will become fully normalized (probably sometime in either the 2020s or in the 2030s, depending on when exactly Khamenei dies and on who exactly succeeds him as Iran's Supreme Leader), I expect the Iranian regime to continue its hostile, anti-American rhetoric at least to some degree due to the fact that, as far as I know, the legitimacy of the Iranian regime appears to depend on such rhetoric from Iran's political leaders and from Iran's military. 

Also, though, once the oil in Arab countries such as Saudi Arabia will begin running out, the U.S. could move even closer to Iran, especially if the Iranian regime will get overthrown by that point in time. After all, as far as I know, the Iranian people are, on average, more pro-American than many Arabs are, and frankly, this could very well remain the case a couple of decades from now or even several decades from now. 

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 Are you yourself a federal employee or a bank employee, though? 




  At their best, which area seems to function better overall in terms of public and emergency services, utilities and shopping and various other aspects of daily life, occupied territory or Palestinian run territory. And if there's a difference does this hold true in Palestinian territory that neighbors occupied areas?

OK, but what exactly would the answer to this question of yours be? 




 Why exactly would we get an extra day off if Jimmy Carter would pass away, though? 




 With the extremely recent signing of the Iran nuclear deal, what exactly do you think the future of U.S.-Iran relations will be? 

For the record, my own thoughts on this is that U.S.-Iran relations will continue to be pretty cold under the current Iranian Supreme Leader (Ayatollah Ali Khamenei) but possibly become warmer under a future Iranian Supreme Leader (after Khamenei's death). Indeed, I expect a U.S. embassy to open in Tehran in either the 2020s or in the 2030s. 
  
In addition to this, though, Iran and the U.S. will obviously continue cooperating against ISIS, et cetera; after all, both Iran and the U.S. have mutual interests in regards to this. However, even after U.S.-Iran ties will become fully normalized (probably sometime in either the 2020s or in the 2030s, depending on when exactly Khamenei dies and on who exactly succeeds him as Iran's Supreme Leader), I expect the Iranian regime to continue its hostile, anti-American rhetoric at least to some degree due to the fact that, as far as I know, the legitimacy of the Iranian regime appears to depend on such rhetoric from Iran's political leaders and from Iran's military. 

Also, though, once the oil in Arab countries such as Saudi Arabia will begin running out, the U.S. could move even closer to Iran, especially if the Iranian regime will get overthrown by that point in time. After all, as far as I know, the Iranian people are, on average, more pro-American than many Arabs are, and frankly, this could very well remain the case a couple of decades from now or even several decades from now. 

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 I have previously read that more of them prefer Israeli rule over Palestinian rule, but I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this data is.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 I have previously read that more of them prefer Israeli rule over Palestinian rule, but I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this data is.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 I have previously read that more of them prefer Israeli rule over Palestinian rule, but I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this data is.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 Thanks for this info. :) 




