 The bodybuilder has Quentin Tarantino's face.
 




 Really? Where? 




 Which was the space opera one?  




 No 




 I am so excited for Heart of the Sea 




 euch what a dumb unfunny thing 




 I imagine just the setting and story of the new movie, but it'll be full of references and homages to the original like the Lego games are so good at. Also since Lego games always have like a million playable characters to unlock I wouldn't be surprised if some older characters turn up. 




 Miho Hatori (at least I think that's the name of the girl singing this song) was also the voice for Noodle in Gorillaz' 19-2000  




 She was so boring and generic and dull as Catwoman  




 This is a joke. This is Ryan Davis of GiantBomb. Very very hilarious fun dude and he is clearly making a very obviously joke here. He died about a year ago unfortunately 




 Who?  




 Not really hidden. 

And more like 4 minutes of various clips as opposed to a full movie. 




 Asked Alex Hutchinson on Twitter and he said [no weapon degradation] (https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 Ah yes I see it! I really hope that is in fact a weapon degradation bar. Although it's strange that it's not also present on your weapon wheel. I'd really love it to be in the game! 




 But the new gameplay demos from Gamescom haven't shown anything like that have they? 




 I've seen many many commenters on here saying things like "since weapon degradation is back..." or "it's good that weapon degradation is back..." but I can't find any interviews or videos saying that this is the case? I'd really love for it to be back just as much as anyone, but it seems like people are assuming without there being any confirmation.

EDIT: Asked Alex Hutchinson on Twitter and he said [no weapon degradation] (https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 I'm no tank expert at all or even anything close, but maybe that's exactly why they're circling it? Trying to out maneuver it and keep moving and firing so it can't destroy them with a single shot? 




 Legitimately one of the funniest movies I've seen, and actually made me really sympathetic and teary-eyed toward the protagonists towards the end. Just so happens to be about terrorists trying to blow up innocent civilians. That's some pretty good writing  




 Jeremy Irons in [Dungeons and Dragons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28snhq40C8o) 




 All the other FarCry games had vehicles in multiplayer. FC3 tried to make the multiplayer serious and overcomplicated and it just felt like a generic COD rip off. In the old FarCry games multiplayer was all about big customized maps and running people down and crashing and silly but simple Battlefield style madness with friends. 




 Most of the military dudes I know don't shut up about how much better they are than 'civvies' for all their sacrifices for their country 




 Not so much caring and honest then  




 I'm pretty sure this is from a movie that came out this year where Robin Williams plays a guy with a terminal disease, so it's not THAT crazy 




 Aren't Slightly Mad already releasing Project Cars this year? 




 California isn't an island  




 So does the first 




 It is in fact supposed to be melted chocolate. Harry gets melted chocolate all over the bathroom after it melts in his pants and Bob Saget mistakes it for shit.  




 Felt especially familiar for me since I lived like 5 minutes away from where that all happened  




 It looks stupid as shit, but I'm a sucker for aliens and Michael Ironside so I'll still see it 




 Do all vehicles that get released in multiplayer dlc get added to singe player too?  




 Hey that lonely white trash is somebody's son  




 "Hes not like Peter Quill. Theres not much humour, I think hes a little more John Wayne than Marty McFly. Hes deadly serious. There are comedic elements in the film, just not coming from my character."

Huh. I don't think I've ever seen Chris Pratt play a character like that. I obviously wasn't expecting a character as funny and wacky as Andy or Starlord, but I certainly wasn't expecting this. I'm interested to see how this goes.

Theres humour but then, from page 25 on, theres not that much to laugh about.

This is also interesting. I'm no expert, but that seems pretty early for things to go wrong. One of my favorite aspects about Jurassic Park was that we got through almost the entire first half of the movie with *pretty much* no dinosaurs or deaths, and I was really hoping to get a good long exploration of the new park and how it works and functions and people interacting with it and how the dinosaurs exist in the park before everything goes bad.

I really can't wait for a trailer because I still feel like I have no solid idea of what the general tone and direction of this movie will be. I'm excited. 




 Looks cool. Any more pics? I love Audis but know nothing about this particular model. Why is it so rare and what's special about it 




 Invasion of the Body Snatchers  




 Jeez that article took a damn long time to get to the point. Basically it's saying we should stop referring to the alien in the Alien franchise as a Xenomorph, since it isn't the real name of the alien, just a vague term they use to describe a life form they haven't documented yet. Well duh. Xenomorph sticks because it's the only name anyone ever gave it and it's better than the Alien alien.  




 this isn't even slightly cringy  




 From the thumbnail I thought it was gonna be a joke with the kid standing on a crack in the pavement 




 I want to be spoiled 




 I suck at math, but if you could guess roughly how many hours he spent running, and estimate what his average running speed would be (probably faster than an average man, maybe mid-tier athlete speed) then you could maybe work it out that way.

I haven't seen the movie in ages but didn't he run for pretty much a whole day straight from when he escaped from the city to where his wife was stranded back at their village, give or take a couple hours. 

I don't think there's any way at all to get a real answer but you could get a rough estimation. 




 Yeah, but out here the geese chase you 




 I'm Australian and I heard it at school all the time as a kid 




 The Counselor, Prometheus, Oceans 13, Bonfire of the Vanities  




 Everything about it was weird and wrong and awkward and desperately unfunny 




 I just finished it on Hard and got all 299 Mudokons, nowhere near under 3 hours of course. Holy crap it's insanely difficult. 

Surprisingly I found it got way way easier once you return to Rupture Farms. Paramonia and Scrabmania were nightmarish ordeals.
 




 "It's BONKERS  weird, weird, weird," one person who saw the film told me. "It made me laugh out loud several times, but not in the ways you might expect. The humor is not so much 'Boogie Nights,' as I think a lot of people are expecting. For reals, it tips into, like, Zucker Bros.-level gags and broad humor."

PTA is one of my favorite directors working today, and I'm really looking forward to this film. But I really hope there's a trailer some time soon so I can figure out what the hell this movie is. 




 I think their current idea is perfect as it works as both. I just hope they pull it off. What I would never want is a remake. 




 Yeah, you can tell from looking at the eyes and mouth that it's just a display sculpture and doesn't have any animatronics or articulation at all 




 I'm loving the lots of enemies and guns and fast paced chaos, but the karate and fatalities sound super dumb  




 Huh. I always thought I was straight. And now this... 




 Young actor? Mark Ruffalo is 46. 2 years older than Peter Falk was when Colombo started. 




 Man, that is the best. Congratulations on what will surely be an insanely awesome wedding. And extra congratulations for having a partner awesome enough to be down with a wedding like this. 




 Either your emcee or your priest better be dressed as Hammond  




 Sounds like a pretty safe bet. 

I just hope the raptors and T-Rex don't get sidelined too much to make room for the D-Rex. I don't mind a new villainous dinosaur for the new movie, but a fictional made up new dinosaur pushing my beloved raptors out of their well deserved screen time is not what I want at all.  




 A petting zoo, walk through aviary and rafting seem like really really bad ideas. 

But at least Jimmy Fallon will be there to make it seem safe and friendly. I hope he talks to Mr. DNA 




 It's also weird that there's two dinosaurs that are so incredibly similar, Baryonyx and Suchomimus, and yet no Dilophosaurus or Corythosaurus or even Brachiosaurus 




 My PS3 is still a better media centre than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 I like this more than the real one 




 That's maybe the strangest thing I've seen on this sub 




 I haven't watched any of The Hobbit films, and this video isn't the best quality, but holy cow everything in this scene looks super fake and cartoony. The fake backdrop, the weird faces, the way the camera floats around all jerky and unnaturally. Then the horse at the end is just absolutely awful. 

Are the whole movies like this? I think this submission is especially bad because these are huge mega budget hollywood films. 




 I always just laughed at this video without ever really bothering to think why she would be doing this, but that's actually really cool 




 Definitely Nedry. Wayne Knight made a lot of sounds just like that a few times on Seinfeld when doing crazy laughs and screams and whatnot. Plus later in the movie when the can is opened there's no loud squeal sound at all.  




 I loved Confessions of a Dangerous Mind 




 Basically, if this game (out on PS4 July 22) sells 250k copies, Abe's Exoddus will be remade in the same fashion. If it sells 500k, a new original Oddworld game will be made to continue the Oddworld pentalogy planned back when the original game was made. 









 Basically, if this game (out on PS4 July 22) sells 250k copies, Abe's Exoddus will be remade in the same fashion. If it sells 500k, a new original Oddworld game will be made to continue the Oddworld pentalogy planned back when the original game was made. 




 great film to watch with mom ;) 




 Is season 10 the last season? 




 This was my first episode 




 This really makes me wish you could buy new property in single player 




 Didn't they tease some crazy awesome sounding project where John Hillcoat was going to make a movie in the Red Dead Redemption engine, and then it just ended up being the first couple cut scenes from the game from different angles or something lame

Might as well put that in the GTA theatre 




 The Hakosuka Skyline is pretty much my favorite car, so the Warrener is really the car I'm most excited about making it into next gen GTA! 




 I haven't played GTA Online at all, I completed GTA 5 on Xbox and was waiting for Online to be working properly before I started playing again but I never did. But I'm still super keen to get GTA 5 when it releases on next gen systems. One of the things I'm really excited about is all the new awesome vehicles and weapons that have been released on GTA Online since launch. 

I was just wondering, will all these new updates be available for use in single player? Do all the new vehicles and weapons currently become available for purchase by Michael/Trevor/Franklin once you've installed the GTA Online updates?

Rockstar had this to say 

"All new content and gameplay created since the launch of Grand Theft Auto Online, including an extensive array of new Jobs, an arsenal of new weapons, scores of new vehicles, new properties and player customizations will also be available for the PlayStation 4 system, Xbox One and PC with much more to come. In addition, the current community of players will have the ability to transfer their Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to their choice of PlayStation 4, Xbox One or PC," 

So if we buy the game on a next gen system of some kind, will all these new things be available for purchase in single player from the start? 




 This really made me want to watch the whole episode. This is so insanely hilarious on so many levels.  




 Wasn't this movie 'finished' and supposed to come out in like 2012? 




 And blackjack. And hookers. 




 There are some fairly big spoilers in this. I wouldn't watch this video if you haven't already seen the film. 




 Well we already know Wu is back  




 The director Gareth Evans said on Twitter that the censored version is only a few frames shorter than his original edit, so this isn't really a big deal at all  




 The Meat Circus in Psychonauts  




 He said that the scene where Carrie showed Doug her asshole blew his mind as a child 




 Wasn't that in Lucky Louie? 




 The exact same cast? 




 In the first movie there are several references to Dwight having a "new face" that makes him hard to recognize. Josh Brolin will be portraying his old face. I wouldn't be surprised if Clive Owen gets a brief cameo at the end  




 Wait, it's THE Hanna Barbera Birdman? I thought it was just a generic bird themed superhero. That's awesome. 




 This movie gets real cheesy and stupidly ridiculous in the second half. Great premise, great cast, terribly over the top and disappointing execution. Pretty entertaining though.  




 Zimbabwe  




 She miscarried from the physical strain of singing? I didn't know that was possible  




 Well as an Australian I know how this feels 




 The first one was fantastic. The rest were pretty bad 




 This is the one game that is making me kind of regret buying a PS4. Forza was the only Microsoft exclusive franchise I ever liked, and Forza Horizon was by far my favorite in the series. I never though they'd make a sequel though. 




 Alpha Dog!  




 This is such a goddamn stupid idea. Well done on the art though. 




 Whatever, this made me really want to watch this show 




 Ah okay. That's pretty cool. I wish The Russo brothers were directing Terminator 5 instead of the Thor 2 guy. Then maybe I'd be excited for it. 




 Weren't the paintball episodes directed by Justin Lin of Fast and Furious 3-6 




 God had to kill Mel Gibson's wife just to deliver him the important message that he should probably hit an attacking alien with a baseball bat.  




 Yeah obviously the cars rotate, otherwise how would the people inside ride them safely  









 I love learning about classic films and discovering the cinema greats, but a lot of them are quite slow or uninteresting to friends and family, so I always have to watch them alone. 

What are some great classics that one could watch with friends and family that will still feel fun and fresh and aren't as 'dated' to people who aren't super into old films? 




 I heard she and Doug Hutchinson broke up. If these crazy kids can't make it what hope do any of us have 




 Is Cretacious Cruise a raft ride along a river? If it is that's a pretty goddamn awesome way to incorporate that reference to the original book! 




 I know there's been a Vice City Stories and Liberty City Stories, and the GTA 4 dlc was Episodes from Liberty City, but had there been a Los Santos Stories?

If this does end up being a new game, and not just someone trademarking the name for whatever other reasons, I wonder if it'll be GTA 4 style dlc or a whole new game like the other City Stories games. Although the GTA 4 dlc was pretty much 2 whole new games anyway. 




 It looks like there's a ghost behind batman  




 Okay, but what's under *that* suit?  




 I'm seeing some very heavy Lee Bermejo influence  




 Animal Kingdom and Chopper are my favourites, and yes The Rover looks awesome. Dirty Deeds is a good funny crime movie, and Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert is another great comedy. Gallipoli is great, and although I haven't seen it, I've heard nothing but good things about The Square. 

But really the most famous Australian classic that everyone loves is Mad Max 




 Oh man I was also at this expo today and took the same exact picture. 
 




 Ugh I can't imagine how pissed and uncomfortable Conan must have been after that. That drummer is a douchenozzle  




 Yeah, definitely. I don't think either of these guys were willing to own up to anything. The conversation just kept going in circles and it was supremely frustrating.  




