




 "lawl" 














 I really want this to be the case :( 














 My girlfriend had a plate too. This is just half the steak (it was a 17oz cut) 




 I highly recommend trying it. It has changed meat for me completely. There are tons of diy ways but I just bought a sous vide machine made by anova culinary: http://anovaculinary.com/  




 Wow you're right it does look way better! 




 here's another dish I posted a while back... I think you may like the plating a little more

http://i.imgur.com/9XOx56o.jpg  




 haha i could have plated it better... it was late and I was starving and just wanted to eat! 




 Here you go:

Seasoned the steak with salt and pepper. Sous Vide with 1 tablespoon butter at 131F for 90 mins, then seared it for 1 minute per side on a really hot grill

Boiled red potatoes, mashed with 10 cloves roasted garlic, salt, pepper, butter, and milk until you reach your desired consistency. I even added the leftover juice from the sous vide bag :)

Zucchini and asparagus were seasoned with salt, pepper, paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, and olive oil. Throw them on a hot grill for about 5-10 minutes, flipping occasionally.

Broccoli rabe was blanched for 1 minute, then sauteed with roasted garlic, salt, pepper, and olive oil. It was my first time trying it, I didn't really like it (tasted kinda like horseradish) 




 Ribeye has always been my favorite. I actually enjoy the fattiness haha 









 Yeah I couldn't justify the extra $100 for an illuminated reticle. I'll probably never be shooting in low light situations  




 Glass is crystal clear, eye relief is about 4 inches I think. Awesome scope tho, highly recommended. It's just enormous, almost 16" with the sunshade on 




 The varmint models come with the 26" heavy barrel. I looked at the Magpul stock too, seems way economical specially since you can add the detachable magazine for not much more money. I just didn't want to wait :) 




 That's always great news, haha.

For now I'm just shooting Federal Gold Medal Match 168gr factory ammo. Once I become more comfortable I may start handloading, but I doubt it'd give me any advantage just yet since I'm still learning. 




 Remington 700 SPS Varmint chambered in 308.

I upgraded the stock to a Bell and Carlson Medalist Tactical/Varmint Style 2. Didn't really like the X-mark pro trigger so I swapped it out with a Timney 512. 

Optic is a Vortex Viper HS-T 6-24x50 SFP with milrad reticle. The mount is a Nightforce one-piece direct mount, 20 MOA.

Lastly is the Harris bipod, 9-13 inch. 

This is my first bolt-action and I'm looking forward to getting to know it and shooting a bunch to work on my accuracy. It will mainly only be used as a target gun. 









 Totally agree, I love that show! 




 Your poems never disappoint!  




 Amazing! 




 You guys are correct... these are udon noodles. Sorry for the mixup  









 Except the vast majority of these kids were Muslim... The motive for this attack wasn't over religious extremism but for retaliation  




 http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/arizona/2014/11/11/mammoth-az-target-of-internet-hoax/18863451/

Good job, reddit... 




