 I got a number one, and it felt really good to eat because I hit my goal weight a while ago. I usually carb load once a week anyways now. I wore the one white shirt I had. It's a little tight tank top that I haven't worn for years. I felt great and I think I looked great too with my little leather cow ears. Ha! 




 Fresh caprese salad. Fresh tomato, basil, mozzarella, cracked pepper and a drizzle of olive oil on top.  




 OMG IT'S PIKACHU DRESSED AS TOTORO!!!!!!!!  




 Can anyone find out how tall he is? I've searched for a while now but I can't find anything. I'm thinking he looks like he's about 5'5"-5'8".  




 dug*...I'm sorry. 




 I've only ever had one carb binge dream, and went I woke up I felt sick. I'd eaten and entire meat lover's pizza, three hotdogs with a bun, and a bunch of cookies. So glad it was a dream. 




 This is probably the most beautiful tourmaline specimen I've ever seen. 




 You have some awesome tools. Thank you for sharing this!  




 It sure is! Good eye! 




 This is super cool! 









 Fantastic! Might I add, you have the 'smolder' down pat. Ha! 




 DAAAAAMN! That's impressive! And I agree with everyone else, the beard should go. You look awesome! Congratulations! 




 Do want!!! 




 My husband bought me a super awesome flashlight. I strap it to my belt at night when I run. I leave the light on so cars can see me. It also has a strobe feature that comes in handy for self defense situations.  




 Aw, he's waving! Hi Satan!!! :D  




 Oh wow, hi! Haha! That sounds like so much work. I haven't shaved my legs in a week (but my leg hair is super fine and blonde too, so it's really hard to see) because I have super sensitive skin and I tend to break out. I tried the veet strips and had welts for over a week. I've never used an epilator before, it sounds painful. 

Anyways, you look amazing and thank you so much for responding to me and for the kind words! :D 




 I love how puppies wiggle when they're really really happy. 




 I love how ridiculously derpy and happy they all look.  




 It makes me sad to know it will get smashed up. Looks like you put a lot of work into it.  




