 Again. You guys rock, or flower. Whatever it is you do here in r/gardening you do it well my friends. I hope to one day be the redditor here giving advice. Your support it awesome. 









 I have no speakers. I saw no fight.
 




 Thanks :) 









 Heres my take: His age. Seen a few wars. His profession, police officer, big bet he had taken place in one of wars. Small, local town has a VFW. Guy probably spends lots of time there with other cops/vets. Doesnt want to end up as a picture on the wall there. 

(edit: VFW are members only, must have served in combat (not just in the military so its like a little club for specific veterans. most old timers that are eligible join the club. its a good organization that takes care of prior and current military members that have served in combat zones)

-or-

The VFW building is adjacent to his cars. If he gets shot "hell end up on the wall at the VFW" as in maybe blood/ body parts, and crap. Thats a stretch though. Go with first 




 i bet youre real fun at parties 




 My dog. So we'll behaved and loyal when I'm around. I'm gone for a minute and he's tearing the god dawn house apart  




 This perfectly sums up the military, Just a big Dog and Pony show. 




 Lol 




 I like the mugshots of the cops. Its that classic look, the "I'm fucked" look. I'm sure theyve seen it plenty of times while conducting their dubious duties! To protect and serve, well now its your time to really serve shit bags! 




 correct. can confirm statement. u/cali_gunner is an absolute idiot
 




 local newspaper reports story. Redditor mocks their attempt, then goes on to bitch about mainstream media. 









 So their's like air and theres helium. and they like displace at a different rate. so the helium comes out at a different pitch compared to reg air. And thats the jist of it. 




 to stop them? Rangers, Game Wardens, etc. If they do kill them without tags then they are poachers.

Im not to sure about how tags work, (ie if you can sell/trade them) but technically someone having multiple tags wouldnt be an issue if they were all legal tags. The same number of animals would be taken, and the same left to reproduce. The issue with poachers is that they are killing outside of that predetermined range of animals that can be killed without affecting the population. Hope that makes since princess glitter titties 




