 That's not always true. I haveboth anxiety and depression, you can read my submittions in this account if you want, and I can say that last time I had a an anxiety attack i sent a selfie of me to my "online supporter/friend". 

Pluls, she may've wanted to take a selfie to show that this situation is real. I don't know, but it's not that odd.  




 Live radio broadcasts?  




 Remember Jeremy Meeks? 




 Amazing.  




 Give it to her when she returns home and tell her to read?  




 My mother is a doctor, and I don't know much about the system. She always treated my health, and I don't know how I could see a physcologist without her knowing. Anyways, I wanna tell her.  




 I know. She called today, and I was this close to telling her but I didn't know how. She thinks I'm normal, because I always laugh and sit quietly around the house, and I don't know how she would respond. 

I'm gonna tell her anyway. I need to do that, I know. 

Thank you for the support.  




 Do you think I should use the letter, or tell her directly? 




 Thank you so much for the response. It really made me greatful to know that you care. I feel so bad not knowing what to do, and I'm glad you're standing behind me. I will keep you updated.  




 Yesterday I wanted to kill myself, and so I was so emotional I wrote a letter to my mother telling her how I feel. She doesn't know how I feel. I put the letter in her case so she could read it at work, but I woke up at 4am and took it. I just don't want her to look at me differently, as if I'm just some fucked up son, because I always look so happy around the house, and I'm afraid to imagine things differently. However, I know I need deep psychological treatment while I'm still young (I'm almost eighteen), but I just don't know how to tell her. 

Any ideas? Any people who experienced something similar to this? Please share your stories/advices. 

Thank you. Any comment would be helpful.  




 This is just bad. Nothing more.  




 Does it work for WhatsApp? 




  If light travels faster than the speed of sound, how come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/30q7ir/if_light_travels_faster_than_the_speed_of_sound/) 




 My God, this looks so badass. Alright, I'm putting aside 60$ for this summer.  









 Yes, he does. Why do you ask? 




 Call me an asshole, but I find it so dumb when someone has to express how much they're dying of laughter right now.  




 So I've been working on a Hebrew novel for some years now, and I've been collecting all kinds of plot-related notes and writing its plot-related scenes, but I realized there's a problem with that. Well, I should've imagined that eventually I would have too much of notes and scenes that organizing them into a single document would hardly be possible, but I feel that I should tackle this ASAP.

So, dedicated writers of Reddit, how should I approach this? Any effective ways/tools that could perhaps help me during the process? 




 I've been feeling this forever. I call it 'happy depression', and I've been trying to figure out how it could be possible. It's the best feeling ever though, for sure.  




 Something as "I look for something casual, but hey, life's surprising". I dunno. 









  Don't procrastinate.

This has a new meaning for me now. Write your fucking novel for God's sake, just sit on the fucking chair and write it. Sentence by sentence. Scene by scene. WRITE. 




 I keep each gram in its original, tiny bag. Is that cool enough? Should that last until next week-2 weeks from now? 




 I bought 2 fresh grams last week, and I've been planning to smoke them next week. I keep them closed in that small bag in a fair temperature (25 degrees celsius, to be exact). Is that okay?  




 GODDAMN IT I THOUGHT JUSTIN VERNON JUST RELEASED SOME NEW MUSIC FOR BON IVER. FOR GOD'S SAKE. ^What ^a ^beard ^though. 




 It's not about your appearance. I've full confidence in my appearance and talk to really hot girls, and yet I could relate to everything you said in your first paragraph. 

It doesn't matter what you look like, our minds will always find some silly imperfections. That's what they do.  




 Personally, I never felt like I don't deserve to be happy.  




 Thank you. This made me smile so much. 

I think my mom would support me, and I could tell her that I've been writing my own novel, and that I've a girlfriend. This would all be very new to her, and a little embarrassing for me but hey, if this is what it takes to get better, I'm willing to do this. 

I'm probably gonna get anxious about this soon, but right now I've hope. I don't quite know how to explain this, but I feel better just thinking about it. 

I'm gonna PM you, and hopefully I could ask for further assistance and keep you updated? 




 What kind of therapy do you go to? 

I may tell them I'm depressed, that I really do have a mental illness and that I wanna go see a doctor. I'm only afraid of what if they ask questions, and eventually I'm gonna say that it all began with a girl. 

It's gonna sound pathetic, but when I think about it now, I think I could work this out. Maybe I'd tell my mother, I think she'd understand me more. I'd ask her to keep it a secret - and just visit a doctor to see what's wrong and how we can continue from there. 

What do you think?  




 I've spoken with many people who had anxiety, read about the topic, taken several tests, despite the fact that I think I'm aware of what I'm feeling isn't normal. 

And this won't work, my mother's a doctor and a psychiatrist would cost money. I'm gonna have to keep my depression to myself, at least until I'm on my own.  




 I know... what part made you realize that? 




 Admitting you're depressed isn't a simple thing. I'm afraid my parents would feel sorry for me, and they're so old-fashioned they wouldn't understand it anyway. It's almost like confessing you're gay to religious parents.  




 I suffer from anxiety and clinical depression. I'd fucking love to see a therapist, but the truth is I can't.  




