 Great recs - love the Nasher!  




 Thanks! I'll have to check out Cafe Driade!  




 That he had nothing to hide. The lady was asking him if there was anything shady in his past the investigators uncover in his attempt to get custody of his son. 




 Thanks!  




 Awesome recommendations! Love Cafe de los Muertos! 

Quick question - would it be weird to sitting outside with a laptop at Boylan Bridge since it's a bar? 




 Looking for any recommendations on good places or cool creative spaces where I can hunker down and do some writing. Anything from a coffee shop or a museum or a park or even a camping area. I'll take anything. Thanks!  









 Yes! This is what I needed!  




 If it takes roughly the same time as the Kansas City build out, it'll be a minimum of a year for the first homes to get service. And roughly another year or so for the first 30-X0% to get service.

All in all, I imagine it will take at least 3-4 years for everyone in the intended coverage triangle area to be able to actually get Google Fiber.  




 Ugh, please internet gods. #HannibalOnNetflix  




 Personally, I really liked the song until the chorus kicked in... then I liked it a lot less. 

It's a shame they didn't use the song they played at the bar scene with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life." That was soo haunting!  




 The entire main cast was really awesome and on point tonight. Vince and Collin have surprisingly good chemistry and Rachel and Taylor did a great job playing really intense and emotional this ep. 




 Internet points for anyone who can find the artist and title of the song played at the bar with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life". My google fu has failed me today. The song is so haunting!  




 His accent definitely slipped a little when he said "I welcome judgement." Miss Ray.  




 Definitely agree on being lost for the majority of the episode. Obviously I got the broad brushstrokes of each character and their thing, but it honestly felt like I had tuned into ep 2 of a show and I had missed some critical bits of set up. However, I do like that the three main cop leads have converged by the end of the ep. 
 




 Honestly, I thought that was a little extreme and over the top even for a crooked cop with anger and drinking issues. To a 12 year old. Plus there's no way that dad doesn't have him arrested for assault in real life.  




 I like the fact that the three main cop leads have converged by the end of the episode, but I do feel like the overall set up of the episode was a little too vague. I got general plot threads that they were trying to convey, but I almost felt like I had jumped in on ep 2 of a show and I'm missing some critical set up information.  




 *"If you ever bully again, I'll butt-fuck your dad with your mom's headless corpse."* 

I thought that was a little extreme even for a crooked cop with anger and drinking issues. To a 12 year old.  




 I'm sort of bummed they didn't use that song they played at the bar as the opening theme. The one with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life." Set such a good atmosphere for the scene.  




 Opening theme for any who are interested - Leonard Cohen's Nevermind: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3HbrfV0hJM 














 Welcome again to your weekly dose of Hannibal cinematography. This week's episode was one of my favorites. The Lecter Estate was eerie and ethereal in it's green hues and the many scene transitions this week were especially well done.  














 Dude looks like he knows what he's doing... I could go for a nice scalp massage any day. Just sayin'  




 I thought it was parallel to Hannibal's "mind palace" which he carries around with him.  




 Let's not forget stalking Chiyo in the shadows or creeping on her while she's cooking.  




 The pace is definitely way slower and the cinematography and slow introspective bits really highlight each character's thoughts. Though I think now it's a good thing that Bryan Fuller decided to collapse two seasons into one here. 




 Definitely agree on the memory place shots - the fragments and reflections were not only beautiful but incredible metaphors.  




 Ditto. Though personally I'm looking forward to Will channeling his best inner Hannibal these next few episodes in order to catch him.  




 Hannibal: 1
Bedelia: 1  




 Also later when Hannibal's like "I can only claim one of those" and gives Bedelia that "ho, ho, ho look what I did there" look.   




 *"I was rooting for Mephistopheles and contemptuous of Faust"*

LOL Hannibal. I have no words. 




 I think him posing that body at the end of the episode was his love message back to Hannibal in a way.  




 I know this is a constant topic of conversation, but I feel like the cinematography was really top notch this episode.  




 Can we pause a moment to discuss the fact that Will was responsible for the moth man body posing that we previously saw in the trailers? Holy crap. He's really letting loose. He really acted like Hannibal this episode... seeing if Chiyo would kill, posing the body, even speculating on how he would kill Chiyo earlier.  




 ...you could say I knew him... intimately... 

Tell me more about this heterosexual bromance, Bryan.  




 "Technically, you killed him." 

...very mature Hannibal...  




 Holy shit Will did that.  




 Intimately 




 I know right? I was shocked when FX announced it was renewed last year. Premise of the show sounds like it would be good but everything about it is terrible (thinking about about the pilot just makes me cringe... also everything about Jamal). My roommates and I hate watched this show last year and I suspect we will do the same this year.  




 Please let this actually happen this time... though I am concerned with the fact that it's on Starz. Just give Bryan and Neil full reign and don't meddle... guaranteed great results. 

Too bad HBO passed on this. I guess this just really isn't mainstream enough.   




 Thanks for your comment. Very useful tips!  




 Yup 




 Well I don't think he knew Italian per say but he had been in Italy for a while. They mentioned he had been going to that church for a while before the murder happened. 




 Yup... that was the really noticeable one from this week's ep. I'm surprised they didn't make him redo the scene.  









 YES! I loved it... it was a real shame it wasn't picked up!  




 Aw thanks for the kind words!  




 Let's not forget the scene where Hannibal guts Will in the finale. The caressing... the impaling... the embrace...  




 Hannibal constantly surprises and exceeds my very high level of expectation for the show. It is really defying all odds to be in it's third season on network television.  




 Back again with round two of these. 

Things that were especially outstanding in tonight's episode: 

* The lighting - everything from the soft light of the windows and candles to the contrast of light and shadow on people's faces to the low, dim lighting of the last scene was outstanding.  
* The use of symmetry - full throttle in this episode. 
* Framing Will in tight, confined shots, lines, and spaces to convey a sense that he is trapped by Hannibal's designs.   









 Agreed - so sad!  




 I absolutely loved Pushing Daisies. Actually, one of the reasons I wanted Hannibal initially.  




 Love your analysis! Also, to add the fact that Inspector Pazzi comments that Will was already dead.  




 For reference: http://imgur.com/8HfDiL4 




 The beautiful, beautiful symmetry.  









 Why did you lie to him?"

"The wrong thing being the right thing to do was too ugly a thought. 

:(  




 That surgery autopsy scene really bothered me for some reason. I got a little queasy even though I'm not bothered by any of the murder or gore of the show at all. 
 




 *"I splintered every bone. Fractured them, dynamically. Making it malleable. I skinned you, bent you, twisted you, and trimmed you, head, arms, and legs."* 

Man poor Anthony... RIP our lovely poet who only wanted to have a good time. :(  




 He may not believe himself to be God, but a god certainly. Hannibal definitely has a God complex.  




 Hugh Dancy is English - his accent slips a few times in this episode.  




 I'm so glad it didn't have a face.  




 Young "Il Mostro" be looking fly as hell.  




 "I'd say the homoeroticism is more me just cackling in the editing room, as opposed to something that the characters are genuinely feeling when they're in the room with one another," Fuller explains.

*"Valentine written on a broken man."*

*"I do feel closer to Hannibal here. God only knows where I would be without him. He left us his broken heart. He knew we could come."*

Ok yeah Bryan Fuller, heterosexual male friendship my ass.  




 That was Guillermo Del Toro level creature horror, especially when it was getting birthed.  




 I loved the last scene... Will instinctively knowing that Hannibal was still in the church. Seeking him out down below and ultimately forgiving him. 

Also, the way Will said buon notte (and then faded into the shadows) made a serious shiver go through my spine.  




 Inspector Pazzi, you should really listen to Will. He good at predicting these things. RIP.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."*

RIP, Abigail. Welcome, Head!Abigail. 




 Can we take a moment to discuss that Guillermo Del Toro level horror creature? Half Wendigo Half Man Half Demon.  




 Dear Bryan Fuller, thank you so very deeply for making us relive our past traumas and broken hearts. 

We're going to eat you... slowly.  

With love, 
Fannibals.  




 Did anyone else notice NBC blurring out the nether regions of a 500 year old painting tonight? But not the murdered, skinned, decapitated, twisted, and chopped up human remains.  




 The way Will said buon notte (and then faded into the shadows) made a serious shiver go through my spine.  




 This surgery autopsy scene is really disturbing.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 Egad Hannibal was creeping!! 




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 *"I do feel closer to Hannibal here. God only knows where I would be without him. He left us his broken heart. He knew we could come."* 

Ok yeah Bryan Fuller heterosexual male friendship my ass... this is def post breakup angst.  




 Ok this is thoroughly horrifying. WTF is this manwendigodemon creature? 




 *Valentine written on a broken man.* 




 Oh come on no pendulum??  




 Is it just me or is NBC blurring out the nether regions of a 500 year old painting?  




 My prediction: Will will "kill" her in his mind for the third, thus finally accepting that his and Hannibal's relationship is over and he will put Hannibal away.  




 *"We are not making television. We are making a pretentious art film from the 80s."* - Bryan Fuller  




 Young Hannibal be looking swank.  




 The dude did not greet or acknowledge Abigail at all. Definitely Head!Abigail.  




 I think we're seeing Head!Abigail right now :(  




 She still hasn't interacted with anyone who isn't Will. It's Head!Abigail.  




 I still think she's dead. 




 There's an interview where Bryan Fuller said the network basically had issue with a bare buttock being shown on screen (because omg nudity). But apparently they were ok with it as long as it was covered in blood and you couldn't actually tell it was a nude butt. O.o Welcome to Murica.  




 I was just getting coming to acceptance with that. :( Now we're reliving it.  




 GODDAMNIT. WHAT IS THIS COMMERCIAL BREAK? 




 My theory is that she invited Anthony (Tom Wisdom) to Florence just wanted to see how Hannibal would react/what would happen when he was uncovered as an imposter.  




 LOL love it.  




 This is adorable.  




 Is it bad that now I'm super stoked for a super risque and probably disturbing sex scene? 

Thanks for sharing that!  




 I think it was for that last line about Hannibal being lonely and wishing it was Will Graham dining with him. It further helps the viewer understand how much Hannibal wanted Will's friendship and how much it cut him when he was betrayed. It also leads up to the Hannibal broken heart scene at the very end of the episode.  




 Ugh that would be absolutely morbid. I suppose I would still eat it as long as he was going to let me go after dinner... and not slowly chop me up and eat me like Gideon.  




 Yeah he's so smug with Gideon all the time. Calling him an animal, eating him, feeding him to himself, and basically all around tormenting him with the fact that he's going to kill him slowly and horribly... and then Gideon turns it all around on Hannibal with one line. And Hannibal's just like goddamnit.  




 I mean - intellectually, it's just meat right?   




 The look she gives Hannibal and then the smug look Hannibal gives her back.  




 He thought the two of them could become friends or co-conspirators or something, but little did he know that Hannibal is still suffering from a broken heart from the last friendship he tried to create.  




 It's one of my favorite parts of the show. There's such a polished film quality to this show and especially this episode with parts shot in 2.35:1.  




 The opening scenes were insanely well shot, especially considering low light conditions and moving bike. I knew we were going to be for a good one from the beginning.  




 Agreed! 




 I hadn't planned on it, but if there's enough interest - definitely!  




 First off, happy cake day! 

And yes, completely agree on the food! The show always makes me so hungry, tonight's episode in particular.  




 I'm huge television junkie and I consider Hannibal to be the best show on air right now. 

I also basically just did a detailed rewatch of this episode while taking these screenshots. So many more beautiful scenes, but even after I trimmed it down I had so many images.  




 The art, direction and cinematography on this show is first class. The European setting really adds another layer to the atmosphere of the show - heavy, ornate, and so perfectly Hannibal.  




 I am here to deliver: http://www.reddit.com/r/HannibalTV/comments/38mn24/hannibal_s03e01_art_direction_cinematography_in/ 









 In no particular order: 

* Fantastic acting   casting, particularly for Mads Mikkelsen as Hannibal and Hugh Dancy as Will 
* Beautiful cinematography
* Amazing art direction (and creativity around the murder tableaus)
* Best sound and music I've heard on a TV show ever - eerie and atmospheric
* Dark, gothic sets and costumes (especially the color palettes) 
* Bryan Fuller
* Well written and well paced

Also because: 

* The exploration of the friendship between Hannibal and Will 
* The exploration of the pathological psyche of Will Graham and the killers he pursues 
* It's not afraid to push the boundaries of art, graphic violence, and dark stories on network television  




 *"Oysters, acorns, and masala... It's what ancient Romans would feed their livestock to improve their flavor."* 

That moment when Bedelia realizes why Hannibal's feeding her what he's feeding her.  









 Wow...  




 Especially the part when he burns Hannibal with one limb left. 

*"If only that company could be Will Graham."* 




 All I have to say is... such a shame it wasn't that kind of party.  




 Did anyone find the flashback scenes with Abel Gideon really really morbid? An awful cannibal, limb hacking countdown to death.  




 Put something on that wicked BURN. Abel Gideon calling Hannibal out with only one limb left. 

Doesn't poor lonely Hannibal wish he could be dining with Will Graham?  




 I think it's great that the two of them are on shows back to back with each other right now. Plus they're returning for X-files soon.  




