 I put a Haunter up for trade asking for an Yveltel, jokingly just to see if I'd get it... Well... I did... WTF.... How? 




 They thought it was a costume trick/stunt So sad. 




 Good. 




 This guy is a pimppppp. 




 Got one in wonder trade yesterday.  




 I wish Nintendo could safeguard against stuff like this...  




 [6] Yeah. It's Sassy too.  




 Bitch is to die for. 

http://25.media.tumblr.com/e9bab043e649fd202aeda3e2039e5937/tumblr_mmqwax94Cx1rm1zlao1_500.jpg 




 Is this real? 




 Yeah... Except I doubt you know what the Holocaust was like... 




 Shangela is ridiculous...  




 Who's the sickening bitch second to the right? 




 Um.... Which trail is going to be closed? I usually walk from sunset to mulholland...  




 GAH!!! Season 2 was orgasmically good.  




 do you know about a beginer's guide to iv's / ev's... i'm trying to understand it and it's all pretty complicated... i tried using an ev calculator but it said i needed to know the individual ev's for each stat and i don't really know how to find it.. 




 lvl 9 = above average, best stat is HP, fantastic stats, that's how i judge it. 

lvl 4 = above average overall, best stat is defense stat, stats like that, they simply can't be beat. 

lvl 11 = relatively superior potential overall, greatest potential is defense, stats like those simply can't be beat. 

lvl 8 = above average overall, best is the defense stat, fantastic states, that's how he judges it. 

lvl 8 = above average overall, sp. def stat is the greatest, fantastic stats is how he judges. 

so... yeah... any help understanding these? 




 How do i look that up? Is that like the stat under HP, ATTACK, ETC..? 




 [6] So... here's their natures... LVL. 9 = Modest, LVL 11 = Quiet, LVL 4 = Naughty, LVL 9 = Relaxed, LVL 8 - Jolly, LVL 8 = Serious... 

So, I'm really new to modern pokemon... The last game I played was Ruby and Sapphire so I don't realy know what the natures or EVs mean, or any of that stuff. If any of these are realy good / rare let me know. I'm still getting used to the game and stuff. I also have a bunch of Eevees (like 45) and Fennekins (around 10) at level 1 (all male), except I have one thats at level 56 if you're interested. He's nicknamed Fenneuc or maybe that's just the french spelling of Fennekin. Anyway, I don't want any nicknames.. Thanks! 




 That's too fucking sick for this series.  




 Hey, so, 1 Espeon per starter? I also have a level 4 male Umbreon and a level 56 Fennekin if interested.  




 [6] Looking for any of the starters except Fenniken and Squirtle. Or anything else tempting. No nicknames.  









 Walter resented Elliott because they made millions off his research. "It was my hard work. My research. And you and Elliott made millions off it."

Eat shit.  




 Hey, I would love one if you still have any! Friendcode: 4639-9275-7257, and I'm assuming IGN means In Game Name? I'm new here so I don't know. If so my IGN is Andrew. Thanks! 




 you're a dick. i always though that elliot had paid walter to leave the company when walter didn't have much because he knew the company would be big and didn't want to split the profits with walter. maybe that wasn't the case but go eat shit.  




 Is it too late? Would love one! 

FC: 4639-9275-7257 




 sad 




 Can act. Not Eric.  




 can i do this on an ipad? alsoo super mario rpg was snes...  




 Elliot ain't good. He's lower than Walter for what he did to Walter.  




 Seeing JK cry KILLS me.  




 why does her album suck. she should have got chad michael to write the tunes... her voice is good but god damn her song are pure SHIT 




 That was excellent.  




 Best thing on reddit ever.  




 Yay, Muppi did it for me and he is a thing of beauty... Anybody know where I can buy Ethers or something that restores PP before I take on the elite 4? 




 33 




 I didn't like the episode that much... It's amazing but seeing Hank die was painful... It was a huge turning point for me and made the series a greek tragedy to me...  




 It's like Mike meets WW. 









 Jew 




 Is this show actually good? 




 feel guilty for feeling guilty 




 And so it begins... 




 Is Howard TV on DirecTV? I doubt it's a flop or even close to it..  




 wtf  




 That's Tim Curry.  




 what a douche 




 It was true....  




 U R THE SHIT 




 I LOL'D. 




 A+. 10/10. 




 I want one... 



















 /r/eaf 




 Walter White 




 Incredible 




 i love u guys 




 I miss the good seasons of this show so much... It was so incredible........... UGHHHHH 




 Your situation sounds a lot worse than what I saw in the film. Perhaps if I saw one of them getting kicked in the head and stomach, to the point where one of their ribs broke, I might have found the end more believable.  




 I really thought it was a leap to have the character actually go and kill the bullies... I mean, I don't know any school shooters but I feel they all must suffer from some sort of mental disorder to begin with.. Homicidal tendencies. I felt Matt was very warm and funny, and probably very like the actor/writer/director portraying him, so, I just didn't "feel" he was the kind of guy who would kill people who bully him. I felt he would go make a movie or do something silly. He seemed way too happy all the time to be a murderer... And he was likable to me as an audience member. when people were treating him like a weirdo nerd I thought it was a little rediculous. he wasn't weird enough for me. he seemed pretty cool actually. The only thing that sort of justified the killing for me was when he was reading about psychopaths and he read the description of them always "lying", and their entire being is just a mask, and even when the truth is easier to tell the psycho will choose to lie just for the sport of it. If he's reading about himself, his friendly personality is just hiding a deep seated blood lust that would have manifested whether it was a Dirty or somebody else... But that kind of goes against what the film was trying to do, say bullying causes [some] school shootings. I don't care how shitty the bullying he was recieving was (and really... It was bad but it wasn't crazy bad... I've seen worse), for him to kill the bullies made him a psychopath to me. He should have just toughed it out for what 1, maybe 2 more years? I had a problem with his nice guy movie lover persona just becoming a killer... I read the documentary crew being in his head which then just made me settle on him being crazy but my friends read it different. I don't think the filmmakers really knew after reading some interviews which I found very dissapointing because I think if you're going to tackle such a huge issue, you need a very powerful strategy, and in the end I'm just sitting here dissapointed after all the hype. Still a good movie, 7.5/10... OH, and the song choices were excellent, and the directing was great. Some really beautiful montages. I look forward to more from Matt Johnson. 




 /r/EAF 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8Kyi0WNg40 




 As a Jew I whole heartedly endorse a team named The New York Jews with that as our mascot.  




 You are awesome.  




 I see another version of you getting a very similarly thematic tattoo in multiple universes. 




 fuck the game gramps little bitches 




 I really like it...  




 Just watched the movie on my xbox... Gotta say it's pretty flawed but still impressive, and hardly affective to me about how bad bullying can be... At least to me.  




 This place looks awesome. Where is it? 




 I need the show NOW.  




 Bidoof is a bi doof.  









 That was pretty hilarious.  




 turns out its some sort of new age meditation camp where they thought they were making forcefields... so the people around the lady who gets hit were making a forcefield around her to protect her from the guy running at her... but its not strong enough... then the guy starts shaking cause he's still affected by their forcefield.. 




 /r/EAF 




 There was also a Dr. Evil version which I own.  




 It's true though.  




 Oh, hai doggie. 




 OMG. CAN'T WAIT.  




 No, I liked it, but tonally it felt like a condemnation of Walt, almost cautionary tale-esque, whereas in the new one, he won in the end... Or at least that's how I felt.  




 I liked it but I don't think it totally worked because Walt wanted to die in some regards, he was angry when his cancer went away, and he was laughing when he thought Gus Fring was coming to kill him and his family, thats why the more upbeat Badfinger song is like Walt going out on his own terms in a blaze of  glory.  




 Champion. 




 Which one is Gennifer?  




 jesse killing gale will always be my favorite episode... it was so fucking intense.  




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 that green version is getting my dick hard 


































 /r/EAF 




 this depressed me 




 I do believe he is a witch.  




 Nice Lily of the Valley plant they got growing.  




 I love how it seemed legit until the yelling at the staff. The realness died.  




 Too much shade right now. 




 I would love a 3d world... Miss rare so much. 




 You guys think the blonde dude was lying? 




 I kinda want to bite it... I bet itd be crunchy. 




 His face looks like my Dad which was terrifyingly creepy when I saw this. 









 Those guys were gay. 




 This made me LMAO....  




 I'm Jewish. Pain is losing 3 dollars.  




 This literally happened to me.  




 link? 




 They should be producing more Tommy Wiseau masterpieces.. It's been 10 years!!!! 
























 /r/EAF 




 Thank you. 




 nadia opens the door

a shirtless man is at the door. 

nadia: excuse me? 

man: hello miss, my name is earl, and I was wondering if you had any peanuts? 

nadia: uhm....... 

man: please, miss, it's very important to me. 

nadia: what do you need them for? 

man: i'm a little embarassed, mam. 

nadia: it's 1 in the morning. i don't need to give you peanuts. 

man: and i understand that. but i thought, given all the children's playing toys and such on your front lawn that you must be a very kind person. 

nadia: oh really? 

man: i don't know. 

nadia: i don't have any peanuts

man: yes you do. 

nadia: no, i'm sorry i don't. 

nadia puts her hand on the door to close it. 

man: okay, okay! i'll tell you why i need them.... i live a few blocks from here and i was drinking tonight and my woman doesn't like it when i drink. and if i go home n i smell like alcohol i know she's gonna throw me out. i'm sorry miss. i am a bit drunk. it's just this heat has been so much. and ive been hounded at work. i just needed to let one out you know. and i know i'm disturbing you and all but i didnt realize i didn't eat no peanuts at the bar till i was walking home and all... and... i'm sorry miss. i saw the light on... and the kids stuff... i just thought you must be a nice lady. 

nadia: how'd you know my husband wasn't going to come out and kick your ass? 

the man laughs. 

man: i would have ran, he tried anything on me. 

nadia: wait here. i'll get some nuts.  














 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 he's epic, you should submit his video.  




 I hope the guy escapes.  




