 The best movie adaption is probably the Matthew Series or the Jesus Film.

Jesus Film (practically translated into every language possible) http://www.jesusfilm.org/

Visual Bible : Matthew 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fc8qOXeTsUQ

Personally, i thought Killing Jesus got the gist of the stories pretty accurately. Granted its not word for word but it also doesnt slide too much away from it.  




 I think all the business that are discriminating against Illinois and the media are to blame.
Personally, if any business that boycotted my state I would personally make sure that no money was going back to fund them. If you're going to interfere with the welfare of my citizens and provoke threats to influence something against our legalisation without any merit then you dont deserve to make any profits off of our state.  




 Touche. I mistakenly thought u said it was a "sub" or something. My bad. 




 Its called a hoagie around here 




 Religion is rules you have to follow. A relationship with Christ requires just faith.  




 Herbal Essence! Enough said 









 I hear ya. Lose the religion but dont lose the faith. 




 It's not her intelligence that pissed me off.
But it seemed like she wanted everything her way. I guess she wanted to feel safe and in control.  




 Yea for a short time when she almost said Yes to getting married to me.

Initially she didnt want to marry me but then after sweet talking to her for a while I got her to a point where she would agree to marry me. But then it went all downhill because she got offended that I was asking her family about was she meant by her being "rebellious". She tried to explain it to me once and I was able to grasp some of what she was saying but I couldnt really hear her. 

What she meant by being rebellious is that "she has to do the right thing regardless of the consequences" which honestly didnt matter but the attitude that took place in her explaining it to me just put me off. not to mention she avoided talking to me for a while.  




 lol i did runaway. but part of me still wants to go back because I enjoyed the small times when I did make her happy. 




 Yea this is from the talk. We talked for about few weeks. First I wasn't sure if she was my type but alot of the family members wanted us to be together and so did I but I was put off by her attitude.  




 So I was in India a while ago for getting hitched for an arranged marriage. My parents introduced me to a girl and I just felt very confused and aggravated with her at the time because I really feared her attitude towards me. I felt disrespected.

So the reason for my post isnt to rant but to figure out few things.

a) I felt that I felt like my man card was being taken away from me because she was putting me down, controlling and had a rude tone.
b) She would misunderstand alot of things I said. 

1) How do I stop getting offended by being told off by a woman? She was def. smarter than me so I felt offended.
2) She said she was rebellious and that just made me fear for alot of conflicts down the road. Was I wrong about this?




   
**tl;dr**: Potential mate was disrespecting me. How should I have handled it? 




 i feel like im missing some thing in this image?  




 What I'm noticing is that alot of people are living in fear. Lots of atrocities are taking place around the world. Should we start to assume that we are truly living in the End Times or is this just life? 




 I think by the end of the year she wont have any organs left.  




 Would http://www.7cupsoftea.com be of any help?

Its free counseling.

I cant even imagine being in your boat. But I'm glad that you're willing to fight this! 

I could be wrong but you need someone who can love you unconditionally. A good friend or partner. I hope you find someone soon.  




 I have trained under him and one of his approved classes in Nj. 
He's really good and focuses on making sure your technique is correct above everything else. 
 




 Core workouts. 
Weaker your core is the weaker your moves will be.
But dont worry they will instruct all that into you.
Id recommend cardio too.  




 As someone from Killadelphia aka Philadelphia, PA USA, Charlotte seemed like a great place. People were friendly and courteous.  




 We like to solve problems that help people. 

I'll let you figure out what that means for you.

Personally im a software engineer, but always wanted to be a pilot, and could be a pastor. Lol.  




 Do you guys ever take on other peoples fears and anxieties? 
I feel like if someone throws any fear and doubt on my way then I might initally guard myself against it but then I usually will take that upon me. 
Not sure if its a personality issue or something else. 




 Please upvote then :) 




 All criterias have to be good. 
So you cant say
Criteria she meets
1. Shes beautiful

Criteria she doesnt meet
1. Shes ugly

It would have to be all good but few that you would be willing to let go off. 




 More like January 2017. But the campaign for the next president starts pretty much now so Obama will have to be extra careful with Israel or he loses not only the Jewish vote and its influences but the votes of many conservatives. 




 You mean his PR team did.  




 Most companies provide $5k for educational expenses per year as an included benefit of working there. See if the company you are getting hired for has that option. 




 What kind of a job offers that much money. I have a Masters in SE and make 80k. What the heck am i doing wrong? lol 




 Hes making 200k+ who cares.  




 Use glassdoor.com or salary to gauge at what someone with the proposed title should make in the area. Offer that and say you're willing to bargain if its an issue, etc. 




 Take the job and get a Masters part-time while your company pays for it.
Masters in Comp Sci for the most part is just a regurgitation of your Bachelors degree except this time its more in-depth and you have to read/write more research papers. It def. boosts your salary but honestly current companies want experience over degree.
Enterprise companies will boost your salary for a grad degree but you will notice that you are significantly behind your peers in programming language acumen because you were focused on research and crap.

Oh and one last tip. Focus on being a well-rounded programmer. Dont focus on the money. I chose money and now I'm in a tough situation right now on moving forward in my career. Nothing too crazy but wish I had been a well rounded programmer rather than dedicated maintaining some custom-built project that gave me skills that i cant easily transfer to other companies.

tl;dr : Get a job. Have them pay for your Masters part-time.  




 lets hope you're right 




 Pharoah was alot of fun wasnt it 




 R u speaking from experience? 




 I couldnt take my eyes off of either actress lol. But Vaani was really good too.  




 Anyone else watched this movie? 

I loved it. I thought the storyline and acting was great and hilarious. I could totally relate to the guy and interactions he was having so made the movie very enjoyable. 




 Id encourage u to seek this. 
Im in the same boat as you. No idea why i feel this way but i have been going to counseling and it is helping me a little get a better control of it. 




 Oh wow i had forgotten about that 




 The most logical answer lol 




 Mutual funds, etfs, gold 









 Totally agree. 
Homework believe it or not is going to be the best thing to help you do the best down the road. And you can make lots of mistakes in high school and it wont matter. But that wont fly in college when you have a short timeframe and are under pressure from a bunch of equal weigted classes. 

In a nutshell study and do those homework problems.  




 The Nativity Story 




 [Luke 16:1-15] 




 MoOooooOm! 




