 Bruno 




 Definitely Southpaw. ooooooooo the suspense is killing me!!!!!!! 




 OMG! OMMFCSDVRQQPQFG! YOU SAW HIM TOO??? HAH! Well guess what, smart guy! I saw him at the [2:57](https://youtu.be/PLLQK9la6Go?t=2m57s) mark! BET YA DIDN'T CATCH THAT, DID YA? 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 camel toe, checking in  




 [no reason](http://i.imgur.com/NOECI0s.gifv) 




 I hope I can be as cool as you one day. 




 he's also an executive producer  




 Notice that I said end credits, not beginning credits (nothing can top the True Detective beginning credits theme). 




 Perhaps I'm too much of an optimist for thinking reddit has moved on. [sigh] 




 yeah I like Matty Boo Boo too 




 Brno

I'm sorry, it's a guilty pleasure movie for me, alright?

don't judge me 




 love that song 




 funnier 




 Assuming you are not a kid, Trainwreck. 




 I've seen all three, and this is my order: Nightcrawler, Whiplash, then Kingsman. All three are great, though. 




 [rolls eyes]  




 oooooooooo my Jakey Bear continues to surprise me! 




 Exactly (at least that's how it should be). The reason I made that comment is because of the relentless Chris Pratt circlejerk. Almost everyone on reddit fucking worships the guy. It's annoying.  




 [rolls eyes] of course he is... 




 For me it's Jake Gyllenhaal (AKA Jakey G and Jakey Bear).
 




 No, Spirited Away is perfect as is. 




 Jules Winnfield is a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). Nothing scarier than that. 




 The Hateful Eight for Best Picture

Samuel L. Jackson for Best Actor

Jennifer Jason Leigh for Best Actress

Quentin Tarantino for Best Director

Zo Bell for Best Actress in a Supporting Role

Tim Roth for Best Actor in a Supporting Role

The Hateful Eight for Best Original Screenplay

Japanese dubbed version of The Hateful Eight for Best Foreign Language Film

Any song from The Hateful Eight for Best Original Song

Animated version of The Hateful Eight for Best Animated Feature Film

Robert Richardson for Best Cinematography

Anime version of The Hateful Eight for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay

The Hateful Eight for Best Visual Effects

okay you guys get the idea 




 Goodfellas lacks one key plot element: a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). Pulp Fiction all the way. 




 Natalie Portman

Oh wait, I think it might be because I'm a straight 18-year-old male human being. 




 Just got off work. THERE'S STILL TIME TO MAKE HISTORY. 




 "Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!"

Life lesson: *Never* let a humanoid horse take your muffins away from you. 




 Wait, some of you guys are already done binging? whoa, I'm impressed 




 you rebel  




 Brno 









 How does this compare to the other Judd Apatow films? 




 Do you wish you saw Trainwreck instead? 




 I *loved* seeing my Jakey Bear in Donnie Darko and then all grown up in Nightcrawler. I am tensely awaiting Him to bless me with His acting in Southpaw. What to watch as an appetizer? 




 1. The Hateful Eight (Tarantino, enough said)

2. Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring)

3. The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested)

4. Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film)

5. Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western) 




 Don't really have time to watch both this weekend. have to go to a wedding 




 Is anyone else here going to watch Trainwreck instead of Ant-Man? I'm getting really sick of Marvel movies (I didn't even watch the new Avengers), and Trainwreck actually looks like a pretty solid comedy. 




 "I'm committing carbicide."  




 the muffins one

"Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!" 




 haha no 




 For me it's definitely the muffins one. Just thinking about it puts me in a good mood. 




 Back to the Future? More like Blast from the Past, am I right? Am I right? [sigh] I'm not right, am I? 




 this isn't r/gossip. the only thing about him that I care about is his acting 




 hopefully it's a Red Dead sequel, but I have no way of knowing if this is really their next project; this is just what I want it to be 




 how much 




 No. He's just a bothersome bloke.  




 Brno  




 Sammy L is a confirmed BMF. Mr. Neeson would not stand a chance. 




 Only one of these men is a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). What else needs to be said? 




 act 1: im still his daddy i can give him stuff. 

act 2: sorry son but u remind me of that time i killed a baby boy's father, so u are getting zero attention from me. 

act 3: my daddy killed ur daddy. u mad brah? 




 ah fuck, I guess I gotta cancel my meeting with HBO 




 Just like any sane person would, I would of course choose Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  




 There's something inside you

It's hard to explain

They're talking about you boy

But you're still the same 




 Well he was the star for like the first 40 minutes... 




 ah damn, I fucking loved that 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 being able to alienate myself from everyone I know 




 Then you'll love The Place Beyond the Pines. Watch it. 




 No. Fuck no. 




 who the fuck doesn't like Lou Bloom?  




 Mine is The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 No, but it is an annoyance.  




 Check out my cake day presents! Nothing. Everyone hates me. 




 Sega Genesis 




 OMG THIS IS SO SEXIIIIIIST CHRIS SHOULD GET MORE MONEY #MASCULINISM 

but seriously, if Chris Pratt was being paid more, there would be a fucking riot. just saying 




 I know that I was not in a car meet when I last played the game. Every single time I start it up, I am in an online car meet. Why? It is really getting annoying. If I want to play online, I'll choose to do it, but right now I'm playing by myself. Is this a common issue? When will this get fixed? 




 rape 




 _ 




 the clitoris  




 lolwhut 




 I don't understand. You already own the physical copy. 




 drugs 




 fecal matter 




 it's $10

I mean, if you're like *really* broke, just don't spend your money. If you are not broke, then it's just $10. 









 Wait... it's being sold separately????? fook yah!!!!!!!!!! 




 Wow. Thanks for the detailed response! 




 I am 18 years old and have attractive facial features. Blonde. I used to be pretty muscular, but I was hospitalized for anorexia last year, so I pretty much have no muscle now. I'm at a healthy weight now, but I haven't really been lifting weights lately, so I probably have less muscle than the average male, and therefore am less masculine than most men. I'm around 5'11" by the way.  




 Yes. (I'm being interviewed by a female of around 60 years of age or so.) 




 Halo, Gears, Forza. Boom. 




 Wow. Did you think I was being serious? lol 




 I have an interview at a health food store in about five hours. This is my first job interview, and I'd really like to get this job because I'm very interested in health food and supplements. What should I wear? Should I wear a tie, or is that too much? Hair spiked or combed to the side? Tips?
 









 Well, yeah, but obviously I was saying vocals are important to a band which incorporates vocals into their music. 




 WHAT?????????????????????? 




 I think it's vocals by far. There can't be a Smashing Pumpkins without Billy, right? 




 Alright, I see what you mean. Maybe I'll just get the digital version so that I won't have to look at the Kojima-less case on the shelf.  




 The Witcher 3. Yeah, it just came out, and you probably think it's the thrill of playing through a new game talking, but this really has everything I want in a game. It's perfect.  




 I said the same thing you'll receive no support here. 

Honestly not trying to be a grammar nazi, but I just do not understand what you are saying.  




 Yeah, but seriously? Is Konami run by a bunch of children? This is just fucking juvenile.  




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry
 




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry
 




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry 




 Sorry, didn't see it. 




 yeah you have to wait until next week to get it if you don't have the season pass 









 Did anyone see 'Amy' this weekend

Yes. You did. 




 US 9.5 




 It would be pretty cool if he put in some Smashing Pumpkins like he did in Watchmen. 




 Oh I forgot about that one. Maybe I'll watch it again.  




 I think the tattoos illustrate the character's impulsiveness.  




 I really like Nightcrawler, American Psycho and Se7en. What are some others I should watch? 




 Especially if it ends with the Joker doing something really fucked up.  




 Alrighty, then. 









 haha, you beat me to it 




 Your username is "PMme_JonahHill_nudes."

Are we supposed to take you seriously?

 




 damn right 




 Spirited Away 




 The Place Beyond the Pubes 




 Point Break 




 Brno  




 I might check out that new cut of DOFP. 




 I also listen to Nine Inch Nails, Avenged Sevenfold, Metallica, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Marilyn Manson, Neil Young, Atlas Genius, The Antlers and Passion Pit. 




 No, he's alive. He's on a special, happy farm, where he makes buttermilk. He romps and plays. There's a hammock made of dreams. 




 Old Blood is a prequel. 

Let that sink in. 




 Yeah I don't understand how it would get ported to PS4 if it's being published by Microsoft Studios.  




 I thought Rise of the Tomb Raider was just a timed exclusive. 




 my Quenty Bear

Why? He's my Quenty Bear. 




 I wear Adipowers casually lol 




 probs not. fifa maybe 




 Forza for The Last of Us 




 My gamertag is Magoo Senior 




 Will there ever be a Forza spinoff with guns (like Full Auto)? 




 OMG MOMMY WE NEEEEED TO GO TO THE STORE RIIIIIIIGHT NOW CUZ I GOTTA GET A PS4 SO I CAN PLAY COD A LITTLE EARLY PLEEEEEEEASE MOM CAN WE GO 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 It really is a masterpiece. You should also check Blue Valentine out (same director and screenwriter). 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Aquaman movie directed by James Cameron starring Adrian Grenier.  




 That's not Ben Affeck, that's Henry Cavill. Also, I thought Amy Adams was a woman. Jesse Eisenberg looks a lot like her.

EDIT: Sorry about the stupid joke. It's just that from this angle it looks like the names are in front of those people. Why so serious, guys? 




 I'm a princess. 




