 Shouldn't it be a spray? I don't care I am buying some for my husband ASAP 




 Has she had her thyroid checked? Could she have PCOS? Is she on anti-depressants or other medications? All of these could contribute to depression and/or weight gain 




 oh man this is me like every morning :(
 




 wait that's a real thing? 




 rainbow honey mystery box is amazing!!!! 




 looks like a tiny liver, or heart. 




 I did the donut one. It was fun.  




 We have three cats. They STILL sleep all fucking day.
Cats are just lazy imo 




 so a pretty average cat day, caught on film lol 




 Everyone knows downward facing dog is an invite to stop and pet the kitty 




 Most customers get lost *trying to get inside the building*. I thought maybe making a sign "entrance this way" would help then I realized no one would stop to read the damned thing 




 Oh no! 




 Vinegar and baking soda are great for cleaning ovens, drains, pretty much anything but your face 




 We got a new wifi access point installed. Nope iphones still stop working halfway through the building.  Then we get yelled at for not using them....   But they don't work!!! 




 Instructions, and reading, are hard. 




 Assuming they can read....  Our customers certainly can't 




 I tried it but I think it only works when combined with laser hair removal, which I cannot afford  




 Nah in the us it wouldn't be covered.   :-( 




 It's like I'm pregnant. Or a zombie.  A cake zombie 




 a turd? 




 I'm waiting for my shark week to end. Yesterday I thought it stopped but SURPRISE it started back up at work and I had to wash my undies in the bathroom sink. YAY 




 oh damn, now I want a donut. 




 I have PCOS and dark chin hairs which I have to shave daily. My mother has to do the same thing.  I used to pluck them but then my hormones got really messed up and now I have to shave in addition to taking birth control and spironolactone since I have an excess of testosterone.

I bought a tria laser system and it doesn't appear to be doing anything since I still have to shave daily.  




 oh man that has to be a terrible way to go 




 I also rent out moving trucks but mostly cleaning up other people's shit/garbage *quite literally* 




 I clean out storage units. Generally people leave a bunch of broken furniture and garbage and we're supposed to CHARGE THEM a cleaning/dumpster fee, but my idiot co-workers usually move them out of the rooms without actually checking to see if there are NINE mattresses in there (yes this actually happened) and I am a girl so I managed to get like 5 mattresses out by myself before I threw out my back and had to get two of the guys to get the rest of them. 




 figure out how to use your damned debit/credit cards 




 yes they are truly digging to the bottom of the barrel 




 well obviously rabid albino squirrels. 




 then again the whole kissing thing was creepier and giving off an incest kind of vibe  




 I thought he saw her as a daughter figure. He said in another world she would be his daughter.  




 lol that sounds pretty hot to me too. 




 I am so sorry. 
Then again it seems like it's not much of a loss, considering... 




 That's incredibly fucked up. I am sorry :( 




 ok well at six flags the tickets are like 60 bucks each. so if that was the case I hope they'd break a hundred 




 are those the ones with the shave bars? I hate those, the bar falls off and I always scrape my leg with the plastic flaps. 




 rent a uhaul 




 same 




 A lap dance 




 I heart this thread so much 




 My husband is going to get killed while he sleeps tonight.  Give me the fucking sweater 




 Awww I'm so glad they got to stay together  :-) 




 I too immediately thought of them 




 False advertising!!! Grrrr 




 I did all kinds of crazy stuff on ambien, ended up in the er  :O 




 Omg this is so accurate  




 I feel you. No matter what I can never lose the last 10 lbs from my goal weight  :-( 




 Oh man I would be pissed if I got a diet box.  The nail polish is nice though. 




 My mom sleep eats but she doesn't actually cook. 




 Where was it? 




 I call bs, she just didn't want to have to wash the sheets. 




 Ambien.  Tried to flush an entire roll of tp, apparently 




 Lol this guy shoved a glass jar up his ass, it broke and then he pulled the glass shards out. 




 Yea you don't mix breathplay and gags with drugs. 




 The black dahlia 




 Yea I made two orders and fucked up and ended up paying s h twice, it sucks 




 I did and it was a really bad idea. He had some kind of weird relationship with his mom. I eventually left his ass 




 If he is hitting the children or threatening suicide that is another big reason to leave so they don't have to grow up like that 




 "Our" entire vacation consisted of me going to bed alone and sick with you and your half sister cuddling and holding hands on the couch, every.single.night. I was invisible. You sat by her, laid her head in your lap. When we went out you put your arm around her shoulders.


Ok, that is NOT normal. get the hell out of there! 




 she only dates/marries douchebags 




 both 




 what how did I not know about these? I just made two orders! 




 I end up buying a lot of stuff from birchbox and sephora because of free samples!

fragrances:
tocca cleopatra


eau des minimes by Le Couvent Des Minimes


skin   co truffle serum

juara candlenut body cream

other skincare stuff from birchbox I forget!
moisturizers and cleansers






not purchased yet but I want to buy the full size when I use up the sample:

juara rice facial cleanser

eyeko black magic mascara

alterna caviar cc cream for hair

Phyto Phytobaume Volume Express Conditioner 

Stila CC Color Correcting Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 20 in Medium

 




 that's crazy, can't they just change the name? 




 Graduate 




 my cat is doing this right now. I wonder what he sees... 




 Scranton.   




 Rape, depression. West Virginia 




 How to make meth 




 Potholes and corruption. 




 04 jetta. Have to open the glovebox to get to my cupholders.... 




 Saw a lot in texas 




 Snuggies. And jeggings. 




 They look burnt. 




 Yes he has nothing better to do than share every stupid thing he sees all day 




 I usually wait to poo until I can use a private bathroom 




 People watching 




 Drink my own piss island 




 Turn around and walk in the opposite direction 




 call the police, they threatened to hurt your dog. 




 lesbian bdsm 




 I love the all in one face base


http://www.makeupalley.com/product/showreview.asp/ItemId=17272/All-in-one-face-base/The-Body-Shop/Foundations 




 do a bunch of heroin or something 




 I quit smoking for like 6 months due to ecigs. Of course I started smoking again when I got a job with a lot of smokers  




 so instead of helping it just made things worse? 




 I think the smoke is from when they are cauterizing tissue. 




 http://www.amazon.com/NatureBright-SunTouch-Plus-Light-Therapy/dp/B000W8Y7FY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1399498473 sr=8-1 keywords=therapy+light

This one's 70 bucks.

 




 sorry, next time I will wake up mid surgery and demand they start filming it 




 this is the cutest thing I've ever seen 




 I do as well. Vitamins and my uv light help. 




 I have seasonal affective disorder, it's very bleak in winter and I get horribly depressed. It's finally spring so I have been sunning myself in moderation with adequate sunscreen on. In the winter months I have a UV light that helps, especially when it's dark out when I go to work and dark when I come back home, sometimes it feels like I never see the sun. I live in Pennsylvania but ideally would prefer to live in Florida or the southwest where it is usually 60 degrees year round. 




 Also I would have to go outside to use the ecig anyway because our district manager made it clear we were NOT allowed to vape in the store so it was just easier to go bum a cigarette.  There are many cities making it illegal so you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. 




 I tried e-cigs for 6 months. I quit smoking and it was awesome but then I got a job and didn't have time to sit around waiting for batteries to charge and everyone at work smoked so I went back to smoking, for almost a year now.
 




 Did he have surgery? Poor fella. 




 Just wanted to add I had a bunch of tiny fibroids, not one large cyst removed. Not nearly as satisfying, they just lasered them out. 




 I didn't get to keep the picture but it's pretty cool to see your insides.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1qETlJw2n0 




 has it always been there? I had one of these when I was little, my mom called it a strawberry? It's a birthmark but it ended up going away 




 I have this too. it's sebum and the hair root 




 how the hell have I never seen/heard of this???? 




 I just kind of towel dry the floor afterwards. 




 But how do you know how much the person behind you is going to order? I don't get the logistics of this lol 




 I have a pair like that and they make me feel like I'm constantly going to break one or both ankles :( 




 Only if it's sweet sun tea. 




 Born in West Virginia. Escaped ASAP. 




