 People should find his massage mobile and get a massage and then ask him if he knows what civil disobedience is... right before walking out the door without paying a dime. 




 For the sake of humanity that guy should stand out in the street more often. 




 I'd strongly suggest investing in Intel. With the new processor releases and those on the horizon targeting mobile, they're likely to take significant market share away from their rivals producing ARM based processors.

I've invested a large amount recently with intention to pull it out when it reaches near 40. 




 Those that are prosecuted are probably forced into a gag order, so it's unlikely we hear of all the bad results from non-anonymous disclosures. 




 The "world community" considers it unethical, but those performing the research/cloning would likely be governments and make themselves immune from their own laws. 




 Russia is really pumping up the anti-US sentiment. This week they also warned Russians travelling abroad to watch out for US teams that "hunt Russians". It's a cold war tactic. 

Perhaps some of the social media companies being targeted should cut service to Russia and announce they cannot comply with the data rules, and therefore are removing their services per Russia's request. Russian citizens would likely direct their outrage towards the Russian government at that point, and the social media companies could re-emerge in the Russian market victorious. 









 The Saudi's probably won't lash out after this being their government shares much of the same ideology as the Islamic State, and IS struck a religious minority within Saudi Arabia. If Islamic State were to obtain their goals and become a state, it would probably look a lot like Saudi Arabia (where amputations and beheadings are already carried out routinely in public to scare the population into submission). 




 Less than 24 hours isn't nearly enough time of advance notice on mass media if you want a lot of people to attend your rally. Not only do people have to make the decision of whether they want to go or not, they'd also need time to plan for it.

If you want a real protest call it something like a "Rally for US" or "Rally for Freedom", and start spreading information about which cities are selected for demonstrations, at least a week in advance (even if the bill passes by then, with a big enough protest it's possible the demonstrations will spark calls to revoke the bill from within the senate).

Make those on social media feel like they 'are' the rally movement, and not just merely invited to someone else's party.

And last but not least, make sure you get volunteers to bring food. Protests will never last long without food vendors. Iron fisted governments target food vendors with high priority when looking to quell a protest, but I suspect you will not have that issue in the US.

Good luck. :) 




 Depression seems common in many degenerative diseases. I have an unnamed autoimmune based neurodegenerative disease and have spent a lot of time with specialists, and a couple have mentioned that the most prominent signs they see preceding significant cognitive decline due to neurological disorders are sudden severe depression and also changes in the ability to judge the passage of time.  




 This one still cracks me up: [Benny the Bull takes over a cooking show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4sZ6IBreZc) 




 Can confirm they don't work in Seattle either.  




 Haven't you heard of the large farticle collider? 




 Am I misreading? Or does this keep tissues from aging as quickly, as opposed to actually reversing damage? 




 Source?!? 




 How did you find a place on the planet Mercury? 




 I've never seen or heard of any truckers doing this either, and I know a lot from where I grew up. I think it's completely false information. To a trucker, a ticket should be avoided at pretty much any cost, and additionally no long haul trucking company would allow their drivers to do this. The potential damage to the tires alone would make it ridiculous. 




 Got it. Sorry if my response seemed terse. Protecting one's hearing should be an absolute priority regardless of tinnitus causes. 




 In older age, would the nerves be able to make much sense of the information? As this only replaces the lenses, the nerves would still be in their natural state, and it's my understanding that one significant cause of poor vision in the elderly is natural nerve degradation. 




 Many cases of tinnitus are idiopathic (unknown cause). Hearing damage due to loud noises is not always to blame. 




 Military spending in China has exploded in recent years as have capabilities. You can still have a massive military buildup without a massive increase in the number of soldiers. If anything it seems that the weaker the military tech, the more soldiers a country has. 




 Someone once told me "I'm amazed at how far you've gone with your life", but it was said in such a condescending way. I'm still not entirely sure if they were trying to get on my nerves, or if they actually meant well. 




  "The US Bureau of Labor Statistics lists that 915,000 people are employed in motor vehicles and parts manufacturing. Truck, bus, delivery, and taxi drivers account for nearly 6 million professional driving jobs. **Virtually all of these jobs will be eliminated within 10-15 years, and this list is by no means exhaustive.**"

This seems incredibly unlikely. Even if fully automated cars/trucks are commonly available by them, the switch is still going to be very gradual. A lot of people will still want their own cars even if they're automated, and it will likely take decades to transition there. Delivery companies don't have unlimited capital, and there are a lot of small companies out there, they aren't going to just switch the moment automated trucks become available.

I look forward to automated cars/trucks, but let's be realistic about it. 




 This is something I'd probably join a protest for, and I'm mostly against a lot of today's protests (not necessarily because of the ideas, but the lack of usefulness and structure).

Civil forfeiture has been used by the government as theft, plain and simple. For all of the publicized cases, just imagine how many unpublicized cases are sitting in the dark. 




 That's in reference to the upgrade from Win Phone 8.1 to Windows 10. Carriers choose when to push that update to existing users, but after that they are no longer in such control. 




 I'd love to see dedicated and potentially elevated bike routes developed in cities like Seattle. I'm an avid biker, and love riding on the weekends on trails, but even still there is no way I'd feel confident enough to get on one of the existing 'bike lanes' along the busy road. I'm sure if cities developed bike routes where riders didn't have to worry about crossing and riding alongside car traffic, the number of riders biking to and from work would explode. 




 Shit. I hope I never accidentally puncture my Comcast router. 




 Looks awesome. 

Will you be using the storage tanks for drinking water too? If so you may want to check with the feed store, they look like poly tanks. While growing up out in the country years ago, we had a neighbor who wanted to setup poly tanks from the feed store for drinking water, but was told they are unsafe because chemicals leak out and they are often treated with fire retardants. It's probably fine, but you may wish to dig for a little more info about the tanks.

Edit: I should mention they did eventually setup poly tanks, but they had to get tanks that were certified to be safe for drinking water.  




 Unfortunately a lot of bacterial diseases are headed in this direction. The effective antibiotics left to treat them usually come with super high cost and very unwelcome side effects. Additionally there is a rather scary scenario where a previously antibiotic resistant infection responds to a different class of antibiotic, but by then it results in an opportunistic infection with resistant c. diff. bacteria. C.Diff bacteria is now highly resistant to antibiotics and kills more than 30,000 people each year in the US alone. 




 And here I am happy with myself if I can make it to the front door with all the grocery bags in one trip. 




 The title is poor, I clicked through expecting it to be some article related to general business through the internet. 

ICANN is out of control and actually destroying the open nature of the web in my opinion, and it's making TLDs a joke. Google for example bought ALL the rights to .app domains. Nobody else can use them because ICANN is preferring big business over individuals. It's a step in the wrong direction and now everything is a mess. 




 It's going to get a whole lot worse too. The condo/apartment construction boom is far out pacing the growth of traffic capacity.

I moved to the Seattle area 10 years ago and it used to be smooth flowing traffic on the Eastside for the most part. Now it's a crawl. In Newcastle they are building a 900 unit condo/apartment complex without any major road modifications. 5 years from now we will likely look back on today's traffic with fondness =( 




 -Floyd Mayweather. 









 It's the truth. The last time I committed a random murder I got away because I did all these things! Nobody even knows I committed...

^Shit. 




 Even if this misleading stat were true, it's a lot easier to expand an existing college campus than it is to expand a prison. Creating an entirely new university due to saturated capacities makes much less economical/administration sense than creating new prisons when they reach capacity.  For the most part, college campuses are continuing to expand across the country. 




 I grew up on a farm and was told by the chemical reps that Roundup was perfectly safe, so as a kid I was sent down into the canyons near our farm to spray out Canadian Thistles with a backpack sprayer full of roundup. Sometimes I'd come back soaked with it from blowback that came from the nozzle. I now have a lot of health issues, and it's clear Roundup is not as safe as Monsanto claims... but I had extremely heavy exposure as did my siblings and neighbors, and there were no acute effects from it. I find many cases of children dying from being near sprayed coca plantations in Columbia unlikely. If it's true children are dying near the sprayed coca, it must either be from something else besides Roundup, or they are being exposed to heavy quantities of Roundup in some other way. Getting caught in the spray from a helicopter/plane is not that much exposure. 




 Maybe she likes what she does? If she worked 60 years as an operating room nurse and didn't make any major financial mistakes I'm sure she'd be wealthy enough to retire. Thankfully nurses and those in healthcare get paid quite well, especially those in the operating/emergency departments. 




 Keeping the mind busy and feeling like you're contributing something seems to have a major impact on longevity and health.  




 Aging sucks =\ 




 Jesus. Everybody in the initial situation lacked street smarts. If you see people fighting/arguing without many other bystanders around, standing in the middle of the street and recording them, and then being somewhat verbally combative with them is not a smart move. It's likely only going to escalate the situation.

It seems pretty common for people to get into arguments near  bars when I'm in Idaho, and when that happens I'll just chill inconspicuously nearby either alone or with friends. In almost all cases either the argument burns out, or the cops come... But if I were to stand in the street obviously filming them when they were already running on adrenaline, nothing good is going to come of it.

Hopefully this guy now knows he shouldn't try the 'in your face' type filming he does with police; with ordinary people already distressed... without expecting escalation. 




 No luck for me. Was your tinnitus associated with loud noises? Mine is related to brain damage and the drumming didn't seem to cause any change. 









 I tend to work late hours, so most of my 'free time' is at the end of the day.  I was also moving between high population areas, so I preferred to drive the U-Haul truck at night when traffic was almost non-existent. 




 I'm not a cop, but a few years ago when I was moving into a house I was doing most of my moving late at night. The nosy old couple across the street kept calling the cops and reporting suspicious activity.

The first time the cops showed up they were prepared for a criminal (hands on guns, flashlights in my eyes). But by the 4th time they just BSed with me and finally told the couple to stop calling the police.

I'm not sure what made the couple think burglars would bring stuff into the house instead of taking it out. 




 If you look up specs for your SSD you'll see the data retention rate in the spec. For consumer level drives it is typically 3 months. For example here is a spec for Seagate drives: http://www.seagate.com/www-content/product-content/ssd-fam/600-pro-ssd/en-us/docs/100727924b.pdf . Section 2.1 lists the data retention rate.

As far as how the data is lost, assuming manufacturing quality is generally consistent across the drive... you'll theoretically lose the cells with the most write cycles first. Most consumer drives store 2 bits per cell, so you'll be losing 2 bits at the lowest level, but depending on how the flash controller is designed you'll likely be losing larger blocks of data once you hit the data retention threshold under the right conditions.

Most people will likely be able to store the data for years without problems. The data retention period is basically what the manufacturer is guaranteeing with their spec before they see any risk. 

**Edit:** I looked up a Sandisk whitepaper about a controller  (http://www.sandisk.com/assets/docs/NetApp%20Write-Intensive%20SSD%20White%20Paper.pdf) and it has a good write-up about data retention:

 We work closely with OEM partners to provide needed device-replacement guidance, as well as information
related to expected data retention (that is, how long the flash media can retain data before it becomes
unreliable). It is important to be aware that there is a limited data retention period once SSDs have been
removed from service (that is, powered off). Retention is also dependent on operating and storage temperatures
and the endurance remaining on the device when it was taken out of service. Although the data retention
period for some HDDs can be measured in years, SSD retention is more typically measured in weeks or days
once the device is powered off. The Lightning Write-Intensive SAS SSDs are capable data retention of 90 days
at end of life 




 They still have some lesser-known hurdles to overcome, most consumer drives have a relatively low data retention period of ~3 months. What is a "data retention period" for SSDs? It's the length of time the manufacture claims you can have an SSD powered off before it'll begin to lose data.

Unlike mechanical magnetic hard-drives, today's SSDs need to be periodically powered on or else they will begin to lose data. I don't think many people realize this, even those using them in enterprise solutions. So mechanical hard drives won't be able to be replaced by SSDs at the consumer level for all scenarios, until consumer SSDs data retention rates improve, even if SSDs are eventually cheaper. For this reason, we probably won't be seeing any trustworthy external backup drives using SSDs for a long while. 




 My only other option is satellite, and due to the high latency that'd really limit what I can do. I like Comcast service when they aren't being so snakey. 




 They are the devil when it comes to making money without caring about individual customers. They charged me $50 for a "tech visit" when the cable to the house wasn't working. The line to my lot had been physically disconnected and it wasn't my issue, but they charged me for it. When I called I spent almost an hour talking with support to get it removed, and finally after saying no repeatedly they said they'd drop $20 off the charge like they were doing me a huge favor.

Fuck Comcast. 




 Win2k8 is Vista Kernel, Win2k8 R2 is Win7. 




 Being stood up on a first date. I've had a lot of very successful dates, but just thinking about the two times I got stood up makes me feel awful. Even if they claim the next day that they fell asleep, it's still a piercing dagger through the heart of self-esteem. 




 It's the same maneuver he pulls at the office when somebody is about to take the last cup of coffee. 




 Not really, it wasn't a very serious relationship so I wasn't very tied to it. When we went out she wasn't hitting on other guys, so there was little for me to be insecure about. As far as the money goes, sure she may have made more in a short period of time, but my career has continued to grow and I have my sights set on launching a startup company. Feeling emasculated by comparing my income to hers wouldn't be reasonable considering we were both going down different paths. 




 haha. No she didn't, she just danced I'm pretty sure.  




 I'm friends with a girl who cammed, and she probably made more than me, and I'm making a very decent living. We dated/hung out for a while and I helped her get her own website up where she'd direct viewers from her cam shows... Some days she'd spend an entire afternoon/evening cam'ing and make several thousand dollars.

Eventually she stopped because she wanted to be a good role model for her young daughter (though it's not like her kid was around when she was on the cam), but I'm sure she made well over two hundred thousand in a relatively short period of time, because she bought a condo in downtown Seattle. It was crazy. It was also awkward at times, because here I was working my career and saving for a house, and she was pretty much getting more money thrown at her for talking and dancing at home... But I don't hate on it, it's a much much safer way for a girl to make quick money than some of the alternatives, especially if they are smart about it. 




 The most powerful tyrant would be able to convince the people to vote out his foes. 




 I still have a very diversified "portfolio" outside of MSFT, and from my perspective if MSFT suddenly tanks then there is probably something very significant happening with the economy and it's unlikely I'd be any safer in other dividend stocks. 




 I may be bias because I'm an employee, but MSFT is my go to dividend stock, followed by Johnson   Johnson.

Growth is all about timing, so I don't really have a favorite.  I don't like taking major risk, so my 'growth' stocks may not be viewed as such by everyone. But lately I've had a lot of stock in Disney for growth, though it's slowing down and I'm looking at energy related stocks as replacements. 




 Not seen are the plug-ups of frustrating despair. That soil and dampness is just about perfect in the gif.  




 In their early/mid 20s I think people still believe they can get super rich by putting in great day-to-day work at a very well established corporation. By their late 20s and early 30s it begins to become clear that those dreams are rarely reached unless you're willing to work there until your 40s or 50s. When that realization is hit I think most people will either quit to create/join a startup, or de-emphasize work and focus on their personal lives instead. 









 Whichever nation first begins to successfully tweak genes prior to birth will likely be the forefathers of Earth's future dominant species. 









 There are a lot of illnesses out there that attack the nerves and can cause temporary paralysis, one of the most well known being "Guillain-Barre Syndrome". People with GBS can be fine one week and paralyzed the next, only to recover days or weeks later. 

Unfortunately however, neurology is still a very young field and there are many unknowns still out there. I was partially paralyzed in 2012 after having a year of slowly progressing neurological issues and spent a month in the hospital. The paralysis went away but the other issues continue. Tests were run daily, experts from universities came in, yet nobody was able to determine the exact cause. It's crazy. 




 The impact of this could be huge. Nearly a million people are estimated to die from HBV each year, and many many more likely undergo chronic suffering related to the havoc it wreaks on the body. A cure would give so many people their lives back. 









 Far more people have died in the Mexico drug war in the last 8 years, than people have died in the Afghanistan war in the last 14. It really puts things into perspective about just how bad things are in Mexico. 




 Somewhere in one of those buildings, someone is sitting in a bathroom having the worst shit of their lives. 









 If it's a formal declaration, I'd first sell all my stocks and transfer all my cash to the same bank. Then I'd go to that bank, take out a significant amount of cash and buy silver as a hedge against the possibility of a future financial system collapse. After hauling it to a secure location, I'd load up on food staples with long shelf lives to increase my chances of survival in the event of severe food disruptions.

I'd talk to my parents who live on a farm and work with them to provide long-lasting food supplies as well. Then I'd buy a motorcycle and extra gas for if I need to get out of the city and make it to my parents' farm.

I wouldn't really be worried about a nuclear attack, but I'd be worried about disruption of already fragile systems (power, food   fuel supply).

After increasing the chances of my survival for a future disturbance, I'd seek out individuals/companies/the government in search of war projects that I could assist with... Because I find it doubtful that a war with Russia would require a massive draft, yet I'd like to help where I can. 









 Is it really original content if it's based on someone else's graph that happened to have some flaws?  




 The major loss of functions and capabilities with age. If you were to take the effects of aging to even 55 and put them into a 20 year old, it'd be considered a horrendous disease that causes incredible suffering.  




 This year the top of Snoqualmie Pass has experienced less than half the snowfall of the previous *60 year* low record. It's quite extreme.

The good news is that Washington is still getting a lot of precipitation, so if those managing the reservoirs make smart decisions to hold back more water earlier than usual, there probably won't be a catastrophic water shortage.    




 It's just so much mass though.  




 Maybe he was next in line. 




 This statistic can also be misleading. Just because you are in debt does not necessarily mean you are poor. 




 You monster. 









 Have you set it up as an LLC or other official business entity? And are you prepared to properly handle the taxes? 

This thread is also full of a lot of negative jealousy. Good for you op, and don't let the haters bring you down. If this endeavour is successful then that's awesome! If it's not successful, then you'll learn something from it, and that's pretty awesome too. 




 This thread is full of a lot of negative jealousy. Good for you op, and don't let the haters bring you down. If this endeavour is successful than that's awesome! If it's not successful, then you'll learn something from it, and that's pretty awesome too. 




 Some old church-going lady is out there about to go through all the emotions while stuck in traffic... and she has no idea. 









 That baby isn't going to have the skills to hang on when you go over the swing set bar. 




 If you put people that plank, and people that do this shit in a Venn Diagram I don't think there'd be much of an intersection. 




 The gloomy part about the Seattle precipitation is that it is like mist most of the time. So even though other major cities get more precipitation in inches, you'll struggle to find any major US city that has persistent light rains like Seattle. It just never seems to stop in the winter/fall/spring. 




 That's awesome. This looks just like the hills in Idaho near Hell's Canyon. 




