












































 Sweet! You ought to cross post to /r/Hawaii as well. 




 What would you recommend for someone in the Ala Moana / Waikiki area? 

I'm trying to decide between getting my place hooked up or just buying a wifi router (is that even right?). 

Any advice for an internet caveman who's been off Island for way too long?  




 Not to be *that guy,* but I believe they caught her. Sorry, I'm on my phone... 



















































































































































































 Me too! 




  They are far from cute and cuddly.

They are mean mothers all right! 

I remember when I was a kid and we were living in the burbs of Chicago. One night, I went to let our dogs in to the house from their pen when they tore off to the back of the yard and cornered one. Fortunately, my mom heard the commotion, and when she yelled at the pups, they ran back towards the house. 

I'll never forget those glowing, beady eyes and that hissing sound. 

Course, I was a little guy, but it sure seemed big. 




 It's actually pretty good, if you fry it up...^and^you're^high^as^a^kite:~) 




 I'm more fascinated by the fact that the OP, /u/moocow808 predicted this would happen *over a year ago!*

I mean, what are the chances that last year, someone decides to come up with a username like that?! 




  unreal!!!

Welcome to my world! 




 The cold never bothered me anyway! 














 Obviously, I don't know exactly what happened, but couldn't they just block the traffic with their patrol cars until extra help arrived? 



















  she's 28.

Shhhhhh! Don't spoil it for me! 




 At least it was trying to do it's civic duty and was trying to apply for its Resident Card. 




 Do you honestly think I'm going to upvote this just because she's hot?!^already^upvoted... 









 Post this in /r/train_subject6188! 




 How in the world did this opossum get to Hawaii?

" It is not known how or when the animal arrived in Honolulu; however, opossums are known to hitchhike in cargo containers, which surround the area where it was caught." 


































 Just...please....promise you'll warn me before posting such headlines!

I don't want to have a heart attack before I leave for Hawaii! 
























 Wel, *I'm* here for ya! 




 Welcome to Reddit! 




 Couldn't click, passed out after reading the title:~) 








































































































 Indeed! And as an example, that's not even my original quote! 










































































  The article alludes to no attempt on behalf of the researches to carefully identify counties with similar demographics to those where fracking takes place as their control group.

And this is one of the many reasons why I love Reddit. I don't have all the answers and by reading the comments on submissions, people throw out great questions and facts that help me to understand the bigger picture.

I'm looking forward to seeing what comes from this. 




