 Turn the vibrate on your watch, join 50 group chat's, apply watch to your girl #shakeitlikeasaltshaker 




 I can't believe I can read. 




 THANK YOU!!!!!!!!! WHEN THIS SHIT HITS 2.32 I'M GOING TO SAMS CLUB AND BUYING SOME FUCKING INDUSTRIAL SIZED BOXES OF CEREAL AND FUCKING PIZZA ROLLS #YOUonlyOWNamdONCE 




 *slaps* Don't be such a pussy. I'm still in, stay strong!!! We're going to be rich!!!! 




 Yeah I didn't know that until about a week ago. You know who told me about Garmins dope smart watches? My grandmother. #YOLODOLO 




 Stupid fucking 3 days settling 




 True. I just could never understand GoPro. It's a camera company with a one trick pony. I think the people that would use one, have it. I think 5Y down the road it will look a lot like Garmin does now. With that said, I know you're not investing for 5y down the road, hope you make bank. 




 Don't trust it. Don't like it. Won't play with it.  




 Do you know a Soros or a Buffett? 




 First off, thank you. Second. I went ahead and for shits and giggles repurchased around .30 (only $500 worth) but I was curious if this was going to go all willy wonka after-hours and in the morning and I'm fine with losing $500.  




 I'm still in 




 You have prophets, fuck, where do you buy those?  




 Riding this money train with you brother. Are we taking out my yacht or yours? I've got $2,000 at 2.30 = GONNA BE A THOUSANDAIRE TOMORROW !!! 




 I saw about 60 million people running off the bridge jumping for a full day and I couldn't see exactly where they were jumping but I could hear them going WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, so at the very end of the day I decided to jump. It was a really fun ride but I went back up and there was 62 million people jumping today but the bridge just felt different so I decided to ask whats down there this time. But once again... I decided fuck it and jumped. I pray you hear me yelling Weeeeeee in the morning. 
 




 After Hours is looking positive. 




 NO. 




 Second question, I know nobody truly knows with a stock this volatile but what should people be looking at to help indicate the direction of this stock?

Thank you! 




 Oh great leaders where the hell is this one headed? I've jumped out and jumped back in. Debating keeping it overnight, I figured I would see what great advice I could receive to continue to YOLO. 




 I've got $2,000 just sitting around on AMD for the last week or so at $2.30.

*high five* 




 I hope so. I showed up late to the party and ended up losing money. I bought back in at $5.95. Hoping to recoup my losses and maybe a little in the morning. 




 How does today end? I'm tempted to jump in right before the day closes out. 




 How do I get in on this?  




 No I hesitantly gave him the card and stood over his shoulder watching him. I wish I had a cooler story but basically he explained the law and I acted nonchalant while also googling the law on my phone and realized we probably weren't being robbed.  




 You know nothing John Snow!!!!!! 




 I was passing through New Jersey with my girlfriend and we stopped to get gas. I legitimately thought the guy was trying to steal my girlfriends credit card. 




 Garett Richards.. It was a great day.  




 This was the closest thing I could find to an appropriate place to post this:

How much do you think I should sell my LG 47LX9500. It's hardly been used, I really mean that. Probably turned on once every 3 months. I could use it but if I could sell it for a decent amount, I don't watch enough TV to really care and would just buy something cheaper. 

Thanks 




 I sure as hell hope it doesn't because I've purchased ~~a lot of it's stock today~~, well a lot for me.  




 You killed it today with AVEO  




 Yeah I only spent $500 so I just don't really care and I'm riding it down. 




 Bought in at 7.25 and it just keeps dropping, should I take my losses? 




