 Today I'm going oem, but as soon as I have a few extra bucks I'm buying the piece listed above 




 Thank you so much, just bought a replacement plastic one since I'm in a pinch.  Will probably buy this one soon.  This is exactly what I'm looking for. 




 Yes Sir 




 06, 6 cylinder 




 3 piece plastic park pressed together.  The original lasted me 90k miles, now I'm replacing it due to total failure once a year it seems.  Can anyone suggest a quality part to replace it with? 









 Sounds about right, I knew ours was a couple. 




 The machine?  No, but I can ask.  I can however twach you how to you is.  It's rediculously simple.  I hadn't even thought of using it for homebrew.  Genius. 




 Meh.  Imperial Sweet stout made at 7.8% by an awesome brewery..... No fucks given. 




 Negative. S2E15 We met both of Lois' parents played by Cloris Leachman and Robert Loggia. 




 Or do I keep missing something?  The first episode I notice it being mentioned is the Christmas episode of season 3 in which Francis spends Christmas with Grandma. 




 Very true on the "Get what you pay for" stance.  I planned on going Paugcho with a 21' up front.  Please let me know of all the misc shit that comes up during your build.  Much love to an HD brother. 









 Let me know how the switch goes.  I'm saving up for a Softail standard (or custom) and want to make the springer switch.  Like most project I know there's going to be a lot of odds and ends that pop up while working on the project.  Keep us posted. 




 It's solid, I can dig it.  I do like the black and chrome contrast.  I saw you said you were going to go all black and those were expiremental pieces, but I like it as it. 




 What all do you have left to do 




 May be the best title in this sub.  Well played 




 See.. /u/Sheiko19 gets the humor of driving in Dallas traffc 




 So does that mean we can drive 85 now? 














 Upvote for title 




 Yeah, but I had a guy who was a reg at the dealership I used to work for (HD of Dallas in Allen TX) who could do it on a stock drive train with a 96' with a six speed.  No bored out jugs, no top end kit, no new cams. 




 Or, you know, when you shoot the springs out the top of you for tubes. 




 So I know this is the worst thing you can do to the front end of your bike.  Harley' are not made for wheelies.  But I still really want to know how on a bagger. 




 Be upfront and honest before hand.  Do what's natural.  Don't over think anything.  Sometimes don't think at all.  Have fun.  Be respectful.  Don't hurt yourself or anyone else. That's what I got for ya. 




 I have had ladies thank me after getting them off.  I thought it was cool.  Made felt like I did a good job and knew what I was doing. 




 1) have fun, don't be drunk, don't over think it.

2) high fives for the metaphore, just be upfront honest and direct

3) it last as long as it lasts

4) no clue, I have a penis 




 Different from woman to woman, that's one of the great things about them.  The one thing I would share.  Is if they feel rock hard or don't spread out or sink into herself when she lays on her back, they are fake.  Rock hard boobs are not always the case with breast auentation, but it's a sign of bad ones. 




 Well, it comes down to a few things.  The over all size of the guy and gal really.  If he's a very large guy and she's a very petite woman, vaginal death grip can occurr.  If he's small and she's a bit of a naturally larger woman in the lady parts area, he may not feel much.  But if both kind of mesh up in body type and size it can be tough to maintain stamina.  

You are right though, frequency or masturbating and style of grip can affect things.  It could also be the amount of time a guy has been masturbating with out having sex that could cause him to not be able to climax, with a virgin or not.  You just get used to how our own hand feels any thing else may be tough to get to finish with. 




 Agreed, and I hope they do.  I'd love to roll on a new street glide one day.  Have the ad ons planned out in my head and everything.  Just wish they had just stuck with the cable system. 




 Agreed.  A 110' engine with a six speed transmission is A LOT of power.  My old man has an 07 Ultra with a 96' and a six speed transmission.  As heavy as it is, that thing still flys.  If you put another 14 cubic inches of displacement on a lighter bike you'll be able to outrun most of your friends on older bikes.  If you throw a 120r on it, you'll be excited for a while, and dissapointed later on for a long time.

EDIT:  Don't be afraid to look into a used or older Street Glide.  The touring models over the last few years (3 I think) have had quite a few recalls.  They've switched over to hydrolic clutches and electronic throttles.  They've been running into a lot of failure problems.  Ive had two different bikes, one am 07 street bob, I've never had a problem with the cable throttle and clutch. 




 I never felt that Theo Rossi' acting tanked.  Charlie Hunnam's accent from time to time......   I wouldn't assign hate to Jax, I just see at as a total downfall.  For me it's more interesting just seeing how he's fallen apart without assigning emotion to it. 




 I'm hoping I'm just stating the obvious and you already made the connection, but it's a reference to the reaper.  And it being on the end of a M16 references the clubs roots being that of Vietnam War Vets 




 It's l I keep a game of Snake when you eat your own tail, but with cum 




 Meh.... things are coming back around 




 So the next question is do you take off the excess skin when you are 50lbs away from GW or wait until you hit the GW and be even lighter after the procedure?  




 Got it, upside to belts on HD's, graraunteed for life and almost no maintanenece.  Downside, loss of power.  That's all I really have.   Not cleaning and oiling a chain every 500 miles is nice 




 Too lazy to read everything (ironic In this sub I know)  But if you elect to get surgery to remove all you excess skin once you reach your GW.  How many pounds of skin do you think they'll remove? 




 This may be the most helpful post on reddit ever.  Good job sir! 




 I like that handlebar set up a lot more with the taller risers, good pick! 




 Yeah, I've heard.  And riding next them they sounded horrible.  Lots of creeks and squeeks.  One of the guys I rode out of Arlington TX with, his primary wasn't even properly aligned and he had no idea.  Couldn't figure out why it was so loud and squeeky  (more so than a normal 3 inch BDL, I'm aware they can be loud and slap a little)  He was another guy who loved bikes, had a ton of cash, but no actual working knowledge.  No judgement to the guy, but it's a bummer to see someone drop so much cash on something that wasn't built with any respect or love.  Even though the guy spent his $ at his own ignorance. 




 Are you asking more, "Why do some models have belt drives on the left and some on the right?" 




 Met and rode with 2 different guys who bought and rode OCC when they first hit their hight of popularity around '02 or '03.  Both said it was the worst $80k they've ever spent.  I thought of a lot of things I felt were wrong with that statement. 




 I love MDK, didn't know this was still a thing. 




 It's possible.  I thought the same.  The only reason a small bit of me was doubting it was a bot was the profile had 4 or 5 pics of the same woman, none of them professionally taken.  Most were solo pics, no selfies, only 1 or 2 with friends.  But fishy was the first thing I thought.  Also possible that it was a real person and just drunk late on a friday.  All of this started going on around 1am my time. 




 So I was about 80% certain this was a bot or someone messing with me.  The fact that a 25yo woman couldn't even spell masturbating right was was a pretty strong give away.  Not worth wasting time on. 




 She's an angler apparently 




 Yeah, thought did cross my mind.  I was about 80% sure it was a bot or someone messing with me, wasn't really going to waste time on it. 




 Jugs 




 I am a male, female sent me that message 




 That was actually the first thing I noticed, don't think it bothered me as much as it did you though 




 "All of them babe, you're so fucking sexy" 




 Also, apparently I don't know the difference between to and too... 









 John Wayne Gacy, American Serial killer, in the 70's I believe.  He targeted teenage boys, 3 of which were buried in the crawl space under his house.  For secondary income he would dress and perform as a clown at children's parties.  The clown character, which he named, "Pogo the Clown" was considered to be Gacy's second persona or alter ego. 




 Saving Private Ryan 




 Umm... The Interview?  The only "The Interview" listed on netflix in the US is the Seth Rogan film.  Please tell me you were referencing something else. 




 Man, what I wouldn't give to fluff her sleeves 




 This is correct 




 Over all its better for your body to take in nutrients through out the day.  Your body will get rid of whatever it doesn't need at a certain time.  Similar to water, a lot of people say you need to dri m 8, 8oz glasses of water a day.  It does your body no good to drink 64 oz. All at once, once a day. 









 And they cost 10 cents a piece, and we couldn't stop people from sending them to use racking up our bill! 




 Well played sir, well played 




 Rawr 




 It's one of our many graced 




 Probably just to say he was there.  I don't get it either.  I really wish The MLB office would actually enforce the 12 second pitch rule, I think more people would be in the stands if it moved faster.  Looks like this lady was just trying to get to her seat.  But yeah.... The fans need to be more active and support their teams. 




 /r/trampolines is pretty fun 




 Most exciting seats ever.  MLB wants to make the game more interesting I say drip all the nets 




 Why did the retard cross the street?  Cuz Nate fired him. (We fired an unpaid intern [he was actually that bad]  The next morning we found out he had heavy learning disabilities we didn't know about.  We thought he was just am immature ass hole) 




 Former employee here.  There was an incredibly generous side to him.  I had both seen and experienced first hand.  There was the dark side though.  I'm surprised the article didn't mention the sexual harassment lawsuit of 2010 and hardly mentioned the pending lawsuit coming this summer.  After certain interactions with him, I came to realize a lawsuit was one of his greatest fears (I still don't know why specifically)  What really dissapointed me I'd he really didn't know limitations and was master of reinvention.  If he had lost this lawsuit, I'd bet he'd be the person that could lay low for a while and rebuild a new empire later. 









 One of the many, Many benefits of having a beard is avoiding these situations.  I highly recommend growing one 




 If you want to spend A LOT of time working on it and A LOT of money in machine shops to get proper parts made go for it, go for it.  I know this is absolute heresy in this sub, and I may be casted to HD Down vote hell, but a mid 70's Honda CB750 may be a better project bike if that's the style and era you're going for. 




 That may be the most honest and real thing I've seen on reddit.   




 Wow, I really wish the original comment wasn't deleted.  Out of context this is amazing  




 Charitable and generous givers 




 I'd like to see a statistic in relation to divorce rate and couples who had stripper bachelor/ette parties that went to far. 




 Not exactly.  We (The United States) currently provide South Korea with armed forces to secure it's boarder against North Korea.  We are not in In a state of physical conflict with North Korea, just guarding its southern boarder.  Think of it this way.  You're a parent and your child gets beat up on the way home from school daily by a kid twice his age and size.  You'd like to teach your child to stand up for himself, but the bully is far bigger and a fight would result in a bigger beating for your child.  Instead, you just walk your kid home yourself, to deter the bully from starting anything.  




 Poor Richard's in Plano at Avenue K and Park 




 Wow, 3 whole people on the internet don't like the fact you don't like duck dinasty 




 It's what cream dreams are made of 




 How about, "Cass Blumpkin"?   Oooo!  "Citizen Dick Bag" 




 Amen 




 I feel the same way.  There's a lot of people coming to the family which is great, but seeing the same 883, 48's time and again doesn't do it for me like seeing the classics.  There is so much beauty in the classics that people put time, work, and heart into. 




 Did not know, thank you 




 You're not crazy, that theory is pretty popular (Brook's mother) my favorite fan theory is that the homeless woman is the Angel of Death.  Every time she appears it is right before  (and in one case right after) a major death, even appearing in Ireland.  She still may be the ghost of Brook's mother, maybe both. 




 It might be, the bridge kind of leans that way, the rest of the track kind of goes back to his more ambiguous style of writing. 




 Just like rain on your wedding day isn't Ironic, it's just tragic 




 Horse s**t.  It's about the consumerism and over consumption of bottled water destroys development in third world countries. 




 Most his are.  He gets pretty inventive in creating imagery with his lyrics.  But some of his songs seem fairly direct in his writing.  Be aggressive is about rough, forced oral sex and Flash Back (Tomahawk) is about child molestation. 




 Just make sure you use a solid bushing in your risers and you'll be good to go 




 Very cool 




 Yes 




 I was 16 when I saw it, 15 years ago 




 Keep it up! 




 You really need to repost this to /r/MURICA The fireworks and zebra cakes made my day 




 A friend showed me this picture on an old site called www.phun.org, thought it was funny, kept looking around, not really that "wtf" 









 Keep it going! Stay commited, stay strong, stay patient 









 Just repost post it, that's the easiest imo.  When you put up a title just make sure to put "x/post funny" somewhere.  Some redditors are dicks about calling out people who dont 




 Ohnplease, please x/post this to r/creepy 




 Inbred...

Ftfy 




 Any time 




 The picture alone is a good candidate for /r/creepy  




 As they say in Vermont, Gracias 




 Am I still the only one who is dissapointed the article doesn't even say what the motto is?  Still waiting in suspense 




 Huh, weird.  I always thought from the bottom of my knee to the top of my ankle 




 I think I can hear my bangs growing 




 Wish I could upvote this several times 









 Agreed, the guy's an arrogant drunk.  No matter what this situation is of a Dallas sports team, his comments are always patronizing or condescending.   As far as his public opinions, all he's doing is taking the popular high road.  None of his thoughts are ground breaking.  I agree with him most of the time, but he's such an ass I hate to admit it. 




