 ITT: A bunch of dead web sites. 




 Damn dude, you struck the lottery! 




 Eddie Murphy - Delirious. 




 "To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to all of life's problems!" 




 Pounding beers. 




 ON LIKE DONKEY KONG, BALLSLAPPER!!! 




 Bring it, biatch! 




 Mom's spaghetti. 




 And you probably drank beers, yeah? 




 Hello, Couch-bro! 




 Doh. 




 Well, sounds like the glass is half empty for you! 




 There's an app for that. 




 Aunt Bunny fell down the stairs again! 




 Well, that's awesome. I hope it was an excellent burrito! 




 Butterflies.

I mean come on, flies made of butter? Fucking tasty!

Edit: Lightning bugs would be kickass too! 




 Sleeping. 




 You started with cukes? 




 Nice to know some folks on Reddit appreciate one of the greatest standup routines in comic history. 




 Was there a shard of glass in it? 




 I remain confident someone at Google will invent a way for people to become immortal before I die. 




 Probably the piece that holds my front two teeth in. 




 1. Oprah Winfrey

2. Titan missle

3. Statue of Liberty  




 Wtf...

Edit: so did it...open your can? 




 GI Joe 




 Putrid. 




 But there's no atmosphere in Gravity. 




 $269!?! You were swindled, my friend. 




 Just brainstorming one of those twisty names Reddit loves oh so much. 




 A grapefruit. 




 Answer questions like these. 




 Very sweet! 




 Google that like you can't get enough Google. Google it so hard. 




 Remember that time at that wedding where I blamed that lady in front of us for that foul fart from the depths of hell?

It was me. 




 Ain't no grudge like a Risk grudge. 




 Wait, what? How did you not see her face? 




 Mwa mwaa mwa mwaaa mwa! 




 Walked on Mars. 




 If Ray Rice got into it with me. 




 Shit. You have a point. 




 Wat 




 I dislike that sound, even though I know what it is. I mean, it's a $70 million dollar aircraft, make it quiet. 




 Where the fuck are everyone's parents in Charlie Brown? 




 Well, he *is* white, so in this case... 




 I accidentally did that to a frog once. 




 How do you get back up? 




 Ahhh, Houston in November... 




 She should go to school like that. 




 Jared Fogle is going to have to get used to eating a different kind of footlong in prison. 




 Darth Vader, for Dad.

Mallory Archer, for Mom. 









 Those are some huge peanuts or a tiny box. 




 Is that Hitler? 




 Some of the biggest bitches I know are guys. 




 Swedish fish. 




 It's *damn.* 




 Usually when someone is obviously defending something I am against. Anti-vaccs, anti-LBGT, racism, etc. 




 What did rice ever do to you? 




 Correct people. It's *you're.* 




 Wassup my N/Gas? 




 It's fun to play at the YGCA! 




 Did you take this pic, OP? 




 You failed to mention the little alien spaceships that come out and try to blow your ass up as well. 




 Fuck shark week. Should be called "More commercials than programming" week. 




 Bull shark? 




 [Blast off!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4X65CYvtbA) Skip to 4:15. 




 True 




 Agreed. 




 You arent very near LA or SF then. 




 Here. Also, google "cross fit controversy."

http://www.livestrong.com/article/545200-the-fall-of-fitness/#page=1

 




 I've read about some negative aspects of it. 




 Are they? 




 Ah yes! Ty for the clarification. 




 Rhode Island 




 Earthquakes! 




 Crossfit. 




 /r/hirebustohitsomeone 




 Still, this is kind of a gray area. 




 Segway inventor. 




 We'd be right fucked. 




 Aunt Jemima/the Kool Aid Man/Pillsbury Dough Boy. 




 Futbol. 




 10,000 Tarantula Hawks. Somebody threatens to revolt? Don't make me release the swarm of Tarantula Hawks!

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarantula_hawk 




 Probably the Pegasus. It would be cool to fly to work on a horse. 




 Carpet bomb Antarctica. 




 Atari 2600. It came with "Pong." 




 I don't think you need to worry about it. 




 Gotta be [Mean Joe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xffOCZYX6F8) for Coke. 




 Sea Monkeys. They're not monkeys, they're just brine shrimp. Fuckers. 




 The beans! They keep blocking off my straw! 




 I was actually the "Runner Checker" one summer at a pool.

Had to ask everyone who came through if they currently or in the past two weeks had diarrhea. 




 43 US gallons. 




 Albert. 




 Creating the Doritos Locos taco. 




 That is infuriating.

I caught up to three cars on this drive, and all three of them let me by at the turnouts. I couldn't believe my fortune. 




 Have they outlawed 18 wheelers on that road yet? I just watched a video about those damn things taking up both lanes in many places.

Be safe! 




 Wow, yeah, that will be amazing.

This road is more tame, I would imagine, and I still managed to scare myself a few times! 









 Congrats, Lochness! Great idea on the plate, too! 




 Operating room. 




 The female kangaroo has three vaginas. 




 Ice Ice Baby - Vanilla Ice 




 Same for Diablo. 




 Apologies for potato quality. 









 Kill it with fire... 




 Might have some serious rust as well if it's lived in the Midwest for a long time. 




 But how does she handle the hose? 




 Stick your face in the toilet and drink all the water from the bowl. 




 CARL! 




 No, ALL! 




 Some park ranger was hit like SEVEN times. Then he killed himself. 




 Took about 10 minutes. 




 Fuck yeah, roadrunners! 




 Roadrunners eat them. They are badass birds. 














 If that's original, my ass is a banjo. 




 That's more like it. 




 What's the best subreddit to get my testicles to drop back down? 




 She's smokin'. 




 Why do you want to have carnal relations with my dog? 




 Someone's going to try to drink from your head. 




 Now the whole world knows where OP lives. 




 Nice try, OP. 




 And the winner is... 




 No, no we're not. 




 A picture of the destroyed car would be nice... 




 How can she sleep at night, knowing she is ripping off the theater that so depends on soda sales to make a profit? 




 I believe that's a C-69 Babemaster. 




 Whoosh... 




 Eh. A bit of a stretch. 




 Yeah... I don't get it. 









 I like this one! 




 This is cool. 




 I would take out his side view mirror with a baseball bat, pronto!

Edit: apparently not everyone saw the post about the BMW driver who knocked the mirror off a truck! 




 I'm not your buddy, guy. 




 Dolphins always have boners. Ask Jacque Cousteau. 




 Oh, I see. But I don't know. Someone here will, I bet. 




 Give everyone $100. 




 Drinking a beer, someone accidentally hit it and it chipped my tooth. 




 Bloody nose? 




 Burning it on the grill. Oh, the humanity! 




 Crabs are itchy. 




 Totally. 




 Doesn't matter, dick touched pussy. 




 Did he like it ruff? 




 M M with bourbon in it. Call it a M M B. 




 I like hot dogs on my ketchup. 




 Your Mom. 




 Good bottle of scotch for one. Chocolate truffles for the other. 




