 I don't like it any more than anyone else does, but isn't this the whole point of fast track?  




 Yeah, but in Wisconsin, they sell those cheese curd thingies. Walker's probably thick with the cheese curd lobby.   




 This dude will never be president.  




 DH in the National League! DH in the National League!  




 Great read. Thanks for posting it. 




 Perfect response.  




 Terrific. Good luck to you! 




 Exactly. Very well said. This GM needed a lightning rod already? He'll need another scapegoat before the end of the season.  




 I have bristles to cover my gaps too. 




 Donaldson leading off. Best hitters first; automatic outs second. I kind of like it.  




 Strong hands believe in BitShares. Despite the setbacks, this is the better mousetrap. Selling now, at a low, would not be wise. 




 In that case, it's impressive. But much of the volume on other exchanges has not always been people.  




 Bots or people? 














 White bread will do it. 




 Please don't feed the wildlife. 




 He is a human with a large head. 




 They have to bribe the tribal leaders, amongst other expenditures they'd rather us not know about. That's how business is done in many parts of the world.  




 Y'all know this is the Onion, right? 




 Hey GOP, nobody cares about Ben...what's it called? 




 Isn't "using in vitro fertilization" something that women do much more often than men? If so, might there be an argument that this has a disproportionately disparate impact (is a discriminatory law) towards women? 




 You are right that CMC just reports and that it shouldn't choose. However, in these still-early days of crypto, that's really where a lot of people discover coins. So if a coin is not listed there, then it really doesn't have much following. If cryptos were more popular and widely used, then CMC would not have such a large influence by merely listing them, so my speculation about future corporate coins is just that...speculation.  




 That is weirdly terrific, actually.  




 Washington is utterly corrupt. It would be funny if they served pink chicken and everybody got sick. Would the laws come out differently then? 




 Quite possibly the most beautiful place I have ever been.  




 Fair enough. I wasn't saying lower salaries necessarily lead to corruption, but it is a factor to consider when these folks hold society's power to enforce the rule of law.  




 What a shot. Those were some empty bleachers, too.  




 Coin market cap should be for truly decentralized currencies. If Bank of America or Walmart started its own coin, would CMC list that? 




 It's not a matter of the education. This is a tough job with a lot of responsibility and these folks go through very rigorous testing and training. If they're making a lot less than $100K, then they'll be just as dishonest and dirty and corrupt as law enforcement officers in many other countries. You don't want that.  




 Good for them. 




 Probably people from other cryptos who monitor this space looking for a chance to knock the grand vision of BitShares.  




 I would hope so. He ain't gonna make it too far without winning his own state.  









 He must have worked really hard on his defense down in the minors. 









 This is a good choice. I don't always agree with his opinions or conclusions, but Bruce truly cares about Bitcoin and has been involved in it on multiple levels. Plus, he understands financial markets to a greater degree than most.  




 No kidding! The guy can't hit a target over there and he just proved it again.  




 Made in...some factory overseas that's never heard of either team.  




 Don't forget Ryan Howard. He's hitting like Mickey Mantle these days.  




 They badly need to get rid of some of those contracts, build up their farm system, and reload.  









