 good one. 




 It sounds like you know what you want; go ahead, you have the internet's permission to pursue that. You have no obligation to him now, but keep in mind he has no obligation to you later. 




 The /Filmcast is the most obsessively anti-spoiler environment out there; if someone mentions Rosebud in passing, Chen will almost certainly interrupt with "Spoilers for Citizen Kane!" They have spoilers for their main reviews clearly delineated at the end, and you can avoid it with next to no effort if you haven't seen a film yet. 




 This might be a sort of extreme strategy, but it always helps me to remember that I'm **going to fucking die.** So are you--you're getting older by the minute, you're smoking, you're not exercising enough, you don't have long for this world. If you're like most people, I imagine the concept is fairly abstract and intangible to you, but I would encourage you obsess over it a little bit, really *feel* the inevitability of it. If you're struck dead by a car on your way to buy cigarettes, what's going to be left of you creatively? An unfinished first draft? An outline? An idea you never told anyone about? What ever you're afraid of right now, it should pale in comparison to what's in store. Here lies Stan, he was defined by what he consumed. Fuck a deadline, this is *real life* and it's your only shot to make something. Do it now. 




 good advice! this is the first time I ever used a shaker in a recording, so I was basically just trying it out here without knowing much about how to mix or arrange for it. Thanks for weighing in! 




 Rain. 









 Pfft spend ten minutes in this subreddit, everybody hates everybody. 









 Plenty of Catholics in the Midwest, boss. Michigan ex-auto workers, Chicago Irish, Notre Dame, etc. 




 Huh, I live about a block away. Small world. 




 I think they're very different skills, and I think anyone can do either poorly. It's silly to compare the lowest form of one skill to the highest form of another. 




 That's a rather condescending view of cinematography. Anybody can write shit down and call it a script, too, but while anyone *can* perform any production duty, everyone onset should have some degree of skill, practice and talent. 




 Just from an English/Grammar perspective, everything after "cost" in the last sentence is redundant. Also, it's generally considered bad form to end a clause in a preposition -- "a world in which she doesn't belong" is more correct than "a world she doesn't belong in. Also, these two sentences say essentially the same thing--woman enters high-risk situation to save husband--and could be combined without too much trouble.

I also think it's important to clarify whose addiction is ripping apart everything she's ever loved in the first sentence, as it currently reads as though Monica's addiction leads her to the brink of addiction in order to solve her addiction, which is a bit of a head-scratcher. 

Also, "rip apart everything she's ever loved" is kind of generically melodramatic; I think you're better off concisely setting up the specific stakes of your story. People love an awful lot of things; if it's her marriage or her family or her parents or her hometown at risk then say so--those words are technically smaller in scope, but carry a lot more emotional resonance, and are almost certainly more accurate. 




  Frankly, no, people shouldn't have to change who they are for the sake of others.

That's completely sociopathic. 




 Sure, why not? I mean hell, it sounds like it pushed some boundaries, it got stuck in your head, and it made you reconsider your assumptions on a subject you care about--that's a pretty effective work of art no matter how you slice it. 




 Yeah, ignorance, that's what I said. 




 Are you really justifying ignorance by saying that you have a gay friend? Are you running for office or something? 




 No, just kidding um

Hm, that's a hard one. No that

Didn't come out right. 




 I always picture Rob Stark acting these out. 




 fair point. 




 There are smart ways and dumb ways to engage with that material. For the most part, GTA games are smart, which is a big part of why they're beloved by critics and why the word "satire" pops up in reviews so often. With respect to gender, however -- an issue that affects somewhere between 50 and 100% of the world in a big way -- they didn't live up to their own standards of insight, and that was a problem for the reviewer.

My point, however, was that Blawraw busted out "transexual feminist" as if the reviewer's gender identity ended the conversation, which is at best ridiculous and at worst pretty bigoted. If sexuality has nothing to do with it, then why are so many GTA fanboys bringing it up? 




 yeah ok buddy 




 You've chosen writing people off based on their sexuality because it's easier, thanks for playing. 




 I read it yes.

 On a less positive note, its deeply frustrating that, while its central and supporting male characters are flawed and complex characters, with a few extremely minor exceptions (such as the aforementioned optional getaway driver), GTA V has little room for women except to portray them as strippers, prostitutes, long-suffering wives, humorless girlfriends and goofy, new-age feminists were meant to laugh at.
 
 Characters constantly spout lines that glorify male sexuality while demeaning women, and the billboards and radio stations of the world reinforce this misogyny, with ads that equate manhood with sleek sports cars while encouraging women to purchase a fragrance that will make them smell like a bitch. Yes, these are exaggerations of misogynistic undercurrents in our own society, but not satirical ones. With nothing in the narrative to underscore how insane and wrong this is, all the game does is reinforce and celebrate sexism.

The reviewer thinks that in a game that leans this heavily on social satire, it's lazy to just uncritically present destructive social attitudes without engaging in them. The extent to which this is a problem for you will vary, but in this reviewer's subjective opinion it detracted pretty significantly from what the game was in accordance with its own ambitions. 




 Because you've played it through and prepared a counterargument? Or because writing off people based on their sexuality is easier? 




 The thing is though, if you hate hearing the same old shit over and over again as a layperson, just imaging being in her shoes. All the witless jokes about her appearance every time someone disagrees with her, the self-righteous dittoheading about how she should ease up on feminism, and the *bizarre* anti-intellectual notion that critics shouldn't engage with ideas in games they review -- i imagine that shit *redefines* draining. She's given her life to a medium she loves and engages with it though principles she cares about -- if that's not how you live your life then that's fine, but just know that you and everyone else railing against feminism, fiction and *fucking thought in general* are smaller people because of it. 




 It is surprisingly good. Who said it's better than the original? 




 It has it's ups and downs, I think about half of it is great and half isn't. 




 Made by the co-creator of Home Movies and starring the voice of Coach McGuirk 




 "Make an oreo" is fucking stupid, too. Oreos come in boxes, and nobody makes one cookie. This joke was like 10% thought through. 









 thanks! :) 














 Given the level of semantic nitpickery that got us into this conversation, I think we should at least allow the author the restrictions explicitly laid out in his initial sentence -- if you privilege the word popular all out of proportion, then Jesus probably wins. So, nix the Beatles and the About.com list of classical composers, and stick with "composers," "American," and the "popular music" genre. I would happily include Sousa and Duke Ellington in a list of popular composers, and I wouldn't be terribly surprised to see them win a popular vote. I think we're all in agreement that "one of" would have fixed the sentence; I'm only saying that Berlin's body of work makes the hyperbole understandable, if not technically justifiable. 




 Do you think consensus would form around someone else though? Assuming you hold people to a specific definition of popular American music composer, the only other songwriter I could see having a shot at it would be Brian Wilson, while other opinions would splinter in a million different directions. People less inclined toward pop music history probably wouldn't agree on much, while more informed people will gather around greats like Berlin.

It was still an improperly literal word choice on the writer's part, of course, but I do think Irving Berlin could win a popular vote. 




 You're really blowing the lid off the whole system here, man. I'll never look at historical fiction the same way again. 




 I kind of feel like news stories aren't really news stories when they have question marks in them. 




 Aw, that's sweet. Any idea when that was sent? 




 Tropic Thunder's great satire; so are The Cable Guy and Zoolander. He's been a wildcard on my list of favorite/most interesting directors for a while, so I'm really hoping this turns out well. 




 It's a contraction Bob, take it easy. 




 Exactly, he's Stringer Bell in The Wire universe too, that doesn't mean he never acts again. 




 [Yeah, this guy's an idiot.](http://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html) 




 ! 




 Are you saying that because you have data on the matter, or because you've just never asked your professors about their research? 




 The content of this article is interesting and helpful, but I'm downvoting it because its been taken from its original context and transplanted to a personal blog, with a link trying to sell some pseudo-scientific treatment crap at the bottom. If you were to link to the original mayo clinic page without the stupid title, I would upvote that. 




 This is r/psychology, an evidence-based scientific approach to depression is preferred to a broadly philosophical one. 




 I was particularly won over by the idea of a parade; I hope there's floats and cotton candy and clowns. 









 I generally avoid the word "swag," but it seems appropriate here. 




 Hmm. I have a significantly different impression of how Kevin Smith thinks about himself. I'm not a Smith apologist by any stretch, but his podcast is one of several I listen to, and he's always entirely candid about the fact that he considers himself a writer/storyteller far more than a filmmaker in any real sense. His handling of Cop Out was pretty childish, he has a tendency to pander to the lowest common denominator of his fan base, and I do get the sense that he's been living in a success bubble for quite some time, but it's a pretty blatant exaggeration to say that he considers himself a "great" filmmaker while Clerks is "so poor it's great." I think he's best considered as an inarguably major figure of the 90s indie renaissance most notable for his screenwriting, and trying to measure him against Kubrick and Bergman doesn't make much sense, particularly when I don't see any indication that he invites such comparison. 




 It's obviously cool that you did something uncomfortable to help out your friend, but it's also pretty cool that you didn't half-ass the man-kiss. Everybody wins, well done. 




 That movie peaked for me right there. 




 This pairs nicely with the thread about boobs being the center of the universe. 




 This article wasn't about *The Hearts of Age* on YouTube, it's about a newly discovered 40-minute film called *Too Much Johnson*. Your opinion on age and craft and whatnot is all well and good, but it doesn't have much to do with anything here. 




 It's funny, I remember when this ditty was just another anti-Bush song. Pity it wound up being so timeless. 




 Oh God that's exactly what's happening right now. 




 [Say Yes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcalJSO6jDY) is an incredibly sweet song, if you'd like to explore his non-suicidal side. 




 /r/limbojerk 




 I suppose that depends on whether you're racist and full of hate.  




 The "black people don't have very good design sense" stereotype doesn't seem nearly as damning to me as the "white people think bad design from people of other races is hilarious" stereotype. 




 The other replies are right; I meant that it's attempting something very different, but is still a great use of the form. 




 When defending digital effects to analog purists, this is literally always my top example of CGI done right. On the other end of the spectrum, *Scott Pilgrim vs. the World* is always second. 




 This is a great use of "mind the gap" 




 Take off all my clothes. Not a terribly impressive feat, but it sets a nice mood. 




 Hey there, I downvoted you because this gets posted every time Bill Nye comes up here, and if it was ever relevant to the content of a link, I don't really think it is anymore.

edit: the irony of being asked to write an explanation for my downvote, then being downvoted without explanation, is pretty funny. 




 co-wrote with the Nolans. Goyer and Snyder can shine in the right environment, but get lost when left to their own devices. I hope they bring in some good talent to work with them on it. 




 Frank Sinatra's *In the Wee Small Hours*, Frank Zappa's *Freak Out*, The Beach Boys' *Pet Sounds* and the Beatles' own *Rubber Soul* and *Revolver* were all pretty strongly album-oriented as well, but you could argue that *Sgt. Pepper* encapsulated that ethos more fully and made album-oriented pop/rock a common practice. 




 probably for the best 




 Though I'm an atheist in every practical sense, I tack on agnostic as a polite, friendly concession to people of faith that everyone's knowledge is limited. I seem to be in the minority on that. 




 What the fuck are you talking about. 




 hell yeah 




 Try tweeting him about it. 




 Remind's me of a [very moving radio segment on Mel Blanc](http://www.radiolab.org/blogs/radiolab-blog/2012/nov/06/blanc/). I find it to be a pretty frissony moment when they arrive at Mel's final words toward the end. 




 like how dog fight trainers make mean dogs, right? 




 [here.](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=godfather+saga+download) 




 fair enough. I meant to apply the term broadly to the early molecules best suited to self-replication, but I don't have any expertise on the matter beyond that of an interested layman. 




 we have no clear idea of how life originated

The evidence that life originated through random natural selection is a hell of a lot clearer than the vacuum of evidence in support of deliberate panspermia. Are you suggesting that wild speculation should be given the same weight as evidence-based theories? 




 Jesus that cat poem in image 28 got me. I hugged my cat immediately. 




 shit man, guess you'd better be the one to call then. 




 delusion confirmed 




 [This one's kind of a bummer, but I think it gets at a lot of truth.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9PzSNy3xj0)

From the priest -- *Synecdoche, New York* (2008)

Everything is more complicated than you think. You only see a tenth of what is true. There are a million little strings attached to every choice you make. You can destroy your life every time you choose. But maybe you wont know for twenty years! And you may never ever trace it to its source. And you only get one chance to play it out. Just try and figure out your own divorce

And they say theres no fate, but there is, its what you create. And even though the world goes on for eons and eons, you are only here for a fraction of a fraction of a second. Most of your time is spent being dead, or not yet born. But while alive, you wait in vain wasting years for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right, but it never comes. Or it seems to, but it doesnt really.

So you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope that something good will come along, something to make you feel connected, something to make you feel cherished, something to make you feel loved. And the truth is is, I feel so angry! And the truth is, I feel so fucking sad! And the truth is, Ive felt so fucking hurt for so fucking long and for just as long, Ive been pretending Im okay, just to get along!

I dont know why. Maybe becauseno one wants to hear about my miserybecause they have their own.

Fuck everybody. Amen. 




 I was just thinking about the fact that pretty much everyone is fooling themselves about something, and that I probably am as well. It's obviously a tricky question to answer, but what total falsehoods do you think you might be clinging to, and why? 




 Should we ever be bound by uncompromising ideological absolutes? 




 Nothing against the effort, but it just goes to show how color/b w photos create different subjective moods. I always thought of the original image as far "cooler" than the red warmth of this treatment--if I'd colorized it, I'd have put them all under blue lights. 




 [I did.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donkey_Kong_\(video_game\)#Story_and_characters) The only references to any malevolence on Mario's part are the claims that D.K. is his pet and was mistreated, but there's no citation on that and it's not evident in the game, plus there's no ambiguity in the fact that he's rescuing her. He *is* the antagonist of the game's sequel *Donkey Kong Jr.* though, maybe that's what you were thinking of? 




 Why do you think that? She screams "Help" when Donkey Kong takes her and then has a love heart appear when Jumpman rescues her. 




 Forget "Revolution 9" and "Wild Honey Pie" (both fun experiments that remain surprisingly listenable if you give them a chance), the absolute worst Beatles song is ["Don't Pass Me By,"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSd4evT8Nw8) written by Ringo for the White Album. It's not just that the lyrics are dull and stupid, though there's that, but the arrangement and production seem like a deliberate assault on good taste. If there's an elivator down to Hell, this song is playing on it 24/7.

I quite like "Octopus's Garden" though. 




 My name's Ted, I'm a dude, and you're right, it's not about me: sometimes one should try to empathize with other people who have different experiences than one's own. 




 What does her physical design matter?

I'm not trying to bust your balls here, but you're asking that question because you've never played a game where the male hero was sexualized in a way that wasn't empowering. That's the male experience with video games, and the images of this post provide some insight into the female experience with games: sexualization in an unempowering way that has no practical benefit in the game world. Physical design is meaningless to you because you're in a position of privelege, but it's not meaningless to everyone and that's the point. It's just kind of a weird, off-putting trope that makes half the world kind of uncomfortable.

On your other points, Tomb Raider is a really fun game in spite of the creepiness surrounding Lara's design. Those seven polygons seem to have struck a chord with designers and audiences, because Croft's tits have dominated the series ever since, and it just seems unnecessary. 




 That's the point: males are often empowered by masculine sexuality, females are often objectified by feminine sexuality. I don't have an easy answer to that, but I think it's probably valuable for men to empathize a little by experiencing sexuality the way female gamers do. 




 That's a very insightful post. I'm not so much objecting to super-masculine escapist protagonists--though I do think they're often kind of silly and boring--but it is a little more troubling that female characters are so often degraded by their sexuality rather than empowered by it. Including normal women--hell, pretty women if you like--invites a far wider audience than the usual tit-flaunting girls who never wear jackets. Also, I'm more interested in games that aspire to be more than escapism and don't need Conan-like protagonists. I'm not trying to deprive escapism from people who enjoy it, but I'd like to see a larger market share of inclusive games that don't lean on sexuality so hard. 




 There's a significant difference between grown women dressing themselves for practical purposes at the gym, and grown men *designing* women for aesthetic pleasure. Also, suggesting that my previous comment boils down to "what you do doesn't matter because of what you wear" is to miss the point in such spectacular fashion that I question the value of further discussion. I don't know what you read the first time, but what I said was:
There are many admirable traits about the character's execution, but there's nothing ambiguous about what drove her physical design 




 No it's not, our interpretation is based on [this](http://i.imgur.com/WNrdi0D.jpg). There are many admirable traits about the character's execution, but there's nothing ambiguous about what drove her physical design, and Gard is covering his ass because times changed. 




 I don't want to speak for peon47 here, but I'm pretty sure he skipped Uncharted because it's completely irrelevant, as Nathan Drake isn't objectified. The majority of AAA games present male protagonists as power fantasy surrogates, while female characters are far more often designed to titillate males rather than empower females. 




 The overwhelming majority of the comments here are idiotic, but this actually makes a really interesting point. Sexualized female game characters are so established that guys don't even think about them, while most straight gentlemen would probably be pretty uncomfortable playing a game with this protagonist. Plight of the female gamer. 




 You're projecting an awful lot there. 




 Thanks for sharing this! I always used a similar setup, but I never made the connection to tie the time remapping to a blank slider, that will make life a lot easier. 




 That doesn't seem relevant here. 




 Valid reply, but I meant truthful in the artsy sense of the human condition and whatnot as opposed to accurate. The Road still counts. 




