 This is Amy.  To start, congratulations on starting new endeavors!  It takes courage and isn't easy. But it is worth it!   To your questions:  1) It is important to develop a threshold for when to "stop."  Different creators have different thresholds and my research shows that it is important to set a "failure ratio."  By that, I mean that it is important to decide ahead of time what ratio you will tolerate to keep experimenting.  Some entrepreneurs set the ratio to be 1 in 3 things that won't work out - or 1 in 4 experiments - or 1 in 10 attempts to get the business launched.  If you have already hit your "non-success threshold" then it is important to make that decision and quickly change direction.  It is difficult to give concrete advice here without knowing more about your specific startup and numbers.   My best advice is to test your assumptions with at least 3-4 people and discuss your own personal "failure ratio" before making a concrete decision to stop or continue aggressively. 

2) Regarding seeing a "gap" and approaching the owner of a patent, it is important to   approach patent discussions fully armed with legal advice.  My best suggestion is to reach out to a patent attorney before you contact the product's owner.  Information is power and you want to be best informed. 
 




 I am Amy Wilkinson (www.amywilkinson.com), an entrepreneur, author of The Creators Code: The Six Essential Skills of Extraordinary Entrepreneurs, and lecturer at Stanford Graduate School of Business.  I have interviewed 200 of todays top creators including science entrepreneurs who have launched The Langer Lab at MIT, Theranos, DEKA, and SpaceX along with the founders of LinkedIn, eBay, Under Armour, Tesla Motors, Airbnb, PayPal, JetBlue, and Dropbox to distill the commonalities that underlie entrepreneurial success.
 
In this AMA, we will hand you the keys to turn your ideas into enterprises that endure. Creators as diverse as the founders of FoldIt, Chipotle, and Spanx, all shareand have honedfundamental skills that can be learned, practiced, and passed on. Entrepreneurial success is born of daring, discipline, and the six skills identified, proven effective in a variety of endeavors and industries:
 
* Find the gap: Spot opportunities that others dont see
* Drive for daylight: Manage speed by focusing on the horizon
* Fly the OODA loop: Master fast-cycle iteration to Observe, Orient, Decide, and Act
* Fail wisely: Set a failure ratio and hone resilience
* Network minds: Harness cognitive diversity to build on each others ideas
* Gift small goods: Unleash generosity to increase productivity

/u/BrianMorin_ACS: I am Brian Morin [(LinkedIn)](http://www.linkedin.com/in/bgmorin), a materials physicist and serial entrepreneur with over 200 patents and inventions generating billions of dollars in revenues.  My current company, [Dreamweaver International](http://www.dreamweaverintl.com), makes separators for lithium ion batteries and supercapacitors from nanofiber pulp using conventional (but very high quality) papermaking techniques. These separators provide much improved safety at a lower cost than conventional separators.

This Thursday at 2:00pm ET, I will be presenting for an [ACS Webinar](http://www.acs.org/content/acs/en/acs-webinars/business-entrepreneurship/creators-code.html). /u/BrianMorin_ACS will be moderating the live Q A after the presentation. We would love for you to join us as we talk more about my book and discuss how you can start your own business and how to apply the six essential skills in your business.

We will return at 1:00pm ET to answer your questions!

We are here and ready to answer your questions!

Amy and Brian signing off.  Thank you for the great questions and hope you enjoyed our perspectives! 




 Good question - as I read in the Economist a while ago, humans overestimate what is achievable in 5 years, and dramatically underestimate for 50 years.  So much could happen in the next 10 years, thanks to all the research ongoing in renewables around the world.  Predictions:
i) Big breakthroughs with respect to sodium ion batteries
ii) Flexible, cheap, plastic solar cells will become available
iii) Water splitting to generate hydrogen fuel will become common
iv) Good progress is made to use solar energy to convert CO2 into diesel 




 Already happening in much of the world, with China leading the way. Good old polycrystalline silicon is a fantastic technology (reliable over 20+ years, good efficiency), but it takes 3-6 years to recoup the energy required to make the cell; after 3-6 years, all the energy produced is 'free/new', which is good. 

China is going to probably install almost 17.8 GW this year, which is the equivalent of 18 large nuclear power plants (1 GW each, or so).  That's a lot of power.   

http://www.pv-tech.org/news/trina_expects_china_to_hit_2015_solar_deployment_goal 




