 SD card was taken from Grizzly shit. OP is the park ranger.  




 Basically Souvlakistan lost total autonomy and are now Europe's prison bitch.  




 Ah,  another 80+ billion gone that we will NEVER get back and Souvlakistan can burn a bit longer.  




 You might want to take a course in comprehensive reading, because I have been quite clear. 




 It's not up to you to decide they opinions are reprehensible. Who made you a god? It may be your opinion that their beliefs are reprehensible, but that doesn't automatically make it so.

Stop thinking the world revolves around you. 




 It's not up to me to decide if her statement is fine, neither is it for me to give judgement on her saying it. Do I agree with her? I don't think so, but that goes into a deeper conviction that marriage is an old fashioned concept regardless of gender. 




 Oh obviously it would bother me, however I would still defend her right to say so.

However if she was actively firing up the oven, that quite a different story.

Voltaire had something nice to say on this

 I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
 




 Thank you! You have a great day as well, friend. 




 We tip the paperboy at Xmas. Usually about 20-50 euros. Depends a bit on how the service was. This year so far he's getting the 50 euro tip. I got a morning paper,  and without fail,  it's there before I wake up, which is pretty early.  




 No no. It might be your opinion that she is for lack of better words, a prejudiced asshole. Doesn't automatically make her one because her believe are not in line with yours. 




 Good on you mate! 




 [Whoohoo I won another argument on the internet.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law) 




 I agree in the sense that I believe marriage is an outdated system that should be made completely equal to a civil union (same rights and plights). It's just a word that is causing a ton of crap. Let whoever wants to call it a marriage call it a marriage and whoever wants to call it a civil union a civil union. Most issues solved, Christians happy, homos happy. 




 Great "counter" there, buddy. 




 I'm not a fan of whiskey and cigars. But I'm sure my Gin and hooker  budget exceeds yours. 




 No, no I wouldn't.  




 Social Justice Warriors are a cancer that will ruin all progress made in the past 100 years. 




 Who says it's the right thing to do? It's a matter of opinion. In her believe system it is not the right thing to do. Perhaps you should respect her beliefs. 




 I would say the say the same as I am a proponent of free speech. Merkel could say the moon was made of cheese. It would make her look like an idiot, but she could say it none the less. 




 Nope.  




 Sure it will last you. However I have a nice looking kitchen and want a nice looking trashcan in it. I spend 20K euros on remodeling my kitchen,  do you think I would even hesitate at spending some cash on a nice bin instead of having some shitty disposable bin?  




 Absolutely right. If you think Merkel is a bigot,  feel free to express it.  




 That's fine. Whatever consequences follow from expressing your opinion are your own to deal with. You're still free to express your opinion.  




 Let's all not vote CDU,  wanna bet we van vote for who is Chancellor ;)  




 It's your right to say it. Whatever consequences follow from saying that are your own responsibilities.  




 And Merkel doesn't?  I guess being the single most powerful woman on this planet is not a powerful and influential political position.  




 It's your right to disagree. Doesn't mean you are right though.  




 And that is their prerogative. Luckily Germany is a democratic country and they can tell her next election.  




 LOL 




 Society will judge them. They are still free to say it.  




 I'm voting for her. 




 Nope. It would make me think less of them,  but I'll be the last to care what they say. Society as a whole will judge them accordingly.  




 Quite the opposite,  but also not a fascist telling people what they can and cannot say.  




 Najib pretty much told me to shove it when I missed a deal. Either I got unlucky,  or you got lucky.  




 She's a human being entitled to her opinion whichever that opinion is. If the German people don't like it she'll be a goner by the next election. 

My guess: we do not care.  




 Remember,  up and down votes on reddit mean nothing. Just voice your opinion in a polite way.  




 We're pretty sick of having our benefits being reduced year over year while we have to keep bailing out a corrupt and lying nation.  




 Almost 15% now.  




 Fortunately your opinion doesn't really matter.  




 Still ridiculous pricing. Got a 90 Oz tub of certified organic coconut oil for 18$ here. Restaurant supply store.  




 Just because you don't agree with it doesn't mean she is wrong or cannot say it. Two sides of a coin remember.  




 I'm not too fizzed about it. She said this on her personal conviction. There is nothing wrong with someone saying they believe that a marriage is between a man and a woman.  




 Maynard James Keenan. After dropping LSD. 




 No Walmart in Germany. I live in Germany. 




 Snagged a XB One 500gb + extra controller. + Halo: Master chief edition + headset for 299 (330$) on amazon.de. It sold out in less than 30 seconds. It's about a 100 discount over the cheapest I could find online.  




 Didn't he threaten to out his reptilian masters? 




 Nigger is just as bad as cracker. Case closed. 




