 She is leafing you? 

Damn...that's harsh. 

Sorry dude. 




 It's pretty much up to you. 

Sounds like you did your due diligence and you are off the hook.

Only other advice I could give is, if it's an older tube style TV, they didn't take to temperature changes well. (Sometimes) So if you left them sit to come around to room temperature they would often start working normally again. 

It's my 2c, good luck!  




 Everyone has to start somewhere. You are on the right road.  




 Funny, I feel like I have just had this conversation a couple days ago... 




 I have book one in my TBR pile as we speak. Really looking forward to it. 

So many good books and so little time.

Perhaps one day I will be one of the greats too :)

Or just happy with my own work...either would do. 




 Brandon Sanderson. You can't go wrong with his works.

If you want to try an indie, look up The Event, by J. Heppner.  




 People have started to steal my books and load them on torrent and epub sites for free...

:( 

Now the fun of trying to get them taken down begins, and so this creates even less time for writing.  




 It's a pretty well known fact that almost all authors don't read their own work. Even Stephan King went on record saying that he want's to edit/revise his work all the time.  




 Successful by whose standards? The same people that made the system? 




 OMG! We are all going to be dead!

(Already) 




 Congrats! Best thing you can do now? 

Put it away for 6 weeks or more. 6 Months would be better. Don't even look at it again. Just go write another one. 

When the time has passed, look at it with eyes that will be fresh and see the errors of your ways. 

You won't regret it. I promise. 




 Three! Have another four on the burners at all time.  




 Other than the shocked look, this is pretty much what I was thinking! Thanks! 




 I would like to see a man looking up at a ruined sky scraper-tower, with a German Shepard at his side. In a post apocalyptic world.  




 Oh man! ICQ! I forgot I had one of those, just logged into and BOOM! One of my old friends still uses it. That is so awesome! 
 




 Just before I got this letter I yet again had my books bought and then returned. (Pirated) People do this to me all the time and Amazon expects me to help them with something?

Hell No.

How about this...let me actually control MY OWN PRICES! Let me sell a book for .25 and make .24 in profit. Instead of 2.99 and getting .72c of it. 

You are forcing us to make our books stupidly expensive just to make a buck.

Give us authors a chance to control our work and maybe we will be more willing to help fight one of your battles. 




 A sprinkler....I WILL RAIN DOWN TERROR! 




 And you can sell the wheel barrow for at least twenty bucks! You're ahead! 




 I'm sure she has a big heart though.  




 Listen.

Look her (or him) in the eyes when you talk.

Turn off your phone.

Turn off the T.V.

Hold hands.

Go outside.

Talk to each other and don't be afraid.
 




 Thousands of others....thousands. 




 If you can snatch the pebble from my hand grasshopper... 




 Thank you very much! New chapter here I come.  




 Would love to step up and do what I would like for the next 20 years, but sadly, that won't pay the bills.  




 Sales. I was good at it, always came in with great standings. Customers liked me, just under appreciated.  




 And it feels great.

They cared so little about me that they didn't even bother to say a word about it. I will miss it in some ways, but in many others it can just go get bent.

Here's to a new horizon and a new future. I will write my own destiny!  




 I know! It's the N on that part number. Who uses a reman Bosch when you can get a new at the same price...(and better warranty) 




 Go away, or I shall taunt you a second time! 




 Email the company and they will tell you local suppliers or if you are lucky, send you samples. 




 OP and everyone else who has a tough time reading. Send me a PM with your email address and I will send you a copy of my latest book n/c. It's a light read, fast paced, and only about 4 hours to finish.

I can't make your desire to read become strong again, but perhaps I can give you something to start you on the path. 




 I'm...BATICE! 

No...that's not right, I need to just...chill...
 




 When it comes to your power supply, you can't go wrong with a bigger one. 

If you want to add something later, best to have the extra power now instead of having to just upgrade it later on. 




 *Deleted 




 Would you need more? Or less? 

Now that is the question.

If you have no need for $500 most will assume you are rich already. Or, you are so far in debt, that $500 isn't splash in the pan.  




 There are tons more to go though. His writing is a style all of it's own. 




 How about a guy reaching through a mirror as if the surface was just like the top of a calm lake... 




 If it can grow lettuce, it can grow...


Carrots! 




 Not the one I was thinking of, but looks interesting enough to check out on its own. Thank you. 




 Ahh! You nailed it! It was the mountain that was throwing me off. Thank you!  




 It was a long time ago and I only remember a few things...

-It was about 2 guys who tried to climb a mountain? (I think)

- I think one of them died while climbing and the other went into depression.

-He ended up living in an old train car at a ski hill?

-There was of course a woman mixed in here.

-I believe in the end he decided to climb the mountain in honor of his friend. (Not sure)

Sorry it's not much. What I can say so far is that it's not K2, but is from around that era. I have googled extensively, but have come up empty...

Maybe the Reddit hive mind will have better luck?

Thanks in advance!
 














 I have always wanted to build a 4x mustang. I was thinking an AMC awd drive train with a 89 Ish body. Not as tall as the one in the picture. 

The L6 would be awesome for low end torque too. 




 Keep writing, it will come. 




 Better than them lying to you and getting ripped to shreds on reviews. 




 Meow that's just silly. 




 Don't even worry about it. As long as you have the paperwork down for the American side...(IRS has no sense of humor btw, don't EVEN try to crack a joke with them)(Seriously) you will be just fine. 

If you happen to strike it rich, remember the little guy, aka - me and when it comes time to file your taxes, talk to an agent at H+R block or come back to me for more information.  




 First- How much are you earning? When I last did my taxes my agent told me I wasn't earning enough from writing to bother claiming the income yet. 









 Jim's Mortuary, you bag em we tag em. 

Or

I answer in another language, basically asking if they speak that language. Works great for telemarketers.  




 Depends on which of my stories you are looking at. Some are strong and independent. Others, are followers. Even others are mixing shades of either. 

Just like real women, in the real world.  




 I have a CD from a band called Gnoma. As far as I know it's the only one in existence. Heck, if you Google them, you get nothing. Nothing. Has a rock on the cover, but it wasn't punk...much. 




 It's only one book but try The Event 

http://www.amazon.com/Event-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B007JVCU3S/ref=sr_1_13?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1403836530 sr=1-13 keywords=jamie+heppner

Price was just lowered to. 




 I can tell you how to make 37k selling books. Just buy all my books first and I will tell you. 




 Perhaps the intro seems a touch dark, but I can assure you the story is pretty up beat. If you do take a chance on it, I would love your thoughts when you are done.
 









 Give this one a try maybe? 

http://www.amazon.com/Mirror-Thief-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B00FFRD672/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_8?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1403528597 sr=1-8


 




 I already write stories for my kids, would love to see one come to life in an actual book one day... 




 Upvote for the panda. ;)  




 I took a quick look and noticed a few things.

These have just been re-published, what were the old covers like?

You decided to comment on reviews, even as going as far as calling a reader the grammar police...how is that not biting you in the backside?

I wanted to hate you, but I can't. If you really are making the money you say, it's a jealous problem on my end. I like your latest covers. Simple but nice. Not my tastes, but then again that's why they are my tastes.

It's nice to know a fellow Canadian, and neighbour, can do so well as an indie.

Edit- Sorry are those your books or someone else's? Unclear... 




 Interesting...how about showing me some of yours? 




 You are welcome to take a look. 

Here they are.

http://www.amazon.com/Jamie-Heppner/e/B006N2IJU2/ref=sr_tc_2_0?qid=1388676465 sr=1-2-ent
 




 I have been published for over 3 years. At best I see $100 a month with 3 titles under my belt. Normally, I see around $10-15 a month. Don't expect to get rich unless you are already famous. 




 Sadly transmissions are a big job, I know, just dumped mine. I can't help because of distance, but it might be better to look for a new-other vehicle. Good luck either way! 




 Would you be more interested in the paperbacks or is an e-reader better for you?

And thank you. Every bit helps.  




 Thank you. 

I have been on a long link of bad lately. Even snapped at a friend because she had a run of good luck.

This too shall pass, just a touch of help wouldn't hurt.

 




 If you got this far, thank you again for looking. 

http://www.amazon.com/Jamie-Heppner/e/B006N2IJU2/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_pg_1?rh=n%3A283155%2Cp_82%3AB006N2IJU2 ie=UTF8 qid=1402419793 




 Punched a hole through my transmission last week. So far I am looking at over 2k to have it fixed. Both my kids inherited my wife's jaw problems, we have decided to fix it now while they are young, than wait till they are teens and spend 10x as much. My work, same job for over 20 years, was just hit with a major loss as our CEO and friend passed away. This has shaken the company pretty hard. 

Yep, what's next? I ask myself that too.

So off the top I want you to know, I am not looking for money, at least not directly. I have no problem with earning my money. 
I work hard, but it's tough, you all know it's tough. So I am asking for a trade.

I write books. And I have them available in e-book and paperback. I am hoping that even a few of you might be interested in what I write. It's not a perfect solution, but every sale I make helps out in the future. 

I have seen the power of Reddit do awesome things.

Thanks for your time, and the link to my work will be in the comments. 




 Untitled, original project. 




 Just did this in Canada, can confirm it works. Thanks! 




 No disrespect taken! 

After all, I am in the public eye. If I can't take a touch of critisism, well...I best exit stage left. And I agree with what you said. Honestly I typed this up in a rush at about 2 minutes before my head hit the pillow last night. If you are up to a re-read, here is the actual bite from the back of the book. I wouldn't mind hearing your take on it. 


His parents ignore him.

His motorcycle is trashed from the accident.

He has nowhere to sleep, no money left, and no job to earn more.

With few options open to him, Dario's future is dark, and depression is sneaking around the frame of his world. That is until his fingers push through the boundary of the reflection in front of him, and he learns that he can move through a world that others can only see.

Now...can he use this to fix the errors of his past, or will crime be the only option? 




 Some one needs to buy one of these so we can see what is really on it... 




 Dario woke in a hospital bed. His bike ruined, his family dismissive, and his job now gone. His stay in the hospital now just one more trouble on an already long list. That is until he finds out he can now enter the worlds inside of a mirror. Will this be an escape from the troubles that haunt him or just another thorn in his side?


Thank you for taking a look at my work. Please note that it is going on sale as of tomorrow (June 2nd) and will be on sale for three days. Hope you like it!  














 You will find a group of helpful caring individuals. Unlike most of reddit. The few who raise voices of disdain are usually silenced quickly by the mods. It's a great place to stretch your creativity.  




  Nice! I like the elephant. Looks awesome. Ever try your hand in /redditgetsdrawn ? 




 Any chance you want to link the art?  




 You have really tiny hands. 




 Or you can kill him the first time you see him and not fight him at all at the ballistas.  




 So...US only?  




 If you don't build a man cave - game room around this, I will be very disappointed in you. 




 Well, it's free, and linked to goodreads...not a retailer. I can see how it would be considered promotion, while at the same time, it's not. But gotcha. Thanks anyway?! 









 In Soviet Russia...No! Too busy! You go now. 




 Dry ice. But I didn't really 'find' it. 

 




 Bonus points if you own a purple pinto running on petrol. 




 Mirror Thief is an alternate take on a reality we all take for granted.

It's just a reflection to you, but to him it's a second reality. 




 Music sooths even the most savage of beasts. 




 Future Jumper Series on Amazon might be to your tastes.  




 It's the silence inside the mirror that speaks the loudest.  









 Looks interesting, but I think the ties end quickly.  




 It's just a reflection. Until Dario's fingers pushed through the boundary and a world of possibilies opened before him. 




 Nothing wrong with R.R. Martin, but know his story isn't finished, and he really leaves you hanging.

Course you do have 4 huge books to work through... 




 I burned up a good 5 minutes on a torch showing this to another player. Felt great when they finally got it. 









 301 now... 














 Just lags out. So... I'll take a copy for PC please. :-)  




 Unless you point something out we all missed. You are looking at a picture of the beach. Self explanatory. 




 The problem of having a fully geared player atfack you at SL 10, is gone. There are new problems now. You will still have plenty of fun though. Enjoy! 




 I'm still waiting on that last panel myself.... 




 For an indie author try the Future Jumper Series, by Jamie Heppner.

http://www.amazon.com/Worlds-Unbound-Future-Jumper-books-ebook/dp/B00HUHM2WK/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_13?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1398911323 sr=1-13 




 Mirror Thief by Jamie Heppner...of course in this case, reflective might be skewed...

:-)  




 Up vote for Sauce! 




 I have a few out actually...

Here is a link if you are truly interested. 

http://www.amazon.com/Jamie-Heppner/e/B006N2IJU2/ref=sr_tc_2_0?qid=1398263093 sr=1-2-ent 




 I typed out a longer description. Bit more detail. I don't want to name the particular person because it would make me as bad as they are.  




 You got it. See above please. 




