 Well my husband never buys me flowers, so it was about time someone did! 




 I didn't know I had any of them! It is a new house and I hadn't done much gardening. Then, just today I found all those and was so happy  









 I popped some of mine in a [pot](http://imgur.com/SHsHUTn) with a hyacinth and now they are filling my kitchen with fragrance. Love it!!! 




 I moved here 9 months ago and I am still in that phase. 

Just this afternoon I had a minor joyous meltdown in my front garden because some random plants I had turned out to be daffodils...my favourite flower. Daffodils don't grow in QLD.

I love it here and I am glad you do too 














 In my experience, 3year olds are worse than 2year olds. Sure it might be the terrible twos, but have you ever had to deal with a threenager? A 3yo with the attitude of a 15yo! My niece has 5 older siblings and she is the worst of them all. So.much sass! 




 I just can't wrap my head around that many people being in one place at one time. I guess that is why it distracts itself with questions like, what if you needed to pee? Or, how would everyone get home after? 




 I am really open to donating my eggs as I see it that even though the child will have my DNA, I won't be it's mum. Good on you for giving that joy to someone else! What was the process like? 




 I get that this is hardly a flattering shot of her and it is a little scandalous because she spent her teenage years directly appealing to children...but honestly, how is this any worse than some of the stuff Madonna or even Cher has done?

Does no one remember [this](https://mumdujour.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/cherkini.jpg)? 




 It's easy with Regular show. All you have to do is replace their sodas with beers 




 The Erotic Adventures of Bendydick Cumbersnatch 




 Oh god...now I am imagining twigs and rocks getting all up in your cumbersnatch *shudder* 




 Z looks like he just dissed someone hard 




 I am going to go against the tide here and agree with you. I like a lot of people I have chatted to on here. Sure you get the occasional douchenozzle but I still have a positive experience 




 Eww cheap rip offs. 

Yeah, any US stuff over here would be at least 3-4 bucks a bar 




 If you actually challenged a 7 yo with the topic of inequality you would be surprised with what they think. 

My niece asked my sister a little while ago "why those two men were kissing". My sister told her because they loved eachother. She was ok with that.

Fast forward a few weeks when the SCOTUS ruling came out and she asked me what all the rainbows were in my Facebook. I explained that some people don't like it when two men or two women kiss and want to stop them getting married. The rainbows are put there to show that we don't want to stop them getting married.

She asked me, without prompting, why they can't get married and I told her that because people don't agree with it and don't think they should.

"But they aren't doing anything wrong! They love eachother and people in love get married!"

Even 7 year olds can understand the basics of equality. Give them a little credit. 




 Ugh. ~~One~~ Once you get your momentum up the water starts rocking with you. More and more and more until it is spilling out over the edge.  




 Shit, this kind of stuff just kills me. I need to know that this dog is hugged and kissed every day of his new life 




 You don't get Cherry Ripes or Milo over there?!

I'm so sorry. 




 Ha ha ok! I am going to feel like such a drug traffiker! Make sure you get a trenchcoat so we can make the exchange look as dodgy as fuck.

Edit: Wait...will your customs let me through? I don't want to end up on airport security 




 Caramel is great. Put them in the fridge for a while and the gooey caramel bit in the centre goes chewy and it is awesome.

The black forest and dark chocolate ones are also very good because dark chocolate just works with the biscuit.

The white I am not fond of.

But overall, I just can't go past original. Bite both ends a little to expose the biscuit then shove one end in a hot chocolate and suck on it like a straw. Heaven! 




 Cool, thanks! 




 My husband is a big beer man. And he loves US beer. 




 I have been introduced to most of the American sodas through my old work, actually. My favs are cherry doctor pepper and cherry coke. Anything cherry, really!

We will be in LA, Vegas, NYC, Boston and DC 




 DC 




 Ohh they sound good! 




 I wish, but no time :( 




 If you ever get the chance, do NOT use more than a light smear on heavily buttered white toast. It is an acquired taste and anyone who just dives right in and lays it on thick instantly regrets it. 




 Glee! 




 At first I thought the girl didn't know how to dance and was just being included so she could learn.

But those hips don't lie, girl got skills! 




 I know :(

Next time 




 Baker Street 




 Weeee! Can't wait :D 




 You like it? 




 Chowder is the top of my list for Boston! 




 LA, Vegas, NYC, Boston, DC 




 Which flavour?

Caramel, white, dark, double dipped, black forest, red velvet, peanut butter or normal? 




 You have no idea how many times I double-checked my name before using it. I wouldn't be caught dead with such a grammatical error unless I was trying to be ironic 




 We fly out the day before unfortunately :(

Halloween is a cheap gimmicky thing here. Shitty costumes and an excuse to get drunk.
 Some kids come knocking but.most people wont have anything to give them 




 Chicago is not in the itinerary unfortunately 




 Flights are all booked unfortunately. Well, we had planned to train it but figured flying was easier. Ahh well...we shall see.

And Vegas was always on the cards. I really want to get all up in it's cheesy trashiness. There is nothing like it in Aus 




 Aww :( 




 I solomly swear I will go to Quincey Market! 




 Great! Thanks! 




 Cool, well thanks for that info. I will be sure to eat vegetables when I can. Much like I do now, I guess 




 It hasn't been mentioned yet. I do feel like my life is missing some chicken and waffles right now 




 Yeah I know. We want to do so much but travel time is such a bitch. We will come back in a few years but now it is the super sampler of the US. 

What is domestic plane travel like? In Australia we can turn up an hour beforehand and it'll be sweet. Do I need to allocate more time? 




 It is a once in a lifetime trip for us and my husband would be devastated if Brady retired and he never got to see him play 




 What about chowder? I love chowder.

We will be in town for only a few days, mostly just my husband can see the Pats play on the 25th (he is a massive fan) 




 Yumm 




 Oh yes. All flights are booked, not trying to road trip it! 




 OoooOoh yes! My husband is a massive carnivore so we will definitely be hitting up BBQ joints 




 Wow awesome! Great info!

Australia actually has a fair few Max Brenner's now, so I can maybe give that one a miss. I prefer San Churro anyway  




 It'll just be myself and my husband and while we aren't rolling in cash we have some good $$$ to spend and would prefer a good hotel. We are mid 20's and like normal stuff, but mostly interested in the major sights and tastes due to only being in NYC for 5 days 




 No idea yet. Still haven't booked hotels 




 Sorry, DC 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington DC. Mostly tourist trap type places. 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington DC. Mostly tourist trap type places. 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington. Mostly tourist trap type places. I woulf love to see the South but time is a restriction 




 I LOVE Mexican food. I will be trying as many different places as possible. 




 I am there for 3 weeks...I will likely eat actual food at some point 




 Oh, really? I do love mint slices, so I will still try some but I was hoping for something *more* amazing than them 




 Awesome! What else should I try while I am over there? I am pretty familiar with American candy (I used to work in a lolly shop that had an American section) but there are probably lots of other things I would like.

I know I want to try all the sugary cereals like Cap'n Crunch and Cinnamon Toast.

Edit: Holy cow I have a lot of food I need to try. You guys are gonna make me fat!

Edit edit: All of you are so nice. I am so excited to visit! 




 As an Australian planning to visit the US in October for 3 weeks, how might I obtain a box of these mythical Girl Scout Mints? They recieve so much hype that I figure I need to try them 









 Oh it's you again! 




 You know! 




 (Vet) Science! 




 3=====D

Got ya covered! 









 I just booked my holiday to go there and other parts of the USA in October!

I am from Australia, so I am super excited to see this crazy, fun country you people keeps going on about! 




 While it might have some truth to it for other people, this thing was definitely wrong for me.

It just told me I couldn't buy a house in Maroondah when I just did 




 This falls flat when they start rattling off names and you suddenly realise you can't remember any of their names 




 Sauce: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-30/adelaide-zoo-transfer-orphaned-joey-surrogate-wallaby-mother/6583042 




 Sauce: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-30/adelaide-zoo-transfer-orphaned-joey-surrogate-wallaby-mother/6583042 














 They are pretty cool. I wish suits of armour were still relevant and not restricted to medieval-fair going geeks who say m'lady in everyday sentences 




 These are just a sample of some of the amazing pieces from the Museum of Wearable Art in New Zealand that I happened to see when it visited Townsville, QLD on it's tour. A really wonderful display to see
, with so much creativity! 

The colourful piece with the horned helmet came first place in a competition they held. 









 Expressing sympathy. It's not like I don't *care*, I just hate all the empty words that peope say to try and make the pain easier.

I would prefer to just hug the person and leave it at that 




 As an Australian I could only *dream* of having a leader like Obama. Swapsies? 




 I'll just save all my links in a convenient place then! 




 For sure! Everyone knows what a rainbow stands for these days, especially Christians. But show them an athiest symbol and most won't recognise it.  




 But I suppose the argument Christian folk have against the LGBT and their rainbow isn't a new one, but it has been picked up again with all this new talk  




 A few posts on Facebook have popped up of Christian folk condemning the use of rainbows in the LGBT movement. 

I couldn't help but laugh and comment with a variety of links pointing out the many times Christianity has commendeered Pagan and other symbols for their own use.

Needless to say my comments were deleted fairly quickly. 




 And you have such impeccable social skills that will surely help you through yours. 

Cheer up 




 Righto. Thanks. Linking it up would be amazing. It would solve a lot of traffic woes IMO 




 Oh, I didn't realise it was unfinished. Where was it supposed to end? 




 Ha ha aww. Well, you tried :) 




 I don't get it 




 Those streets seem woefully unsuited to such high traffic. I would hate to live anywhere near them. A tunnel really seems like the only option though, unless they wanted to put thousands of people out of their homes 




 Brisbane has a Dakabin. It is about as classy as it sounds 




 I'm relatively new to the city and don't know much about the EWL, but would I have been able to use it if I were trying to get from Ringwood to the Hume highway? It seems like there should be a better way than through the suburban streets of Heidelburg and onto the Greensborough 









 |:( This is uncomfortable

:/ Ok this is better, I guess

Lick 




 Sometimes I wonder and dwell on the fragility of life, how the smallest thing can kill a man...and then I see stuff like this and can't help but marvel at the strength and endurance of humanity. These people are almost literally skeletons with skin...and yet hey *survive*. It is amazing. 




 My dog used to do this all the time. He loved it! 




 Redditors are a sour bunch. Quick to assume the worst. 

I agree with you. They look like they are having a great time 




 See that's the secret....no lives actually matter 




 So many apostrophes 




 Ugh no it's not. But you are welcome to it 




 The humidity...oh god the humidity.

You could be naked, lying in your house under a fan and still be baking in your own skin. The humidity is like a steam room. It is everywhere and no matter what you do, it makes you hot and sticky.  




 Melbourne's daylight savings more than makes up for that hour lost. I love it! 




 We will be in NYC for 5 days beforehand 




 Have you spent any long periods of time in QLD? The hot is nice...for a while. Then it becomes insufferable. When it is literally too hot to go to the beach it is horrible. 




 You get that in QLD too though 




 Honestly, coming from QLD, the weather ain't so bad.

Sure, winter is cold and a little wet but summer is gorgeous! Mild, dry days and warm nights with sunlight stretching to 9pm.

QLD winters are chilly, like a Melbourne Spring but Summers SUCK! Hot, sticky days where the only relief is a summer storm that has a large chance of just fucking your shit up! And when it rains down here, it rains a little then it gets bored and leaves. In  QLD it rains for *days* and *days* you can't escape the hot dampness of it and just when you think it can't rain any more...it rains some more and then floods fuck your shit up!

10/10 would move to Melbourne again 




 Being from Queensland, I cannot refute this 




 [Hell yeah](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110807170741/disney/images/f/fa/Roxanne_in_Max's_dream.png) 




 This is not a dating site. 




 I always pictured Ginny that the redhead girl from A Goofy Movie 




 Awesome info. Thanks! 

Also, hi! 




 Yeah you are probably right 




 No, it really doesn't. I can drive 15 hours at home! 




 Hmm...unfortunately I think we have come to the conclusion that the Falls may have to be missed. Flying up there just wouldn't fit into our schedule. Also, you might not have meant to, but I am starting to think that missing them wont be the end of the world. There seems to be an awful lot more I can enjoy in Boston 




 I would like to tailgate, but I don't think people would appreciate two random foreigners coming up and eating their food and drinking their booze :/ 




 Cool, that looks great!

But I love mooses...meece?...moose. I hear they are super cuddly and love being apprached ;D 




 Well, I am a bit of a geek, so I like history, architecture and museums but we are going to Washington and the Smithsonian after Boston, so I don't want to wear myself out on too many museums.

My husband is a little more energetic. He likes sports, fishing and cars. We both like technology and the beauty of nature, and we both really like food.

That help you narrow it down? :P 




 This is not a place for advertising.  




 Ha ha well okay then! Thanks :D

And footy = Australian Rules Football 




 The worst race of all! 




 Something like this happened to me, cept I was the crazy animal lady.

Hear me out!

A few years ago, I got a new puppy. A tiny little foxihuahua no bigger than a coke can. After having him for only 1 day I quickly found that my yard had a big design flaw that he exploited easily, and escaped from. So, I had to go to the shops to buy a some items to fix it...but I couldn't leave him home alone or he would just escape. So my only obvious choice was to take him along.

 After walking around the centre for a little bit, I quickly realised that every man, woman and child was going to stop me every 10metres to squee at my puppy, so I safely showed him in my big tote bag, bundled up in my jumper, where he promptly fell asleep. 

Jump ahead to me exiting a store without making a purchase and the attendant stopping me to check my bag (regular thing, he wasn't suspicious). I didn't really know what to say so I just nodded and opened the bag revealing my tiny, sleeping puppy.

The man paused, took a moment to comprehend what he was seeing, and then asked if that was a puppy in my bag. I said yes, he let out a little squee and then let me leave.

Moral of the story is, if you want to commit petty theft, bring a puppy along. It will distract security from the stolen items hiding in your pockets.

 




 So was Voldy....

Coincidence? 




 Seems to me the whole thing  ould be planned a bit better :/ 
I went to the footy in my city the other day and on top it costing me $30, the stadium is right next to a major train hub, so if you missed your train it wasn't a problem...there would be another in 10mins 




 Like what? Share your local knowledge with me!! 




 Oh dang. Thanks for the info!!! 




 I am wary of renting a car, but if we caught the train and headed in hours earlier, would that be safe? 




 Cool. Time is not too much of a problem if it does change. We have nothing else on that day, except the game. We thoughy we might head in early, no matter the time and soak in the atmosphere 




 My ex-Army husband would like that very much! 




 Thanks! It looks like I have definitely underestimated the distance 




 We will be in NYC for 5 days before Boston, but I was figuring that Niagara Falls was more accessible from Boston. Oh well, I guess I can live without seeing them :(

Also, money isn't really the limiting factors for us for Pats tix. I am expecting $500+ and for a one-off event, I am OK with that 




 First, Pats tickets. My husband is a MASSIVE Pats fan and he is desperate to go to the Pats vs Jets game on the 25th. Are we dreaming, or can we easily get some tix?

Second, if we had a spare day-and-a-half, are we mad to try and duck out to Niagara and see the Falls? They are on my list but we only have a small window. I know the drive is a long one but what about a train?

Thanks :) 




 (   ) 




 Cool 




