 I corrected the I;m to I'm  so now everyone should be be on the same page :) 




 I fessed up when I went in for cigs today and she said "no beer tonight?" in hindsight I should have stocked up on more booze so it wasn't suspicious. she acted like she was cool with it, but I could tell she was hurt 




 it was after midnight and i was more than a few beers deep but didn't have any more in the house. so i went to the only store open, I'm sorry. i didn't mean to cheat on you but you were closed. i still love you and value our relationship. i made a mistake and hate myself for it, but lets just move on ok honey 




 congrats man. i'm saving up for a dualsport because i'm right at where you were on my fourth steel reserve tallboy right now. I need one so I don't drink so much and feel better about myself 




 i'm playing a lot of hearthstone now. my account is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas if anyone else plays hearthstone add me 




 obviously never played slime-grenade wars, put firecrackers on slugs and throw them at each other 




 widespread panic 




 yeah add me if im not too late ! Dionysus#1697

anybody add me and we'll play eventually whenever i'm on, just ask 














 I didn't drink a couple days ago for the whole day 




 fried cheese. just place on a pan until crispy 




 nobody has ever said that about anyone who has dependents or children. and nobody has ever said that about opiates 




 thank you, that actually helps a lot. but whats the difference between decks used for tournaments and normal decks? 




 I didn't know you could right click them 









 jesus Christ that's disgusting, just use tissues like a normal person 




 shamalongadingdong

also, cheez-its are the shit 




 in highschool I had to do a two page presentation on if I was for against the death penalty, my whole presentation was about batman. batman doesn't kill people and he's my role model so I think death penalty is wrong, for my research I listed comic books 




 I knew someone here could help me out. thanks man 




 no i didn't intend for that to happen 




 alright, thanks man 









 will you marry me? I can be gay  




 sounds like someone has a case of the Republicans 




 why do other countries have such a fascination with America? we're a country too! 




 because surface area and shit 




 how did you get the paperwork? and how much was it? 




 lucky there's video to back him up, could have seriously fucked his life up if those passengers were "witnesses" against him 




 I don't get how someone can claim to be poor but then it comes out that they have 15 family members... 




 I put weed in my soda cup when a cop stopped me one time 




 go for it 




 he looks like a down syndrome kid that got recalled to the manufacturer and came back normal 




 too late motherfucker I got my answers. better luck next time  




 so about 6 feet 




 I meant how high would the building have to be 




 widespread panic! unfortunately, youtube is lacking in album recordings. but they are one of the best concert bands so its ok 




 I love their fries. but everything else they serve is nasty 




 hahahahahahahahaha that makes me feel a little better 




 what does it mean when poo is green? lack of protein or something? 









 awesome! 




 awesome!  




 my game name is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas

I've never played against a friend before and i really want to. don't worry, i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could make a pirate deck.. i mean a deck that has 5 pirates in it 




 hey i'm looking for someone to play with. except i don't know how to do that 




 what does miracle mean? 




 hey man let's play a game! i'm definitely casual because i disenchanted all my priest, druid, and shaman cards so i could make a pirate deck 




 I also want to know this because i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could do a pirate deck 




 I interviewed for a dishwashing job at whole foods. I made the mistake of cracking a couple jokes during the group interview. got a call saying I didn't get the job because I didn't take it seriously enough. I responded by apologizing profusely and promised I take washing dishes very seriously, they changed their mind and offered me the job. I refused 




 when he stressed equal weight of butter and flour, does volume vs weight really make that much of a difference?  




 oh cool, thanks. I heard something like 64,000 peopleattended 




 that's really fucking cool. goodwill is on olive st right? i'll have to check that out 




 did Dempsey or that other sounders defender play in the game? 




 sorry about your balls 




 i'm sorry that people downvoted this. some people don't care for it much, that's cool idk people be hating 




 when I needed money I sold my car and bought a motorcycle. I should learn about food stamps, I'm sure I qualify. its pretty ridiculous that someone with two cars can get food stamps, she learned how to abuse the system and wrote an article about it 




 haha thanks buddy 




 yeah it has a carb. and i'm using a glass screen. i just stuck a stem down the stem and thats working ok 




 using a glass screen, doesnt help. but thanks 




 friend's house got broken into and his xbox was stolen. the police told him they had a suspect in mind and that this suspect had a record. friend knew i had a criminal record (marijuana) so he calls my house phone and accused me of stealing his xbox. my dad beat me 




 maybe you spilt booze on it and there's a heating vent under your dresser? 




 she forgot her purse 




 monster or apocolypse movies would be great 




 my buddy has a wifi stealer. it's like an antennae that steals wifi from like a mile away. he takes it when he goes on road trips too. its a little expensive but its a 1 time cost and lasts for life. i'm thinking about getting one when i get my motorcycle 




 i don't really get how some alchies can have such interested lives. i buy bulk liquor and cheap beer and drink at home while i swear at my playstation 




 really really want a realistic dogfighting anime (not mecha)

edit: first my post gets removed because it didn't have a body, then my post was almost removed because i forgot flair. why does this subreddit have to be so difficult? 




 please don't let me keep you up because of me. really, i'm sorry if i'm keeping you awake. if you want to, tell me your highlights. anything that stick out in your memory 




 and you say you can't get easy pussy... lol. just figure out a good segway like say your still in the music business and tell these stories. you will get aids and die a happy man lol;. 

i have a lot of questions but they might by after you met the bands:
1. i heard that Spoonman was still somewhat homeless after his fame with soundgarden, do you know what they paid him?
2. do you know why layne staley left alice in chains to go to mad season? granted mad season would have been huge if they made more than one album 




 you're so lucky. i really want to know more about him but don't want to waste your time, so my second question is why you punched curt cobain did you really knock him out? 




 damn sounds like you had an awesome experience. please don't let me keep you awake or refresh reddit- but my first question is about layne staley- what was he like? what point in his career did you meet him? what do you know about his downward spiral? 




 just got an idea while i was pissing- do your AMA in r/seattle  




 you have to do an AMA right fucking now! i have so many questions but there may be things i forget to ask that other people with think of. please. maybe a CA AMA if you dont want to get flooded with messages?  




