 You guys are the dumbest basketball fans ever.  Mike D'Antoni was a fucking trainwreck, that honkey couldn't run McDonalds.  I read the dumbest fucking shit on this sub.  I can't believe as a Laker fan I have to read this garbage.  Just go back to the decision that was Mike D'Antoni, watch the offense he tried to employ to the chagrin of Pau Gasol, and go ahead convince anyone he was worth a damn as a coach.  GTFO you morons.

The amount of fucking praise these so called "Laker-fans" throw at redneck Mike D'Antoni and degenerate Mitch K is astounding, these guys don't have a fucking clue about Laker history.

PLEASE laker fans, let's bring back D'Antoni because he has the great run-n-gun offense....WAY better than Phil Jackson  /s.  I'll take 2015 NY-GM Phil Jackson over honky-tonk D'Antoni, moron fucked up that year for the Lakers so badly, but it's mainly Buss Family fault, they are the ones that decided on Mike.  People forget way too fucking quickly. 




 I communicated a lot with the Mods, and I can personally tell you that bunch was ill-fit to run a wild sub such as FPH, you can't get a bunch or narcissistic or power/control-hungry to manage a dynamic beast that was FPH.  Those mods were so full of themselves, all you had to do was press some of their buttons on the fallacies of their logic and you could see the sheer idiocy and incompetence that doomed that sub.

All it was was a game of plugging finger in ear and pretending they had a valid ounce of logic in regards to their rules.  It was fun to rib on fatties their, but again the mod's couldn't run a lemonade stand. 




 to the top sir 




 holy shit blind mitch fucking kupchak support.  are you a fucking new laker fan?   




 PSA:  need not watch that long 




 Oh, songs pre-2015? yea I have most of those on mp3, and newer stuff is mostly cloud-based now, though I do grab digital copies wherever available.  Judging artists based off albums seems so ancient.  An artist normally has a hit or 2, sometimes they have a string of them, better to grab those hits or the non-hits that you like than a whole album.  Asking for a perfect 10 album sounds like an exercise for the foolish.  Reddit music still on albums... 




 It's 2015, people listen to songs now, albums are pretty much irrelevant as a whole.  Artists are obligated to continue the album model when they're signed to aging record labels.  The way music works now is artists just release songs into the wild, sometime they work on an album, but that's due to contractual obligations and promotions; or just to string together a collection of good songs an artist managed to come up with in a short period of time.  Fairly dumb question for this day and age. 




 Maltese? 




