 Takamura Migaki. Took it to work today,very impressed.Sharpest OTB edge I have ever seen. 









 http://www.chefknivestogo.com/sayas.html 




 Think about every thing you use or depend on as you go through life and name one thing that could be made without some form of cutting tool.Best I can come up with is crude hand formed pottery.knives are what makes humans human! 




 Abandon ship! 




 Cool! 




 Very nice! 




 My small town is home to a major hospital and due to my wifes condition we are there quite often .There are  trash cans labled do not touch-bio-hazard in the hallways. They are filled with the sheets and bedding of sick people. Of course the people that change the bedding do not have to wear gloves' and then they go and push elevator buttons,door knobs...ect. 




 Pisses me off, They treat us like shit,  but the scumbag suppliers can have rats and disease running around the wharehouse because they pay off the  politicicans. 




 Wear gloves to serve food,customer then picks up condiment containers touched by the last 50 people before him or her and eats. The whole idea is stupid. 




 The town I grew up in slowley died. 




 Complicated but here goes...Corupt politicians,Wall street and large corps. basicly drove the local manufacturers out of buisiness.Ocar Meyer, Amour, Bush, Bud, Miller are a few culprits I can pull off the top of my head.They all got tax breaks, excused from quality control,got around labor laws,had excessive requirements  pushed into law that small companies could not afford and the regulators of these laws actually work for these corps.The result was that all the local manufacturing was devasted,the plants were closed and the respected brand names sold off to the corps.. Now with so many people hurting what should we do? Why we start importing tons of second rate shit and add that to our rat infested diseased food products that are made by under paid imported labor,then we open a super store! Why would anyone shop there? Because we spend all the money we saved on quality and labor and spend it all on media adds telling people they are stupid if they pay more and they will be much happier if they save save save! and of course out of work people do need to save.Sorry rambeling here,I just get so pissed. And now I must give credit where credit is due: The man who founded Walmart recognized the needs of the community and workers and Walmarts original plan was to treat the workers very well,which they did .When they opened a dist. center up here in NY back in the 90's they offered great pay and great benefits and I knew alot of people who left their job to go there.Unfortunatley the founder died soon after and the first thing to go was the benefits,then the pay, then the time worked so you could get unemployment when they laid you off for the slow season. 




 Sears is a very old and once well respected company based on quality, convenience and cutomer service, so yes, if you got it from sears you knew it was good.I do my laundry in a Kenmore washer made about 40yrs ago,sadly that name no longer means what it used to. 




 Better quality products, more variety,more and better places to shop and a better local economy.Low prices are because they buy the cheapest junk possible in huge bulk lots.A kid could start as a stock boy in a local store, stay with the same store his whole life and make a decent enough living to support a house and family.He would then spend his money at his and other local stores thus helping other kids to do the same,pretty good concept. 




 Time to put on your walkin shoes. 




 Every thing the recruiter tells you is a lie,so is the VA. You fought in this war? Your'e on the back shelf till they clear up the guys from the last one. 




 My last comment on this is that I know skilled line chefs that went to culinary school and take the job seriousley and don't make 15 an hour. 




 But you don't have to stay there,learn and move on. 




 So true. Where I work is low pay but we get tips and we are huge busy. Dumb fuckin assholes are too stupid to realise that what they make is up to them. They fuck off, go out to bars and spend all their money,then bitch to the boss that "I make so much more" because I keep a car on the road and pay my bills. 




 True,all the more reason to man-up and move on.
 




 IT"S A TRANSFORMERS MOVIE FOR CHRIST FUCKING SAKES! What do people expect ,Coppola, Demille,Preminger? It's a movie made for Teen boys, and I am one at heart.Can't wait to see it. Reviewer reminds me of the South park episode where people smell their own farts. 




 These people are scripted actors and actresses, the goal is to keep people enraged and divided so they won't wake up and turn on the  scumbags who are bleeding us like vampires.  




 OWNED! 




 Never owned an apple product but yes,they seem to rely more on image and  social engineering  than quality of product. I do love the WOZ, that man is true. 




 Good call. You may start with a shit job, but you learn from it,then apply that to a bit better job and so on.  




 "Eeeasy big fella." Hoss from Bonanza. 




 OK, I'm not a great fisherman but I do know some things.If you want big ass lake trout you need to find a COLD lake that is very deep. Rainbows and browns can be found in streams and creeks with cold runoff,look for deep holes in the bed or undercut banks. Small mouth bass like cold water and stone bottoms with good current ,same like trout they like cover. Large mouth bass,oh yhea the big boys,like warm water and lots of cover,think lilly pads. The south has the biggest.Pan fish: blue gills, crappy,sun-fish. Pretty easy but if you find some clear water and can see a cleared off circle on the bottom that is their nest and just a hook will do to entice them into attacking.Cat fish like warm rivers or at least a current and are bottom feeders. Hope this helps. 




 Money is a scam to make rich people richer. 




 You get to see all the idiots younger  than you make the same mistakes you did and have to deal with them. GOLDEN! 




 They are here and their name is Washington 




 Deposited a $100 dollar check in my account. A week later wrote a $20 dollar check to a store,one day later the store tells me my check bounced and I pay the $20 dollar fee. Call bank and bank tells me that my check was not deposited and I now owe them $200 dollars due to overdraft fees.Call bank manager and was told they will look into it. Get letter saying that I now owe $400 because of late fees.Pack up all my paper work and go to bank,call them on all their bullshit and no manager would show his/her face. Get letter with a deposit slip forged in my name for the amount they claimed I owed them. 




 enough drugs to bring Ozzy to his knees. 




 The black forest in Germany. 




 Men should not be emotional,man up and do what you have to do. I work with young guys out of county jails and they are always spouting I'm trying to do the right thing, and all that other parole board impressing nonsense. If you want to do the right thing just shut the fuck up and do it. 




 I can spot bullshit a mile away. Scammers,posers,manipulaters, you name it. I just cover my own ass because no one believes it anyway. I can't believe how many people just ignore what is right in front of them. 




 Knowing the habits of the type of fish you are after. 




 Want a good knife? Go to Helle! 




 Keep your head down  and learn. Gruff Knarley chefs are a time honerd kitchen tradition,kind of like a  kung-fu flick. 




 Raised a boy with Tourettes from diapers till he was 8 or 9. We got quite close and had a ball together. When he turned 18 he looked me up after years to get re-aquainted ,really touched me. 
 




 I work in a tourist town, constantly see 8-12 yo's ordering the parents around and the parents just take it. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLwkT5vAzCE 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLwkT5vAzCE 




 Cooking,basic sewing,gardening. 




 Zydeco! 




 Back in the 80's my girl and I needed to get out of the coke scene and got a guy to back us as vendors on the Dead tour,no shit! Did pretty good selling beer and french toast off a coleman grill. Ran out of money in Boston and caught a ride down south with a Hells Angel.Car broke down in Maryland and stayed there 2 years working on a camp ground and bought a camper to live in and a car.Got sick of that and loaded everything including my new dog Willy into the car and headed to Fla. with $200 .Got there and set up on a camp ground and had a hard stretch to find work but made it,first into a trailer then  rented a decent house.Back up here since 91 and still with my girl,those were the best years of my life.If you have a job skill and and a set of balls, tits  whatever I say go for it,you might surprise yourself. 




 " Listen man,I've got to get ready for work" To my very drunk older brother.He was my best friend and mentor when I was a kid,had alot of D/A abuse problems. He had a good heart but my thrice cursed manipulating mother convinced him that a mans worth is only to be a plow horse for a woman. He took out three insurance policies and killed himself just shy of 40yo.My family celebrated that because the wife n kids got a million. I still hate  that I didn't do more to reach out to him. 




 Sharing 




 Good name for a band I'm thinkin! 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQqTXtgl_dU 




 Its from a funny song done by "The Old Dogs", chill dude, just a joke. 




 You can quit smoking,but you're still gonna die. You can go jogging,but you're still gonna die. You can give up eating foods fatty or fried,you're still gonna still gonna still gonna die! 




 Wars are always about money, period. Major players are the ones with the most to spend and the most to gain. 




 Thanks man, I was wondering why I couldn't see any changes on my end. 




 I don't know either,people say they hid the vote counts but my account still looks the same as it always did. 




 A 6yo still in diapers? 




 It was a huge rush for me. Back then the space program was everything,people sat glued to the TV for the latest updates. I would buy models of the LEM and the Apollo rockets.I supose that has shaped what I am today as I still follow whatever NASA is doing and I have my scanner programed to the ISS freqs. 




 12 years old,my brother and I ride our bikes 10 miles to the river to fish. There are abought 20 people already there,all with portable radios. It was 1969 and the first man landed on the moon. 




 You people sicken me. Do you have a clue about the people that love you? My mother raised her boys to think that thier only worth was to be a plow horse for a woman. As a result my brother Jimmy took out a bunch of insurance policies and killed himself. He was my best friend. 




 Give poor people a little bit of money for food rent ect... big outrage over giving away our tax dollars,give scum bag criminal bankers over a trillion dollars to party with,no one bats an eye.
 




 My mom devoted her life to  subtley trashing my dad slowly, and raised her kids to hate him ,I did not buy it so when he died she started on me.Fuck You Mom! Happy fathers day! 




 That after all their hard work , we turned around and sold the country back to the European bankers. 




 Next morning, "Oh my god we're sinners,we sinned and adultered!" 




 Been using the 210mm for several months,wow! Convex edge grind+ moly steel=no need for stones ,and stands up to poly boards quite nicely. Two strops, one white and one green keep these paper shredding,hair whittling sharp and they come that way out of the box. Nice fit and finish and the distinct handle gives you a fist full of nice knife.Lovin em,oh yhea saya included. 









 SOG gets too little love here,enjoy! 









 Good to know,thanks. 




 Week day-. lunch bell rings: MMBAAAAA! shuffle to lunch room- weekend, wander around wonder what is this weekend thing.
 




 Retard 




 Yeah, I am of the same opinion.Just to be clear,I was not looking for advice on what knife to buy for my one and only,just input on this kind of knife/steel from people who actually use them day to day.I have been cooking and collecting knives for decades and if there is one thing I've learned it's that there is no one knife to rule them all.I kind of just "Buy em and try em". The FKMs look real nice  and Mark Richmond gives them a great review,I will make it a point to try one. One question, in the reviews it says they have a 70/30 grind how does this affect sharpening? 




 Thanks for your interest. I already have the 210 and like it alot,the handle is really comfortable and the blade takes well to stropping.These are cryo treated and I would guess about 59r. and a little less brittle than Vg10. 




 Thanks for the input,it was acually a toss up between this and Tojiro. I went with the Pro M because I like the handles and the less chippy steel. 




 OK,http://www.japanesechefsknife.com/ProMSeries.html#ProM I have taken a likeing to these. 









 Money. 




 Like it belongs there. 




 Ros Arms arrow and Helle Jubileumskniven. 









 He was poor and his dad helped him build his first guitar,I believe they made the neck from the mantle piece. Kid goes on to be a major rock star,and doesn't act like a major asshole.Later in life he uses his good fortune to better himself. This guy is a role model. 




 I like Doc Martins. 




 Great stuff,so much better than NASCAR! 




 Oh and here's your bill for $47,000. 




 A Greek guy I knew used to say "If somebody fuck me,I have to fuck somebody!" 




 Um honey...about the 401k... 




 I've had it for several years but don't use it as an EDC. I usually remove clips as I don't like them and I use lok-tite when screws get loose.  




 You have my upvote! 




 Axe.
 




 This cracked me up,thank you!!! 




 I envy her! 




 Actually, benchmade uses FRN on some of their knives. I have a buck with G10 scales  that can't hold a candle to the Vulcan. i don't know what a power lock is, but the Vulcan has an arc lock which is basicly the same as what benchmade has. What makes Benchmade so much higher quality other than the name? Forget the fan-boy stuff,you are only limiting yourself on what knives you use and enjoy.  




 Flips right out,light and solid as a rock. 




 Sorry, kind of crappy photo. 









 Scum bags do what they do,unless they see that they can't get away with it. 




 Don't piss off the cook. 




 You trust your wife with this?...LOL just kidding, very nice! 




 Sweet, I would like one of these. 




 Very nice and under rated knife, love mine. 




 A reclusive nameless banker who controls all the other bankers. Money not military, is what truely controls the world and has done so for several hundred years. 




 Yhea but with all the grease in the air we brown up nicely! 




 I agree,I fell into this early on,and it just fit me. Some people see it as a glamourous job and then wilt when confronted with the realitys 




 I thought that was a given and hadn't thought to mention it. 




 Ha ha! You are a true  trooper and  have described my  life in a nutshell.Love ya man, and I could use a few more like you on my crew! 




 Had to deal with that once,it takes friggin days. 




 Finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel but it was only New Jersey...sigh. 




 Goatsee 




 Remington. 




 Bonnie Raitt,Caravan palace,Lisa haley and the Zydycats,Joan Jet. Pretty good mix of styles here. 




 Let us know how you like it,looks real nice. 




