 Track 2 in particular. 




 Glad you liked it. Their album, Milo Goes to College, is probably one of the best they ever put out, and the whole thing is on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-8oujFcuQ0 




 But the US does care about corruption. 




 I've crushed on her since the 90s, not baffled by it, just can't help myself. I hope you've seen The Daytrippers, that is one of my most favorite Posey movies. 









 And then keeps an eye on the suspect until he has passed the table with the silverware. 




 Their reaction time was very impressive, she went for her Taser since her partner was right there with the suspect, her partner managed to get the suspect moved away so that the suspect was no longer between him and his partner. 









 A quick look on Google suggests that there really isn't a good site with data covering all of Texas, most of the suits would be brought against the municipalities (or counties) and the relevant law enforcement departments, not against the state specifically (unless it involved DPS or Texas Parks   Wildlife). 



















 Contemporary R B combines elements of rhythm and blues, soul, funk, pop, hip-hop, and dance. I went with the record store labeling version of of "R B" as a catch-all for popular music. 














 Possibly "suicide by cop," sounds like he was struggling with a lot of issues: http://www.palestineherald.com/news/bushey-family-trying-to-comprehend-loss/article_f0bee44a-0968-11e5-a9cc-93de734fa71c.html 














 http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/07/02/park-police-washington-navy-yard-shooter/29607533/ 












































 [Here's an article about the shooting.](http://www.palestineherald.com/news/bushey-shooting-videos-released/article_34b8e3ec-1f82-11e5-9e3c-0bcf0658377a.html) 














 Very impressed by how quickly he managed to get a guy with a gun in hand moved into a position where his partner was no longer in the line of fire. 




 Seems like an appropriate Subreddit to me. RIP Sir Nicholas. 














 [Try Value Thrift Mart, it looks like it has super cheap clothing.](https://plus.google.com/108146087525968619843/about?gl=us hl=en) OR garage sales. 




 Except our plethora of sports talk radio, and the NPR stations. 




 A I understand it, 1560 is now just a delivery device for Yahoo Sports Radio. Nothing is really left from its glory days as 1560 The Game (not even the name), except John Granato, and I bet he's still there because he's an investor. 




 When I want music from that period, Lithium on SiriusXM has a better playlist. 









 I wonder what "mixologists" get paid. 



















 That's a very low key looking vehicle, would probably take me a couple extra seconds to realize that was a police vehicle if I saw it while driving in North Carolina. 




 One of the most conservative people I knew in law school (in Texas) was from New York City. The world is shades of gray. 




 Nobody in Houston ever bothered my Kinky sticker. 




 ? 




 No, not in Dallas, it has way more liberal now than it has probably ever been. Just a general rule of thumb to understanding politics in Texas: big cities lean liberal (Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin) while suburban and rural areas tend to lean conservative, with some exceptions in heavily Hispanic South Texas.

What part of New Jersey are you moving from? 




 Plus, there have been a lot of heavy, slow moving rain clouds that dump a lot of water in one area in a short period of time. 




 Everytime I've gone to a soccer match at NRG there was tailgating. I'd say give yourself a large cushion, especially if you plan on tailgating. Not sure the exact start time tonight, but I know 610 is a parking lot on a good day, combine rush hour and soccer fans on 610 it's a nightmare. I remember somebody once saying they saw a vehicle pulled on the shoulder of 610 selling Mexican jerseys to people stuck in 610 traffic. 









 These days I'm not sure what their wage is, I think it's state by state. I bet most bartenders don't get minimum. As for the other positions, if you're the only waiter who doesn't tip them out, they'll remember. 




 Not to mention that waitstaff often have to tip out busboys, bar backs, bartenders, dishwashers, etc. (Varies by restaurant.) 




 Sammers SC is holding a watch party at [Nick's Place](http://www.nicksplacehouston.com) on Sunday July 5th at 5:30 p.m. The United States will be playing either Japan or England. 




 I would recommend 790 am.  



























































 I haven't had any problems. 




 The owner of your apartment complex is responsible for providing parking, not the city. 














 These days it seems like there are more mattress stores in Houston than Starbucks stores. 

















































 Cruz only cares about playing to the most extreme right of the right-wing portion of the GOP. He doesn't care about what the majority wants, he doesn't care about what anyone who didn't vote for him wants, and he doesn't care about anyone who disagrees with him.

SOURCE: I live in Texas, and Cruz doesn't care about my political views or ideas. 




 I like him, and now I'm really glad I caught a live show in 2013. 




 I knew a lawyer who did family law and criminal defense, the back of his business cards essentially said that if you get arrested STFU and call me. 









 An option, though it's one that doesn't seem to get used much in Texas. 




 That's an option. 







































 I recently read Steve Osborne's memoir, "The Job," and he made a couple references to using these cabs when he was with the Anti Crime Unit.  




 Any idea what Rez this unit patrols? 




 The only time I've seen a sticker on a police vehicle indicating it was a seizure is when I saw a Harris County Constable in an old beat-up Ford F-150, felt sorry for the constable having to drive such a clunker. 




 Not surprised that Kenedy County isn't issuing them, the county's population is less than 500 people and I think they're all part of the Kenedy family or work for the Kenedy family. 




 I love how there are quotes around the word Truth, very appropriate in this context. 




 She can't be "fired," she can be impeached, but this crazy legislature won't do that, so the good people of Hood County need to vote her out of office at the next opportunity to do so. 




 [Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhDrjKqtRK4) --
[Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6tt5HOZ27U) --
[Trailer for Decline of Western Civilization Part III.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aI0WjBdNJw)
 
































































 It is possible that your car matched a description in a BOLO and they were running your plates to determine whether they should pull you over or not. 









 I will say this, there is a two-faced element to Lakewood Church. The main services have that feel good, be rewarded, yada yada yada tone, but I've gotten the impression that the bible studies and other small group things at Lakewood do have a more evangelical tone to them. I knew a guy who started going there, became an usher, started going to bible study for men classes and turned into one of those guys who, like Orthodox Jews and extremist Muslims, got mad at women for not dressing modestly, it was their fault for tempting him. 




 I've heard this complaint several times from evangelical types. 




 Good to hear he's back home! 




 Years ago I saw a police K9 stop and take a piss in Dulles Airport, thankfully the police officer took the time to clean up the mess and put up a slippery surface warning sign. 




 What an inconsiderate asshole. 







































 Not from Season 2, but love how this scene captures the Rawls/McNulty relationship - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26TRIz2d1m8 




 In my neighborhood, there probably will be guns fired into the air (just not as many as get fired into the air on New Year's Eve). 














 Based on the news report I just heard on Channel 2, all of the counties in the Houston area are issuing marriage licenses to same sex couples, with the exception of San Jacinto where the Clerk says they're waiting on new forms (which sounds like they're just dragging their feet as a long as possible since all the other counties are making the forms work). 









 Keeps our skin smooth and young. 





























 The AG's office did try to stop a divorce case involving a same sex couple, but earlier this month the Texas Supreme Court ruled against the AG http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/texas-supreme-court-upholds-divorce-sex-couple-31891023 














 I call it a quirk, because I spent a few years living and practicing law in Wisconsin where there are limitations/requirements concerning what specific county can issue your marriage license. For example, if I'm a resident of Wisconsin and I want to get a marriage license from Milwaukee County, I or my fianc had to live in Milwaukee County for at least 30 days. People who don't live in Wisconsin but want to get married there, say in Bayfield (which is very lovely during summer) have to get their marriage license from Bayfield County. 














 Each state has its own laws regarding marriage (heavily tied to property law), but, states cannot enact and enforce laws that violate the Constitution. The marriage issue isn't new territory for the Supreme Court, in 1967 the Court issued a decision in Loving v. Virginia stating that state laws prohibiting interracial marriage were unconstitutional.
I haven't read the full majority Opinion, so don't know if this was an issue in the outcome, but one major problem I have had with state laws that ban same sex marriage is that they also said the state did not have to recognize such a marriage that took place in a state where same sex marriage was legal. To me this goes completely against full faith and credit, which I view as a building block of our legal system. 




 Does anyone know what's going on in Fort Bend, Montgomery, and Brazoria Counties?

(Just as an interesting aside, there is a quirk in Texas law that allows you to get a marriage license from a county that you don't live in nor do you plan to marry in. I have friends who live in Harris but got their licenses in Fort Bend because it is a "prettier" looking license.) 




 That asshole Andrew Jackson didn't listen.  




 Paxton is basing his position on "religious objections" of the public employees, which has no merit whatsoever. Under his reasoning, the Clerk's office can say "We won't issue a marriage license to anyone who is not getting married in a Christian Church." 




 Houston is very pro gay, but the County is less so since there are some very conservative areas that are not part of Houston, and the office in charge of issuing the licenses is the Harris County Clerk. 









 This profile captures what's been becoming a major problem, people getting addicted to properly prescribed pain killers and moving on to heroin. 














 It was kind of fun watching Pornstache have to clean vomit off the display. 




 I'm definitely enjoying the humor and jokes in The Brink, glad to have something to fill the Silicon Valley void. 




 I thought so, but didn't see it under her IMDB page. 




 Living here in Texas, hope I do say it to the "wrong" person sometime. 



























































 The extreme right wing of the GOP love his BS. 




 Such an embarrassment to Texas. 









 No, because you probably would never vote for him, he doesn't care about Texas or all Texans, he only cares about the people who actually cast a vote for him. 









 That's not how the Constitution   rule of law work, that's not how any of this works Paxton. 




 The Cherry Sisters were a Vaudeville act, consisting of real life sisters, who performed music, poetry, readings, fake hypnosis, and other artistic expressions. Audiences found the group devoid of talent and would yell at group and throw fruit and vegetables at the Cherry Sisters during their performances, and yet the group continued to tour and perform. Were they precursors to comedians like Andy Kaufman or were they really talentless? 







































 I figured since /r/mls allows posts about the women, /r/Dynamo would too. 




 Barney Miller anyone? 







































 I doubt he'll say anything during the service, the few times I went to Lakewood with my now ex-wife Joel never seemed to get into controversial topics, sticked to his normal be positive themes. Though this post reminded me of a discussion I had with a gay friend who was looking for a Houston church to attend, he didn't like Lakewood because there wasn't enough "fire and brimstone" in its message.
 
























 I agree with you, those still fighting same sex marriage are on the wrong side of history. But it is good that their efforts to fight against what is right are futile because there are counties in Texas issuing licenses to same sex couples, and you can get a license from a county even if you don't live in the county and you don't plan to get married in that county. 




 Cruz only believes in whatever will get him attention   the support of the far right. 




 Same sex couples who live in Hays County can get licenses from other counties that are issuing them to same sex couples. 




