



























































 In Excel, I plotted electoral commission data on how people split their electorate and party votes for the Greens in the 2014 New Zealand election. 





























 The data was downloaded from the Doing Business database of the World Bank.

In Excel, I formatted and plotted the Doing Business rankings for the OECD high income member countries. 

























































































 The date is from LIS Cross-National Data Center in Luxembourg.

In Excel, I plotted by gender the poverty rates by presence of 0 to 4 children for the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. 
























 in Excel, I plotted the electoral commission data on party votes and electorate votes of the Conservative Party and New Zealand First 




















































































 Error bars not in original data, which would have been helpful as you say 














 The data is from  LIS Cross-National Data Center in Luxembourg.

In Excel, I plotted the average weekly hours worked by gender and child presence for Canada, UK and USA. 






















































 The data was downloaded from the World Bank database on doing business.

n Excel, I plotted the doing business ranking and sub rankings for Russia and Italy. 




























































































































































































































































































 unadjusted 



























































 The date is from OECD StatExtract.

In Excel, I plotted the gender wage gaps for USA, UK, Australia, and New Zealand from 2001, which was the earliest available year. 






















































 The data was downloaded from OECD Stat Extract.

In Excel, I plotted the proficiency level 5 or better by gender in science for the USA, UK, Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 






















































 The data was downloaded from the World Bank doing business database, Portugal, Italy, Greece and Spain.

In Excel, I plotted the national rankings and sub rankings for each of the four countries 




































































































































































