






















































 TAP needs to their fares online.  What frustates me the most about TAP is that it is hard for me to load non light-rail fares on Metro buses and non Metro buses. But, I am also considered disabled due to autism so I fall under a different pricing system than most Metro riders which complies. 





























 So the obvious that we have known for years is actually true. 









 One advantage about OCTA compared to Metro is that it is great to have county-wide public transit system. One pass, one bus system.  Despite my prefereance for Metro over the OCTA, I do no understand why there is so many transit agencies in LA County.  There should be only four in my opinion: LBT, Antelope Valley, FTA, and Metro because those bus systems serve vast population bases.   




 Yeah, Metro is a far better cry than OCTA.  Here in OC, we have no light rail and it is impossible to access the bus in certain parts of the county.  If you live in Santa Ana, Anaheim, or Costa Mesa, than the best comparison to OCTA is how Long Beach Transit operates.  For the rest of the county (especially in the South), RTA is a better comparison.  But Metro is superior to the OCTA and LBT. 




























































































































 What a waste of legislation. 




 Tell Ted Cruz to go blow it!/ 

























































































 Hehehe 



































































































 It has taken me three weeks and three separate to the DMV to get a new ID card. I lost my card after getting it five days later. What happened turned into three DMV visits, losing a job opportunity due to lack of I'd, and tremendous amount of wasted time.  And the DMV has stilled has not issued me a new card. Anybody has dealt with a such nitemare. 
























 Extreme personal integrity. 




 How is it different than using normal DMT? 









 As an aspie, how do you think about all of these people participating in the massive fundraisers for autism like this held in Pasadena. 
(http://abc7.com/society/families-friends-gather-for-walk-now-for-autism-speaks-at-rose-bowl/668403/)

My attitude is like Meh.  The problem about these fundraisers is that they are trying to spend massive amounts of money of trying to autistic people into neurotypicals.  I think the money is better spent on educating the public about autism and how to deal properly with autism.  I think the money should go into teaching social skills to autistic people so they learn how to interact with people, but also teach NTs that autistic people have a unique way of communicating and learn how to respect it. I am much more of the high functioning end of autism where my autism allows for normal social relationships with NTs but I still also suffer from severe ADHD that is also the root at my autism.  My ADHD and not my social skills is what holding me down in the professional workplace.   I would also like the money to spent on teaching self-awareness skills as well, but not at the expense at trying to change  who autistic people. 

 









 And there is a guy on my reference list that can state that he has never seen me drink for the last 21 months.  And he has my landlord that lives in my house.  And he also knows that I go to meetings.  




 They are real big flag.  That is why I prefer not to talk about them.  However, I am extremely active in twelve-step recovery programs which is the only real way that I can reassure employers that my DUIs are behind me.  And I do have over two years in recovery. 




 In two recent job submissions, I used the third paragraph of my cover letter to discuss the soft skills that I would bring to the company.  I found that this article has fiveteen different soft skills that you can use in your cover letter to sell an employer on your soft skills in  a cover letter

(http://www.forbes.com/sites/kensundheim/2013/04/02/15-traits-of-the-ideal-employee/ 




 Somebody needs kick that entire legislature out of power and replace it progressives.  These guys are making NC return to Jim Crow days. 



















 The problem is that renewing the license requires ownership of a car.   









 I left a high-paying government job after ten years of working there because I could no longer maintain the security clearance. I was never fired and I left my own accord.  I got two DUIs in a year.  

In my application, I put the reason why I left my job was for "Personal and Health" reasons. I do not provide the details unless asked.  WHen I do, I tell the employer that I have two years in clean in twelve step programs.  I do not explain any of the details of DUIs, but rather that I have two year clean today and I no longer drink.  I also participating in an unpaid internship for autism people that helps with my soft skills which actually has helped me a lot. 

The question: Is being honest with the employer and reassuring to the employer that I am in recovery with multiple years of clean time is this best thing to do? 




 I have two DUIs from 2012. My license is no longer suspended, but I do not have a car. I have enough money in the bank to immediately buy a car in cash with applicable insurance. I have also have to get special insurance that costs a little bit more.  I have no other moving violations on my record.  How can I tell employers that I can immediately get car once I hired and meet the requirements for a valid Class C license.  
























 I think he has something to do with.  Paul is speaking about the natural cycle of boom and bust in the market.  The market will always will have down cycles and I think this is what Paul is speaking about. 







































 Income inequality. 




 GOlf. 























































































































 Spawn! 
























 The headline is misinforming.  Yes, Mumia is convicted cop killer but there is substantial doubt on the conviction's basis. 

Based on the recent rash of police abuse towards Blacks, Mumia claims of innocence might be actually be correct or more realistically, the murder was caused by the police officer's own actions that resulted in manslaughter than pre-meditated first degree murder.  

For me, Mumia is commentator on social justice issues and that is why I listen to him.  The legal circumstances of his case are of no concern to me.  The Philadelphia police had an extensive track record of discriminatory behavior towards African-Americans especially during the times of Mumia case so the allegations against are considered to be murky and unresolved in my opinion.   









 Those police need to be sentenced to California Department of Corrections and placed in general population.   




 Life on prison. The US death penalty process is too much of a boondoggle to work effectively. 


































 Ms. Feinstein resembles the moderate wings of neo-con agenda and also is probably not very tech-savy.  I disagree with her. 



















 Geeking out on Reddit. 














 My birthday is on May 4th, but I have mandatory event that night. I want to find a good Mexican place for a Cinco De Mayo event, but not a place that is too rowdy. I do not drink so I do not want to be around a bunch of drunks. I prefer a Costa Mesa , Santa Ana, or Anaheim location. 



















 OCTA Bus Passholdrrs do not pay fare on Metro Route 460 for trips going to or originating from the Norwalk Green line Station. I did not know that until today 

































































































































