 my favorite billboard ever. 




 want 




 That they would even try to prosecute is fucked up. The criminal justice system need reigned in. 




 Truth 




 I dig the wallpaper 




 thats fucking teamwork  




 this 




 so underrated.  









 I was initially put off by the lack of apps so starting looking for a way to run android apps (it's a windows PC why wouldnt there be a way to do that?). I found bluestack and it's worth a shot. It's basically an android emulator. It will allow you to run android apps and that opens up the whole universe of mobile/tablet based applications  




 this is all i was really hoping for. thank you. 




 2nd this.  The common notion that atheism is the neutral position is incorrect. 




 I have not read the book but the basic criticism of the new atheists outlined in the synopsis is dead fucking on. 




 The Varieties of Religious Experience by William James. Arguably one of the most important books of the 20th century. More than 100 years old but great religious scholarship and good read.

I second the recommendation for The World's Religions by Huston Smith. Also, while some scholars turn their noses up at the mono-myth -and its not necessarily religion per se- I still think Joseph Campbell is fantastic, check out The Hero with a Thousand faces.

Sacred texts you cant go wrong with; The Bhagavad Gita, Upanishads,  Tao Te Ching, Chuang Tsu , Dine Bahane (Navajo creation story), The Tibetan book of the Dead, The Lotus Sutra, the Heart Sutra 

Obviously there are more but these are the one I think of most quickly to give you some range within the different traditions. 
 




 worst beer in the world. just awful. 




 yeah, this is the way to go.  i also have an HDMI running to a matrix switch so i can toggle the TV as a monitor whenever. I like my Xbox but it doesn't really add anything this way. 




 I was changing the blade on a hockey stick once and reached out and caught a glob of hot glue as it was falling to the floor... Sticky. Painful. Stupid. 




 I coach youth football and every week the coaches watch our game from the previous week to figure out what we need to work on. 4 dudes pointing at a TV and expecting kids to get what is being explained to them seems like a bridge to far so i'm looking for a way  to highlight what we want them to see.

Most of this is just going to be highlighting individual players on a given play. It doesn't have to be fancy, it could be coloring the player a bright color or drawing a box around them. Then maybe some lines and arrows to indicate gaps and responsibility. the idea is to then email a few examples(maybe as gifs) to the kids parents so they can go over with them during the week. 

My experience with AE is mainly making gifs. This is probably rudimentary stuff but any kind of direction would be appreciated.  




 don't underestimate the value that a full version of windows gives you vs a mobile OS either.  So much flexibility. 

I picked up the i7 as a laptop replacement for my wife to use for school.  But at this point i like it so much i'm probably going to pick up an i3 to replace my iPad. 




 with 128gb micro sd cards in the $100 dollar range now, storage space can be less of a factor. That and all the cloud based storage options available (office 365 gives you 1 TB per user with a membership) is why i went with the 256gb model of the i7 instead of the 500. the bump in storage for the money just didn't seem worth it.  




 I think he's dead on.  Im not a religious person and am generally sympathetic to the kinds of arguments made by atheists. But as someone who has formally studied religion and philosophy, one of the things that has always struck me about Sam Harris specifically and new atheists more broadly is that they just dont know very much about religion. More than that, what they do know demonstrates striking level of conceptual superficiality.  

 




 Most of my life i probably considered myself SBNR. I never associated the idea with new agey spirituality at all, though. To me it was a way to reconcile the sense that there was something more to existence than the visible world while rejecting the institutional structure of religion which I saw as problematic very early on.

These days i just consider myself agnostic. Maybe a panenthiest if you really wanna try and pin it down.

 




 Im convinced that the only way to demonstrate the absurdity of the current false dichotomy of pro-choice vs. pro-life is to argue from the pro-abortion position.  I love this guy. 
 




 Madmartigan is so good. http://i.imgur.com/KHHxQBV.gif 




 I was changing the blade on a hockey stick once and reached out and caught a glob of hot glue as it was falling to the floor... Sticky. Painful. Stupid.  




 false. This demands immediate action at the highest level! The people must be heard! 




 I disagree.  I mean, it's certainly ridiculous, but that's the point. 

Whose time do you think is being wasted exactly? It's an automated system... yeah they screen it for total bullshit but even then, the intern in the Whitehouse press office that has to read this stuff? This thing probably made his day.

Lighten up. 




 just happened to me at work regarding Obama and "the Ebola outbreak." 

 




 a buddy and I used to make bets on who could avoid laughing at that first Tom Green bit. "that's that address... wise ass." 




 just posted it. 









