 First, thank you for your time. Eating non-processed foods, there is usually a higher ratio of potassium to sodium than what is normally eaten by modern people (modern diets tend to be extremely sodium heavy with minimal potassium as you know). There was a small but growing body of research a few years ago that restoring this ratio such that potassium intake is higher than sodium intake had a slew of health benefits - reducing hypertension, heart attack and stroke risk, even if the actual amount of sodium consumed didn't decrease. Essentially boosting potassium intake above sodium negated most of the negative health impacts of a sodium heavy diet.

Has there been more research about this? Was it a fluke? 




 Is it a spoiler when the book has been out for 5 years? 




 We actually had a couple where it had migrated. It was usually near the area, but sometimes off to the side a bit. The eggs may not have been super fresh, and as they age they tend to dehydrate (so the air bubble gets a bit larger and can move a tiny bit), so that could be a reason for that. 




 This is almost exactly what we did! The hard part was figuring out where the air bubble was, because that was the best place to start. Luckily if you put them in water, the air bubble usually was the place pointing upwards. Once we found that we could do exactly what you said. The ones where we couldn't find the air bubble got a little more gouged up. 




 Hey folks. We are usually base camping or car camping. My old first aid kit is almost entirely expired, and most of the useful stuff has been used up by this point, so it is time to get a new one.

What I am looking for is a good first aid kit that has really good coverage. One built for camping. I'd really like it if the kit has a snake bite kit (PA is known for being super rocky, and we see a lot of snakes on trail). Ideally it should be small or flexible enough to put in a hydration pack.

Anyone have any favorites that they can recommend? 

Or am I just better off assembling it myself and spending a tiny bit more cash? 




 I thought good samaritan laws were in place at a federal level? 




 Was it cake? Please let it be cake. I like cake. 




 Whoa, did reddit just get real?  




 Did... did she tell you to say that? It's ok, we're just reddit, you can tell us. She can't hurt you here \*brohug\* 




 Anything with an edge can cut you.

True story: when I was in elementary school, while I was in the lunch line with my tray and my milk, a friend snuck up on me. He jumped out to spook me and I dropped my tray. The tray hit the ground and the milk carton bounced off of it. I had leaned down to try and grab it, and the milk carton hit my face. A lunchlady came over and ordered me to go to the nurse immediately. I didnt know why... then I saw the blood dripping. The wax sealing the carton shut had sliced clean through my eyelid, requiring 3 stitches.

My buddy still gives me shit about getting my ass kicked by a milk carton. I could totally see a plastic cup being a deadly weapon :P 




 I seriously just showed the pic to my wife specifically because of the letter :) 




 Glad we could help! When we were trying to remove the yolks we actually found that just trusting the white not to tear worked the best.

Shelling them was a PITA, but not too horrid. You just have to use the pads of your fingers instead of nails or else you will cut right through the whites 




 100% agree. You hurt my knives, I hurt you. 




 So, by your definition people who have no political control over the place where they live do not have their own country. This is by your assertion:

They just didn't have political control over the territory, i.e. "their own country".

So, would you say that North Koreans, who have no political control over their territory as a people, do not have a country?

You also should be careful before you start guessing about what people do and don't know when you don't know who they are or where they've lived and served. 




 The way this is decribed makes me think of the game Asteroids. It makes me wonder if all of those little organizations are going to start vying for power - in which case this could only get worse. 




 And usually leading to social issues to show that it doesn't actually help. Raj is portrayed as a jerk when he drinks. Sheldon took off his pants and told off a panel of judges. They don't paint alcohol "just" as a good thing. 




 About 3 dollars at a Chinese market. They're tiny, so you get about 2 dozen. 




 I really dislike the logic that "they didn't have a country to give up." That's the same bullshit people said when they made my family walk in the trail of tears. Because some old white man didn't draw lines around it, it's not a country? How fucking presumptuous and ethnocentric can a human being be? Just because your country, specifically rich people in your country, don't recognize what they live in as a country doesn't mean that to them it isn't a country. 




 Well, to be fair, the US and UK created Israel in the 1950's after Britain realized it couldn't control Zionist terrorist organizations that eventually went on to become the Israeli government. It conveniently coincided time-wise with the end of the WWI mandates over massive portions of the region, and provided a great way to keep military bases, and thus influence, in the region. Since we created Israel, we kind of have a right to discuss it.

And before you try to correct me that there weren't Zionist terrorist organizations, google "King David Hotel bombing" and "Irgun." 




 I think her specialization is specifically in cognitive neuroscience? Those are the journals where most of her work is published.

TBH, thanks for making me add this comment - I didn't realize she is pretty well published until I googled it. 




 They're extremely similar. There's a way higher yolk:white ratio so they're much richer 




 We had leftover quail eggs after attempting to replicate the guanciale, chorizo, potato and quail egg pizza from Pizza Rock in Las Vegas. The pizza was kind of a bust, but the leftover quail eggs just so happened to make tiny bite sized deviled eggs!

They're way richer than normal deviled eggs, but they taste great! 









 LOL, I am looking at getting a PS4 as is, so I figured if it resolved the issue I'd just pick it up a little ahead of schedule :) Does the PS4 come with a SSD? Or is it a traditional hard disk? (if you know) 




 Honestly, the lag time to do much of anything in Destiny is really getting to me. Starting up the game? Wait 5 minutes. Go to orbit? Wait 2 minutes. Going to the tower? Wait 3 minutes. Trying to pop a synth? Wait 20 seconds for the inventory screen to load up.

I was never sure if it was the game system, or if it was because it had to talk back and forth with the server.

Does upgrading to PS4 help resolve the ridiculous load times? 




 This is awesome, I will definitely check it out! 




 Got it, in that case, I think the law makes sense. I mean, if you knowingly destroy something that someone else benefits from, you should have some amount of liability. 




 Oh I entirely agree with you! And I honestly think that there are some very good uses for algorithms, especially when it comes to keeping the various exchanges in sync using arbitrage! I'd venture to say that they're serving a vital purpose in that capacity. 




 I agree that they're dealing with different entities, and the levels may not be the same. 

My main point is that regulators capitulating to the entities they are supposed to regulate absolutely has precedents, especially when money is involved. This happens in the financial industry, in the oil industry, in the mining industry, telecom, etc - every industry. While I agree it may not be to a comparable level, I find the assertion that it doesn't happen at all to be suspect given the precedents.

Your original statement was:
If his book details actual cheating then why aren't they being prosecuted? **Do you think regulators just willingly turn a blind eye to this? Why would they do that?**

Like I said, there are precedents that greed or regulatory culture would motivate regulators to turn a blind eye to malfeasance. That was the statement I was responding to with the example to show that it does happen. The entities are less important than the fact that regulators can and do ignore things that they should be stopping. 




 There is an excellent article you should check out about secret recordings between the Fed, Goldman, and regulators. Essentially, the regulators do whatever the banks tell them to, and don't question it. I'm not saying it isn't a conspiracy theory, but it has some teeth and evidence to support it.

http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/536/the-secret-recordings-of-carmen-segarra 




 So the bouyant effect would be as follows:

HFT firm X sees an order coming in on BATS for 10000 shares of stock Y at 50. Only 50 shares are available on BATS. X sees the order come in, and immediately purchases all available shares at 50 that aren't on BATS, and relists them immediately at 50.05 before shares can be purchased from other exchanges. The market price is now effectively 50.05. 

Another order comes in to BATS at 50.05, and the same thing happens, except relisting at 50.09.

Thus creating a bouyant effect on the market.

I am by no means an expert, so this is probably a gross simplification. But it's the way I understood it and I think it illustrates my concern. Suppose that is 85% of trade volume (ignoring shorting for now)... you could see how that could have a ballooning effect over time. Given the meteoric recovery of the stock market after the recession, it made me curious. 




 You know, I didnt even think about shorting. Great point! 




 If HFT traders make their money by buying low and selling high with methods like front running, and that is 85 percent of all trade volume - doesn't that mean that 85% of trade volume does nothing more than artificially lift the market price of securities? It creates a constant upward pressure in the market.

If HFT disappeared tomorrow and 85% of trades went away, and 85% of the buying low and selling high went away, without that upward pressure, wouldn't those artificially high prices crash? 




 I haven't done business with them since they spent 4 months sitting on an order, and when it finally shipped, it was the wrong parts (sent a 1ghz amd chip instead of an intel chip, and sent the wrong mobo). 




 Yup. But just because they have no fault doesn't mean all divorces are no fault. If you cheat, are abusive, do drugs, are an alcoholic, or (in some states) refuse to have sex your spouse can still get an at-fault divorce.

No fault is for when both parties agree to call it quits. Maybe theyre fighting, the magic is gone, they got married in vegas, whatever. Any amicable reason.

Whether the divorce is at fault or no fault can influence things like alimony payments, triggered clauses in prenups, etc. 




 Please do!! I'm interested to see how they turn out! 




 Burger purists will disagree with me, but I usually make a panade. For every 4 burgers worth of meat - I like ground chuck - take 1 piece of grocery store sandwich bread mixed with a tablespoon of milk and mash together to make a paste. Work this into the meat. It will help you retain moisture so you don't end up with dry burgers for folks who like them well done.

Shape the patties the day before you're going to use them, and put some dalmatian seasoning on them (coarse salt, fresh cracked black pepper), and let them rest for a day in the fridge.

Get your grill blistering hot, and do about 2 minutes on each side. That should give you a medium well burger. Go shorter if you prefer rarer burgers, but remember unless you're grinding it yourself, ground meat from the store isn't the safest thing to work with. If you grind it yourself, you could do about 1min on each side for a medium rare burger. 




 So would that be the key difference between nebulae and gas giants? The solid core causes the gasses to coalesce and gather together, and eventually they are dense/hot enough that the core can melt away and they stay stable? 




 Ahhhh ok, so different Selmer than Conn-Selmer :) That explains why I hadn't seen them before!

Darn, I was hoping she could dangle some promise of business for a discount :-P 




 Yeah, I caught that. I was more saying that at least some punitive measures have precedent. It doesn't feel like a huge stretch that punitive measures could be placed on the 3rd party if they were aware that they were in fact the 3rd party. 

If the 3rd just met someone at a bar who held themselves out as single, then it's kind of screwed up to hit them with those measures. But if they were aware, it actually would make logical sense because that person knowingly damaged the marriage, and is causing the affected partner to be deprived of marital benefits.

I could really see it being argued both ways I guess. 




 Wow, that's beautiful!

I honestly never knew Selmer made guitars... I'll have to ask my wife to check it out when she visits there later this year (they're running a bootcamp on instrument repair/sales dog and pony show for music educators). 




 How the heck did you fit in that potbelly pig costume!? It's so lifelike! 




 Took mushrooms.
Complete and utter lack of giant mutant turtles. Very dissapointing. 




 killykilly-killysmallgirl killykilly-killysmallgirl killykilly-killysmallgirl... what the Stannis did 




 In most cases in the US, if adultery is committed it is automatically an at-fault divorce. While not all states would let you sue, you're basically guaranteed alimony because of the at-fault status. Basically the court realizes you got screwed over and will back you up. 




 That is absolutely awesome advice! Thank you! :) 




 Thanks so much for the suggested subreddits! We have told my wife's parents, but not mine (personality wise, its best to go that route in our opinion).

In a previous relationship, my ex-fiancee had a miscarriage after we had told everyone in the 1st trimester, so I am planning to hold off on telling anyone until we are sure it is sticking around. Good point though - I will talk to my wife about it to make sure we are on the same page about it. 




 Hey! Thanks for commenting even though the mods removed the post. She is going to start taking them in the next week or two, with the plan for us to start trying in august. 




 First, I hope this is the right sub. I haven't gotten a response posting this on /r/AskReddit, so I figured I'd give this a shot. I am just wondering what I am doing wrong or right. I also want to know if there is anything in my plans that I'm not considering.

My wife and I are planning to "start trying" near the end of this summer. My wife has started taking prenatal vitamins at the recommendation of her OBGYN, and she'll be going off BC in late july. I know that timing things can be difficult, but she is a teacher and if we could aim for a due date around the end of may/early june, that would be fantastic because it would maximize her time at home.

We are setting aside a half year's take home pay for her now while we have it, so the money can just sit there and earn interest until it is needed so she can take a leave of absence for half the year, possibly the full year.

I am trying to plan for everything that would be needed, whether or not we are successful. My wife has some thyroid issues, so not having success is absolutely a possibility. We have made a promise to ourselves that we will not seek out any fertility treatments if they are necessary, and we will instead adopt.

We have set up physicals for each of us next month to ensure we are in good health, and that neither of us has an unknown health issue that could impact our decision to proceed.

Thankfully we both have insurance and stable jobs, so that is good.

We'll be redoing our guest bedroom to turn into a nursury/kid's bedroom.

Once I have the ability I want to open a upromise and a 529 account, but I think we have to wait until the kid has arrived before that's possible.

Basically - am I overthinking this? Am I doing things just right? Are there any big considerations I am missing? Are there any moms out there who had bad thyroid issues but were still able to conceive? What kinds of difficulties might we encounter that someone who hasn't been through this before would never think to expect? 




 My first guitar was a $1k Kremona classical. I totally felt unworthy of it, and still kind of do. Hearing a professional classical guitarist make it sing, and then knowing my clumsy hands can't come anywhere close right now, I feel like I'm limiting the guitar. I know I will grow into it though. 




 Hm, this may be a perfect candidate for the small hydro setup I am putting in our basement then. It lets me keep a good eye on everything. Thanks!! 









 I had had a cultivar called "Gypsy Bell" awhile ago which was similar, but not nearly as sweet or as small as these little guys. I wish I could figure out what the exact cultivar is.

Any idea which one you have been using? Or is it just "mini bells"? 




 Hey everyone. My wife and I have been picking up bags of mini sweet bell peppers at our grocery store.

This is what they look like:
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_s--n1TR94Vs/TTxjcyzOLzI/AAAAAAAAQ-E/kgWZaTBznHU/s1600/sweet-mini-peppers-400x400-kalynskitchen.jpg

They're sweet, and super snackable. They also come with a couple seeds in each, and I was considering trying to grow them. 

However I haven't been able to find much information about them. Has anyone else tried growing them from seed? Are the seeds viable? Are they a hybrid? Would I just end up with a normal bell pepper?

I don't know much about the base cultivar so any help would be very much appreciated. 




 I'm waiting for the tread watch to come out. Yeah the price sucks, but the time savings for me makes it worthwhile.

At work I am constantly moving between buildings doing server work, and I almost always forget one tool that I need, which leads to 30-60 minutes of moving back and forth between buildings to get the tool I need. Always having it on my wrist would be more or less priceless for me. Sadly a normal multitool isn't allowed (have to walk through multiple metal detectors and they count them as a knife).

I just wish you could get the band without the timepiece, because I'd pick up something I like a bit more than the timepiece they include in the watch. 









 I have always promosed myself that if my kid comes out to me, my reaction will be "so what? Why do i care where you mash your naughty bits. Lets go get tacos."

Also, I really fucking love tacos. 




 This is weird. I work at a telecom, and I handle a lot of the records folks like the NSA are interested in. Everything is in UTC always, specifically to prevent timezone crap from popping up. 




 This is true, with one exception (to my knowledge). The executor can take a salary out of the estate before any creditors (they have to be paid for their time as they are providing a service, and without that service no one gets paid, not even the creditors). 




 My parents are about 100k in debt to Pottstown Memorial Medical Center. I can't verbalize how farking angry it makes me to know that they paid a 930% markup. 




 You can totally wash your butt with milk. I've seen it in porn and porn never lies. 




 You obviously don't watch enough porn. ;) 




 That's where I was with Witcher 1, I haven't tried 2 (even though I own both). I adore the books, but the 1 click combat was so damn boring I just couldn't stick with it. 




 LOL, a buddy of mine is a tester at Bethesda. Most of these describe him to a T - except he and is wife are quite happy, and he doesn't drink or do drugs. Not entirely sure how he pulled it off during some of the recent projects. I know he was pulling 20 hour days when they were alpha testing ESO. 




 I would definitely check it out then! It requires you to be an engineer first, but then you need people skills too. Basically, you'd be the guy from Office Space who has "People Skills"! 




 Can you provide any good info sources for building a trading strategy? Just a link or book name would rock. 




 Hey, thanks for the response to OP. I am in the "book lernin before jumpin in" stage right now. Can you provide a bit more information about the pattern day trader rule? 




 Sales engineers are usually paired with an actual salesman. Basically you interface directly with a customer alongside the salesman, and formulate a design to meet the customer's needs. Additionally, you prevent the sales guy from selling things that don't exist, which they sometimes do just to close the sale. Anyone who has worked as an engineer knows what I'm talking about ("Sure our product can do x!" "Uh, hey engineers, we need you to make the product do x by friday because we told the client we could do it.")

So, suppose I need a SAN for my company, but I'm not really familiar with SAN hardware. I'd talk to the sales guy and say "Hey, I need to talk to one of your storage guys so I can figure out exactly what I need." At which point the sales engineer pops up. He would figure out exactly what I was looking to accomplish, what my needs were, and then design a solution for me that meets those needs. That designed solution is what I would purchase from the vendor then. Often the sales engineer may also be my first step for fielding minor questions about support on that solution (usually for one off questions, not anything major that would require tracking).

The same thing would happen with software development, or any type of contracted engineering really. It's engineering, but with a sales spin to it. 




 You should go into sales engineering. Twice the profit, half the work. 




 I heard in this addition the speaker will actually tell you about all the things he could tell you about! 




 A lot of beef's cheapness depends entirely on how close you are to a processing plant. For instance, in my area, beef is absurdly expensive compared to poultry and pork. Most of it gets shipped in from the western half of the country, so it tends towards ridiculously high prices. For instance, a beef chuck in our area averages about $5.99/lb (USD) and up.

I can get a pork boston butt for about $2.99/lb. 




 Especially since, given a lot of the newer details, this was a free pool party that had flyers printed up advertising it and placed around town. The black kids appear to have been getting harassed by some suburban white folks who were angry about them being there, telling them to "go back to their section 8 housing."

So, asshole cop would have realized he was victimizing victims if he would have bothered to investigate. Not that he gives a damn, he got to beat up some negro kids. I'm sure the Fraternal Order of Police will try to give him a medal and ensure he goes back to work with full backpay, and all of those "good cops" that everyone claims exist will of course just continue to happily pay their union dues instead of saying "fuck that, this guy needs to be fired if you want to see another cent from me you won't try meddling in due process." Because maintaining professionalism only matters on paper. 




 And this is the golden reason why the police and the military are separate professions, and why you don't ever want to mix the two. Soldiers are trained to kill the enemy - that's their job, follow orders, and kill whoever the rich people say are the bad guys.

Police are public servants. Their job is literally to serve and protect. The only time they are supposed to kill or threaten to kill is when it is necessary to serve and protect the public.

When you start treating police like they are soldiers, equipping them like soldiers, and telling them that the public is the enemy, you have a big damn problem. 




 I think it's a mix. He grew up in an environment where every single person around him has aims to ascend to the throne, and they don't care if they kill everyone else in the family. So, he knows he has to be a nasty sonuvabitch to keep the dogs from running him down. I don't know if it is so much that he is a nasty person, or that he has to act like a nasty person to stay alive himself. The whole thing is farked up. 




 Thanks! I ended up talking with the receptionist and they basically said they'll have me fill out a questionnaire to get an overview of my medical history, and then just start a new patient file.

Thank you again! 




 Hey everyone. I'm completely new to using purse.io. I am looking to purchase a 600$ item and was hoping for a 20% discount. It is saying it will be filled in 48 hours and shipping will take 4-5 days.

Does that mean it will absolutely be filled within 48 hours? Or does it mean that if someone takes the offer they will have to purchase the item within 48 hours? 




 Hey everyone, as mentioned, my last checkup was about 13 years ago before I started college. My wife and I are discussing having a kid, and as a pre-step I wanted both of us to go in for a checkup to make sure there's nothing negative we need to be aware of.

The problem is, in the years since my last checkup my old PCP has retired and his office closed. I know when you move to a new PCP you usually have your medical records transferred over, but in this case I have no idea who owns my medical records now to have them get transferred over.

What should I do? If I go to the new doctor, can they just start new medical records for me? 




 I live near a large University. The rich kids who go there buy tons of stuff during the school year, and then at the end of the year throw it all out so they didn't have to lug it back home.

This ended up attracting shittons of scavengers, myself included. Everything you could imagine - TV's, tables, coffee machines, bongs, kitchen equipment, bicycles, video game systems, and more. Hell, one year we found a wheelchair.

The one of the college profs saw what was going on and decided to work with the city to make an event out of it and it's basically a massive yard sale now. It took care of it on a wide scale. 




 Dude, big props to you. 




 So how does this service know your address? Do they ask you the first time you place an order? His orders all omit that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/BbgL7x3.gif 




 In Philadelphia there is a bar called "12 Steps Down" which is, cooincidentally, under street level and requires you to go down 12 steps. You get a free drink for turning in an AA chip. 




 HA! Yup, you got it. I think they just wanted more time to fly their Cessnas (NTTIAWWT) 




  Source: Am airline pilot. Also, see 14 CFR 25.337

I'll have a beer in your honor. I know it's a tough, stressful job with shit-tastic hours.

Source: In CAP with several retired airline pilots who just couldn't take it anymore 




 Give it a shot. I've never crated a dog, even when our labs were in the puppy chewing stage (we just did our best to puppy proof). I think folks rely on it too much. I'll probably get rated down for posting that (this sub seems to be obsessed with crates sometimes).

Unless they're making a mess, "leaving presents," or chewing I just wouldn't worry about it. Just do your best to keep the dog on a schedule to help avoid most of those things. 




 Still waiting for evidence that they were bred solely for bloodsports. Considering bloodsports were almost entirely in the south, good luck.

You're the one trying to prove a negative here, not me. 




 Why not skip the crate? Has he performed any behaviors that show one is required? 




 If you have a teacher, you may want to check out the book series "sight reading for classical guitar". The books are built around learning how to read all of the nuanced symbols of classical guitar music.

The books aren't good without a teacher from what I have been told, so you may or may not benefit. 




 Yup, ty! 




 So you are saying the ASPCA is wrong. Yeah, you just keep pretending that.

Show some citations or stfu. 




 Reread what I wrote. Per the ASPCA:

 As the "sport" of dog fighting developed, enthusiasts bred a lighter, more athletic canine. These dogs made their way to North America, the ancestors of today's pit bulls. Pit bulls that were not used for fighting were considered ideal family petsaffectionate, loyal and gentle with children.

https://www.aspca.org/fight-cruelty/dog-fighting/pit-bull-cruelty 




 Maybe you could find gainful employment as an Imperial Trooper? 




 They were bred for bear baiting, not dog fighting. Still bloodsports though, so your point stands.

Interestingly enough they were also bred to be nanny dogs, but idiot breeders have kinda screwed the pooch on that one. 




 It may not help much, but the vast majority, 94%, of reported pitbull attacks come from unneutered males.

Source: American Humane Society
http://www.psmag.com/nature-and-technology/tragedy-americas-dog-pit-bull-75642)

Does the owner look like a thug, and does their dog have a big ol sack swaying down below? You probably want to avoid.

Otherwise, you don't really have anything to worry about.

Also, statistically dachshunds, Jack Russels and chihuahuas tend to be the most likely breeds to attack someone.

Source: journal of applied animal behavior
http://www.appliedanimalbehaviour.com/article/S0168-1591%2808%2900114-7/abstract

Edit: and this is a shining example of why this sub sucks. I provide cited evidence for what I say and I still get downvoted.  




 Honestly they are just as lazy when they're young (when they're pups they are spazzy though). They have the same physical build and mannerisms as cheetahs and run almost as fast.

Both of them sleep 20+ hours a day to reserve all of their energy for the one or two times they need to run down prey. They can burn an absurd number of calories in 1 minute because of how fine tuned their bodies are.

We love our hounds - such amazing dogs. They're so mild mannered and calm... great family dogs so long as you dont have one that was on the track too long (crate and food agrression can be issues). 




 I personally like Pumping Nylon. My fretting hand especially benefitted. Just be careful to take it slow because it will make your hand sore if you do too much at once.

Plus it has a ton of Andrew York pieces which I really enjoy.

I am also looking at picking up "Sight Reading for Classical Guitar" but I have been told to only use it with a teacher. 









 Luckily we have the cash on hand to make the purchase without too much hesitation. It's not "nothing" but it's also not enough to make us uncomfortable. Hooray for agressive budgeting! The money we save by camping for 2 weeks instead of staying at a hotel more than covers the cost of the tent. 




 I do! However I have been focused entirely on getting light gear, and have been more or less ignoring the story quests for now. I think I got far enough to kill one of Skolas' henchmen :) 




 Yup. They forced me to create a new google auth account. So I did, and now that one is not working. 




 I would be fine with it, so long as they add additional tools to help combat such problems. User idles? Kick them. Kinda like Alterac Valley did in World of Warcraft. 




 I thought you wouldn't get placed in matchmaking if you are already part of a fireteam? 




 Shankzilla 2: Electric Shankaloo! 




 If you're using gmail, for some reason it went into the promotions folder. 




 Yup! I just have gotten most of them from blue engrams - the drops in vanguard dragon are kinda random and I think I've maybe gotten 1 or 2 that way? Usually engrams tend to give me better luck. 




 I'm not entirely sure about that. I know when you are flying in a small plane near central Pennsylvania you can see New York City, which is about 200 miles away. NYC is about 30 miles wide. If the traveler is some of the higher estimates (1300 mi wide) then it should still be visible, assuming no mountains are in the way blocking it from view. Obviously this is all just fun guessing :) 




 I think that's how the whispersync stuff works, isn't it? I think it keeps track of your progress across all devices/readers. Not 100% sure, just joined audible this week. 




 yup! That email is what led me here :) 




 So excited for this! I literally joined audible earlier this week. My wife and I share the account so I wonder if you can specify which book to read. Like, can I say "alexa, read wall streat journal morning edition" when the last thing I've read was a novel? 




 I just joined as well, thank you!!! 




 Yup, you just have to be careful because a horse laying down can also be a sign of bloat. 




 As of last night I am lvl 31, and with Xr, I could be higher by the end of the weekend (hoping to get both the saint 14 helm, and if I get super lucky collecting strange coins, the MIDA multi tool).

I have just been playing by doing daily bounties and strike playlists. Since I broke lvl 30 I started receiving constant messages from other players about raids, but I don't have any experience so I'm hesitant to say yes.

So, what do I do next? I'd rather play with a dedicated group of people, but none of my friends are playing on PS3. I've tried joining guilds on the Bungie site, but it's not really clear how to interact with them once you've joined. I've felt uncomfortable using destinyLFG because I really don't like playing with folks I don't know or at least have some connection with (like being in the same guild). Plus the stories on here about people there screwing over others really don't make me want to check it out. I'm from the MMO world where I could usually hook up with a guild and just roll with them through end game content.

I've been scraping together whatever gear I could to level as a striker titan, though if I can get that helm I'm probably going to switch to defender. Once I get geared up I'll start focusing on tweaking to my playstyle.

Any help would really be appreciated. 




  REI Kingdom 6

How do you like it? That was one of the other models we were looking at, but my big concern was the lack of ventilation. 




 Ban high capacity assault knives! 




 Sadly my wife packs heavy. My concern is a lot of 4 person tents simply don't fit 4 people along with gear. For this trip we will be strictly car camping, however future trips will not. Also, we usually are out with groups of friends, so it isn't uncommon to have 1 or 2 guests in the tent with us. 




 Hey everyone. My wife and I are going to be spending 2 weeks car camping around the finger lakes next month. We have a cheapo 60$ 4 person tent from walmart that has lasted me for a few years. After several rainstorms I am finding I have to waterproof the tent constantly, which has the side effect of coating us in a puddle of water by the time we wake up in the AM due to lack of ventilation. The wife is justifiably concerned about spending that much time in the tent given we will need more "stuff" for that duration of a trip - it could get kinda cramped. We are also looking at having a kid soon, so we'll need a better tent that can better deal with the haphazard abuse of a child. So, we are looking at getting a new tent.

I started looking around at 6 person tents, and all of them on the low price end seemed to have some big gotchas - lack of ventilation, lack of space, flimsiness, collecting water, easily torn, etc. After looking at a number of the big brands I found the Big Agnes Flying Diamond 6, and the reviews are unanimously positive. But the $600 pricetag has my wife in a fit. 

I'm hearing things like "we should have stayed in a hotel room, it would be cheaper." I'm trying to explain that we could theoretically use this thing hundreds of times whereas the hotel room would be a once and done thing, but she's just getting huffy and saying "well, fine, get whatever you want." You married guys know that that means: "DO NOT GET WHATEVER YOU WANT!"

We go camping 2-3x a year, usually I go on one or two additional trips she doesn't because I enjoy the outdoors more. We are in PA, so we have a rather temperate climate and it isn't uncommon for an 80 degree day to yield to a 40 degree night.

It seems like on the low end you have tents that cost 100-200$ but then the price immediately jumps up to 400+ without a ton of middle ground. Since she and I have always gotten cheap tents in the past, we aren't really sure if there is a fitting jump in quality.

She wants to spend at max $200, but my concern is if we are ultimately going to get a higher quality tent (either as an upgrade or to replace one of the cheapos), I'd rather not spend the cash on a low/intermediate quality tent and just jump right to the higher end because it ultimately saves money.

Given the amount of time we spend camping, am I over-preparing? Is this "too much" tent for us? Or is she just fixated on being thrifty in a way that will bite us on the ass later? What sort of difference do you see in tents before and after that price gap? 




 Really? Thanks for the heads up about this. I learned the most Spanish of my entire life while I was dating a girl from Guatemala. Having a native speaker is an AWESOME way to learn. 




 Pretty simple question. Are they the same? Are they regional variations of the same dish? 




 Um, the true steak sandwich was invented in the 1930s by Pat Olivieri in Philadelphia. That's where the famous Pat's steaks came from and ehy they are called "Philadelphia Cheesesteaks".

I agree with your larger point, after all, it's near impossible to get a proper d'ambrosio or amoroso roll outside of the greater Philadelphia area.

Would still hit that sammich with the fist of an angry god.

Source: Philadelphian 




 Can I just throw in there how fucked up our country is when people have to be terrified of police retaliation? 




 Ok, thank you. I am going to arrange a sit-down with their spouse because their problems are bleeding over and impacting other members of the family for whom I am power of attorney. We need to get this under control. I appreciate your feedback. 




 Pretty much what it says. A family member of mine has been running campaign after campaign on gofundme, stating that they can't afford their bills, that their medical expenses can't be covered, that they can't afford insurance for their kids, etc. These things are all true.

However, after the last one was run, I started seeing notices that the same family member who was so broke was spending a bunch of cash on kickstarter despite supposedly having -$200 in their checking account. Apparently the same individual has also purchased a brand new laptop, and been buying things like crazy on amazon.

If the people who supported them found out about this, what would the legal consequences be? Would this be fraud, or would it be a civil problem? 




 Yup, hence the hesitation. Either way, thank you. 




 Appreciate it, but it sadly isn't an option as they live in my parents' home, and are quickly bankrupting the larger family. And I am my parents' power of attorney.

I can't avoid the issue so easily. 




 Appreciate it, but it sadly isn't an option as they live in my parents' home, and are quickly bankrupting the larger family. I can't avoid the issue. 




 Apologies, I didn't see it buried under rule 10. I'll delete the post. 




 Another friend just pointed this out to me, and I'll be adding both of my library accounts (hometown library and then a state-wide library) to it and see what it looks like! Thanks for the suggestion!!! 




 In our area that would be a very bad idea. Pennsylvania is notorious for destroying boots, feet, and ankles because of how rocky it is. I'd rather have my full wits about me than try splitting my attention.

I *HAVE* listened when I was just walking on a maintained path, like a canal trail or something though. 




 Hey everyone. I know recommendations aren't allowed, but I was pretty sure that that only applies to books. So, I'm taking a chance and asking this.

I am considering getting an audible.com membership. I have about 5 hours a day that I spend commuting, 2.5hrs each way) and for years I have been using librivox (for those who haven't heard, it is public domain audiobooks). However at this point it is getting frustrating because I can never seem to find decent narrators.

I was curious what /r/books thought of it. Has it been worth it for you? 




 FYI, pot is capable of causing latent psychological issues to express themselves. It is acute, and once the effects wear off so do psychological issues.

Seeing someone with undiagnosed schizophrenia get high was one of the most uncomfortable stoner moments of my life.

Ultimately I would recommend OP find a sitter for their first time just to be safe. Even if psych issues weren't in play, I've seen people have major panic attacks from getting high the first time, to the point where they had to go to the ER because they thought they were having a heart attack. I personally also sometimes get bouts where my body feels flush and my heart starts to race - at which point I have to stop whatever I'm doing and focus on my breathing to calm my heart back down. If I wasn't as experienced as I am that could easily cause some major problems.

I'm not saying pot is unsafe, but these things do have remote chances of happening. And Im saying that as someone who has been a regular user for well over a decade. For a completely new smoker, it's better to be safe than sorry. Just have a sitter.

Not like OP will get high their first time anyway (unless they go the edible route) :) 




 How would this work if there is a dog in the car? Dogs are considered property.  Serious question.  




 I'm not sure if OP is looking for equivalent phrases (ones which contain every letter of the alphabet/syllabary) or if OP is looking for the exact phrase translated into several languages. 




 Just opened a ticket! Not sure if it is something geographic or what the deal could be, but i'd be happy to help you guys figure it out. 




 Kegels for men agogo! 




 I've noticed that everything I play with pandora, prime, or tunein plays really well. iHeartRadio plays just fine when I initially kick off a station, but after an hour it starts playing extremely choppy, as if it is buffering every few seconds. It makes the station unlistenable. Is anyone else encountering this??

Edit: Seriously, wtf is with the ratedowns in this sub? 




 Hey everyone. My wife and I are discussing becoming parents, and we have a rough timeline we would love to follow (we are planning for 1 year of trying, and if that fails, adopting). My wife currently brings home about $2600 a month, and we would like her to be able to be a stay at home mom for at least 4.5 months (half of her working year), up to one year.

We currently have the cash on hand to afford this, and want to set the money aside now when we don't need it in an illiquid account to lock it up for at least 1 year. Then, after she takes her FMLA + uses all of her sick time, it should come available to act as a replacement for her paycheck during her leave of absence.

Right now if we were to put it in a savings account at our bank (Capital One 360) we could earn .75% on that money. I have thought of putting it into a 12 month bond, or a 12 month COD. I would really prefer it be illiquid during this time, both for higher interest but to also ensure that we keep our paws off of it in an emergency (we have a normal emergency fund).

So, are there any other options /r/personalfinance can recommend for locking up this cash for 12 months, and garnering a nice helping of interest? Any help would be really appreciated. 




 Also not good at paying off the right people. A little "gold or death" goes a long way. 




 Well, one will literally rot your limbs off. The other only has a slight chance of rotting limbs off. Probably better to go with the one that is less likely to rot your limbs off. 




 Hey everyone. I am still rather new to guitar - I've been playing for about 1 year, and I want to start learning to improvise at least a little bit.

I know most improvising is built off of scales, and the recommendations I've read have suggested either starting with minor pentatonic scales, or blues scales.

Is one better than the other to start with? Are there any really good exercises or books I could check out? 




 I have a LXME which is essentially the same as the LX1E, except the 1 has a spruce top and the ME is all laminate. It is a nice sounding little guitar! Big sound in a little body. I wanted all laminate so I could take it camping, vacationing, throw it around a car, have a toddler knock it over, and leave it sitting out in the open in our den, ALL without having to worry about humidity or temperature impacting the instrument. It has done swimmingly at all of that. Also, I LOVE the stock tuning machines. They're very tight and responsive, almost too responsive. It's very different from my classical.

The biggest cons I have found:

* Switching back and forth between a classical guitar and the 3:4 little martin is trying, especially with pudgy fingers. I have a hell of a time going back and forth. If you are used to playing full sized guitars, especially classicals where your fingers have a little room on the fretboard, you may want to try out the little martin first. So, be prepared to always sound a little folksy :)
* The built in tuner is off by about 30 cents (about 1/3rd of a semitone), and I have no idea how to recalibrate it. The electronics came with no documentation. It's essentially unusable currently. This is easily fixed by a $8 snark tuner, so it isn't huge. I haven't tried the pickups yet so I have no idea how well it sounds amplified.
* I really wish they manufactured them at their Nazareth location. I live about 10 minutes away from their HQ, and would love to see them employing even more locals. On the upside, it keeps my friends who work in their custom shop well employed I guess :)
* Compared to my full sized classical, it weighs a ton. It's surprisingly heavy for its size.

I'll echo everyone else - go into a store where you can try a bunch of guitars out. If you really love the little Martins, you want to try playing both the LX1E, the LXME, and the LXK2 (I think that's what the Koa one is called). Surprisingly I think the LXME sounds the best out of all of them despite being plastic.

I have heard a lot of really negative talk about the Ed Sheeran signature sounding very thin, so I would especially play before you'd pick up that one. 




 Little martins are just fine for campfire playing, actually :) I'd avoid Martin backpackers at all cost though. Even though they're both made outside the US and they're both fantastic plastic, the backpacker just sounds bad. 




 I know about 10 years ago Catty had a lot of petty crime problems. Has that improved? I haven't heard anything negative for a few years so it would be great news if it has gotten better. 




 FYI, at least in PA, having a job doesn't have any bearing on whether or not you have to pay support. This loophole was closed a very long time ago because a deadbeat parent could quit their job and then claim that they aren't bringing in any money, so they shouldn't be liable for support. Obviously, this was an easily exploited problem.

So now your support obligation is based off of your employable worth, not whether or not you are currently earning it. So, if you have a job earning 65k, and then lose it or quit, your support obligation will still be based off of that 65k because at least in theory you could get another job earning a similar wage. While it sucks if you lose your job, at the same time, your kid doesn't stop needing support just because you are now jobless.

Again, this is valid for Pennsylvania as of about 8 years ago, so it may vary by state. 




 Sadly Bungie doesn't do very much to stop it. 




 I opened a ticket about an hour ago after I noticed some weirdness. I asked Alexa to play my "BB King station on Pandora". It then tried t find a pandora station for "R B for Kings and Queens," and then apparently found a matching station on iHeartRadio. Destiny's Child started playing, and the thrill was gone for me.

I checked the app and verified that it heard me say "BB King" in the app. It just seemed like after the request was made, somehow on the backend it wasn't processed correctly. So, I opened a support ticket just to let them know.

About 5 minutes ago I got a response that Amazon had received my ticket, they had already tested it on one of their test units and verified that there is an issue, and it the developers were notified of the issue.

All within 1 hour.

Holy hell, I work in product R D and we can't manage that kind of turnaround time for our customers. 




