 Z3+/Z4 should've never existed (in the sense that this Z5 should've been the Z4. Sony shouldn't be launching mid-generation "flagship" devices with the main change being that it has a newer version of Android, which just means it will stop supporting the previous flagship faster). 




 And yet it will lack USB Type C...which could've been pretty useful, especially for charging such a large battery more quickly.

Priorities, Sony! 














  Every citizen can electronically vote on almost any decision and policy that concerns him

So you think hacking will not exist by 2100? That's probably the most optimistic thing you said. 














 By accurate do you mean "not lying"? Then, yes it is. 




 AirVPN seems to be safe:

https://airvpn.org/topic/14231-ipv6-leakage-and-dns-hijacking/#entry27633 














 What about using Microsoft's Passport tech (which apparently is being standardized for FIDO 2.0), which authenticates the user locally, and then authenticates him with a service, without that service getting any real information, like his password or whatever:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amBknB1nOYE

Also, I'd prefer fingerprint recognition to facial recognition. Much harder to spoof since you don't have your fingerprints all over the web, unlike your face. 









 What kind of nonsense is this not to include the cable? A cable and a charger is/should be part of the "whole package" of a smartphone, even more so than headphones. 




 Indeed. Denver would've been more interesting for emulating games with its significantly higher single-threaded performance, but it seems Nvidia has just scrapped it due to its poor choky multi-tasking performance. 

I think Nvidia should try again to make its own core, but this time forego the in-order "software-based" design and instead do a regular 7-way out-out-order core with a low clock speed and on whatever  smallest process node is out there (Nvidia keeps using older process nodes in their chips when they launch them, which is unfortunate).

Even continuing to use ARM's cores (A72) with its own GPU, but using the latest node and without exaggerating with the CPU's clock speed, Nvidia could still show a nice chip for mobile. 























































































































 It drops in performance with each new benchmark by the looks of it. 




 And I believe it was first reported by **Sarah O'Connor** at Financial Times.

It has begun. The Terminators are here and they're trying to cover it up saying it was just a "regular machine" that killed him, kind of how they always say in vampire movies that the victims got killed by a "wild animal". 









 This post disagrees:

http://androidandme.com/2015/07/news/lg-g4-performance-benchmarks-vs-reality/ 







































 Fast chargers do it in ~1h. 







































 Hybrids will be about as successful as "hybrid PCs" - jack of all trades, master of none (yet still expensive).

Hybrids can't focus on maximum battery efficiency because they have to hold a whole other system in there (gas-powered one). Plus, you still have to do all the same maintenance as you do for a regular car. If you don't want a tiny battery (which is what all hybrids have) then it will cost you much more to buy and own a hybrid than a full EV in the same range. 




 Yeah, this shouldn't be more than 20,000 euro, otherwise it will have a problem beating the competition. 





























 That actually happens in the U.S. a lot too, with the Supreme Court just citing Uncle Ben from Spiderman recently, or other politicians arguing that "torture works" because they saw it does on "24"...and so on. 




 W...what?

Only in the USA. I wonder how many other criminals get a movie deal. 







































 I think the problem is that it was *supposed* to be made for dog-fighting too - so it already has those kinds of "compromises" (to make dog fighting possible) *built-in*.

In other words, the F-35 is a jack of all trades and master of none. 














 I'm sure they're only making a competitor to Model 3 not Model S. It talks about an e-Golf in the article. 




 Is Cabinet being actively developed? It's been in "beta" for a year. 














 Environmentally friendly in the "lower CO2 than petrol" sense perhaps, but it has a lot of NoX particles which can cause cancer. 




 Obviously there are some real transition pains to consider, but I believe ultimately they are a small price to pay when a country's institutions can use its own open source distro along with open source software and taxpayers money are used in an open way instead of filling American corporations' pockets by paying for software which could even be backdoored.

But other than that, I also believe Microsoft is a big obstacle in countries adopting Linux, both directly (heavy lobbying against it), but also indirectly (not giving OEMs a choice but to use Windows in most markets, and even if they want to use an open source solution, Microsoft might ask them to pay a fee anyway - patents, etc). 




 Unlike Sanders or Paul, Obama actually voted for the Patriot Act extension *before the general election* happened (as a Senator). Sanders and Paul have always voted against this sort of stuff.

Lesson here: vote based on their *track record* not on what they're saying alone (cough Clinton cough). 




 I think either Sanders or Paul would make good progress on *this issue*, so I hope the 2 final candidates are Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders. That way if either one of them loses, we still get another that's against mass spying. 




 There's another provision that says "they can continue to spy on people which are *under investigation*".

I imagine in these 6 months they will start up millions of "investigations", only so they can continue spying on them after USA Freedom Acts enters in effect fully. 




 Yeah, and Model 3 should have at least 200 miles, too, although I think initial rumors put it at 250 miles, but that may not be accurate.

Also, I think Tesla's official numbers may be more accurate, kind of how Apple's battery life numbers are (or at least were in Steve Jobs' days, now I think Tim Cook has started exaggerating a bit, or at least mentions the light usage as if it were moderate usage) more accurate than most laptop manufacturers' numbers, which tended to claim battery life numbers that were about 2x what you'd get in the real world (remember those 8h battery life claims with 6-cells in 2009 or so? Never true).

For instance, I saw a recent review of the Renault ZOE, and they said it has a 130 mile range, yet the reviewer put it more at like 80 miles (~130 KM, which is about 40% less).

So unless proven otherwise, I'd much rather trust Tesla's "200 mile range" claims than other car manufacturers' "200 mile range" claims. 

Also, although not a foolproof way to verifty, checking the battery size should give a good idea of the range, too. For instance if Tesla will use a 60 kWh battery to achieve that 200 mile range claim, but VW will use a 40 kWh one, then it will be a lot more clear who's telling the truth. 





































































 NSA looking to tap into cables again? 























































































































 What about the NSA? What if the NSA needs them? Think about the NSA!

Microsoft seems to think about them, at least. 




 Well no. The CAFC ruled that APIs can be copyrighted. The Supreme Court stayed the ruling.

HOWEVER, Google's case *per se* was sent to a lower Court to see if Google's "violation" was actually covered under fair use. But even if Google wins that one, APIs still remain copyrightable as per the last CAFC ruling.

tl;dr Google still has a chance to win the case, but the software industry is *already* screwed (unless the 9th Circuit Court overturns the CAFC ruling, but seems unlikely). 




 My problem with it is that it claims to be one of the most secure apps, yet it doesn't even provide end-to-end encryption by default. It leaves it to the user to enable it. Therefore for 99% of people or cases, it not's a privacy/security tool. It's just like any other IM app with HTTPS encryption. 














 I see what you did there. 




 And Snapdragon 810 :( 







































 Not connected to the Internet. Cars likely will be. 




 That's not all. The police will probably get "emergency powers" to stop a car remotely when in "pursuit" or whatever. Some politicians in the EU have asked for the ability to remotely stop a car's engine already.

Oh, and the NSA, or Russia, or China, or your local drug cartel could probably hack into your self-driving car and kill you while you drive 80mph on the highway.

Fun times ahead! 




 "But sir, everyone does it!" 







































 Which is great. But make it fully opt-in so users who "want that potential" can choose to enable it. Don't enable it for all unaware users.

It doesn't matter if it's "just an algorithm". That data will be stored on Google's servers so either hackers or abusive governments around the world can get that data.

You know how the OPM hacked happened? That could happen to Google, too (and in fact it *has happened* - [NSA hacked Google](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-24751821)). 









 Fewer jobs. 

















































 Interesting, but "Google Now on tap" will still be able to see all the data within all Android apps on M, *unless* developers "opt-out" of that. 

I believe they are able to do that by *reading what's on the screen* in those apps (or perhaps in RAM), therefore bypassing any transport encryption that app may have. 

I think it's a very unfortunate thing for Google to do, especially when the default is *opt-out*, which probably means 90% of the developers won't even be aware this exists, let alone knowing how to disable it to protect their users' privacy.

https://youtu.be/gmgut7SR8p8?t=1m57s 









 It doesn't though. Look at Youtube and others. They may have the same width, but not the same height. The only way to fix this is to put a fixed background shape behind all of them, like Apple does it (and many Android themes/icon packs do too). 




 The new clock icon is by far the most annoying. So tiny compared to the rest.

By the way, I agree that iOS does it better and it looks much more elegant to have them *look* the same size, but the way iOS does that is by having a "background" of the same size for all icons. 

Check the Chrome icon in that example. It has a background on it, which makes it *look* the same size as all the other icons, but it's not.

Personally, I wish Google adopted the same idea, too, because Android icons look "too messy". 












































 Does that mean it will get some of he privacy features Siri/Apple's photos AI got for offline/local mode? 





































































 I wish Google would also allow users to create a "new account", like you can do now in Lollipop, but one that is completely isolated from your normal account and has "root" privileges. Kind of how Windows has Administrator and Standard accounts. 

Android accounts are by default "Standard" for security purposes - and that's great - but they should allow power users to have extra privileges on their phones, too, without having to resort to exploits in software. 




 I wouldn't trust any of Microsoft's products:

https://hexatomium.github.io/2015/06/26/ms-very-quietly-adds-18-new-trusted-root-certs/ 



























































 Ugh, I thought this is some new confirmation or something. It's last year's news. 




 Or we could just send stuff through hyperloops over the ocean. 




