 lol, how many websites have you used? If they were actually "designed with the users in mind" i gotta think most sites would be way different than they are. 




 i dunno, kids apparently mentally ill and just became obsessed with islam. I'm just glad he didn't blow anyone up.  




 Alexander Ciccolo's father alerted authorities last fall that his son had a long history of mental illness and was talking about joining the Islamic State group

A father doing it right: he saw his son was headed down a bad path, and took steps to keep him from hurting people. If more parents did that, it'd be a better world. 









 They don't want anyone getting worked up over anything that ain't the superbowl or the latest reality TV craze. Might demand some change, then, and we can't be having that.  









 What a load of horseshit. They don't give a fuck about this guy getting a "fair trial" (whatever that would even mean considering he's confessed and admits his guilt), they care about not further stirring up the public. 









 Must have been nightmarish. She's a tough kid to hike out after that sort of thing. 









 I gotta say if my favorite author reached out to me on social media and said "hey leave a good review of this book" that i hadn't read, i'd happily go hammer one out. 

This is probably a good thing, is what i'm tryin' to say. 




 A good question, for sure. I'm guessing not. 




 Working under a car on ramps or jackstands. I try to be safe, but shit does happen.
 
My brother came within about 6 inches of a car falling on him. It was absolutely terrifying, there was no warning, and it came down so fast that there'd have been nothing i could have done had it happened.

Definitely a wakeup call to be a little safer about having a car up on a jack.  




 I thought about linking that, but it's so long that i wasn't sure if people'd like it, rather than just a quick overview. But it's a VERY good read and very involved in how they were recovered and thoughts about it, etc.  




 One would hope. Totally senseless loss of life.  




 Puts me in a mind of the [German Tourist story](http://www.thelocal.de/20091114/23273) -  a family of german tourists who went into the death valley and weren't found for over a decade.  




 Whoot, victory by lowest denominator! Thanks for the gold, man!  




 I gotta say: someone shoots 4 normal people, it's huge fucking news. Some shithead drag-racer with an inferiority complex kills 4 people and it's a footnote. 














 I cannot even imagine the horror and awfulness that must have been for both of them. It's a borderline miracle she survived, and it's a tragedy her husband didn't.  









 What a fucking embarrassment texas is. Maybe we should invade them and replace their existing (evidently mentally deranged and possibly glue-sniffing) government with one staffed by sane adults.

Also, why the fuck is chuck norris still relevant? the guy's a punchline of jokes for middle-schoolers. 









 Indeed so. 

the basic story of the casey anthony case is that there's only circumstantial evidence, hearsay, and "feelings" to determine her guilt. It was never a very solid case. Why the prosecutors insisted on going forward is beyond me, unless the ghouls on fox news pushed them to it.  




 What the fuck does that have to do with terrorism?  




 Presented because this sequence of events makes so little sense as to be either a truly senseless crime, or one with much more to it than what has been presented. 









 It's a pretty pervasive attitude on reddit that if it ain't america, it's a paradise. And, oddly, a lot of borderline china-worship every time china comes up in a post.
 




 more like "And then have another boston marathon bombing and have everyone wonder why they didn't get caught first". 




 If the FBI could turn them into bombers, then some genuine radicals could have done the same. I don't have any problem with the FBI's terror investigations in that regard. 




 I gotta say, doubt of the forensic science is about 90% of why i think Casey Anthony is innocent. When the best the prosecution has is some dodgy mechanical nose and a couple of internet searches, that's not proof of anything.  




 that's actually a perfectly valid plan - just find a trench and dump'em in weighted down. Even if it only sequestered the carbon for a while, it'd be better than our current policy of doing jack-all. 




 So's saying we should abolish the death penalty because it costs to much. 




 Mental illness, would be my guess. Something wrong with how her brain works. 




 ...tried to think of something pithy to say, came up blank. My hat tips to you, sir. 




 I wondered that too, actually. At least the mother kept an eye on it. 




 Since cost is apparently now the single most important factor of justice, we should just start housing criminals in tents out in the forest or something, and make them scavenge for food. 

I mean, if it saves a single nickle of taxes, then that's totally what we should do, right? 




 One of the more-plausible methods of carbon sequestration is to grow trees and then bury them deep underground where they won't decay, locking away the carbon. This could facilitate that (Just hit'em with a huge dose of radiation before you send them down). 




 If it were 4 million, i would say "perhaps the game is beginning to get the recognition it deserves"; if it were 40 million, i would say "maybe, people are starting to really pay attention". If it were 400 million, i would be ecstatic that so many lives had been touched. And if it were 4 billion? I'd finally think "That's the recognition it deserves, finally!" 

Keep growing and stay awesome, /r/dwarffortress !  




 Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo 









 My brother's fond of saying that humans never change, only our tools do. We're still the same as we've ever been - we just got better documentation, now. 




 I just liked the incredible specificity of the news report. It's not lube, it's strawberry-flavored warming lube.  




 Probably evidence. 




 I kind of divide these cases into two camps:

1. People who are remotely understandable. They go after a 16 or 17 year old, and there's some kid of rational thought process involved.

2. People who are incomprehensible. Going after an 11 year old when you're 45 is just impossible for me to understand. There's no rationale there.

Either way damage is done to the young person, but in the second case it can be totally awful. 




 In this case, the parent noticed text communications on the boy's phone, and contacted authorities.  














 I'd just like to say that i think having a grave in the middle of a park is fucking bizarre and creepy. Put the dude in a cemetery where he belongs, not a public park.  




 I can do you one better: thanks to stephen king, i won't even get NEAR a garbage disposal. He put me off'em for life.  




 Oh man that is awful. 




 Dude's from fucking Michigan, and from a nice town in Michigan, at that. He's no more an authentic southerner than he is an authentic martian.  









 Fair point 




 No, it's all of our problem. He's gonna get sick, and then what? he's gonna miss work. he's going to be using up healthcare resources (which he may or may not pay for). Every dollar he spends on healthcare unnecessarily is money he can't spend on the real economy. 

This asshole giving himself food poisoning is, in fact, something that affects many more people than himself. 




 Don't see why not, although it'd probably be best to do it in a different location. 




 It's actually a pretty neat video, although i don't approve of it's glamorization of suicide. 




 One can hope. It's a serious problem, and i wager almost everyone knows someone who's either a hoarder or a borderline hoarder. My uncle was. 




 I don't approve of making light of a tragedy, but i can only imagine that was one hellish, awful environment for everyone concerned. Hoarding 24 cats in a mobile home is absolutely appalling.  




 I was mildly surprised to see this image referenced in Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" video; but i suppose it's so iconic that it's not overly shocking it turns up all kinds of places.  




 Yep. Place is just conspiracy v.2, most of the time.  




 Yet another loss to the horror author community. Been a bad few years.

Condolences to his family and friends :( 









 Indeed so. The strongest tool - aside from direct forensic evidence - is community involvement. If people say what they saw, say what they know, approach the police with information - that solves crimes faster than almost anything else. 




 I think it would have been MORE successful with a female protagonist, honestly. Everyone i've known who liked harry potter didn't really like harry all that much, and it was all about the supporting cast, anyway.  




 Typically, throwing more cops at a case won't solve it faster. What's most important is good forensic evidence gathering, good interviews with witnesses, and good contacts within the community. 

With a lot of these unresolved cases, there's no forensics, no witnesses, and no leads. That just leaves waiting for someone in the community to do the right thing, and that *assumes* someone in the community knows what happened in the first place.  




 A well deserved milestone. I look forward to when we break 10 million! 




 Considering the rampant poverty in ohio, I'm not surprised he'd take a more humanitarian stance on the issue. 




 Damn straight. If game devs want my money, they earn it. There's hundreds upon hundreds of games out there that would happily take my time and money instead. 

If robocraft thrives and continues to be fun? I'll keep playing it. If it dies out or stops being fun? I'll stop playing it. Either way, no tears from me. 

Nostalgia is the retreat of those afraid of change.  




 I'm sure their sad he's dead, but i'm just glad he didn't kill anyone else before he died. Guy sounded positively deranged.  




 I don't have a like, moral issue with it, but i do find it totally inexplicable. Also, probably incredibly disgusting to actually view or partake in. 




 There's more words than these, gunslinger.

On a more serious note: if robocraft can't keep playerbase and can't stay in business, that's a statement that the ecology of gaming is working perfectly. A better game will rise up to replace the niche it leaves behind.  




 To see someone who had such a position of power abuse it in such a *hideous* way is especially disgusting. 




 culling the weak and leaving the strong. I like it. 









 what would *any sane person* do? I mean i tried to imagine the thought process that lead to such a notion and just came up blank. How would one even begin to think "man, what we need to do is kick a dead squid around on a tarp!"  




 i would certainly say it's disgusting, and probably unhygienic.  
























 Be careful what you wish for, is a good motto to live by. These assholes wanted a rabid base that'd tear into the opposition no matter what reason, sense, and reality told them. They got it.

And now Trumps' going to probably pile-drive any chance the republicans had in '16 into the dirt.  




 The one thing the Olsens aren't is stupid. If i had the leverage to demand immunity before speaking, i would to. 














 Giving in to the demands of the mob is a risky proposition. On the one hand, it may satisfy the mob; on the other it may *drive them to greater depravity* to get ever more demands met.

We'll see which happens, here.  




 makes sense, certainly. And if the player character's aren't nearly superhuman like Roland, then it wouldn't be appropriate to have them be *super great* with guns.  




 It's baffling why someone would name a town after someone's first name and not even put a modifier in there. It's like having a town named Shelby or a town named Tim or something.  









 that is correct, videos used to be really expensive.  




 At sufficient speed, an impact with water is the same as an impact with concrete. he likely hit the water and got some bruising from that, and from being dragged out of the water, especially if he was resisting (or got banged up by the river bottom).

Personally, i could give a shit less why he's damaged, so long as he's fit to stand trial and carry out his sentence.  




 Weakest link in security is always the humans involved, and they are where i would look for fault, if the FBI's version of events doesn't make sense. 




 Of course. His goal is to appeal to people to get some asses back in the pews and some coins clinking into the collection plate; he knows as well as anyone does that there isn't any easy solutions or quick fixes to the world's problems.  




 I dunno, if Youtube can survive it, i'm sure reddit could, too.

Of course, alot of that comes down to what someone uses the site for. If they intend to post uplifting news and comment on "who's the nicest person of the year?" threads, that's one thing. If they want to talk about how their blasting heroin and then working as a highschool teacher - that's another matter. 




 [You'd Be Surprised](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Vatican_employee_sex_scandal) 




 Gotta say, ain't no language looks as pretty written out as spanish. For whatever reason, it just looks appealing in print.

And thanks for the translation!  




 Well, i'm sure the pope'll tap into the church coffers to help out the native american people who are around today, right? Least he can do, after all... 




 Honestly it's the best thing that Bush could have said...for the democratic cause.  




 Oddly enough my first thought was that the world of the gunslinger would probably slot in almost perfectly with regular gurps, and require very few (if any) custom rules. 

A lot of the in universe stuff is purely fluff, with no in-game effects beyond the needs of the story. The Beams, the Ka-Tet - that's all just window dressing.

the universe hopping is trivial enough to set up with basic gurps rules (or be a purely narrative event). Rarely do the characters have any control over the more mystical events.

The rest of the stuff would just be setting up the various races, figuring out just *how* good the gun characters are (are they as god as nearly-god Roland, or are they merely skilled gunsmen?), and what kind of equipment they have.

I might house rule stuff about ammunition and supplies (since that's such a big part of the books) but beyond that i don't see any reason in particular to not just go with basic set + gun fu and maybe High Tech/ultratech (albeit the high-tech artifacts would be hyper-rare). 

 









 Indeed so. Hopefully there's some solid forensics or other evidence to lead to some kind of justice and closure for the family.  



















 I'd not be surprised at all; but when their imaginary friends start demanding sacrifices, that's an issue. 




 They are pretty neat.  




 And the kicker is: the gun used was stolen from a federal agent's car. Ain't no gun control on earth that would have stopped this crime. 




 Appalachian trail is 100% amazing. 




 Must concur. First time we went to applebees our (awesome) server recommended them, and we loved them so much we gave him the rest of the gift card + 10$ as a tip. 




 Pop tarts are a borderline superfood for situations like a hurricane:

1. they keep forever and are sealed in air-tight packaging

2. They taste decent (very important consideration)

3. They are enormously dense in calories

4. They are small in size 

5. Cheap

if i had to stock my house with one food, it'd be poptarts, just because it'd give you the energy to keep going until you got somewhere that had real food and better chances. 




 most tragedies are the combination of bad luck, poor choices, and lack of foresight. That said, this one seems particularly avoidable.  





























 The CDC define [mental illness](http://www.cdc.gov/mentalhealth/basics.htm) as: 

Mental illness is defined as collectively all diagnosable mental disorders or health conditions that are characterized by alterations in thinking, mood, or behavior (or some combination thereof) associated with distress and/or impaired functioning.

If some guy's fucking a corpse, that's a mental illness. Just because it's also a personality disorder (or whatever trendy bullshit the shrinks are saying now adays), does not mean it's not also a mental illness.

Also, the legal definition of insanity in terms of competency for trial is a totally separate issue from mental health. A person can be mentally healthy, but be found to have been out of control (due to a reaction to drugs, for example) at the time of a commission of a crime. It has more to do with how the person perceived the act they committed, rather than if they have a mental illness.  









 yeah, i consider 3X3 or 5X5 to be the prefect bedroom size to cut down on tantrums, look decent, etc. Once you get'em all engraved there's almost never any problems.  




 he was diagnosed as mentally ill, but in a more general sense, from [the murderpedia page](http://murderpedia.org/male.C/c/chase-richard.htm): 

 When he had finished, he carved the corpse open and removed several of her internal organs, using a bucket to collect the blood and then taking it in the bathroom to bathe in it. He then sliced off her nipple and drank her blood, using an empty yogurt container as a drinking glass

That is not the behavior of *anyone* who's operating with a working brain. A sane person might kill another person, but they wouldn't engage in that kind of activity.  




 at the time, i gave him some credit for using a scalpel-like object instead of scissors or something. This guy was not very bright.  




 There's a bunch more videos on youtube from the same era by the same people. 

It's a pretty interesting insight into that period of time and what they considered important to pass on in terms of training and attitude.  




 Here's a 1993 video by FLETC on [the Use of Force Model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5pfcxg9aqI) 

 




 My dogs, too, have some kind of unholy love for paper towel and toilet paper rolls. The only thing my rott likes better is sticks.  




 It's not a joke, but it's a story, it has a joke in it, and other people thought it was funny at the time.

So i went to school in a pretty shitty rural area. My graduating class was like 40 people. "Judgmental" does not begin to describe the environment; every thing you did or said could and would be gossiped about. 

Almost every guy i knew had a circumcised dick. Just how it was. It was such a common thing that we didn't even think about it or consider it. 

So finally one day in 10th grade this dude - real hillbilly motherfucker - changes in gym class, and we see that he's *not* circumcised. For the next week, he was so tormented, so nightmarishly abused and mocked that he did the only thing he could do.

He circumcised his own prick, in his bathroom, with an x-acto knife.  There was blood on the *ceiling*. Of course he botched it and had to go to the hospital. He dropped out of school and, so far as i am aware, never graduated.

So the funny part, after the school hears about his desperate act we have a good chuckle at his expense, including mock re-enactments and tormenting his cousins about it. And then someone says:

"He HAD a freak dick, but now i bet he's got a *Frankenstein dick*!"

Cue laughter from all in attendance, and questions to his (female) cousin if she saw his "Frankenstein dick". 

Edit: Thanks for the Gilding!  




 Ironically the only people i know who *actually* drink tears are dacryphiles, and they all prefer women's tears.  




 why not both? 

It's certain that he was mentally ill - no one does the shit he does without being mentally ill. 

But he choose to not seek help, to not turn himself in, etc. That speaks that he was - to use a turn of phrase i'm not fond of - evil. 




 A well deserved accolade for an awesome community! 




 i like the cleaning supplies right next to the redhot sauce.  




 The theft of law enforcement weapons is an on-going issue. I'd like a full investigation into: 

1. How was the weapon secured in the car?

2. Why was the weapon left unattended in the car?

3. What condition was the car in?

4. What efforts were made to track down the thieves?

Because someone, somewhere, 100% fucked up, and i want to know who and i want to know *how*.  




 i have often found that having some nice, well-engraved walls is the difference between a fort falling to tantrums and a fort that just chugs forward.

Plus it's neat to see what the dwarves engrave. 




 Basing match on level would pretty much *vaporize* seal clubbing. 




 People join gangs for as many reasons as there are people in gangs, but it usually boils down to:

1. Respect. People feel that by joining a gang, they'll have the respect of the people around them. 

2. Safety. It may be safer to be in a gang than to be on your own, in some high-gang activity areas.

3. Money. Gangs often are engaged in illegal business and make lots of money (or so they'd have you believe)

4. Power. Being in a gang you can have power over "the little people" around you. 

5. Family/friends involved. If your older brother's in a gang, it may seem like a good idea for you to join, too. 

That said, life in gangs is often brutish, unpleasant, very dangerous, and often ends up in little more than someone going to prison, getting shot, or having a lifetime of regrets. It's a bad deal. 




 If a large monster makes it into the workshop area, then the situation has gotten far, far out of control already.  




 The republican party's showing signs of fracturing. If that happens, it's absolutely fucking superb: it'll further hurt the odds of there EVER being another George Bush in office for the foreseeable future.

I'll accept almost anything as a suitable trade-in for that. 




 Man, the republicans should just forfeit 2016 now and save themselves the embarrassment, take the election cycle to clean house. 

If this keeps up it's gonna be a landslide win for the democrats. 




 It's good to see baltimore trying to fix it's problems, and taking steps forward. That said, i dunno that firing one guy's gonna make all that much difference.  









 I legitimately don't know what should be done. I mean if someone wants to be a bad person and do something like this, over and over again, it seems like only incarceration will work to curb their behavior.

 




 I would guess. If you're getting so boozed you fall asleep at a stoplight, that's not a sign of proper drinking habits and moderation. 









 just a friendly reminder who you're sharing the roads with: it's something i always think about when i'm in a car. 









 Brutal :(  




 Yep. sooner these people learn consequences, the better for everyone in their community. 




 I could give a shit less about animals; i treat any animal that's not a pet as vermin because they are vermin.

I care a *great deal* about people engaging in sociopathic behavior where they hurt helpless things. Today's guy who beats a turtle to death with a baseball bat is tomorrow's guy who beats his infant to death for crying too loud or smacks his wife around for not having dinner done on time.  









 He was born July first, 1899 - so that would  put him at around 116 years old. I don't think he'd be whipping much.  




 You know, every time i hear of an event like this, i wonder: how many times through history has this happened? Like, some new group of bandits or whatever show up and level some (at the time) ancient structure? 

I mean i guess it's why there's not many really old buildings left around, but still.  




