 the iPad has a very good screen, camera, size, weight, cpu, battery and so on. They cannot stand still though 




 I'm not sure, but I think it was Jeremy.  




 Unavailable ? Why?

 




 They weren't presenters, they were top gear ! 









 I guess these are the last breath of the iPod family 




 Another technique from Jeremy is when he used a rope and a lawnmower to cut the grass automatically. It was when the guys went to India to promove Britain  









 Yes, it has been improved. But we cannot do anything regarding earthquakes 














 Real Racing 3 [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/real-racing-3/id556164008?mt=8) [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.games.r3_na) 









 There's nothing to be improved in the Air2 ? 














 I guess there's no way to get things which weren't backed up :/ 




 restore from backup and sync.  




 don't get the 5c. get the 5s intead. you can wait until Apple releases the 6s and get the 6 




 so, with skylake the 15'' will have 10 hours 




 Enable LTE, kill all apps , and so on. I guess they are aware of these missing features. They should read reddit and /r/jailbreak to understand what the community is developing to improve the iOS functionality 




 check the refurbished store. There's already the 2015 13'' retina MacBook there. At the moment they're not available but I've seen them. Check the site frequently. You can get a great deal there 




 The 2015 13'' retina is available in the refurbished section. At the moment there's no 2015 model but i've seen them and it's a great deal. 




 I wanna know how they managed to add an additional hour to the 15'' with the same cpu 




 I'm older than I was 5 minutes ago! Oh god! ahah, nice shower thought 




 oh cock ... 




 but the iPhone has 1GB not 3 and yet it might be better 




 And no song either  




 Yes. Jeremy showed them when the guys were showing the modified SUVs 




 The site is updated regularly 




 Basically, I'm saying they're a great transport and I'm also saying they're not. 




 That's right. You see people complaining about the 8MP camera, dual core cpu, screen res. "It only has that and it's that price? no quad core, no 3gb ram, no 16MP shooter? It's a rubbish phone with a huge price tag". Those are the people that never owned one. Just like macs
 




 Memory management is an issue with the S6 




 wat wat ? 




 Doesn't the resolution of the screen affects these results? 




 There's even a tutorial regarding all the gestures for the trackpad within the preferences menu, everything is built in  




 Knife cutting cheese, I saw it in /r/pics 




 They suck, they're a great transport and yet they're completely outdated. Of course they're faster and secure but they always have the same destination, you know what I mean? 




 I guess how much it'd weigh 




 I guess it's viral everywhere now  




 Sell it on eBay ! 




 Will you carry an empty backpack  ? 




 That must have been with the Merc 




 16 is just not enough for the majority of people. I have 64 and I have 14 gb left. Pictures, music, apps are using more and more space 




 Gather a bit more and get the 5s. You won't regret it  




 I won't, trust me. I'm an engineer 




 but no one is killing our parents ! 




 Facebook is also killing Flash 




 The 11s might be slightly thinner. It's better to wait  




 10s no, wait for the next one 




