 What types of things are you into? It's good to find people with similar interests to hang out with. 




 Look, I've been a Dolphins fan since Marino's trip to the Super Bowl. I've shared your struggles. Your hopes. I've fucked the Jets.

If you're like me, you saw a lot in Tannehill that you liked and were hopeful that he was the answer at quarterback.

But the more I watch, the more I see a guy who is just really average. He holds onto the ball too long. He has opportunities to gain some yardage on the ground, but that clock in his head doesn't seem to be working.

Trent Green was annoying during the Bills game talking about accuracy, but it's an issue. He isn't very good at hitting receivers down the field. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but every time he chucks it deep I hold my breath.

Our receivers are not an excuse. Yes we have dropped balls, but we are far better off than many teams in terms of receiver talent. And the drops...well, some of them the balls are not ideally placed. Yes, they should still be caught, but Tannehill is a part of that as well.

I hate to say it, brothers, but I think we're in for a rough ride. Get ready for a couple years of mediocrity as the organization realizes he's not the answer. Then there's maybe a house cleaning again.

Downvote me if you must. I'll be very happy to be proved wrong.
FTJ 




 He used all caps, how could you not hear him? 




 I'm a day late but hoping someone can help.

Here's my situation (Drupal 6). I have a content type with a number of fields, and views to display those fields in a table.

Let's say I have a field "Fruit" and a field "Vegetable", and a view "Food" that lists these fruit and vegetable fields in a column.

What I would like is php code at the top with would count the number of instances of each type of food.

For example, at the top it might show:
Apple: 4
Orange: 5
Celery: 3
etc..

Essentially it is counting the number of times "Apple" appeared in the "Fruit" column/field within that view. Same for Orange and Celery.

Is there php code that would do that?

Any help is appreciated. 




 Interesting...I'll give that a shot 




 I have no trouble dodging chargers, super easy, and am always playing against others. It's that timing that gets me...maybe it's my perception/eyes, but it's like you have to swing when they appear to be too far away to hit. I can dead stop jockeys and hunters...so I dunno. 




 I've always been challenged by Charger leveling. I can do it occasionally, but I definitely don't have the timing down right. I have tried the Charger custom map where you select the weapon and a charger comes at you to attempt to level.

Any tips on getting that timing down to be more consistently successful? 




 What would form something like that? 




 Hate to burst bubbles, but it's dependent on the woman, not her age. I was married to someone 9 years older than me and the sex was good, not mind-blowing. 

Now divorced and slept with someone 7 years younger who fucked like a porn star. 




 But different pipes go to different places! 




 I just think a lot of people don't find it to be a challenge. 




 Years? Lol! This whole thread just became meaningless. 




 I wasn't commenting about you, rather your teammates if you're getting overwhelmed. Pros can be overwhelmed if teammates are not helping.

That necessary level of attention is one of the reasons why I love the game.

If you ever want to play my username is Endif. I'm mostly on evilmania's vs servers and scavenge. 




 Sounds like you need better teammates :)

If other survivors aren't paying attention to their teammates then being overwhelmed can happen fairly easily. 

That's actually my biggest frustration with multiplayer and this game. It's such a well done co-op that if your mates aren't helping each other you're doomed -- so newbie players can really drag the game down. This is why there are so many kicks. It's better to have a bot than someone not helping and doing their own thing. 




 This is a common tactic in the software industry, not just gaming. You release your product knowing there are likely things to fix, and your users help identify those.

On some level I agree. Companies should put in the effort to properly test and correct first. The flip side, though, is even then they wouldn't catch everything. Some ingenious gamer will find an exploit, or the sheer volume of players would identify one, or a glitch.

All that said, the melee buffer made the game more realistic and enjoyable IMHO. The game is very focused on balance, and infinite melee was an unfair advantage as seen by the majority of players. 




 Opening to reddit first cause you rock.

R02843962zv (last 4 of phone is 3628) only has 2 people on now and I'm opening it to you before I open to family and friends.

Join and save! 




 I'm a Vermont Dolphins fan! 




 I wish more people played scavenge. 




 Personal blog logo. Social media avatar. Marketing. Gift. Fun... 




 EvilMania too 




 The elegant Boeing emerges from the river for the first time. Still weak an exhausted from its journey, soon it will learn to fly. 




 Check out her twitter: @pennymylife

I think she ate all the punctuation marks that would have made her tweets understandable.
 




 Yet another sign to lose weight.  




 Thanks for this! Taking your time to write that was very cool. 




 Ok, Seddit, I could use some help.

First, been divorced for about a year, 38 years old. I've been working on "me" by exercising regularly which has helped me feel better about myself. In general, I do feel pretty good (at least I think so). I have a good job, intelligent enough, I've been told I'm attractive, and in ok shape (not where I'd like to be yet). I am tall and thin.

From my experiences with online dating so far, I feel there's a huge plus for men with interesting and exciting lives or hobbies, but that's not my life right now. I work, go home, exercise, eat, sleep, repeat. Due to the divorce I don't have much money for other things (even though I make good money).

Conversely, I really like spending time with women (sure, no fucking surprise there) and would be pretty darn happy just "hanging out" with a girlfriend. I don't feel the need for dynamic events or activities.

There's one woman I've been seeing periodically, but due to conflicting schedules I don't see her much. And given my desire for meaningful human contact, this can cause some anxiety -- but no way in hell am I having the "define our relationship" talk.

I could use a few things from the generous souls here.
1) A fucking pep talk. Not being with someone can make me feel pretty down, which admittedly is a part of my problem.
2) Some ideas for cheap but exciting hobbies.
3) Help me deflate my approach anxiety by giving me ideas on the easiest places and ways to approach women. If I start there maybe everywhere else will become easier.

Appreciate it gents.
Endif 




 Weekdays schmeekdays. Why can't a man get a 2 dollar beer on a weekend anymore. 




 Where the hell can I get a $2 beer? 




 What exactly are we to discuss? Strategies? 




 I like that. I'm going to look into it. Thanks!
 




 Burlington, Vermont. 




 Thanks! 




 Not quite, but nice try. I did decide to skip it. I'm not closed minded, just looking for something I'm going to like and is quality.

Careful with assumptions. 




 That one looks very cool. Is this a common configuration I could get elsewhere? 




 Thanks for the info. 




 I really appreciate everyone's feedback. I'm going to keep looking around as quality is important, but I'm really just interested in having some fun with it, so I want it to look fun to me...that may be "tacticool" but I'm still learning about all this. 

Unfortunately I missed the memorial sale at Palmetto for the AR uppers (300). My intention was to get that and then a lower locally, but the uppers sold out.

Thanks again Redditors. 




  Ruger 10/22

I'm prepared for the downvotes, but that rifle just doesn't look like one I want to own. I know...I know...but I'd like something that looks cool to me. 




 Hi all,

I've never owned a gun and am considering purchasing this: http://palmettostatearmory.com/index.php/firearms/rifles/umarex-h-k-mp5a5-22lr-2245250.html

I'm not looking to hunt, just go shooting at the range with a rifle. While I'm not picky, I'd like it to look cool - lame I know, but it's my first gun, cut me some slack :)

Ammo for this is 22 which my understanding can be challenging to get, but I feel it's doable in my area (Vermont) enough that it wouldn't be an issue. I wouldn't go to the range but once or twice a month at the most.

So, is this a good rifle? What's the quality like?

Thanks for any help to a newbie. 




 So nothing to do with her body size and everything to do with her laziness. Got it. 




 Ex-wife's family only did this... 




 More of this, please. 









 This needs to happen. 




 That came across as very self-important. 




 This disgusted me. It turned into how he was doing something wrong when she is the one that changed. He's a good man for dealing with her.  




 Somebody needs to secretly record her workouts for a while and post them online to call her out on her bullshit. I guarantee she doesn't work out either very much or very well.  




 Yes, Seahawks have character.  




 This assumes they go to the gym. Randi would be sitting there alone. 




 An old philosophical question. If no one is there to see the fatty run on the treadmill. Did he/she actually run on the treadmill? 




 Harvard is an interesting example to us for this argument. My understanding is most students get significant aid from their endowment.

But let's face it, most professors make no where near that, so this one example isn't indicative of the problem.  




 All I've ever had is Windows :( 




 As in the monolith? 




 I was going to do this from a screenshot from the Shining (love Kubrick) but after seeing this I'm reconsidering.

I like how you incorporated another color. 




 #1 ingredient. 




 You pee out those calories. 




 Thank you for that. Cliff Notes to tragedy. 




 Their response would be "I promote intuitive eating. If I feel like eating Cheetos that's my body telling me to eat Cheetos and my body wouldn't tell me to do something unhealthy, that just doesn't make sense. Also, because of the way my body works, it doesn't matter if I eat Cheetos or celery, I'll gain weight. Now, GET OUT OF MY LIFE." 




 Was this post for a "dumbest person on Earth" contest? 




 Thank you. I needed this. 




 Yes, this. What you are responding to is a distraction from the point.  




 If only there had been some sort of warning.  




 This. As a hiring manager. This. 




 Have we gotten to the point where that is "small fat"?

If so, holy crap! 




 My guess is it wasn't right away, but next day or two due to constipation.  




 I'll take her then. 




 Is that a rhetorical question? 




 That's a lot of semen. 




 This is why I'm for taxing unhealthy food. You want to eat yourself to death? Fine, but I'm not paying for your poor choice.

And I'm very liberal, happy to pay taxes for those who have fallen on hard times, but this is silly.  




 Agreed, very sad. A few years from now when she has disease after disease she'll look back with a kit if regret.  




 Not a lot of attractions but you'll find amazing local food, some of the world's best beers, winter sports, and generally friendly people in a clean and safe environment. 

If you're into the movement to ficus locally (rather than chain restaurants, and mass produced everything) you'll fit in.

If you want Broadway, big city, national sports, long warm days, then you'll probably hate it.  




 "Love" is the appropriate word here. 




 How old does a rash have to be to call it an "old rash"? To me that sounds like she's had it for years...I bet it's a yeast infection between her folds. 




 Why is she even allowed to give medical advice? That's a big "no-no" and could get multiple people in trouble, including Tumblr. 




 I still haven't seen a ufo. So pissed.  




 Checks out.  




 Just like it's not binge drinking if you're an alcoholic. Doctors are wrong! 




 It's ok because the wealthy don't like fiats anyway.  




 Notice he didn't thank the current staff... 




 Some of you need to share your stories with This Is Thin Privilege on tumblr. Please.   




 This silence is deafening. 




