 Eden of the East 




 Never remind me of that. That episode depressed me so much it almost ruined my holiday. 




 5 Centimetres Per Second is surprisingly great. I also really like When Harry Met Sally and Lost in Translation. 




 I haven't, but I'll add it to my list and try and watch it soon. 




 It's really good. The animation is beautiful and it's really well written. It's a very powerful metaphor for love and youth. I don't really know what to day other than it's pretty enjoyable even if you don't like anime and one of my personal favourites. 




 * Super 8
* 5 Centimetres Per Second
* Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 It's not nearly as bad as Punisher. 




 Don't forget James Gunn. 




 Just watched it. I was kind of disappointed. It only spoils stuff that'll be revealed in the first act of the movie. 




 He hasn't met him. He's trolling. The Govenor first appears in episode 3x03, not 3x02. 




 Court of Owls? 




 As long as he writes it. His dialogue is just so money baby. 




 As in Mighty Avengers and The Initive. I read the first four issues of The Initive and didn't really like it, but the reading order I'm following lists it as essential. Is it worth giving it another shot? 




 5 Centimetres Per Second is a beautiful and unique romanitic film.

The Garden of Words is by the same director, but it's not as good.

Lost in Translation is an odd one as there's nothing particularly special about the way it's shot, but it looks beautiful.

Wes Anderson has a keen eye for visuals, I'd recommend The Grand Budapest Hotel, Moonrise Kingdom and Fantastic Mr Fox.

I haven't seen it, but I hear the Assassination of Jesse James is quite pretty.

This is probably not what you're looking for, but the works of Edgar Wright rely on visual humour a lot. The best examples of this are seen in Scott Pilgrim vs The World and The Three Cornettos trilogy.

It's probably in part due to the general atmosphere, but there are some shots in The Good, The Bad and The Ugly that are so hard sketched into my mind.

And finally, the obligatory not a movie comment - Hannibal, Pushing Daises and True Detective. 




 That's actually just from Iron Man. Warren Ellis' excellent Extremis arc.

Also: charge your phone. 




 This should give you a pretty good understanding of the entirety of the MCU. You'll need to Google some of the reading orders.

* Dr Strange - The Oath and New Avengers Annual (2014)
* Captain Marvel - Brian Reed's run
* Thor - Ragnarok, JMS' run or Godbomb
* Blanther - Christopher Priest's run or Secret Invasion tie-in
* Guardians of the Galaxy - [This epic saga](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg)
* Captain America - Brubaker's run
* Inhumans - Paul Jenkin's run
* Jessica Jones - Alias
* Iron Fist - The Immortal Iron Fist
* Luke Cage - Bendis' New Avengers
* Punisher - Greg Rucka's Run
* Ant-Man - The current run was only commissioned so they'd have a trade for the new movie, they're just lucky it was really good. Different Ant-Man, but I really enjoyed The Irredeemable Ant-Man.
* Daredevil - Frank Miller's Run (including Born Again and The Man Without Fear), Daredevil: Yellow, Battlin' Jack Murdock, Waid's run or Bendis'/Brubaker's runs. [If you really want more.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/3a7yyp/s5e10_melisandres_prophecy_spoilers/csb0y6e?context=3)
* Iron Man - Demon in a Bottle, Armour Wars, Doom Quest, Fraction's run, Extremis
* Hulk - Planet Hulk, Hulk: Gray or Hulk: The End
* Shield - Hickman's or Waid's run
* Hawkeye - Fraction's run, Lemire's run or McCann's trilogy
* Black Widow - Brubaker's Winter Soldier, Marvel Now series
* Avengers - The Ultimates I   II, Busiek's run, [Bendis' run](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m815zi24Ga1rpok63o1_1280.jpg) and Hickman's run
* Spider-Man - Ultimate Spider-Man, JMS's The Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man: Blue, Spider-Man and the X-Men and Kraven's Last Hunt (which the third TASM movie was going to be based on).
* Deadpool - Deadpool Killology, Night of the Living Deadpool, Cable and Deadpool and Marvel Now run (from #7 onwards)
* X-Men - Claremont's run, New X-Men, Astonishing X-Men, Messiah Trilogy (and maybe Google the books surrounding it, particularly the work of Brubaker, Ellis, Carey, Kyle   Yost, Fraction, Gillen and that Cable series that was going on), Ultimate X-Men (up to #66), God Loves, Man Kills, Schism, Wolverine and the X-Men, Bendis' Run
* Wolverine - Claremont/Miller's Miniseries, Rucka's run, Aaron's run, Logan, The Death of Wolverine, Origin (I   II)
* Young Avengers - Both volumes, Dark Reign: Young Avengers and The Children's Crusade
* Runaways - Vaughan's run
* Thunderbolt's - Ellis' run
* Other X-Books - X-Statix, Madrox/X-Factor (the one where they're a detective agency), Cable (2008), X-Force (2008), Remender's Uncanny X-Force
* Falcon - All-New Captain America
* Fantastic Four - Waid's run and Hickman's run and Ultimate Fantastic Four (up to #33)
* Ultimate Mr Fantastic (in order) - Ultimate Fantastic Four (up to #33), Ultimate: Fantastic Four Requiem, Ultimate Comics: Doomsday, Hickman's Ultimates, Secret Wars
* Ms Marvel - Ms Marvel
* Miles Morales (in order) - Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man, Spider-Men, Miles Morales: Ultimate Spider-Man
* Star Wars - Star Wars: Legacy, Star Wars: Legacy - War, Dark Empire, Dark Empire II,Dark Force Rising, Dark Times, Dark Times - Blue Harvest,Darth Vader (2014), Crimson Empire, Boba Fett - Agent of Doom, Knights of the Old Republic, Princess Leia (2014), Shadows of the Empire, Star Wars (1998), Star Wars (2014), X-Wing: Rogue Squadron, Star Wars: Republic, To Take the Tarkin, The Last Command, Darth Vader and the Ghost Prison, Crimson Empire, Star Wars Tales, Purge, Tag and Blink are Dead, Empire's End
* Other notable books - Marvels, 1602, NEXTWAVE, Infinity Gauntlet, Magento - Testament, Secret Wars, Spider-Man: Noir, Luke Cage: Noir,  Daredevil: Noir, Old Man Logan and House of M

Get yourself Marvel Unlimited as well as it's the only possible way you could digest all of this.

Edit: Added Star Wars 




 Yes. Did you read any of them? 




 As in Mighty Avengers and The Initive. I read the first four issues of The Initive and didn't really like it, but the reading order I'm following lists it as essential. Is it worth giving it another shot? 




 So, when's part two? 




 There were four Superhero movies last year. Four. Seriously. Why are people acting like that's too many? There are plenty of other options. 




 He toned it down in Jurassic World. He really wasn't that Andy Dwyer-ish. But, the movie was so silly I barely noticed.  




 He starts when he's thirteen. Interestingly, people thought he was too young for adults to associate with so they had a time skip so he was 15. 




 Pascal would have made a great Dr Strange IMO. This is a given considering both Strange and Pedro are sexy mother fuckers.  




 You need someone butcher and stronger for Cable in my opinion. Perlman is too old, otherwise he'd be my first choice. 




 My only problem with the inclusion of The Punisher is the fear that it may mean we won't see Elektra, the Hand, Bullseye or - much more importantly- Stilt Man. 




 Yeah. It's better to wait and use him well then use him poorly. 




 The word hero. The Inhumans are just people. 




 Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Suzie in Sex Criminals 
 




 He'd only be good if they were going for adventurer Mr Fantastic rather than troubled scientist Mr Fantastic which is his more modern depiction. For the latter, Teller is perfect as he'd be playing the same role as in Whiplash with science in lieu of drums. 




 I don't think think a Transmetropolitian film would be a blockbuster, but Imd very much like one. 




 What issue is this? 




 I fully expect a ton of these covers to be commissioned next month. 




 McConaughey almost exclusively plays characters with inner demons. I think I'd cast Dancy for the same reasons I'd cast McConaughey. 




 I just finished watching the third episode of this season and I'm not too sure. He seems too weird and I think I'd struggle accepting him as some kind of space messiah, he doesn't seem wise enough and I'm not sure he'd make an entirely convincing action star. I don't think he'd be the worst choice though. 




 Sorry, did I misspell a word? 




 You misspelt Matthew McConaughey.  




 With Co-Op? 




 I can't stand the Looper rules, but here it works better. I really wouldn't want another parallel universe story.  




 I consider it a fan theory as Kendrick in his albums is a charcter, but a character loosely based on a real person. I've made this analogy elsewhere in the thread, but it'd be like saying Zuckerberg killed some in The Social Network. Whether it applies to real life, I'm unsure, but I believe it applies to his albums. 
 




 If you like Prisoners, you'll love Mad Max, Interstellar and the Avengers. Actually, I'm not too clear, do we like the Avengers anymore? 




 The pay off is still there, it's just a post-credits scene.  




 The Garden of Words is a beautifully animated Japenese film directed by Makoto Shinkai. It's about a teenage boy who falls in love with a young woman he meets at a park bench every morning. The animation is phenomenal and it has a similar nostalgic tone to Lost in Translation. The dub is surprisingly good and the actors carry a lot of emotion, in case you didn't want to watch it subtitled. It's only 45 minutes, so don't be surprised if you find it short.

[Here's the trailer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoA4vYlfoc4)

Edit: I forgot, there's a crucial post credits scene, that you really can't miss otherwise you miss the payoff for the past forty minutes. 




 The point of it is, it adds another layer to the complexity of the character that is Kendrick Lamar.

Also, that's a unhealthily dismissive attitude to murder. 




 I didn't actually, but thanks. I got it from [here,](http://www.djbooth.net/index/news/entry/2015-04-20-kendrick-lamar-kill-someone) and I just wanted to share. 




 Did you not know Jay-Z's a motherfucking monster?

Seriously though some very good points here and even if Kendrick did kill someone, he'd be wiser for it and I wouldn't think it worth debating whether he's a good person nowadays. 




 What else has he done that's notable. 




 Frank Miller's art is NOTHING without Klaus Janson. 




 They're still good - just not on par with the series. They're a little rushed and don't really stand alone very well. Whether the conclusion is satisfactory or not is also really debatable. I liked it, but I know many didn't. All kind of makes sense seeing as the movies were the disused plot of season two. 




 I really liked it, but I was a bit disappointed by the movies. Otherwise it's great. 




 The point of the article isn't that you should judge him for it, more about wondering about how it affected him if he did. 




 A) I didn't write this.

B) I'm not really a fan of the analogy either. It's kind of inappropriate here. 




 Isn't it ironic, that if he did kill someone, Kendrick may be a better man for it? 




 Sorry, Le Fram Bruhs? 




 What's even circle jerky about this? 




 What's the circlejerk? This is just an analysis. 




 [What a douchebag.](https://themonthlyspew.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/3036582-2021834-1803127_cyclops_douche_super_super.jpg) 




 Then follow it up with Whedon's Astonishing X-Men. It's a bit more of a light-hearted fair, but it's just as good, if not better and I view it as a sequel of sorts. 




 My biggest problem with the otherwise great New X-Men is the art was too cartoonish compared to how darkly Kyle and Yost were writing it. Children were getting murdered left, right and centre yet it still looked like an all-ages book. 




  And the widescreen panels. And the black boxes. 




 Is We Are Robin any good? 




 The way I see it, in his albums Lamar is a character based on a real person; like Zuckerberg in The Social Network, certain elements are fictitious and exaggerated, but there's a lot of truth there and they both feel a lot of regret. Is this regret sourced from this murder is the question on my tongue. 




  Like I said I really dig your theory and I want to listen to albums again and look at it with another perspective.

First thing I started to do after reading this. Working my way through MaaD City now. 




 I hope he acts in his films. Lots of untapped potential in there. Also, nice Bad Meets Evil reference. 




 So many places you go with it (literally). Its premise could lead to almost anything. 




 Decent list I guess. Some things I don't like, but that's expected. I personally would have included Eden of the East, Hunter X Hunter and some movies. Akira, GitS, 5 Centimetres Per Second, Princess Monoke, Spirited Away and The Garden of Words would be my main picks for movies. 




 Regardless of your feelings towards those shows - I dislike Sword art and Black Butler, but love Deathnote - these are pretty great starting points and anything to get people into the better stuff is good in my opinion. 




 Jesus fuck! That's scary as shit! 




 Completely pinched from this [source](http://www.djbooth.net/index/news/entry/2015-04-20-kendrick-lamar-kill-someone), but I really wanted to share it.

 He watched House Party and ate Apple Jacks, sold Sega games while his cousin sold crack, pumped Reeboks while his uncle pumped packs. Since his introduction to the world, Kendrick Lamar has been the good kid from an ugly city. He embraced his roots, accepted being a boy from the hood, painting himself as Tre instead of Doughboy. Since birth, he was inducted into the madness. Weve seen the album cover, a baby at a table with a 40 next to a baby bottle. Heard the tales of his homies, how he witnessed their departure into darkness. He couldve been them. Somehow, he stayed away from the gangs. Kept his head in a notebook instead of rolling up papers. He left Compton untainted, a survivor, and told the world his story. Just as Obama became a symbol for hope when he was elected, Kendricks story has made him into an example for kids living in the same jungle. 
 
 What if Kendrick wasn't always so good? What if something traumatic happened that changed his life?
 
  *Been feeling this way since I was 16  The Blacker The Berry*
  
  *If I told you I killed a nigga at 16, would you believe me? Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street*  M.A.A.D City
  
  *So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street, when gang banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me*  The Blacker The Berry
  
  *As a kid I killed two adults, Im two advanced*  Hol Up
  
  *My innocence been dead*  Ab-Souls Outro
 
 When Kendrick sat down with Rob Markman of MTV to discuss TPAB, he brought up the last line of "The Blacker The Berry" and Kendrick said his lyrics are from his experiences, his real life. I been through a lot, I seen a lot, where I come from, Ive done a lot to tear down my own community, he said. I wanted Rob to dig deeper. What, exactly, had he done to tear down his community? Kendricks face shows theres something hes keeping below the surface. As soon as you even allow yourself to ponder the idea, to consider even the hypothetical scenario that Kendrick has truly murdered another man, your brain starts to shut down. Its like if Batman killed the Joker, no one would believe it. That goes against his moral code, no matter what the crime or criminal, theres a line he wouldnt cross. Or, maybe more accurately, a line we think he wouldn't cross, as if we really know his life, as if we really know Kendrick Lamar Duckworth. 
 
 If these were Bobby Shmurda lyrics there would be no doubt. They would match his image, a young man that turned his reckless lifestyle into rap music. When Bobby said Mitch caught a body a week ago it was more than a catchy lyric, we all believed him. The police believed him. Yet, Kendrick says he killed a man, and we mask it as metaphorical. Assume its conceptual, that hes speaking from another perspective. And it very well may be...but what if he's not? Just allow yourself to think if for a moment. Kendrick has also insisted that the stories he tells are real ones, although not always his story. But what if he really did shoot someone? What if gangbanging really did make him kill someone? Even if he confessed the entire story, would you believe him? 
 
 On "Sherane," Kendricks mom tells him, If he keeps fuckin around in the streets, he wont make it to the next grade, 11th grade. Between 10th and 11th grade you're likely 15 or 16 years old. This time period seems to hold great significance. This is when hes breaking into homes, smoking weed and roaming the streets in his mommas van. He's been in circles that were causing mayhem in the streets, at the age of nine he was hanging with a crew of kids packing vans with guns and seeing someone get their brain evicted from the skull. Not saying he was active, but Kendrick is able to document the mad city because he was in the heart of it. Flags didnt hang from his back pocket, but his affiliation with friends likely threw him into dangerous situations and scenarios. One unlucky night was around each corner, grandma staying in the wrong neighborhood could lead to guns drawn and bullets soaring. Kendrick went from being a product of his surroundings to escaping through music. Something triggered this mentality change, what if the change was brought because he killed someone? Imagine if the ending of GKMC is fictional, instead its like Boyz In the Hood except Tre doesnt get out the car. You got a bunch of boys, filled with rage, who just witnessed a friend die. I believe they got revenge before an old woman with holy water baptized them. 
 
 *And if this bottle could talk* (gulp) *I cry myself to sleep*

  *Bitch everything is your fault*
 
  *Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend*
 
  *Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed*
 
  *I know your secrets*
 
  *Don't let me tell them to the world about that shit you thinkin'*
 
 "U" is Kendrick at his most personal. Its chilling how he was able to convey such emotion. The song highlights his faults, moments where he let himself down. Failing as a role model, failing as a brother, failing as a friend, confessing his suicidal thoughts, it all pours out of him like punctured blood vessels. That last verse it seems like hes about to make a confession, but instead decides to chug from the bottle. An incident that shook him to the core, an altercation that couldve lead to confinement. He carries an immense amount of survivors guilt, its apparent on a good portion of TPAB, but it feels like hes haunted by more than just escaping. Through music hes seeking redemption for the all the wrongdoings in his past. By becoming a beckon of light, he stops the cycle that stole his friends, enemies and his innocence.
 
  *"Yesterday I invaded privacy of a home*
 
  *The day before that my partner had fronted me a zone*
 
  *A week before I had loaded bullets inside that chrome*
 
  *Two weeks before that I shot them bullets and he was gone*
 
  *A month before that I cursed my mother then slammed the door*
 
  *Six months before that I hit my woman, she hit the floor*
 
  *I stormed out then seen a black Honda Accord*
 
  *Them hollow tips missed me then hit that little boy"*
 
 Theres a song called His Pain on BJ The Chicago Kids mixtape, Pineapple Now   Laters, that I always felt shouldve been placed on Section80. The title is fitting and Kendrick completely dominates the song with a grief stricken performance. He raps three verses before BJ even appears on the song. The hook is Kendrick repeating, I don't know why He keep blessing me, while illustrating the cold world that hes currently trapped in. The second verse, he talks about home invasions, murder and domestic violence. Hes talking loading bullets and blasting, being shot at, surviving but a stray bullet hitting a bystander. We can assume this is incredible creative writing, or incredibly candid storytelling. In the third verse he says, I analyzed on how a saint can play the villain, self-reflecting on who he is, and who he is becoming right before having a revelation. He believes God blessed him so he can bless us. Thats the Kendrick Lamar mission. To redeem himself by using his life to redeem others. 
 
 This is the theory that my buddy Kelechi and his brother Ukandu brought to my attention in a group text. I was in denial when they first shared the evidence, claimed it all as reaching, but its hard not to at least seriously consider once all the dots connect. The text thread is literally full of countless oh shit, fuck and you have to write this. It feels dirty to even think. Kendrick is hip-hops golden child. We finally had a rapper that wasnt just about money, bitches and violence, his thoughts are bigger than the clichs, and I would hate to taint his image with mistakes made during adolescence. I respect the fact that he puts it out there, like an Easter egg for listeners to find. Something happened during Kendricks 16th year, possibly an accident, maybe self-defense, but it changed him forever.
 
 I know friends that come from good homes, great parents and still get tangled up with the wrong crowds. The kind of guys that never break into homes but stand outside as lookouts. They wouldnt rob a bank, but they have been a part of check fraud. This is how I always imagined Kendrick, flirting with danger, but never gave into the temptation. If he held a pistol, it was unloaded. He got fired from his job after being pressured to stage a robbery. This isn't the kind of guy that is expected to be a kingpin of crime. I figured he spoke as a witness, he rapped from the perspective of an observer. Thats the person I connected with, who I rooted for. He symbolized overcoming a life in a rough environment. The thing about being a rap fan, the lyrics are sacred. We spend time dissecting and separating the real, phony, and exaggerations. His stories were real, but when he touched on subjects that seemed out of character, I dismissed them as just that - Kendrick channeling a character. Now, things have changed a bit. The information isn't new, it's always been there, I'm just now seeing the puzzle with all the pieces. 
 
 Now this is not an article saying that Kendrick did it; as much as the police are increasingly trying to blur the lines, as much as rappers try to blur the lines, song lyrics are art, not confession. But ever since the day I first started thinking about this article, I was lookin at him different.  




 I just really like their relationship in the comics and find their banter amusing. 




 Well, Civil War had more consequences than most events (its inpact was still felt until 2010). My problem is the fact it is incredibly poorly written and so many people act out of character.  




 That's a shame. I was really hoping he'd be in Doc Strange. 




 He got the Iron Spider gear in The Amazing Spider-Man months beforehand and he's barely in the main book itself and his role is really inconsequential. Anything notable that happened to him in that arc was retconned out a year later.

I really don't like Civil War. It's honestly one of Marvel's worst event books and that's truly saying something. I'm sure this movie will be good though. 




 His role in the comics was a bit part. He only appears on about ten pages. 




 Agreed, but DC needs more series with female characters headlining. 




 Batgirl isn't really Justice League, but the others would be great, but it seems kind of unlikely as they've already confirmed seven members and that's the traditional amount the League has. Martian Manhunter is a shapeshifter, so - if they include him - he could be depicted as a woman, like Xavin in The Runaways. 




  Your average Bloomingdales mannequin has more talent and charisma than Tatum. 




 Personally, I feel the franchise was better for it. 




 What I find interesting is Buffy is just a Kitty Pryde (an X-man) rip-off. 




 The superlative season. 




 The finale of Dexter - never again. 




 No, but not many blockbuster franchises do. At least the MCU has a lot of surprisingly good and very entertaining. 




 Damn straight.  




 When do I watch this in relation to the 2008 series? 




 I didn't realise how good DC have been about this. Probably because the Justice League in the comics is mostly white. Not sure whether Ezra Miller would identify himself as a person of colour though and Green Lantern and Shazam are yet to be cast.

Edit: It could still be less of a sausage fest though. Maybe a female Green Lantern to make up for the years of fridging  




 Does anyone else. 




 What I find impressive about the MCU is they've not had any movies that bad. How many other ten-film franchises can you name where the worst film is just mediocre? 




 But, it did. Clearly, it did. 




 Why? I love both movies, but I'd give F F7 the edge because the protagonists aren't all white (Sam Jackson is a bit player). 




 No superheros? Short of the capes, Toretto's gang have been superheroes since the fifth one. They're basically an ethically diverse Avengers with mad driving skills in lieu of powers  




 I don't even think it's for gear heads anymore. They haven't had a straight up race since the fifth one. It's more like The Avengers where all their superpowers are being good at driving. 




 My mixed race friend told me to play down my race because I use the word "nigga" casually. 




 Race. 




 I kinda want it to be Doc Strange as their relationship in the comics is superb. 




 No, he's not. He was hired because the director wanted that actor. That's it. 




 The argument has never been about Peter - it's more about representation. 




 That was never even in question.  




 Well, Idris sure is sexy, but I'm not sure he could pull off the flirtatious banter with every other Avenger. 




 Who's most famous role to date was the incredibly camp Peter Allen. I hear he was great in that though. 




 No, they don't. Do you think so little of casual movie-goers? This is the 21st - where no-one should bat an eye at siblings of different races. Half of drama is making assumptions about characters, I don't see how this is any different.

All that matters is that Johnny and Sue treat each other as siblings and love each other. That should be enough for the casual audience member to understand. 




 Watch Whiplash - Teller's character is essentially Reed Richards with drumming replacing science. 




 Seriously, they should have given Elba a much larger role. The fucker could have played anyone of the Avengers well (apart from Hawkeye). 




 You know, the fact that they're adopted probably isn't going to be mentioned in the film  




 Too old. 









 A movie that pays homage to 80's movies. Like Drive or John Wick. 









 I'm not doing this with you. 




 Any chance for a Punisher team-up? 




 Personally, I think Dances with Wolves is a more interesting story, but Avatar is a superior movie. Sorry to use the obvious example, but sometimes it's the best one. 




 No, let's speculate. A serious homophobia accusation might be what it takes to kick him out of DC.

I'm more than willing to drag myself down to his level to be shot of him. 




 I'm fond of Gravity is a Western. It features a lone, mostly silent protagonist travelling though a desolate and barren landscape where danger is around every corner. 




 Do you have the bigger editions? Is it just me, or was KnightsQuest just run-of-the-mill Batman stories with Azreal's descent into madness being the only interesting thing about it? I love KnightFall and KnightsEnd though. 




 Honestly - as much as I love them - most Superhero comics are the equivalent of dumb blockbusters. Image and Vertigo is pretty much the place to be if you want intelligent writing. 




 It seems like your comparing a single issue of a comic to an entire series or novel, which I'd disagree with. A 22 page comic is going to have limitations, but when six issues come together to form a trade,  then this would be more apt as they have just as much room to develop characters and stories. If "limited dialogue" is just something you've experienced in comics, I'd point you towards something wordier. Some comics average a hundred words a page where others average ten. I also feel characterisation can be conveyed through emotions and reactions which illustrations deliver with ease. 




 Nope. The only advantage that TV has is length and novels' prose. Prose can easily be replicated by comics though and comics have the ability to display things happening at different times simultaneously and have many other tricks that give them an advantage (not to mention budget). Google Scott McCloud's Understanding Comics. A great read that really gives more insight into art in general. 




 Link? 




