 Test audiences. Heh. It's the most anti-artistic concept I can think of. 




 Errr... What mask? 




 [So that's the fucker who has been singing this song for four days in my head!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srEDcmbrmZA) 




 Reddit never ceases to amaze me. 




 I looked about this in youtube but found nothing. Do you have any video somewhere? 




 So she was like your 3D printer... 




 I just want to point out that you are reposting some of your photos. Maybe you should be more careful. 




 Imagine explaining your grandpa comments like "and my axe" or "rekt". 




 Yeah, like in that Mtv show. That would be interesting. 




 Then I'm soulless since many years ago. I got it removed when I was twenty something and I still get my heart broken by girls and feel moved by art works. 




 Brian Peppers 




 Im sure this thread got lots of shit and off topic posts. They just edited it out of the picture because it's irrelevant. Of course nowadays you'll get tons more of shitposting, because /b/ is more populated, but you still can do threads like this whenever you want. It's just that the people with imagination are not interested in /b/ anymore because the cancer killed it years ago. 




 Can you believe I almost cry everytime I watch this commercial? 




 Yeah, that's obvious. Even so, he was creative enough to make such an awesome thread. Years ago there were lots of people samefagging and doing very original threads like this one. You don't find that kind of stuff nowadays in /b/. 




 Damned was quite better. I love everything hell and heaven related. But Pygmy was like Palahniuk was parodying his own style and thematic. 




 2009. Back when /b/ still had epic threads like this. 




 Every time you didn't look, you were missing thousands of dollars in CGI effects and costume design. 




 I think that artist is Thomas Ott. At least it looks like his style. I think he draws white over a black background. He has some great and eerie comic books like Cinema Panopticum, Greetings from Hellville or The Number 73304-23-4153-6-96-8. 




 I would recommend Haunted next. And maybe Choke and Rant. 




 Pygmy is sadly the worst thing I have read by Palahniuk. 




 I think this is one of his best books, because it has the creativity, originality and passion of that young age when he started writing it. It has many unanswered questions maybe because it's more about mistery, poetry and atmosphere than about a definite plot. But every following book gets more and more conventional. The world of this setting and the story of the characters get better explained with more and more details with every book. The last books were almost insuferable for me regarding writing style but I can't deny it's a very very funny and imaginative saga. 




 I would sell the most valuable books, get some money and donate the rest of the collection to a public library. You would be doing something  great for your community and will feel great. If the collection is as big as you say the library could put it in a special section and put it your friend's dad name in his honor. That would be a great way to remember him. I work in a public library and we have a special collection named after a guy that made a huge donation of old books.  




 "We all float down here" 




 Bob 




 Thanks. I watched that moment twice and I still didn't get what I was looking at. Due to the angle of that shot, it seemed like there really was a tiny woman swimming in milk right there. 




 Wow. You are damn good. In fact I think I've seen some of your work before in tumblr. 




 Do you have some illustrations online that we can see?
Not necessarily sleep related. 




 Or maybe it was... A ghost! *gasp* 




 I have experienced it lots of times for years, even several times in the same night. But it still scares me. I panic, but, well, I can't do anything, because you can't move, you can only breathe. So I've learned to just relax and wait until my body reacts. 




 God, that took forever. But, yeah, cool video indeed. I like all I see by Adult Swim. 




 Why did you have three different accounts? Couldn't you just unsuscribe from the subs you didn't like and subscribe to new ones? 




 I think you'll like White Suns. Their last album, Totem, is from 2014.

http://whitesuns.bandcamp.com/ 









 This is one of the best things I've seen in Youtube. 




 And how would you say Reddit was before? I'm quite new here. 




 D-d-do you wanna go out with me on a date? 




 So,it's made of [vantablack](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/blackest-is-the-new-black-scientists-have-developed-a-material-so-dark-that-you-cant-see-it-9602504.html)? 




 That is a very cool old drawer. 




 I checked the Nightvale wiki: http://nightvale.wikia.com/wiki/Fey

Fey was merely a piece of self-aware software trapped in a heavily-defended metal box

And I guess the following can't be considered canon, since it's from the Thrilling Adventure Hour   Welcome to Night Vale Crossover:

Pemily Stallwark (played by Molly Quinn) is erased from existence. Before returning to existence moments later, she finds herself facing an endless stream of numbers and is forced to read them out loud, briefly breaking into "Roar" by Katy Perry at one point. This was a reference to both characters being voiced by Quinn. A "techno-theological debate" from earlier in the episode over whether or not robots (and presumably computers) have souls may hint that Stallwark is Fey's future reincarnation.

 




 Don't subestimate human kind. It's capable of the most strange acts. 




 A computer program? I thought she was a real person, like those people reading numbers and talking in the "number stations". 




 I think you mean Casper. 




 This is an amazing story. I think Im gonna translate it into spanish and post it in one of my blogs, where sometimes I talk about weird and cool things that happen in videogames and virtual worlds.

Thanks for this. 




 Chronenberg-esque! 




 Apruebo esto. 




 "If this thing had happened, then this other thing would have happened."
"What other thing?".
"I don't know".

Anyway, I admit my comments are useless. The world is not gonna change thanks to them. And I know I'm not gonna convince you that you made a thread that makes no sense. 




 Then you made a useless thread. 




 A happening like what? 




 Yeah, thanks to smart phones and access to google translate. 




 Could you invite your friend to come to Reddit and elaborate on this? It's quite interesting. 




 French sounds great but I like even more the sound of portuguese. 




 For a european citizen like me, this is a very interesting aproach to the life of an american teenager in the 00's. 




 I normally don't use them. I know where to get the album in mp3 for free, like Soulseek, torrents or Mega. What's more, if I have the record it's probably because I already listened to it on mp3 and liked so much I decided to buy it. 




 I don't know. When you sneeze you expel saliva, and saliva uses to smell bad, because of lots of bacteria. At least, my saliva smells bad. 




 No. Journalists and professional photographers will continue using real cameras. 




 [Is a video good too?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA4sifQ3ymk) 




 I'm following "Louie" but this 5th season had only 8 episodes and the last one was recently released.

I can recommend you some of my favorite shows: The Wire, The Sopranos, Rick and Morty, South Park, Twin Peaks, Lost, Friends, Adventure Time... 




 You weat matter? 




 Because art. 




 Well, he definitely looks like a frog. 




 So, let me see if I got this right... They were black? 




 This comic is quite old and have been posted here several times before. And I don't care.

Also recomending "Fuan no tane/seeds of anxiety". Most fucking terrifiying manga I've ever read. I read it alone at home at night and really felt uneasy. 




 That's a true ancient 4chan meme. I hadn't seen in for years. 




 Oh, my sweet summer child... 




 He will love to talk with you about ancient memes. 




 I agree. Thank you for the debate. It's been exciting. I even learned a pair of things about my own history. 




 Of course nowadays there are a lot of people against muslims in Spain, not only because of terrorism, but because millions of moroccan people started migrating here, and, you know, people are always afraid of immigrants, specially if they have a different religion and skin colour.

And yeah, while the Al Andalus era there was a real war between christians and muslims, the reconquest, and our hate for muslims comes from that long. 

But I can assure you we don't hide or reject our muslim past. Is taught in the school. I am from Murcia, which was a muslim territory and we still have a strong legacy from them. We have moorish monuments, historical personalities like [Ibn Arabi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ibn_Arabi), streets designed by moorish and archeological remains. We even have a festivity called "Moros y Cristianos" (moors and christians) were people dress like medieval muslims and christians knights and courtiers, they make parades an emulate fights and battles. But I must admit I'm not proud of this festivity. It looks like a cheap cultural parody with those cheap ridiculous disguises.

Being that said, I'm not gonna lie to you: a lot of people now in Spain are racists and islamophobics who think that muslims are terrorists that should go back to Morocco.

But Al Andalus, yeah, that is cool for us. 




 I'll see if the number comes to me in my dreams tonight. If it doesn't, I'll try to elaborate some kind of occultist and symbolic ritual, probably summoning the spirit of Alan Turing and using a random numbers generator or something like that. 




 I'll post this here since I think it can be of general interest.

There is a debate going with the OP questioning if the term "pre-spanish" is appropiate. He affirms spanish era started after Al Andalus (moorish occupation in the south of the Iberian Peninsula for 8 centuries). Some of us affirm Spain was Spain before Al Andalus, being called Hispania even before the year 27 b.C. and that there were Spanish people living in the peninsula, people from different civilizations and origins, like romans and visigoths.

So, I asked a friend of mine. He is not a historian but has a degree in classic languages as latin and greek, so he knows one or two things about Spanish history. Here are some interesting points he gave me:

1. As OP affirms, modern Spain was in a great degree stablished after Al Andalus, after the "reconquest" when the Catholic Kings expeled the muslims from the peninsula. The feudal system, the main regions, the catholic religion were stablished then. So, Spain doesn't equal Hispania.

2. It's not so simple. You can't say Spain started being Spain after Al Andalus. Before Al Andalus there were the visigoths, and before them the hispanoromans living there. So Spain would be an equation consisting in: Hispanoromans + Visigoths + Moors / Reconquest.

3. There are books wrote by experts still debating about when did Spain started being Spain, so it's an open debate.

4. There is the idiomatic question. We didn't started talking arabic after Al Andalus, but kept using the same language we used before they came. Spanish comes from latin, not from arabic. It's a corruption of latin, so to say. So, linguistically, we have a "hispanic" identity, although we adopted a lot of words from arabic, like "almohada", "algibe" (just to put two examples) and the name for a lot of rivers like "Guadalquivir".

5. Indeed, you can't deny the Al Andalus era. Nobody is trying to do that. But you can't say Spain as a concept or territory didn't exist before them. It's more complex than that. 




