 http://archive.wired.com/wired/archive/9.12/aqtest.html 




 I never even considered the financial aid aspect. Thanks. 




 lol took me a minute to get that. 




 Good because I'm a liar and I find that when people ask you that they typically don't want you to tell them about your problems. They just want to seem like they care. 




 I was feeling a bit upset and depressed about everything in my life so I decided to see if there was a sub for this and turns out there is.

My whole life I have been a bit weird and antisocial. I never understood when people were joking or when they were being serious, as you can imagine this lead to MANY problems in middle school. I'm pretty sure I have aspergers but it's just so new that I don't really think there are any advantages to getting diagnosed. Plus I'm 16 and I feel like it's too late to do anything. I did see a therapist for a couple months for anxiety (late 2014/early 2015) but ultimately it did nothing for me and I dreaded going so I stopped. Relationships are out of the question because I can never tell if a girl is interested in me or not and I'm way to awkward to come out and ask her. There have been a few girls I got close to but there have also been way more girls that "got away" than I care to share. There is a girl I'm talking to right now that I used to talk to last year. I couldn't even tell you what she wants from us (relationship/friendship). Plus I can't hold conversations over skype/text. In real life it's better because I have ADD and so I notice a lot of things that we can talk about. I'm just worried that I will never find a girl that can deal with me.

I'm an incredibly smart guy but I've done absolutely nothing with my life. I feel like if I keep going on this antisocial track I will just end up living at home in my 30s working at a local electronics store. I just don't feel like I'm living anywhere near my potential. I feel like at the end of the day, it's not who you are, it's what you've done that matters. 

I just don't know what to do with myself anymore. I have a history of depression (minus the thoughts of self harm). Lately I feel it coming back. I just want to drift off somewhere that I can feel safe , loved, happy, accomplished. I have these moments that I just feel so emotionally deprived. I of course avoid them by watching netflix/gaming. Should I even try to avoid them.

And of course my parents are no help. They have been completely unapproachable my whole life. I hate my dad and I couldn't even tell you why. Everyone time I am around him I get so tense and anxious. My mom annoys me to no end. Most kids have parents that teach them about life and help them when they need it. I never had that.

Thanks for those of you that got this far, feel free to comment. 




