 It could be a failure of their label printing procedure, and in reality they just didn't have a value for the CBD test (i.e. their software may be converting a null value to 0.0%).  Seems more likely than not as that figure with that precision being true is improbable without some GMO cannabis with the enzyme knocked out.  




 OP explicitly framed this as a hypothetical question not related to actual differences in cruelty within any particular existing supply chain. 




  It's one thing to breed a creature to be good food and then use it as food. It's entirely another to breed it to be a companion and then use it as food.

So in your view, what makes it wrong to kill dogs as food?  Because that's not the best way to use them?  I'm having a hard time seeing how the way human beings have bred the animal makes it better or worse to kill it and eat it. 




 So if Republicans do what they say they do, I am happy as my wallet is untouched (or less touched) and I carry on with my life

I don't think you have an accurate view of what Republicans say they want to do.  Like, I get they sometimes say they want smaller government and less taxes, but they also say they want:

* Increased military budget
* Increased domestic spying + budget
* Increased / maintained subsidies for agriculture and fossil fuel (varies slightly by state)
* Increased federal grants for militarizing local police forces to combat TERROERRISISMMMS

Etc.  These are all common public positions for Republicans these days.  It doesn't make sense to value their abstract statements of position (e.g. "I'm for small government") over the concrete one's (e.g. "Increase the defense budget!"); where they conflict, the concrete position is all that matters, as it is the only one that is reasonably predictive of behavior. 




 Well, that seems quite unreasonable.  Lets see some numbers to support your belief that live shows are what small-time artists live off of. 




 Take a look around bandcamp, for example.  There are a ton of small-time artists on there selling a lot of units and keeping most of the proceeds.  Their artists made ~$3 million last month from fans buying music and merchandise.  Artists keep 85% of the revenue when you buy music from them on bandcamp.  Lot of small-time artists sell a lot of digital albums there; when you're living on working-class level income, even just a few hundred dollars a month is a big deal (i.e. a few dozen albums sold).

Local and regional artists can sell a ton of digital tracks, but they can't play unlimited shows, and most of what they play doesn't pay very well.  When your gigs are in local businesses (e.g. bars, cafes, artist's collectives) and you play to audiences of a couple dozen, you make a few hundred bucks, split it up among the band, and hope to do this a few nights each week. 




 Go to a high end electronics store to try headphones out, then buy online.  If you're buying high-end phones ($200+) and you want to save money, buy a factory refurbished model on ebay for as much as half-price.

This is what I do, and have been doing for years, for my home studio monitoring and mixing phones.  Let's me buy much better headphones for my budget. 




 Yeah, /r/internetparents could be a good place to get advice.  Or just /r/askreddit or the superior /r/trueaskreddit . 




 Are there other, related situations that also scare you?  What was it about the grocery store that made you uncomfortable?

A lot of people will advise a young person who's apprehensive about getting work to go and do it anyway, as it's an important step in growing up, etc.  I pretty much agree, but I also think it's worthwhile for you to consider *why* this is so unsettling for you before going forward.  It sounds like you have much more apprehension than most people would in your situation, and I think you should go into the situation prepared with some awareness of why you're having this anxiety and what you can do to manage it. 




 I don't understand.  Your father won't let you go to college, or your father doesn't want to pay for it? 




 Perhaps a social movement toward communal, parallel support systems could come from the middle class but extend participation and membership to the working class once underway, if those involved were aware of the problems you mention.

For example:  educated middle-class anarchists could start an agrarian commune that then actively recruits wage slaves to join them and expand together. 




 If you go to the doctor with a complaint about magnesium deficiency (and they aren't able to convince you you don't have it), they can have it tested along with your usual stuff (same sample, nothing special).

if you have normal serum magnesium the odds are still pretty high you have insufficient quantities.

I wonder if you have any evidence to support this claim that isn't from someone trying to sell us magnesium...sounds like a proposition that won't allow itself to be refuted: "You probably have magnesium deficiency, but tests only show *severe* deficiency so your doctor won't be able to find it." 




 I think you're an outlier there; most people I've known who drink are pretty reasonable about it and have few negative side effects.  I have known plenty of people, myself included, who have no desire to drink more than one or two drinks over the course of any particular evening. 




 /r/stopdrinking isn't appropriate, because OP wants to get advice about how to figure out whether their boyfriend has a drinking problem, not only advice about how to intervene.  If OP goes to /r/stopdrinking they'll probably assume it's a drinking problem and go straight to the advice about how to intervene. 




 /r/askdrugs 




 I doubt you'll be able to find any source of magnesium glycinate or a similar supplement where the bulk material didn't originate in China.  If you do, please post here. 




 Sounds like you could use a new thread - that's a whole topic of its own.  I'd be happy to discuss it if you make a debate thread here. 




 I asked because you seemed to think it was strange for the initial shooter to have missed the crowd, which suggested to me that you were unaware of how difficult it is to actually hit anything intentionally with a firearm.

Is precisely why vigilante Uber drivers playing ametuer SWAT are bad policy.

I don't believe this is anybody's policy.  Like many people on this sub, I see gun control as a complex political issue.  A government monopoly on use of firearms in public is not necessarily a good thing, even if there are downsides to some or all of the alternatives. 




 Not that I saw, no.  I based what I said on the fact that their target was near a crowd of people, and they fired several shots into him.  Seems likely the second shooter was trained as they apparently didn't miss. 




 How about a sticky linking to a more appropriate sub in *not all caps* instead?

/r/tripsit 




 Do you have any first-hand experience with firearms?  It's common for an untrained or distracted individual to miss all kinds of large targets, even at relatively close range.

It does seem like the second shooter was very lucky not to hit anybody else, though. 




 There's no way you get this to work with a ping around 200ms, as others have said...way too high for this kind of gameplay.

But could this be done using a local network?  If you got the ping down around 20ms I think it should feel tight enough for something resembling SSB gameplay. 




 There is no evidence that the classical psychedelic drugs have any neurotoxic effects relevant to normal human use.  Most of them have been in use by humans for thousands of years, and all have been used heavily for the last ~60 years and have been studied scientifically to assess safety.  If there was a substantial risk of neurotoxicity in the usual dosage range and use pattern, we would know by now.

There is some evidence for mild cardiac risk, and individuals with heart disease / at risk for heart disease should exercise caution (as they must for any activity that strains the heart).

MDMA is a completely different substance and situation; it is an amphetamine with known potential for neurotoxicity, not unlike that in other amphetamines.  Existing data suggests that MDMA is sometimes neurotoxic at doses used recreationally, but much more research is needed to produce reliable, specific dosage and setting recommendations.  Recent studies have begun to establish safety for low-moderate doses in a controlled environment - you can read up on MAPS and their PTSD studies to learn more about this.

You say:

I really just want to live a healthy life with some experiences to the daily life. I want to keep both my brain and body in good shape, and have looked in to nootropics a bit, but perhaps should I keep the shrooms a bit more distant to my daily life if that's my goal.

In my opinion, you should just stick to the classical psychedelics.  Play it safe, at least until the data is in about MDMA - it shouldn't take too many more years to get a good, clear recommendation derived from good science.  The classical psychedelics will not break your brain, and in the low-moderate doses you're taking, negative experiences aren't a big deal anyway.

Perhaps in time you'll feel more comfortable and curious enough to venture into a full dose entheogenic experience; many people who've done this consider these the most profound and rewarding experiences they've had in their lives.  But you don't have to, and there is no hurry even if you are interested in it.  Good thing to read up on, and there is a wealth of good writing on the subject. 




 That is not relevant to mrdevlar's question, which was about finding evidence for MDMA's effects in isolation from other potentially harmful substances and behaviors. 




 I can't comment on the legal risk, which I assume would be highly dependant on what you said to the hospital staff, and on what region you live in.

But I will say that I think you and your partner should reconsider your assessment of whether MDMA is safe for her to take.  It sounds like she is prone to an unknown, potentially dangerous reaction to the drug.  I would not give MDMA to anybody who showed such a response unless I had a very strong reason for believing it was safe. 




 [9-THC-caused synaptic and memory impairments are mediated through COX-2 signaling](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24267894)

[Preventing marijuana-induced memory problems with OTC painkillers](http://www.elsevier.com/connect/preventing-marijuana-induced-memory-problems-with-OTC-painkillers)

The first link is to the best, most recent scientific evidence I'm aware of that supports this idea; the second link is a write-up explaining that evidence for laypeople. 




 It's already been tested by scientists; THC induced memory problems in mice are blocked by COX2 inhibition.  You can't learn anything new about this with an n=1 self-experiment, but you can reasonably expect pretreatment with COX2 inhibitors to reduce the severity of THC induced memory problems.

Don't exceed the recommendation on the bottle for any OTC pain med; you can fuck your organs more easily than most people expect.  For chronic use, you're probably better off using curcumin, which has a better safety profile than available OTC NSAIDS. 




 I think this experience is largely due to interaction with all the other drugs you're on.  In particular, the cannabis, benzo, antipsychotic (lamotragine), sedative/muscle relaxant (flexeril / cyclobenzaprine), and perhaps ashwaganda are all drugs that are reasonably likely to produce fatigue when taken regularly.

What you describe is not a typical experience of caffeine dependence, but does sound a lot like a person struggling with excessive sedation.  You're taking five different classes of drugs that are all known to cause fatigue.  Trying to reduce your caffeine consumption can only make things worse for you right now; sounds like it's your way of clinging to some semblance of normal waking consciousness.  Your lifestyle, nutrition, and general health are apparently all in order.  **The only reasonable course of action is to reduce / eliminate your intake of sedatives, cannabis, muscle relaxants, and antipsychotics.**

If your doctor won't help you do this, find another doctor who isn't a pawn for the pharm industry. 




 MDMA and amphetamines will be clear in 5 days.  But there are some substances that MDMA is sometimes cut with that could stick around longer and show up in a standard 5 panel.  You should invest in a testing kit and test your material each time you resupply.

[They can be quite affordable if you only need to test MDMA](https://dancesafe.org/product/mecke-reagent-testing-kit/)
 




 You *may* have had a reaction to the glycine.  It definitely wasn't the magnesium - you can get that much magnesium by eating a proper meal.  The sensations in your chest and stomach sound like GI complaints (it's certainly not your heart etc).  Perhaps your GI doesn't like glycine, or perhaps you just need to take it with food.

Regarding magnesium: **you don't know whether you're deficient**.  If you can afford it, you could just go see a doctor and get basic bloodwork done to find out.  You could also try taking the supplement more, but with food, or you could try a different magnesium supplement.  Tons of people have taken magnesium glycinate, and reports of intense side effects are rare - it's well tolerated.  But there are plenty of other forms you can try if you're so inclined.

Just don't go overboard.  You should probably pair it with calcium, but don't go overboard on that either - a 1:1 ratio by weight is fine (all that golden ratio stuff is irrelevant to amino acid chelates, and has to do with the absorption mechanism for dissociated ions).  Try taking ~500mg each and see how it goes.  It's low enough you won't hurt yourself, and high enough that it'll actually do something if you are deficient. 




 Sounds like woo-woo, yeah.  There are no miracles in medicine that you can prescribe yourself.  It's like the fad diet genre: no, you won't lose weight because you read my book.

 




 The more things you add in, the less predictable your result will be (unless you have good evidence for that exact combination).  If it were me, I would stick with caffeine + theanine and/or amphetamine/methylphenidate, daily exercise, and perhaps a mild, non-GABAergic downer for sleep.

Some will argue that you would benefit from adding a racetam to your stack, and perhaps they're right.

What you need to avoid most are overstimulation and burnout, and excessive use of anxiolytics/sedatives.  Ideally, you should keep your stimulant use low enough that you're able to relax and come down without any help.  Stress fucks memory, as so do most drugs that alleviate it. 




 I believe that any attempt to answer this is wrong-headed unless it considers how differently human morality would have evolved had we evolved as carnivores.  The human experience of morality is the result of natural selection, just as surely as our experience of visual perception is.

If we had evolved as a successful carnivorous species, we would also have evolved a sense of morality compatible with carnivorous behavior. 




 Uh...

Well, I imagine you'd start to feel pretty isolated after awhile.  And, of course, all the bad things that come with smoking a fuckton of weed daily (shit memory, mild-moderate respiratory complaints), and sitting around for hours watching as screen (out of shape / bad posture).

If you're a teenager, you can add the potential for persistent cognitive problems that comes with chronic adolescent cannabis use.

So...yeah, sounds like a bad idea.  Once in a while is quite different, of course.

(bring on the downvotes i said something that wasn't A+ supergood about weed use) 




  I prefer to take a slightly more "rigorous" approach, and say "well, yes, the fact that this person is themselves a member of this particular demographic gives some weight to what they're saying, but we should still consider whether their narrative is representative, whether their logic withstands scrutiny, and so on." (Which means having a grasp of statistics, an ability to think critically, etc.)

The person delivering an idea is only relevant in two cases that I can identify:  either they are reporting a personal experience, or the listener lacks the time or resources to fully grasp the idea, and must base their assessment on a heuristic analysis of the speaker's characteristics and claims instead.

In the case of personal experience, the speaker's characteristics are obviously very important, because the goal of listening is not to assess the validity of some empirical claim, but is to understand this person's experience.

In the second case, the listener is incapable of fully grasping what is said, and must make a judgement based on surface appearances - whether the speaker seems credible, is trustworthy, etc.  In this case, there can be no expectation of gaining knowledge, but if you have to act immediately it may be worth deciding whether to trust the speaker based on their personal characteristics.

But in any case where the goal is to gain knowledge, and that goal is attainable, the personal characteristics of the speaker are entirely irrelevant to the assessment of whether their message is true.  Your slightly more rigorous approach will sometimes produce false beliefs, because it bases belief formation on the qualities perceived in the speaker, and not in a rational analysis of the arguments presented.  It is, therefore, entirely inappropriate if the goal of listening is to consistently produce knowledge.

So why not throw out speaker characteristics entirely, if you have the time to listen carefully?  The only way to consistently determine whether a speaker's ideas are true is to actually consider the ideas themselves in reference to prior knowledge; anything else is a heuristic, which will have a non-zero error rate in all cases.
 




 Thank you for this thoughtful analysis.  Perhaps you can convince your stubborn friend to give it up and use /v/rationalfiction. 




 No - you're being seduced by very faulty thinking.  Zinc gluconate is a perfectly good zinc supplement, supported as a treatment for zinc deficiency by a fairly large body of scientific evidence.  It is not the best zinc supplement ever, but it is quite well absorbed (about 60%) and is perfectly good to use.

Who is more likely to be correct about this: the scientific community whose job it is to study nutrient absorption, or one user on Reddit? 




  To me this suggests that the zinc was not absorbed, since it's not showing up in any of the tests in significant amounts relative to controls. 

These were healthy individuals, not folks with zinc deficiency.  It is not necessarily a bad thing that their long-term levels did not change, and these results might have been very different in a zinc-deficient population.

Though a 10-person sample size is a bit small for my taste, this again indicates to me that Zinc levels remained constant with control levels, rising only after administration of Zn glycinate. 

It's not a matter of taste - it's a matter of mathematics.  This study was, by design, unable to detect anything but relative differences in absorption, and that is why the authors did not offer anything but a comparison between the two groups.  It does not offer any evidence whatsoever for a lack of absorption for gluconate - it only shows that glycinate was better absorbed.  This is counterintuitive for folks who have not studied statistics (and even some who have), but it is true.

This one confused me a bit, as it seemed to suggest that picolinate was absorbed to a lower degree than gluconate, but OP recommended Picolinate over gluconate while using this paper as a source. 

Your understanding of the article is correct - in this study, picolinate was poorly absorbed relative to gluconate, which contradicts some of the claims made in this thread.  It does offer further evidence that glycinate is superior to gluconate, and that gluconate is superior to picolinate. 




 The inconsistency is from you drawing your *own* conclusions, and ignoring the *authors'* conclusions.

 Conclusion: picolinate increased erythrocyte, gluconate did not.

No problem here, but it isn't relevant to the question at hand (whether zinc gluconate is an effective zinc supplement for normal use).

Conclusion: glycinate increased plasma, gluconate did not.

Wrong - the authors concluded that glycinate *was better absorbed*, and specifically declined to offer anything but conclusions about the *relative* differences between the two forms (because their design could only have found relative differences, not absolute).

...

The only argument you have that makes any sense is the difference in erythrocyte uptake of different forms of zinc.  But I don't see any evidence presented that this matters at all - why do you assume that erythrocyte uptake is relevant?  Perhaps that serum increase is all that's needed.

You might claim that the first study's results prove the importance of erythrocyte uptake.  But you don't know what those results truly imply; perhaps the increased longterm uptake in picolinate is excessive, and the subjects all had healthy zinc levels at the start of the study.

So unless you have some solid evidence that erythrocyte uptake is so important that it overturns [existing scientific consensus (that gluconate is good enough)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24259556), I don't see any reason to believe you.



 




 Hmm...can you quote the part that you think suggests this?  I'm not sure your interpretation is correct. 




 If you're really curious, I strongly encourage you to read the links we each submitted.  My reply in contradiction is based on having actually skimmed the sources involved, which in truth suggest that zinc gluconate is pretty well absorbed.  Being able to quickly skim scientific abstracts for the relevant findings is a very useful skill, and one which can only come with practice. 




 [Here's a study that found quite good absorption of zinc gluconate and citrate in humans, same sample size, healthy population](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24259556)

[Here's one that found better bioavailibility for zinc gluconate than picolinate - it's the last study that you cited](http://www.fasebj.org/cgi/content/meeting_abstract/22/1_MeetingAbstracts/693.3)

In fact, the studies you cite don't support your conclusion.  They even contradict each other; in the third study, bioavailibility was greater for gluconate than it was for picolinate.  The first study didn't assess acute bioavailibility, but instead looked at changes in concentration in different body parts over a long period of time.

None of your studies' authors concluded that gluconate was poorly absorbed, either.  The closest any of them get is to suggest that glycinate is better absorbed than gluconate.

The studies whose design could actually determine whether gluconate is garbage found evidence to the contrary, while some comparative studies found that glycinate is superior to gluconate (which doesn't mean gluconate sucks - just that glycinate was better). 




 Secondly, I would like to know if where it says "Zinc 50 mg" is shorthand for the amount of Zinc Gluconate in the pill (I've read that 10mg ZG = about 1.5mg of Elemental Zinc), or if it's indicative of the amount of elemental zinc in the pill. I've searched the internet endlessly, but all I've been able to find are dead ends in this regard.

It's 50mg of elemental zinc, at least in the United States (labeling regulations may be different elsewhere, but here, mineral supplements list the elemental).

edit:  unless the price is about the same, there isn't much point in seeking out a superior zinc supplement.  Gluconate is good enough.  It won't all be absorbed, and that is ok - 50mg would be too much zinc if absorption were perfect.  People make too big a deal out of absorption for trace minerals; it only gets important with minerals you take hundreds of milligrams of (e.g. Ca / Mg), which will cause GI problems if not well absorbed. 









 Isn't this old news?  I'm not seeing any reference to something *new* that Rand Paul has announced... 









 [My first thought](http://i.imgur.com/yQmXC8q.png) 




 Haha.. in my experience, microwaving firecrackers works great as long as you grind fine enough and get good contact with the peanut butter.  Microwaving herb by itself sounds like a good way to lose your herb. 




 You'll probably get better results if you heat them.  Just a minute-ish in the microwave would do it (or you could do the equivalent on your stove in a non-stick pan, I suppose). 




 This article hardly seems worth the read, much less worth posting here.  It's an amusing fact, I guess...but the article itself adds just about nothing to it.  It's barely longer than the comment thread that's already built up here. 




 Hmm.

Your mom being a nurse doesn't make her word into scientific evidence, and that paper is not a scientific study - it's a letter written by a company that produces and sells ibuprofen.  It cites scientific evidence, but its conclusions are pure marketing.  Some are true and some are false.

This isn't about being for or against ibuprofen, to me; it's about knowing how to make an informed decision about how and whether to use ibuprofen.

I believe that ibuprofen is a useful short-term anti-inflammatory, and I also believe that its chronic use carries a substantial risk.  I believe these things because this is what the best evidence I've been able to find suggests.  I am a firm supporter of ibuprofen when I have a fever, and a strong critic when a friend asks me if she should take it every day for the rest of her life. 




 Well...the evidence is much stronger for curcumin, actually.  It's been found effective in multiple well-designed trials for various forms of pain and inflammation, with the best evidence in joint disorders (e.g. arthritis).

http://examine.com/supplements/Curcumin

High dose fish oil has been examined for effects on muscle soreness, but for the most part hasn't done anything.

http://examine.com/supplements/Fish+Oil/


 




 It's important to retain the same level of specificity as the evidence you are citing in this case.  You can't reasonably assume that a study lasting 2 weeks is applicable to continuous use for more than 2 weeks, for example - there is no clinical evidence in that entire document that supports the assertion that ibuprofen does not have deleterious effects on GI health when taken for long periods of time at OTC levels.

There is *some* epidemiological evidence for long-term GI safety presented, but most of it is not relevant to sustained use; either the study did not last long enough, or subjects using a decent dose chronically were rare.

They did present plenty of great evidence that you can take just about as much ibuprofen as you like *for 10 days*, or take a little bit occasionally forever, but I didn't see any clinical evidence, nor any strong epidemiological evidence, to support the notion that long-term high end OTC doses are safe.

Incidentally, that transcript reads like a gish-gallop attempting to establish that ibuprofen is safe for everybody any time forever cause its so great.  I wonder why...**ohhh**, it's because **it is**.  The document is an argument by Wyeth, the pharmaceutical company producing ibuprofen, which they presented to the FDA to argue their case for ibuprofen being the best thing ever.  That doesn't mean they're wrong, but it does, I think, establish that the conclusions of the paper should not be trusted naively - the *evidence* is what matters.  The evidence for long-term GI safety was not present. 




 I don't think there are any hard rules about this that apply across individuals and situations.

Judging for the large body of anecdotal evidence available online in the form of experience reports, it seems that when you get into the extremely high dose range (e.g. ~5000g+, or about half of a quality sheet), the incidence of reported persistent side effects increases dramatically.  Seems reasonable enough that it would, considering how ridiculously high these doses are relative to a typical mind-blowing dose of ~500g (and typical use doses of ~100 to 200g).  

So I personally would not take more than about a 10-strip of good LSD, because I am not interested in having persistent side effects (e.g. HPPD).

As for frequency...people seem to vary dramatically in the degree to which they can tolerate frequent psychedelic experiences.  And individuals vary over time, as well; a person who is stressed or depressed probably couldn't tolerate tripping once a week, while that same person at another period of their life might gladly trip 3x a week for weeks on end.

But nothing is certain.  You need to decide for yourself what you will do.  Does it seem like you're getting out of touch with reality?  Maybe you shouldn't trip so often.  Did the visuals from your last trip linger for days?  Maybe don't take three 10-strips next time. 




   The problem is that the moral relativist would have to give equal weight to my claim that all moral claims are absolute. In other words, the moral relativist would have to believe, simultaneously, that all moral claims are relative and that I have every right to believe that all moral claims are absolute. There's a contradiction built-in. It like saying, "All moral claims are relative except the claim that all moral claims are relative, which is absolute."

A moral relativist can defend against this by showing that claims about moral relativism or absolutism are not moral claims, but are instead are claims *about moral claims*.

For example,

In one culture, it is wrong for a man to go outside without wearing a headscarf that obscures his rugged facial features and other such masculine titillations.  In another culture, it is acceptable for a man to go in public with his head uncovered.

I believe that each claim is true in its cultural context, because I believe morality is relative to culture; I see no contradiction.

A friend of mine from the first culture believes that the wrongness of male facial exhibitionism is absolute - that it is wrong for everyone, everywhere.  We disagree.

But I agree with her about everything that is right or wrong *for her*, and right or wrong *in her culture*, because morality is relative to culture as far as I am concerned.  I disagree only about her claims about *morality in other cultures*.

Those are not moral judgements - they are essentially empirical claims about the internal states that other people experience or would experience in a hypothetical situation.

Etc. 




 herro 




 Scarcity to me means the physical reality of material, not the freedom of access to it.

Freedom of access to a good presupposes that the good exists, at least the way I've used it.  What could it mean to have universal access to food if there isn't enough food to go around?  It's a contradiction in terms at best.  

So when I say that post-scarcity requires only that goods are universally accessible, I mean that goods **exist** and are universally accessible.  Seems simple enough to me.

The universe has only so much matter. Human wants are infinite, physical reality is limited.

You're slipping types when you go from a finite universe to infinite wants; these are not compatible uses of the concept of infinitude.  Human wants are not infinite in this sense - they are constrained, just like every other aspect of human existence.

In the sense that is relevant, human wants are finite: for example, any particular human population has some maximum quantity of beer that it will demand, no matter how cheap beer gets.  At some point, nobody will want more beer.

Theoretically, humans will demand infinite beer at an infinitely low price (remember econ101 from high school).  But in reality, this never happens.  It doesn't even happen in actual scarcity-based economies.  You can't *actually* substitute beer for all other goods, no matter how cheap it is.

Just that are are limits to how much we can consume, because there is only so much stuff! An example of this is, the idea that if everyone lived at the American standard of living would require 2.5 Earths or something.

I agree that there are limits - I thought I made that clear.  But I disagree that the limits have any relevance to a post-scarcity economy.  They only come into play if the society is so large or so inefficient that universal access to goods cannot be ensured.  At present, our society is large and profoundly inefficient, and so we live in scarcity.

Your argument seems equivalent to claiming that it is impossible to play basketball indoors, because there is a ceiling and the ball will bounce off it and mess up the game.  Well, that would be true if the ceiling were too low.  But if the ceiling is high enough, there is no problem.  I don't have to prove that there isn't a ceiling to disprove your argument; I just have to show that it's high enough not to interfere.

I don't know at what level it would be true, but I believe it's obvious that post-scarcity human society is possible *at some level of scale and technological complexity*.  Imagine an Earth-based society with 50,000 people.  They're the only human beings on the planet, they're all educated at the post-graduate level, and they have access to all the technologies of today and the expertise required to use them.  How could they *not* produce more of everything than they want? 




  Irreverent. Post-scarcity is impossible. There will always be a limit, the Earth has a carrying capacity. Utopia is not possible.

Your conclusion does not follow.  Post-scarcity does not require an infinite planet - it only requires that there be enough surplus that goods are universally accessible.

At many population levels, the theoretical limit of production would never be reached - that limit is only relevant if all goods cannot be made universally available without surpassing it.

For example: carrying capacity is irrelevant if the total human population is only ~1,000,000.  In fact, it's difficult to imagine how a global technological agrarian society of that size could possibly fail to establish post-scarcity. 




 Awww 3

I just took a look, and yes - /r/debatefascism does have a friendly and open atmosphere on the face of it.  It seems to me that there are a lot of very frustrated people in /r/anarchism and /r/debateanarchism, who have too little tolerance for ideas they disagree with to engage in fruitful debate.

Perhaps this sub could benefit from stricter enforcement of the basic rules in the sidebar (essentially, posts that attack individuals without contributing to debate about *ideas* should be deleted).  I agree that any censorship based on views - even based on perceived naivete as to the nature of anarchism - is a very, very bad idea in a debate or political sub. 




 Is this meant to be ironic?  You're confirming zxz242's point rather well. 




 The fact that a person gets criticized for their shitty views doesn't mean that the people criticizing them are not anarchists.

Of course.  If criticism were all that happened, there would be no problem.  

But how do you reply to this:

Why do people identifying as "anarchist" on reddit feel that authority figures are needed to moderate human interactions (e.g. requests for moderators to censor and ban people with different views and opinions)?

Censorship and exclusion from social interaction are not just criticism - they are, if executed by a centralized authority, forms of oppression.  Do you disagree?  Do you believe such institutions are compatible with anarchism?  Why? 




 Yes - you could do this with spices themselves, but you'd have to take dozens (or more) of these caps to get a dose comparable to the therapeutic doses used in studies about the anti-inflammatory effects of these spices.

Studies of curcumin (the active constituent of turmeric) generally use doses of 500 to 1000mg curcumin - equivalent to 25 to 50 *grams* of turmeric.  An 00 capsule should fit about half a gram...

It'd take a lot of capsules. 




 That isn't true.  You can buy dextromethorphan only preparations at drug stores in many regions.  If it's not available in your region, buy it online.

[Dextromethorphan only cough gels on ebay, reasonably priced](http://www.ebay.com/itm/Dextromethorphan-Generic-for-Robitussin-Coughgels-Cough-Relief-20-ea-Pack-of-4-/171813862991?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0 hash=item2800e77e4f)

(I have no affiliation with the linked seller above, and the link is for legal otc cough medication) 




 You came and asked for advice about whether it's safe to take in this amount; the overwhelming response is **fuck no**.  Now you're arguing with everyone in the thread who has offered you sound advice.

Why even ask, if you're unwilling to accept that it could be unsafe? 




 Do you have a citation for that?  It'd be good to know if this is true. 




 It's likely that most or all of your brain fog is from your cannabis use; you probably can't improve on it much without addressing the cause (either by blocking the inflammation that THC produces in your hippocampus, or by reducing THC exposure).

One approach could be to use a high CBD low THC strain of cannabis, which should be readily available to you if you live in a state with medical cannabis.  CBD inhibits many of the harmful effects of THC (but not all its effects), and has potent anxiolytic effects of its own. 




 Every writer has their bias - and of course Glenn Greenwald's article has bias.  But it's an insightful editorial, and well worth reading if you've seen the NYT article. 




 Since you're a daily cannabis user, your best bet is to reduce or cease use of THC.

After that, introducing anti-inflammatory substances that inhibit COX2 or its expression could help, as [COX2 mediated inflammation is how THC fucks your memory](http://www.cell.com/abstract/S0092-8674%2813%2901360-3).  You could use ibuprofen if you want an ulcer, or else use a safer natural antiinflammatory like curcumin etc.

Finally, and especially since you seem to link anxiety with brain fog, you may get great benefit from some kind of mind-training (e.g. mindfulness practice).  Even just a consistent 10 minutes a day can make a big difference in your level of stress and distractability, once you've got into the habit and gained some proficiency.  You could do yoga, qi gong, walking meditation, or another awareness-based physical exercise if you're not interested in sitting down. 




 Firstly, this is blatant logical idiocy.

Point out the flaw in reasoning.  Otherwise your statement is equivalent to saying "I think you're wrong."  Who cares? 









 I disagree with this assumption that growth should be maximized.  Too much migration from Reddit could be harmful to the Voat community. 




 that was awful 




  In both cases, the members who broke with their caucuses did so in concert with their comparative level of contributions they received from pro-fast track companies.

It contradicts this statement, which is specifically about individuals and not averages. 




 I would expect it to keep indefinitely if sealed and frozen.  At least long enough for you and I to die of old age. 




 Haha...liberal reddit and its republican bogeymen.  It was probably true for the Democrats as well, but I was only curious to see my rep's vote (my representative is a Republican and his vote falsified the claim I quoted above). 




 I don't know.  It seems reasonable to believe that the lower temperature would inhibit growth of molds and bacteria that seem to thrive in cactus tea at refrigerator temperatures even without freezing (which halts all biological activity).  Would this be enough to preserve it?  I don't know.  It might, and it certainly wouldn't hurt.

If the alcohol percentage is high and the solution doesn't separate out into layers, though, it should preserve even at room temperature if sealed.  For example, hard liquors with an alcohol content around 40% keep indefinitely at room temp. 




 Freeze it immediately - cactus tea is highly perishable, and won't last more than a week or so in the best refrigerator conditions.

It *might* make the brew less palatable once thawed than it would be fresh, but the alternative is far worse - it will mold and sour and turn all kinds of disgusting if not frozen.  The mescaline will be unchanged.

Remember: aqueous solutions expand when frozen.  Choose your container wisely. 




 Just remember - more is not necessarily better.  You don't want to overdo it with Vitamin D in particular - just take the recommended amount.  For Thiamine, folate, etc - those are just b-vitamins, and you can (and should) get them by taking any common b-vitamin supplement or multivitamin unless a physician tells you otherwise. 




 Most of the yes votes were provided by Republicans, and the majority of the no votes were from Democrats. In both cases, the members who broke with their caucuses did so in concert with their comparative level of contributions they received from pro-fast track companies.

**Look at the actual data - this claim appears to be false.**  Many "No" votes came from individuals with majority pro-fast track funding according to the actual dataset linked.  E.g. Justin Amash, who voted no but had *only* pro-fast track funding according to their data.

It appears that the article used averages across *all* Republicans voting against the party line and used that to make the very specific conclusion above, which is false in several cases.  Not all representatives voted with their funding. 




 I guess we disagree about what insulting is.  :/

If you need a state to protect private property, you in turn need a state to protect common property to "protect" the ownership claim in either instance since both require protection from other peoples who will not recognize the claim to the land.

I don't think your conclusion follows.

Anyway, you're not answering my question.  It seems clear enough to me that private property and common property differ substantially, and that a state is necessary to maintain private property if substantial differences in wealth exist.  But a state may not be necessary to maintain common property, because it is common to large numbers of people who have a vested interest in defending their common ownership of it (which most particular instances of private property lack without state intervention).

Do you get what I mean?

So I'd be very interested in reading about a way that private property *can* be maintained without a state, because it seems implausible to me unless it is only on the scale of personal property (e.g. basic means of comfort and survival for individuals, not means of production).  You seem to believe that this possible, so I hope you'll share *why*. 




 There are a plethora of ideas about the particulars of how a moneyless society might work.  I believe you gave a fair example.

Noam Chomsky, when asked about particulars like this, has often elected to speak about the importance of experimentation and the utter impossibility of anybody predicting the details of such a complex social phenomenon.  That has always made sense to me.  It's important to envision various possible future societies, of course.  But how could you expect to know beforehand?  Human beings are complicated, and much of this is relatively uncharted territory when taken at scale. 




 Could you offer a genuine refutation or alternative view, instead of just insulting /u/dirtysquatter and expressing strong disagreement?  I don't find anything you said remotely convincing, but am curious to hear a decent counterargument from someone more informed than I am.

How could private property rights and capitalism be maintained without a state? 




 /u/FrY10cK was probably just looking for a good one-liner, and lacks a basic understanding of how scientific knowledge about drugs is actually made.  Animal research is a necessary tool throughout the entire process of drug development. 




 Sounds promising; I hope that development can get funded.  A novel ibogaine inspired compound with a stronger safety profile could go a very long way toward mainstreaming psychedelic therapy for addiction! 




 Look around California some time.  If I didn't know better, I'd expect that the state is tattooing that sign on every baby born in a California birthing center nowadays.

There is lead everywhere: in your body, in the dirt your veggies are grown in, in the veggies, in every supplement you buy, in the air you breath (from car exhaust).

The California legislature is full of idiots and big business cronies.  The warning doesn't mean anything, and isn't evidence based (i.e. it doesn't go on the actual high risk items, but on those that win points for politicians.  They calculate based on serving sizes to skew results across industries).

I buy supplements from companies that will give you a certificate of analysis on request; I check how much lead, mercury, etc is in the supplements I use in large quantity.  I do this because all supplements are from China, and occasionally a cheap supplement will actually have enough lead or something that I don't want it.

But if I don't use a ton of it (e.g. multiple tbsp's a day), I don't bother, because the dose would be small enough that it's comparable to the organic produce I buy at the store anyway.

...

That starts to look like a rant, but I hope it helps.  TL;DR - don't worry about it unless the dose is really high, in which case you may want to look into the *actual* heavy metal levels in your supplement when you stock up next time.  But I wouldn't worry about it this time around; the amount of lead you could ingest from taking those capsules at the recommended dose is miniscule.

[Here's a web site that actually gives some of the ppb (micrograms / gram) limits that lead to prop 65 labeling.  It doesn't take much lead to get a product labeled.](http://labs.naturalnews.com/What-Do-These-Numbers-Mean.html) 




 This appears to be an advert from an astaxanthin manufacturers' group.  The view it presents is extremely unbalanced and does not address safety, which is an extremely important concern with novel supplemental carotenoids. 




 I second this.    Very, very easy to use if you're remotely familiar with C family syntax (e.g. C++, C#, Java, PHP, etc).  If you're not, you can get the basics of C# or JS rolling with a couple weeks of short daily study and prototype your game from there.

Watch and build through their basic tutorials.  Then forget the physics engine, and use the built in pathfinding ("Navigation") to manipulate any moving agents in your world.  You can get point and click unit selection and movement (like in an RTS) going in about 10 minutes if you've watched the tutorial on Navigation and know C#. 




 That really isn't true.  As others have mentioned, land is quite cheap in many places.  If you have a decent income, little debt, and live frugally (big ifs, I know), you can probably save up and buy some workable land for this kind of project. 




 This seems disingenuous to me.

Scientific terms - which both sex and gender *are* - usually have a specificity that goes beyond the loose, context-dependent specificity of common language.

For example:

Ribose always has one, specific meaning, no matter where I use it.  If you know what ribose is, and you know the basic language of chemistry, then you know *exactly* what kind of molecule I'm talking about when I mention 2-deoxyribose - even if you've never heard of it before.

It would be counterproductive to have words for specific molecules that are context-dependent.  In fact, where such words exist, they are generally regarded as a nuisance; over time, their use is decreasing.  Context dependent terms for specific molecules would undermine the utility of the chemical language that has been developed, which allows for efficient, expedient, precise communication of chemical ideas.

This is a very special way of using language - it is nothing like the way we converse, really.  Most of our words are used to convey states of emotion and perception - and they necessarily use metaphor, connotation, subtle implication, imagery, and so on.  None of these linguistic constructs have any place in accurate scientific communication (except as human context, e.g. in an introduction or discussion section).

...

I would argue that as a scientist, you should accept that 'gender' has a specific scientific meaning - not in biology, but in psychology - that is different from 'sex', and the two should therefore not be confused.  This is not a radical view.  This is the dominant view in those fields that *actually use the scientific term 'gender'.*

If you tried to publish a paper that confused the two, at least one of your peer reviewers would demand revision.  If the paper was for a relevant field (e.g. personality psychology), your paper would be rejected - just as surely a paper in cell biology would be rejected if its authors confused DNA for RNA.  It shows that the authors are ignorant of the scientific literature, and have no business writing on the topic.

...

Now, you might say: look, I'm not talking about scientific communication - I'm talking about using these words in normal conversation.  In that case, it seems that your status as a biologist is entirely irrelevant.  You don't see sex and gender as interchangeable words *as a biologist* - you see them as interchangeable *as an ordinary person*.  But you think this quality of 'being a biologist' somehow stays with you when you engage in ordinary thinking.  It doesn't!  A scientist engaging in non-scientific thinking is no different than a non-scientist engaging in ordinary thinking.  There is nothing scientific about it, and the person's profession is irrelevant. 









 It's barely watchable.  Great concept, terrible execution...which seems to be about as good as it gets for big films. 




  The point which you missing is that so called rational science is having a hard time comprehending the things quantum physics tell us. 

You seem like a very arrogant person.  You don't know anything about me - not about my status as a current or former user of psychedelics, nor about my views on reality and so on.  But you freely assume all kinds of things and rudely suppose that you are setting me straight about the truth of reality.  Huh.

You say:

The point which you missing is that so called rational science is having a hard time comprehending the things quantum physics tell us. 

The problem with this is that *quantum physics is a rational science*.  There is no other *kind* of science.  You seem to think that quantum physics has some existence outside of human experience - it does not.

Quantum physics is a human effort to model reality in a particular way.  It is conceptual.  It is rational.  It is flawed and imperfect.  It is, at best, an accurate *conceptual model* of a very small set of phenomena.  You can't simultaneously reject rationality and accept quantum physics. 




 Ah, I see what you mean.  I actually enjoyed many parts of Interstellar, which is why I posted.  It was a good concept and a good story in principle, and at times I felt it was well executed.  I agree that accuracy and enjoyability have no necessary relationship in filmmaking, but that really isn't what I was getting at. 




 It's just that people think you're an asshole, and they're showing you the door.

I don't think this is be a fair assessment of why censorship is used on Reddit.  It *sounds true* because the comic has a very effective delivery.  But there is nothing in the comic that provides any rational basis for *believing* that its claims are true.  It's like a catchy pop song; it sounds true, it sounds important, but it's a trick.  Its content may be true or false, important or frivolous.  You can't tell without further examination than just consuming it.

Given a choice, I'd rather base my beliefs on a reasoned assessment of observable facts.  Reddit seems to use censorship, at the moderator level primarily, but sometimes at the administrative level, primarily to promote views popular in the mainstream semi-intellectual media (which are primarily shaped by the interests of their ownership and their customers, who are advertisers). 




 Like it or not, reddit is private property. This is not a government run website, your taxpayer dollars are not contributing to this website. As such, reddit is free to do what they want with it.

You seem to think that there is nothing wrong with this, and that that fact is so obvious it requires no support.  Many people believe that the combination of strong private property rights and the concentration of almost all wealth in a tiny elite has problematic implications for society.

Capitalism and private property are not physical properties of reality - they are social institutions.  If you believe they are good, that belief requires justification.  Given their unfortunate consequences for the vast majority of people, I think it would take some incredible evidence to demonstrate that they are good for society or otherwise justifiable. 




 I don't see how that is relevant to what I wrote. 




 Fair enough.  You don't have to.  But I think a reasonably impartial viewer of the science-fiction produced in the last few decades *would* admit this.

Incidentally, what I said can be true without the film being any "good".  I thought the characters were, for the most part, utter shit; their life stories and motivations made no sense to me at all.  What the fuck does NASA want with this burned out idiot?  They could build all these ships and run all these facilities, but they can't train one pilot...so they pick up this guy out of nowhere because his appearance feels like synchronicity?  And of course the female lead finds him attractive, in a snarky yet playful way.  Puke.

And then there are the multiple characters who are supposed to be highly accomplished mid-career scientists, who believe that love conquers all and crosses galaxies to deliver information to you about what you should do next in your scientific endeavors.  Bleh!  I honestly wondered whether the film's intended purpose was to brainwash naive science-minded teenagers into believing magical thinking and scientific thinking are somehow compatible and aligned.

So, I don't necessarily think the film didn't suck.  But I do think it made some strong depictions of plausible science fiction in ways that many past science fiction efforts have failed to do.  And I liked the premise, and enjoyed many short passages of the film that I found compelling (and which managed to gloss over gross character and story flaws that plagued most of the film). 




 Well, it's a good thing I've got you around to set me straight.  There I was, thinking that rationality existed.  But then, flexiverse came and told it like it is, and I've taken the courageous step of dropping these balls off the fence and choosing my side - the irrational side! /s

Flexiverse, you either have not bothered to try to understand what I mean and where I am coming from, or else you are very naive about how the mind and world function.

The scientific conclusion is time doesn't exist and the local effects of space and time are a complete illusion.

That is a very rough interpretation, and one so vague that it could mean many things to many people.  Scientific ideas in physics usually look more like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schr%C3%B6dinger_equation#Time-dependent_equation); they are quantitative statements, perhaps wrapped in logic and understanding, but ~~rarely~~ never composed of qualitative language alone.  They relate experience to mathematics.  This is what allows them to be rigorously tested and eventually falsified if they do not adequately model reality.  These things are part of the rational basis of physics, which is a human endeavor to understand reality.

Now, that reality scientists are trying to understand does not have to be rational for it to be advantageous to use rationality to try to understand it.  It doesn't have to conform to our expectations, or behave in a logical sane way, or anything like that - I think the field of quantum mechanics actually supports this point, and undermines yours.  The *phenomena* observed by physicists increasingly contradict our common-sense notions of - even our direct experience of - reality.  So it appears that physicists have undermined any rational support for believing things about the nature reality on the basis of common sense.

That doesn't mean they have undermined support for *using rationality to try to understand reality*, though; it would be a circular argument to claim that they had anyway, as rationality is what got us all these ideas about physics in the first place.

Our understanding now must be convoluted and strange in order to approach an accurate model of reality, but that doesn't mean it has no rational basis...it just means we're using rationality to model something that may be "irrational," if such a term can even be applied to phenomena that arise from outside the human mind.

Einstein said if you truly understood the implications you'd be shocked. 

Good!  Einstein encouraged us to use our reason to understand things so unlike our ordinary experience of reality that they are shocking.  Sounds like a great advertisement for the **power of reason**! 




 You have to admit, the film depicted many things in a reasonably believable way.  There were large parts of the film and central plot devices that you just had to accept despite their impossibility (e.g. the male lead having any appreciable role in action of the film, much less a central one).  But I think it's fair to say that they made a strong effort, and to a great extent succeeded, in delivering plausible science fiction in many situations that have been poorly treated in past works (e.g. relativistic effects of mass on time during exploration of extremely massive planets). 




 That isn't true at all.  But you don't seem to be interested in a constructive discourse, so I suppose we'll have to remain in disagreement.  :/ 




 It doesn't matter who Allegro was.  You're aggressively demanding that we conform to a method of determining truth that has no rational basis.

Have the balls to pick a side?  Choosing that something is true in the absence of clear evidence, because you believe courage demands it...that is childish at best, and is obviously not a reliable producer of knowledge.
 




 You are being ridiculous.  This kind of thinking has no place in civilized society, nor this subreddit. 




 Ahh..

I really like the core of the sound, and the way it evolves and moves through different harmonies.  Love that Pink Floyd-esque sound enters around 2:20.

But do I feel strongly that it would be better to reduce the resonance on the sweeping filter to take out the siren-like effect it has.  Because it repeats so quickly, falls in the mid to upper-mid range, and is self-resonating (creates a note at the filter pitch), I found it became annoying very quickly.  If the resonance were reduced, it could become a subtle wave of textures instead of a clear siren tone.

When I use a self-resonating filter in a drone, I either keep the width of any cutoff variation for that filter very small, or I make it highly irregular (e.g. by varying it manually with a knob or mod wheel).  Like in [this](https://soundcloud.com/exuberant_void/1262014bbkje) piece, I use an ARP2600 3 osc broadband drone with a lowpass filter on the edge of self-resonance, and manually vary the cutoff and resonance to create a melodic center for the drone.

Of course, much of this is a matter of taste.. 




 I am planning on engaging in intense cardio and calisthenics everyday up until this urinalysis. I also plan on drinking excessive water and cranberry juice to flush it out of my system.

There's no evidence that either of these things will have an appreciable effect on your body's elimination of methylphenidate and its metabolites.  People often confuse metabolism of energy (i.e. "burning calories") with metabolism of drugs and toxic substances.  The only relationship between these is that they are kinds of regulated chemical reactions performed by your body; their rates can vary independently.

Low body fat makes a difference for substances that are stored in body fat, like THC and its metabolites.  But it doesn't matter for amphetamines.

The longest methylphenidate should be detectable in your urine should be about 4 days.  So...nothing to worry about.

https://www.erowid.org/pharms/methylphenidate/methylphenidate_testing.shtml

http://prescription-drug.addictionblog.org/does-ritalin-show-up-on-a-drug-test/

http://drug.addictionblog.org/how-long-do-amphetamines-stay-in-your-system/

edit: I overstated myself. Cranberry juice might make your urine acidic enough to slightly increase the rate of amphetamine excretion, but the effect is small and requires a lot of juice.  If you were in a crunch it might be worth downing a fuckton of juice on the off-chance that it would put you just under the limit.  But given how much time you have, it really doesn't matter. 




