 I honestly feel bad now. I feel like I did a terrible job of explaining the findings and sharing my thoughts and I don't know how to fix it.  




 Yes. Thank you. This is pretty much what I said.  




 Glucokinase is an enzyme involved in carbohydrate metabolism (the 'transformation' of ingested carbohydrates for energy, a.k.a Adenone triphosphate (ATP)).

Oxidative phosphorylization is a biochemical process by which an enzyme (in this case, glucokinase) will use the transfer of electrons (in this case, an oxidation, meaning a loss of electrons ) caused by the transport of nutrients in order to produce ATP in the mitochondria of cells. This is the basis of how we, humans, are able to live: the nutrients we ingest undergo various chemical transformations, resulting in a 'chain' of electron transfers of which the end product is ATP.

The net hepatic glucose uptake rate is simply the rate at which the liver transforms glucose which comes from ingested macro nutrients in order to produce ATP. In this study, they found that when the dogs are on a caloric surplus, the liver becomes less efficient at doing this, thus resulting in a decrease in the net uptake rate of glucose 'transformation' in the liver.  

I'm trying my damn hardest to explain this simply. Hopefully it makes more sense now? Please let me know! 









 At the end of the day, only the caloric balance really matters, for the average, mostly sedentary person anyway.  




 Well, if you ask me, most people don't care about either one. They don't care about their metabolism being all messed up, and they don't care about being overweight as a result, either. Blatant generalization here, but I think there's something messed up with society. People don't even know what goes through their intestinal tract on a daily basis...  




 I realize now that there was a simpler of explaining everything I said. I'm sorry. I spent a lot of time studying this stuff in my short lifetime, so talking about things like ATP synthesis and macro nutrients feels very natural to me. But I'm perfectly aware that it's not the case for everyone. I'm tired and didn't think too much and forgot about who I was addressing myself to.  




 Lol how am I being rude here? Just because there isn't an emote in there doesn't mean I have a rude expression on my face as I'm typing. I genuinely thought people would understand what I was saying.  




 My assumption was that people generally understand at least the basic biochemical principles behind nutritional science. Guess I was wrong...  




 Well, I can explain why, but not simply. There's a correlation between a  decrease in the net hepatic glucose uptake rate and an increase in the adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides and in an excess nutrient-induced hepatic accumulation of lipids. Nutrients that cannot be used for ATP synthesis are transformed into triglycerides, which are ultimately stored in the body's fat tissue. There's also evidence that there is a link between overeating, the process of de novo fatty acid synthesis and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.  




 Actually, it's quite common practice for athletes   people concerned with their physical appearance to purposely be at a positive energy balance in order to improve performance. For example, bodybuilders increase the amount of muscular tissue in their body with a combination of resistance training and overeating.  




 The liver is less efficient at metabolizing glucose for ATP synthesis. The glucose from nutrients in your body is transformed into energy at a lesser rate. I can't think of a way to explain it more simply.  




 Based on this study alone, it's obviously not possible to assess whether the negative impact of continuously having a positive energy balance over a relatively long period of time is outweighed by the benefits associated with various levels of physical activity. That question cannot be answered, at least not within the scope of this single study.  




 Adiposity isn't discussed here. Their findings simply state that the net hepatic glucose uptake rate is affected by continuously having a positive energy balance over a relatively long period of time (in this case, 4 weeks).  




 Nope, you simply need to avoid ending the day with a positive energy balance.  




 For those who are too lazy to read the whole thing: simply put, they found that being at a positive energy balance, regardless of macro nutrient breakdown, negatively affects the body's ability to process glucose in the liver; the higher caloric intake is, the more the ability of the glucokinase enzyme to phosphorylate glucose is reduced. Because of this, over time, the net hepatic glucose uptake rate (NHGU in the study) is negatively affected, thus resulting in excess nutrient-induced hepatic accumulation. 




 Simply put, they found that being at a positive energy balance, regardless of macro nutrient breakdown, negatively affects the body's ability to process glucose in the liver; the higher caloric intake is, the more the ability of the glucokinase enzyme to phosphorylate glucose is reduced. Because of this, over time, the net hepatic glucose uptake rate (NHGU in the study) is negatively affected, thus resulting in excess nutrient-induced hepatic accumulation. 





























 LPL then LCK then the rest of the world.  




 The tilt.  




 Faker goes Irelia mid. Roccat's mid laner goes Irelia mid.

Clearlove starts playing Evelynn. Every single jungler in NA   EU LCS starts playing Evelynn.

LCK's top laners start playing Ryze. EU top laners start playing Ryze. 

I mean, really?

Western players pls 




 I would argue that this is because, at the highest level, absolute strength overpowers relative strength. And in a world where absolute strength is what matters, the bigger guy is obviously going to do better. Of course there are other factors, but if we're about strength specifically, that's what I think.  


































 I've joined. I'm currently at 180 lb, 12-13% body fat. I want to drop another 5 pounds to get to 10% body fat and then I'll start gaining mass while maintaining body fat as much as possible until I reach my endgoal of 200 lb and 10% body fat! 




 To quote the article:

'Furthermore, studies in humans confirm that fructose, but not glucose (when provided as 25% of energy requirements), in the context of an energy-balanced diet increases de novo lipogenesis and visceral adiposity along with dyslipidemia, decreases insulin sensitivity10, 12 and decreases in fat oxidation53. Curiously, in human studies that use isocaloric diets with subjects in energy balance (i.e., equal energy intake and expenditure), observed no overall effects of fructose in BW gain20, 21. However, it is worth mentioning that such interventions in humans tend to be of very short duration (up to 4 weeks), so it is not clear whether such null effects on BW will persist in longer term interventions.'

Sadly, there is no clear answer.  





























 Good article.

Personally, when I'm on a low/no carb diet, I simply add some salt to all of my meals, and that does just fine.

For Potassium and Magnesium, I take them in tablet form.  




 On the contrary, it has made my life SO much healthier!  




 That's why you make things that can be kept for a while in your fridge or freezer. Meat, rice, oatmeal, vegetables, fruits, cottage cheese, etc..  




 Sandwiches no, but I do eat a lot of lettuce. I don't see your point though. Care to elaborate?  









 The short answer is, in the long run, yes it does.  




 Or, even better, buy and prepare your meals for the entire week all in the same day, for example, on Sunday. And nothing else. This way, you cannot be tempted to eat anything else than what you're supposed to! :) 




 This is something that took me a long time to learn, and that I've learned the hard way. 

Do not hype up your meals, do not look forward to them. Do not build your day around your dinner meal, or your week around your Saturday diet. Because you're always going to end up disappointed if you think of food this way. And the size doesn't matter either... Whether it be a 200 calorie chocolate pancake, a 350 calorie piece of chocolate cake, or a 2700 calorie extra large meat lover pizza, it's all the same.  

Any meal is going to take, at most, 20 minute to eat, and then what? Your life continues, and it hasn't been made better by that meal. Eating that meal hasn't contributed to your *overall happiness* in any way. And as you realize that, it creates a vicious circle of frustration and despair, because you keep looking forward to something that continuously fails to make you feel happy in the long run.

There was a time when, like a lot of people, I used to rely on food for happiness. And it took me a long time to realize that food is really just that - food - and nothing else, and that it serves no inherent purpose other than allowing my body to function properly so I can survive (and gaining muscle mass and strength). And when I realized that, I started looking for other ways of creating satisfaction in my life, and the day I finally managed to do so, food became meaningless. All I see now is proteins, carbohydrates, fats and micro nutrients, and it doesn't really matter where I get these four things as long as I do get them. 

And I can easily eat the same thing everyday, because taste means nothing to me. Because, like I said, food means nothing to me. Because I eat to survive, and not to reward myself or in response to an outside factor, such as stress, sadness or boredom, or the desire to socialize.

For me at least, the day I started looking at food as nothing other than macro nutrients that I need in order to survive, I felt an immense weight fall of my shoulders and I became a much happier and healthier person. And it took me years, and there was a lot of mental pain, but it was well worth it.

 I am no longer a slave of my own everyday wants, and now that the desire to eat now longer makes me short sighted, I can gaze far into the future and see the kind of person that I want to become and work toward becoming that person.  




 I'm aware that it provides very little to no benefits body composition wise. I'm just curious what it would be like from a psychological perspective.  




 If you want to drop a lot of water weight... Just stop eating sodium, reduce your water intake, and switch to a low carbohydrate diet. It's much safer for your health than using a laxative drug. Also, just so you know, you will look leaner and be lighter on the scale, but you won't be losing fat faster. Being on a bigger caloric deficit will make you lose weight faster, that's it.  




 80% of your calories should be burned from diet IMO, so the exercise you do shouldn't account for many calories.  




 Just curious if anyone here does this. I have a bodybuilder friend who does - He wakes up at 8 am, doesn't eat for the entire day, hits the gym at 5 pm, eats a ridiculously huge 3000 calorie meal right after, then fasts for the remainder of the day. He does this everyday. I've been tempted to try this, just for fun.  




 There's no way around it. You just gotta power your way through it.  




 For weight loss, it makes little difference. But if you wanna perform in the gym and while doing exercise in general, you need to eat lots of low GI carbohydrate foods.  




 In a controlled lab setting, the benefits of losing weight by eating less far outweigh all other factors when it comes to overall health, even exercise. If you are exercising daily but still fat because of your diet, you are literally less healthy than someone who is living a couch potato life but losing weight through diet.  




 Eating 'healthy' only makes a difference insofar as it allows you to be at a caloric deficit, never forget that.  




 Nice man! Happy that you found something that works for you! Don't forget though, diet is the most important thing, not cardio, for weight loss! 




 Society has been trying to teach us to exercise and eat 'healthier', but what does it even mean to eat 'healthy'? The truth is, exercising and eating 'healthy' only matter only matter insofar as they allow you to be at a caloric deficit.  




 Even though my parents never had eating habits that were that good, they weren't fat when I was a kid. However, I was: I became overweight by the age of 11 and was in that state until I was 15, when I started exercising and learning about nutrition and counting calories. It took me 5 years to drop down to 12-13% body fat, and the whole process of becoming fat and then losing all the weight had a huge impact on the person I became, positively and negatively.

But I never blamed my parents, because they never knew better. Nonetheless, what goes around comes around I guess, since as they became older they also became overweight. But instead of blaming them, I decided to help them lose their weight. My dad has been more reluctant to change his habits, and he drinks way too much alcohol (you shouldn't drink alcohol period, in my opinion). 

On the other hand, my mom agreed to go on a strict diet and start weight lifting about 6 months ago, and as of today she has lost 35 pounds. She didn't want me to post pictures, but she went from 155 pounds and about 40% body fat to 120 pounds and close to 25% body fat, and she feels great.

I don't have any siblings, so for me it's important that my parents live long and healthy lives despite their lack of knowledge, and I'm working hard on it. Now I need to get on my dad's case, and I can already tell it's gonna be one hell of a ride, but I'm staying positive!! 









 My motivations are the years I've spent in school and in a lab studying chemistry, biology and then biochemistry and human nutrition, and which have opened my eyes on how messed up society truly is when it comes to eating behaviors and in general. 

Also, I was traumatized by my childhood due to being overweight as a kid.

As a result of these two things, I'm obsessed with physical appearance (I want to keep getting increasingly lean and muscular), I have somewhat of an inferiority complex, and I tend to look down on ignorance (bad habit, but at least I'm aware of it). Those were my initial reasons for completing my weight loss. Now that it's completed (I'm at 12% body fat), nothing has really changed.  




 For me, there is carbohydrates and fats, and then there's proteins.

When you're on a caloric surplus, excess fat is directly stored, while carbohydrates indirectly increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, since they are the body's preferred source of the energy.

On the other hand, even though the conversion pathway exists theoretically (for example via gluconeogenesis), some studies have found that dietary proteins never actually increase fat storage, even on a fairly large caloric surplus.   




 Weight is such a superficial thing... You can take a big shit in the morning and there you go, you've dropped 2 pounds. I'm not kidding, this has happened to me before. Does that mean I've actually lost 2 pounds worth of stored fat? No, not at all. I'm losing weight because I'm on a caloric deficit, that's it. 

Body fat percentage is an accurate measure of progress, but sadly it can only be measured accurately in a lab with expensive equipment. So the only reliable we, laypeople, have of measuring our progress is by looking at ourselves in the mirror.  




 This is why you don't look at the scale. Daily fluctuations in weight and actual body fat percentage are two very, very different thing. Personally I look at myself in the mirror every morning, but I rarely look at the scale.  




 I don't use any app or program, but I've been tracking calories for almost a decade now and so I know the caloric content of various portions of almost all foods by heart, and I also have my own list that I made myself and that I check occasionally. It's an habit that I will have all my life, that I have taught to my own parents to help them lose weight, and that I will teach to my future children as well. 

Caloric intake is by far the most important factor when it comes to nutrition, so counting calories is not a habit that should ever be given up in my opinion.  




 I do my cardio in the morning before breakfast, but that's because my bodyfat is low and I'm trying to get rid of the stubborn fat. In general, you can do your cardio anytime, in the long run it doesn't really make a difference.  




 Congrats, but you could have probably lost more efficiently still if you had tracked caloric intake. However, you still lost a number of pounds that you seem to be satisfied with, so hats off to you.  




 First, congrats on your progress, and for ending that unhealthy relationship.

Second, I know where you're coming from. I had to choose between a relationship and the fit life... and I chose the latter without hesitation. I study full time during the week, work full time during the weekend, I spend an hour preparing food and 2-3 hours working out everyday. The rest of the time is for moving from one place to another and, most importantly, sleeping. It's a time consuming schedule, but it's definitely worth it.

Who needs a relationship when you've got an amazing body?! 

Anyway, congrats man, stay hungry for progress! 




 I've repeated this so many times it makes my head hurts... There's no such thing as a plateau when it comes to weight loss. The body never becomes significantly less efficient at using stored fat for energy. In order to lose weight, you need to eat less, it's that simple. If you're not losing weight, you're either miscalculating how much you're eating or eating too much or both.  




 In all cases, I'm sorry I was rude. The thing I hope you get out of this is that there's no such thing as a plateau when it comes to weight loss. If you're not losing weight, you need to eat less, it's really that simple. Personally, I don't really rely on TDEE calculators because I don't think they're very accurate. I usually use the TDEE formula as a starting point, and then either increase or decrease my daily calories on a weekly basis until I get to the desired outcome.  




 I lost my cool, but I was never upset at you personally. Just at the general ignorance that I keep coming across on the internet and throughout society at large. Even the people over at popular websites like bodybuilding.com have no idea what they're saying half the time, it's infuriating. Myths like this spread like wildfire and it's not your fault for believing them.  




 You don't need to cheat when your meals are healthy, tasty and satisfying to eat. If you feel the need to have cheat meals regularly, something about your diet needs to change IMO.  




 Well, I've had a long day and I come here and first thing I see is the OP getting upvoted for spreading senseless bullshit. Of course I'm a little pissed and my tone did reflect that. I'm sorry.  




 And now I'm getting massively downvoted by people who are equally clueless as the OP. Ok. No point arguing, I see. I will simply leave this thread.  




 Awesome progress! Congratulations man!  




 Of course you don't think it's true, you don't understand the basic biochemical principles behind nutritional science... One of the only things that can directly affect one's ability to release triglycerides as free fatty acids and use them for energy production is fluctuations in circulating serum levels of the leptin adipokine hormone, and the impact is minimal in the overweight, who have a relatively large supply at all times due to having a large number of fat cells. The reason why your weight dropped so quickly, most likely, is because you quickly reduced your caloric and carbohydrate intakes, causing your reserves of muscle   liver glycogen to deplete quickly and making you lose a lot of the water stored in your body as well in the process. And before that, you were most likely just eating too many calories and/or miscalculating how much you were eating for your level of activity.

You can think of all the excuses and reasons in the world, but at the end of the day, if you are at daily negative energy balance, you will lose fat. It's plain and simple. Given a consistent level of activity, your body does not suddenly start utilizing the nutrients that you eat less efficiently. The body doesn't work like that. 

Also, that bodybuilding.com article is very ignorant... Refeed days do not equal 'cheating'. It's well established that only carbohydrate intake has a significant impact on leptin levels, and not fats or proteins. 

Edit:

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

http://www.nature.com/ejcn/journal/v60/n1/abs/1602270a.html

As you can see, many research teams have shown that the link between leptin and calories is primarily in regards to carbohydrates. Whoever wrote that article on bodybuilding is clueless, just like people who believe that the process of utilizing the body's reserves of triglycerides for ATP synthesis can 'plateau'. Downvote me all you want for being a rude ass, but too many people believe this myth and it's infuriating. 

 




 I applaud you for your dedication! Keep it up my friend! Stay hungry! 




 There is no such thing as a plateau when it comes to weight loss. Drop your caloric intake, make sure your training intensity remains the same, make sure your calorie tracking is accurate, etc.  




 Full body resistance training with a focus on back muscles and with some cardio at the end. Barbell regular deadlifts, barbell straight leg deadlifts, weighted pullups, barbell back rows, dumbbell shrugs, bicep curls, and with 40 min of either Stairmaster or elleptical machine at the end, haven't decided yet.  




 I feel you. My caloric intake hasn't changed, but I went back to a low carb diet after being on an isocaloric one didn't work so well. Eating more carbs tends to make it harder for me to deal with hunger, not sure why, but it made the last couple days harder to endure food wise. Glad to be back on my regular eating patterns now. :)  




 Goals are to respect my target caloric intake for the day and get in a good workout tonight. That's it! 




 Yep. The best revenge in life is proving others that they were wrong when they said you couldn't do anything.  




 You make a lot of assumptions. I haven't used it yet, and just because I'm discussing the subject or asking questions does not mean I ever will. I know that it's one of the few compounds that are causatively linked to death. I know that the dose that can be dangerous enough to make you end up in the ICU or die varies between individuals and is somewhat unpredictable. I'm perfectly aware that it's objectively dangerous. Thanks for your concern though, but I'm a bit offended by your assumption that I'm just an idiot with a strong cognitive bias.  




 I'm not saying that you're wrong to live the way you do, on the contrary. I can easily see how my outlook on the world can be regarded as 'extreme' by a lot of people, and in fact on the internet it is, and in real life I keep my views a secret from my friends and family. All they know is that I work out a lot and eat healthy, they don't know that I look down on them for their living habits. My views have been shaped by the traumatic childhood I've had due to being overweight as a child and teenager, as well as by the years I've spent in a lab studying and conducting experiments (I'm a Biochemistry major with a minor in Human Nutrition), and like you correctly guessed, I've definitely had to sacrifice a lot socially in order to continue to live by my own ideals. 

Do I think everyone should live by those ideals? Yes, to a certain extent. But that does not mean that I try to force them on others or that I am unable to understand where they come from. After all, we all have our own beliefs which are based on our life experiences and upbringing. I blame society for the flaws I see in how individuals live, not the individuals themselves.  




 How so? I merely expressed my opinion respectfully while acknowledging his.  




 I agree with your point, but it doesn't have to do with age (I'm 21). The way I see it is, you are getting pressured by your family members who obviously don't share your understanding and sensibility to the scientific principles behind nutrition. This is not necessarily a bad thing, it's just how things are. Most of society is ignorant when it comes to food and, I might come off as arrogant by saying that, in general as well, I would say. And those of us who aren't suffer from that because of our peers and family.  




 It's not a matter of self control. You don't need an absence of social contact to binge eat. A lot of people are more likely to binge eat when they're bored and alone at home. It's a question of principle for me. I strive to live by ideas and ideals, and not by my everyday wants. That's why I don't have 'cheat meals' or anything like that. It's not just about weight loss.  




 I respect your effort, but personally I do not eat out at restaurants because I cannot count how many calories I'm eating or control the nutritional content of the food. Also, in my opinion, eating as a mean of socializing is an extremely unhealthy and unnecessary cultural practice that promotes unhealthy eating habits, overeating and binge drinking of alcohol.  




 It's a bad idea when have no clue how to eat/have unhealthy eating habits. It's a good shortcut if you can adapt your diet accordingly.  




 Yes, I'm already well aware that the main adverse effect of DNP misuse/overuse is an acute risk of death. That's because mitochondria uncoupling, the main mechanism by which it causes fat cell breakdown, has been poorly studied and so there's no medication or short term medical protocol to counter its adverse effects yet. So, if you take too much and get potentially fatal hyperthermia, your best bet is to get into a cold bath and call the paramedics so they can watch you die. Sad but true.

With that said, I believe that DNP is currently by far the most effective compound that exists for weight loss, and that it can be used relatively safely if you know what you are doing. A testament to that is that the compound is being actively studied currently, in hope that in the future the associated weight loss physiological mechanism (mitochondria uncoupling) can be used to produce drugs that are just as effective but safer for weight loss for the average layperson who is ignorant to science. 




 I have done a lot of research on the compound, but have yet to use it on my own body, so I'm curious and would like to get some anecdotal evidence from people who have. Thanks in advance to those who will answer.

-What typically reported/advised dose did you use?

-Which of the typically reported adverse effects did you get?

-If you did get the allergic reaction that some people seem to get, which anti-histamine drug did you use, and what dose? How long did it take for the reaction to go away once you started medicating?

-If you had access to blood testing, how were your Triiodothyronine levels during and post cycle? I'm especially curious about this one, because I've seen that a lot of the more recent online protocols have a 'post-cycle phase' of which the goal is to replenish T3 levels primarily via nutrition, but I've never seen the scientific evidence that it significantly does reduce them, even though in theory I can see why it does. 

-How hard was it to adjust your TDEE to your new weight post cycle?

-What supplements did you use? I've read some opinions that you should supplement with Pyruvate in tablet or capsule form daily to prevent a possible allergic reaction, but again, I've never seen the evidence.  




 I never eat to celebrate. In my opinion, this cultural practice is one of the underlying causes of the increasing rates of obesity in society. People eat unhealthy snacks at parties, eat in fast food restaurants to hang out with their friends, eat 'comforting foods' at funerals... People eat as a mean of socializing all the time, and most of the time that's when they eat greasy and sugar rich foods and that's when they end up being at a caloric surplus. This is irrational, you don't need to ingest macro nutrients in order to be able to socialize with other human beings. I don't know why our society does that, but it's not normal. Humans didn't evolve to have access to such an abundant supply of food, and the human brain isn't made to eat such rewarding foods all the time like we are doing today. People in today's world have never been taught to make the difference between eating because of actual hunger and eating because of exogenous factors, such as boredom, stress or the desire to socialize.... 

This is only anecdotal evidence but: I work at my university's faculty lab and we are currently studying how the desire to socialize affects food intake and food consumption patterns in healthy and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rodent (naked mole-rat) subjects. And based on preliminary experiments, I can tell you that there's a great chance that we are going to find that socialization has drastic effects on how eusocial beings interact with foods.  









 Congratulations, and indeed there are no shortcuts! The hardest isn't to diet or train, it's to continue to do these things even when you're lacking motivation and feeling down! If you can do this consistently, you take it one step further and differentiate yourself from average!!  




 Exercise does allow you to eat a bit more though. Actually, it requires you to eat more unless you want a greater deficit. The issue is that it causes a lot of people to think that it allows them to eat a lot more than it actually does, which sometimes explains why people do not lose weight despite exercising and eating 'healthy' regularly.  




 Good luck! And remember, the hardest is not dieting or training. It's continuing to do these things even when you're lacking motivation and feeling down. This is what differentiates the great and successful from everyone else in the long run.  




 Yeah, I understand. You can only do both at the same time when you start. Proper dieting and being at a caloric deficit will make you lose weight while you put on mass and strength naturally. Eventually, though, you will start having to do one at a time. But that doesn't matter for now.  




 Thinking that you don't want to become too 'bulky' is the worst mindset to start with. Look, you will never become insanely muscular except with years and years of hard training, on point dieting and use of various muscle building drugs. Lifting heavy weights and eating healthy consistently for a couple months will never even make you close to being overly muscular like you seem to be irrationally afraid of becoming.  




 There is some evidence in the scientific literature that it does, literally. Your food choices influence your gut microbiota composition, and in turn those microorganisms influence which nutrient and nutrient choices your brain wants via something known as the gut-brain axis. As you make 'healthier' food choices, the composition of your gut microbiota changes and the micro organisms that prefer the nutrients associated with 'unhealthy' foods get progressively replaced by the 'healthier' food ones.  




 It's not dangerous enough to be controlled. It's available over the counter in pharmacies and in most supplement/fitness stores, at least where I live. Although this is only anecdotal evidence, I have personally been using Ephedrine for many years now, and I've never had any problems. The appetite suppressing effects work very well, and they only stop working after 3-4 months of continuous use... At which point you can simply cease use completely for 1-2 months and then resume, without any issues. Like I said, only my experience though.  




 In my experience, the snacking issue was because main meals weren't filling/satisfying enough. Both extremes exist... Some people eat a single enormous meal and then fast for the rest of the day, others eat as many as 8-10 small even portions throughout the day. I find that the best to avoid snacking and overeating is somewhere in the middle, 3 to 5 fairly sized meals with 3 to 5 hours in between each. Starchy vegetables should help contain hunger as well.  




 I would avoid doing that. That adds a lot of calories for no reason.  




 As long as the foods you eat are healthy, there's nothing wrong with that. Why change a working formula?  




 Make sure your calorie tracking is accurate, reduce your caloric intake a bit, increase your exercise level a bit, eat foods that are more filling, etc.. It's really simple. If nothing's changing, change things up, work harder, but most importantly, never give up.  




 I'm not a doctor, but I would suggest using something that suppresses appetite, such as a sympathomimetic drug. Ephedrine is great for that. It's cheap, widely available both over the counter and on the internet, and when combined with caffeine it's a mild stimulant that suppresses appetite and with little to no side effects. 




 I have for a lot of respect for people who are unhealthy but making a huge effort to change and acquire a healthy body. Not all of us were lucky to be born in an environment that promotes health.  Hats off to you good sir. 




 If you keep the diet that has allowed you to maintain your current weight, nothing should change. There is no drug that directly increases fat storage.  




 Any form of sugar is fine. If you wanna keep it healthy, I would go for foods that are also packed with proteins and micro nutrients, such as milk, fruits. White rice is also pretty good since it fills up and is rather fast digesting.  




 Crust was made extra thin with flaxseed flour

1/2 cup low calorie tomato sauce

1 cup low fat mozzarella cheese

30 slices of lean ground turkey meat

1 medium size green pepper

1 medium size onion

Tasty AND healthy! Only 700 calories for the entire pizza, with an isocaloric breakdown: about 35% carbohydrates, 35% fats and 30% proteins.

 




 I don't understand how your shopping card looks 'boring'. Everything looks delicious and filling to me. Lean meat. Starchy vegetables. Some delicious fiber rich fruits. This shopping cart is nearly perfect, the only thing it's missing in my opinion is some kind of cereal grain, like natural oats, quinoa or hemp seeds.  




 The pleasure is mine! And I would also like to add that, while I think that sugar is horrible for the average sedentary person, it's actually really useful for high endurance sports athletes, such as marathon runners. However, if you do no physical exercise and always eat a caloric surplus, it's horribly unhealthy because it creates a greater insulin response and therefore increase the transport of nutrients into fat tissue. Over time, it's one of the main reasons people become insulin resistant, obese and less capable of resisting to hunger.  




 Exactly. For me, it all ended when I realized that fulfilling my food cravings would never make me happy. Sure, I can have that bowl of ice cream and I'll be happy for 10 min and then what? My life isn't better. I'm not feeling better. If anything, my life is now worse because I have 500 calories less to work with for the remainder of the day and I'm hungry because ice cream doesn't fill me up for more than 30 min.  




 Yes, but it's not just a 'fad'. There is scientific evidence behind consuming sugar being a good thing after an intense physical effort, as I just explained. I would argue that chocolate milk is a reasonably healthy source of sugar, because it also has a decent number of proteins and is rich in certain micro nutrients. There might be better, but for a post-exercise meal specifically it's definitely not a bad choice.  




 I weight myself everyday simply to check whether I need to drop my water intake or not.  









 Congratulations!  




 There is something that occurs following an intense physical effort and that is known as the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect. Following your workout, glucose coming from the bloodstream is broken apart for energy at a faster than normal rate, and you become more sensitive to insulin produced to transport nutrients, meaning more of these nutrients get used up than usual. The reasons for this are complex, but have partly to do with the insulin signalling neural pathway: functioning proteins known as atypical protein kinase C (aPKC) and Ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1 (RAC1) increase the translocation (genetic 'rearrangement') rate of another functioning protein known as Glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4), thus causing its sarcolemmal (cellular) content to increase. GLUT4 is insulin-regulated and its purpose is essentially to increase nutrient uptake into fat tissue and muscles.

For these reasons, it's better to have a high glycemic load carbohydrate meal following a workout.  




 The other comments are not giving you the accurate picture... The research on meal timing is still ongoing and new discoveries are being made. However, the importance of the previous findings has been overstated by fitness enthusiasts... For the average overweight person trying to get down to a normal BMI, it probably makes little difference.  




 A pound of fat is 3500 calories. If you want to lose 2 pounds a week, you need to be on a 1000 daily caloric deficit. Basic maths. At your body fat percentage, you can do it without losing muscle mass or any other health issues, BUT you need to make sure that you're eating a lot of starchy vegetables and other fiber   micro nutrient packed foods to ensure a) that your basic physiological processes (such as digestion) keep functioning properly  and b) that you don't start getting insane cravings for certain foods partly due to hunger and which would surely compromise your weight loss goals.

A 500 caloric deficit is more sustainable for most people but there's certainly nothing wrong with being at 1000 unless you have a low body fat (around 20% and below for women). Whatever deficit number you shoot for, make sure you stick to that number. Consistency is key. You can't start at 1000 calories and then, 2 weeks in, tell yourself 'I can't do it I'm gonna cut back to 500'. That's a slippery slope and by going down that slope you're setting yourself up for failure, in my opinion at least. If you go for 1000 calories a day, it's 1000 calories all the way until you've reached your goal.  




 Either your body fat percentage is relatively high and you went on a relatively high caloric deficit, or you lost a lot of water weight.  




 'Jumping rope may be popular with kids, but this girlie activity is one of the most effective ways to burn fat and improve cardiovascular health.'

I stopped reading right there. The most effective way to burn fat and improve cardiovascular health is actually sustaineing a well-balanced diet that puts you at a daily caloric deficit. Whoever wrote this has no obviously no idea what they're talking about...

Also, any form of physical exercise that involves using various parts of your body in coordination/all at the same time will make you burn calories. Hiking, running, parkouring, weight lifting... It's all the same. I don't see any reason that justifies calling the jumping rope exercise a superior option. If you can't do that exercise properly, just do something else. It makes no difference.

 




 'Juince cleanses' and other myths of the kind are based on the horribly ignorant idea that your body needs outside help or some kind of 'kick start' to change. No... just no. The human physiology is well made. Your gastrointestinal tract and gut microbiota will adapt and change along with your diet over time. 

Also, no diet of the kind would produce any improvement in fatty acid utilization to a greater extent than simply being at a caloric deficit would... Most likely, if you experience any drastic changes in weight, it's because your muscle glycogen stores become depleted,  thus causing a lot of water to leave your body in the process, and nothing else.

And even if you do actually lose weight, you'll most likely gain it immediately as you get right back to your old dieting habits once the 'cleanse' is over. Again, sounds like a good plan for failure and ensuring that you lose all motivation to maintain healthy life changes in the long run.  

Instead of trying to work with uneducated idiocies of the kind, I would shoot for making a reasonably healthier diet plan that is based on a well-balanced diet of proteins, carbohydrates and fats, that puts you at a caloric deficit, and, most importantly, that you will be able to maintain in the long run. This is the only 100% safe and fool proof way to lose weight in a sustained manner... Anything else is either a marketing plot that takes advantage of the masses' ignorance, or a dangerous shortcut with some significant side effects (in this case it's the former).  




 Chicken wings aren't acceptable in any form whatsoever in my opinion. You could eat literally anything else that's white meat without the skin (which is just bad fats and carbohydrates) and it would be better. The solution isn't helping her with the cravings, it's finding ways of helping her get rid of the cravings altogether.  




 This is why I don't smoke weed anymore. It makes me too hungry, which isn't appropriate when I'm in weight loss mode. I prefer psilocybin. It's not toxic like ethanol and doesn't increase appetite like THC.  




 I can't creep my ex partner, because I've never had a partner to begin with.  




 As a cynical person, I was never interested in making money to begin with. The things that I am chasing in life are not things that can be purchased. No sum of material currency can buy dedication, willpower, consistent hard work or the ability to keep an open mind and continuously explore new possibilities throughout one's life.  




 Yep. I have to admit, to me, seeing my body change has become an addiction... At first I wanted to change my body to be healthier, now I'm changing it to become increasingly lean and muscular, no matter the cost. It is the best thing I have experienced in my entire life, and I have tried a lot of things, including many drugs. No drug was ever as gratifying as keeping track of my caloric intake and dieting and seeing my body fat go down or my muscular mass go up as a result.  









 I'm asking scholars if they actually think that laypeople are stupid, yes.  




 I mean ignorant in a pejorative sense. 









 Spaghetti doesn't have to be a cheat meal. Take a low calorie sauce, add in some lean meat for proteins and fats, and there you go, you have a balanced meal of carbohydrates, proteins and fats. All you have to do now is take a portion that works with your target caloric intake! 




 Nothing beats a proper diet for general health and changing your body. And the drugs that are actually powerful to do so are also the ones that can potentially be extremely dangerous if not used carefully and should therefore not be available to the masses. 2,4-Dinitrophenol comes to mind as a good example; it will cause substantial fat loss even on an isocaloric maintenance diet, but the side effect of misuse/overdose is: an acute risk of death. Otherwise, most legal drugs marketed by supplement companies as 'weight loss aids' have never been shown to work in rigorously conducted lab experiments... In other words, people are getting screwed daily by these companies.  









 Video games aren't the problem. I've been a huge gamer since I was a kid and I still play WoW after 10 years and a bunch of other online games as well and still train and do cardio everyday. It's all about time management.  




 Do you guys agree/disagree with this quote?

Personally, this summarizes my entire weight loss journey. At one point I realized that fulfilling my food cravings would never make me happy. Sure, I could eat that bowl of ice cream, and I'll be happy for what? 10 min as I'm eating it, and then what? My life isn't better because I've eaten that bowl of ice cream. I'm not happier because I fulfilled that food craving.

And now every time I think of having a 'cheat meal', I think to myself, sure, with how far I've come, I could probably allow myself this one cheat meal and it wouldn't make much of a difference in the long run. But what would that do? It wouldn't make me happy. What makes me truly happy is knowing that I said no to this cheat meal, that, by enduring the mental pain of not giving in to this desire, I stayed true to my ideals and to the idea of a healthy lifestyle that have allowed me to come this far into my weight loss journey.

Every time I've had issues with cravings, I kept this quote in mind and it allowed me to stay strong and not give in.  




 People like you are the reason I wear a tank top. :p 




 I'm well aware that STZ is used as a model of type 1 and 2 diabetes in non-human subjects, but nice assumption that I'm an idiot here. I didn't elaborate on the study because no one seemed to be interested.  




 Today was my first day stimulant free in a long, long time! Stimulants have helped me lose weight, but after about a year of being on some kind of stimulant literally every single day, the side effects had gotten a bit out of control.... I'm feeling extremely tired, but no nasty sugar cravings like I was fearing, so I'm happy. I had nothing but 2 small cups of coffee today, which is a change for me. Hopefully I can go on while remaining drug free and still maintain my leanness.  




 I'm not too sure why people are downvoting... 




 They didn't look at that in the study. 




 For me, there is no 'diet' or 'cheat meals'. Humans were not born with the need to eat ice cream, chips or any food in particular. We were born with the need to ingest proteins, carbohydrates, fats and micro nutrients, that's it. The intense desire to eat anything has been socially wired into your brain. The day you realize that, the need to 'have cheat meals' pretty much goes away, at least in my case it did. Also, I realized that living by my everyday wants would never make me truly happy. I mean, sure, I can have that bowl of ice cream, and I'll be satisfied for maybe 10 min as I'm eating it, and then what? Nothing happens. My life isn't better, but now I also have to deal with the fact that I'll be hungry in an 1 hour at most because ice cream isn't very filling and even though I have 400 calories less to work with for the rest of the day. People need to stop with the whole 'cheat meal' madness and realize that there are many food products that are filling, healthy AND satisfying to eat. Remember, it's a lifestyle, not something that you must force upon yourself or else you're setting yourself up for failure in the long run.  




 No, it just refers to the cognitive impairment caused by Streptozotocin-induced Diabetes milletus. 




 From the study's Discussion section:

'In the present study, the results demonstrated that leptin could attenuate STZinduced cognitive impairment, which was characterized by the poor performance of the rats in the Morris water maze test. Compound C, an AMPK inhibitor, significantly abrogated the protective effects of leptin against the STZinduced rat cognitive impairment. The findings of these results suggested, therefore, that AMPK activation contributed to the underlying mechanism of the therapeutic effect of leptin in STZinduced cognitive impairment.' 









 Some people do have a reduced ability to lose weight with caloric restriction, but you are correct.  




 Nope. When I was fat I felt depressed and hopeless, I would never go back.  




 As you can see, the discovery of and subsequent research into the effects of the leptin adipokine hormone has been hugely misinterpreted by fitness enthusiasts. What science initially said is 'there is a significant correlation between fluctuations in caloric intake, levels of circulating leptin and their effects on the endocannabinoid system', and this was somehow falsely interpreted as 'you can binge eat to ''reset'' your metabolism'. Wrong.   




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336 




 I would suggest removing all 'binge foods' from your house, that's what I used to do when I had a hard time not eating sweet foods. If there's no food to comfort yourself, you have no choice other than finding another way to deal with your stress.  




 No, this is completely false. Research has shown that the leptin hormone (which controls appetite and metabolism) is correlated with calories yes, but only with calories from carbohydrates, not sugar, fats or everything else. This is why refeed days that athletes have are high in complex carbohydrates, and moderate in proteins and low in fats. Refeed days are certainly not an excuse to 'cheat' or binge on sweets. There is no excuse to ever do that.  




 I think it would be more useful to ask yourself why you went on a binge in a first place and how you can prevent that in the future! 




 Congrats!  




 Today I had another grueling leg day. I'm exhausted!

I've kept my caloric intake the same, reduced my protein and carb intakes and increased my fat intake instead, and it seems to be working! I'm keeping my workout intensity, strength and mass but I feel leaner! I've also dropped my water and sodium intakes, cleaning up that aspect of my diet really helped a lot.  




 http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0120413

Turns out intermittent fasting makes you lose weight, protects your liver and heart, but damages your brain in the short run (Fig 5. IF changes oxidative damage to biomolecules in a tissue-specific manner).

Intermittent fasting (IF) as defined by this study is alternating 24h periods of ad libitum (unlimited) feeding (AF) with 24h periods of fasting. Even though numerous studies have found that intermittent fasting and caloric restriction in the long run act as protection for the brain by reducing protein oxidative damage in that specific area, this study found the opposite, that is, that IF results in a 'significant increase in protein carbonyl signals in the brain of IF rats (Fig. 5), without measurable changes in mitochondrial function (Fig. 2),ROS release (Fig. 4), MDA or NO2-Tyr (Fig. 5)' in the short run. The researchers were unable to explain this important discrepancy, but hopefully future research will be able to do so. 

















































 Cupcakes are the kind of food that is made specifically to make you want to eat more than one. That's why I avoid them altogether.  




 I train everyday because I enjoy it, but I also eat nutritionally optimal foods regardless of whether I exercise or not. Sure, caloric intake is what optimally matters, but macro and micro nutrient choices affect not only general health, but also whether people generally reach their target caloric intake or not. For example, people who eat foods that are rich in sugar and devoid of everything else tend to be hungrier and struggle to not overeat. I eat lean proteins, starchy vegetables, complex carb foods and healthy fats, and avoid everything else, because, from a nutritional point of view, there is very little need to eat anything else.  




 In my experience, one does not simply eat just one cookie, so I avoid cookies altogether.  




 I lift weights and do cardio 7 days a week, mostly because I enjoy it. You could probably lift weights every 2 days and do cardio everyday and get the same results, but I legitimately enjoy it so I organize my training in a way that allows me to do resistance training/lift weights every day. People say you can 'over train', but that's not simply not true, you just need to eat properly and sleep enough. I've taken a single day off in the last 4 months and I'm doing just fine.

My days usually look like this:

7am wake up

30min cardio

Meal 1

10am 1h of working out

Mid workout snack

11am 1 hour of working out + 20min of post workout cardio

Meal 2

5pm meal 3

10h pm - sleep

Rinse and repeat.  









 Personally, I just eat for survival purposes, and to improve muscular mass while maintaining body fat or vice versa, so I have what could be considered a fairly 'strict diet' by normal people's standards. I only eat things that I regard as optimal in terms of macro and micro nutrient content, and I track all my calories as best I can.  




 Yes. Phenotype is basically an organism's observable physical characteristics or traits. In this case, simply put, they simply observed the subjects' ability to burn fat via caloric restriction and other factors (such as physical activity and sleep), but diet is the only factor for which they found a difference that, they hypothesize, is based on certain genes.  




 I feel you man. The ultimate goal is to lose fat while maintaining mass and vice versa... But naturally it gets hard very quickly. It takes really on point dieting.  




 It's generally believed that eating behaviors are regulated by two pathways in the brain: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathways. When you wake up in the morning and have breakfast, this is the homeostatic pathway: your brain that you need to 'break the fast' in order to function properly throughout the day. On the other hand, when you think 'I really want to open up this bag of chips right now', this is the hedonic pathway, which are colloquially referred to as 'food cravings'. 

One of the many reasons why our society is plagued with obesity and other metabolic diseases is that people are raised without being taught the difference between the need to eat for survival purposes (that is, because you need nutrients in order for your body to produce the energy that it needs to survive), and the need to eat because of an exogenous factor, such as boredom, stress, or peer pressure. Even worse, people are taught that it's fine to reward oneself with food, or to eat as a mean of socializing with others. Combine this with the fact that most people are ignorant about the basic scientific principles behind food and eating, and it's no wonder that people are getting increasingly obese.

Another reason for cravings is having a diet that is rich in sugar and low in everything else. Foods that are rich in sugar and low in fibers and proteins have a high glycemic load, meaning they are digested extremely quickly, because they cause the body to secrete more insulin, and insulin drives nutrients into the body at a faster rate based on how much of it is produced. When your stomach is emptied out, an hormone known as ghrelin and of which the purpose is to stimulate appetite is produced, so the time food spends in your digestive system is pretty much equal to the time you feel 'full' from eating it. So with sugar rich foods, which are digested extremely quickly, you don't feel gastrically and psychologically satisfied very long. This is why you can eat an entire bar of chocolate and feel as though you hadn't eaten anything 2 hours later. 

 




 A thousand times yes. This is the one I use, and it's just perfect. Not overly complicated to use, and you can easily bring it with you anywhere you go.  




