 Just searched Google and nothing. All I found was pages calling her rocking girl. 




 -27 years old

-St. Louis, MO born   raised

-Out of work Chef

-Never been to a race in person but Daytona is on the bucket list. 




 Can you take them back please??? If you ask a majority of people here in St. Louis we want to help them pack. 




 No, I won them on listia which is basically the free version of eBay since all you do is spend credits and no cash is involved. I also only do the auctions that offer free US shipping so like it says everything was completely free. 




 STRRRRRRIKE! 




 I've received the in half envelopes inside of an envelope, in penny sleeves or top loaders in the envelope, top loader between a section of manila folder in an dnvelope, and in a top loader in a heavily tapped up USPS priority mail envelope. 









 And this shit right here is fairness??? This shit is lawlessness to a T no matter which way you twist it or whatever direction your finger points. Yet since it was a cop I bet you'll say oh it was justified. Well Thug Brown's shooting was justified too. 




 The library was privately started hence why during the initial protest they were asking for donations to keep it open. 




 No the railroad tracks are on S. Florissant separating Florissant, MO from Ferguson, MO. Only thing seperating S. Florissant from W. Florissant is residential streets. 




 Ok let's see here. Ferguson is split into two sections S. Florissant which is mostly white and W. Florissant which is mostly black. It has been that way for yeeeeeeeeears. Well when everything happened W. Florissant came to S. Florissant blocking traffic and terrorizing those neighborhoods. 

In the past 10 years S. Florissant has rebuilt itself with a library, brewery, and what not. Where as W. Florissant has stayed a Section 8 ghetto pretty much. So in reality there are two separate Fergusons . 




 Who knows. They tried justifying it calling it a celebration that the chief was resigning but they're pissed because they mayor said he isn't going anyplace. 




 I will when the whiney ass hoodrats do. Living a town over from Ferguson all my life there's a hell of a lot more wrong with that town than the city government. 




 He might want to double that amount. 




 Time to stop calling them protestors and start calling them Terrorist since they fit the definition to a T. 




 Well after the shit last night it looks like they chose anarchy. 




 Whole department should walk out and let them police themselves. I mean they don't trust the department yo begin with. 




 Was just about to post his pic. 




 As a lifelong Cardinals fan I'm really loving this break. 




 After the 5th look I've came to the conclusion that it looks gaulded as fuck. 




 Ditto 




 Same 




 Nice looking piece and great place. 




 You're new to the internet ain't ya? 




 Note to self: Go on a train ride. 




 Hence the sorta. They're still triangle but not the ones from years ago. 




 ^That reminds me of this:  http://youtu.be/XC2VGUVvvAg 




 On Monday 









 There's a recycle plant in Hazelwood also: http://www.republicservices.com 




 Yeah you'll get used to it eventually. 




 $5 on no. 




 Ok can't really justify after thinking about it but what do you say to something like that? 




 Yeah that should be lung actually. 




 Was just about to post that. Now I'm not sure if I should be sad I missed it or relieved. 




 Good place. 




 Kind of a weird feeling when you watch the news and realize you heard the aftermath of a medical helicopter crash last night on the scanner. Not long after this either the dispatcher or another pilot yelled ALL ARCH CREWS STAND DOWN. Prayers going up for the pilots friends   family. 




 Sadly more than likely yes, and I wonder if he'll take 5 for it. 




 The socks are a nice touch. 




 Well just got off the phone with AT T and they'd coming out Friday to install a new modem which I could do myself, but anyway it's $41 a month for 45Mbps. Way better than what we were paying $65 for. 




 Went to Arby's one time and was told they were out of Roast Beef. Brother went to Taco Bell one night I say 14-15 years ago and got handed a whopper out the window. 




 Blue 




 Charter digital and that won't do because my Grandma pays her bills at the beginning of the month and I pay mine in the middle. Plus she hates changes to her bill so she would flip shit with that. 




 That's what we tried to do and they wouldn't do it. 




 Needing fast and stable though. 




 Not needing two separate internet lines. Needing 2 separate bilks. 1 for TV and 1 for internet. 




 Shopping for internet since my AT T bill increased. Also checked charter but they can't do separate bills for a household with an already existing Charter account. 




 Not sure my voice can get any lower. lol 




 Mine went up $10. So looking to change service. Still have the landline though. 




 We're like a Jerry Springer type family but still a family none the less. (No, momma I loves her and I WILL marry her. I don't care if we are cousins.) :-D 




 Nice.  




 Probably already asked but TL;DR. What's going to happen to the gift exchanges? 




 Looking at that it was like an in memory thing even though she's still alive. I seriously and sincerely hope she gets her life back together one of these days. 




 Been looking at that churro one. If it's as good as the real thing I might end up buying it in bulk. lol 




 Pretty much sounds like what I'm looking for. Thanks 




 Will do and thanks. 




 Love pistachio-almond ice cream so I've been searching around for a similar flavored liquid and coming up short. Any help would be greatly appreciated. 




 Trust me on this when I say 80% of the time it's not but that other 20% oh yeah. 




 Was supposed to have a rainy weekend all weekend, but they're now calling for round 3 of Snow   Ice. St. Louis weather for ya. 




 IMO if I have to sign a release form to buy a mod it'd say to me that the shop doesn't really have confidence in what they're selling. Yes, I know in the business world it's saving your ass but in the consumer world it raises an eyebrow. 




 Please tell me they got bashed in the comments. 














 They had an art show with them at first night and I believe they were auctioned off afterwards. 




 CoCo Puffz 3mg Thanks 




 Sounds like a headline from The Onion but sadly it's not. 




 Somebody name an ejuice this and make it bacon flavored. 




 Congrats man. 




 With money being tight could seriously use this. 




 Is it ok to store eJuice in the fridge or is that a big fat no? 




 May God have mercy on your soul.

Seriously though if you've been around here for even a day you'd know the meer mention of them is filled with much hate. 




 Signed and good luck. 




 Congrats! That's great that it's helping you, and also great that your Dr.'s are informed enough to have no problem with it. 

Welcome to the sub glad to have ya. 




 Very true. 




 Holy Shiz! Common sense would tell you though that if it's making a funny sound DON'T PUT IT NEXT TO YOUR FACE. 




 *looks at pic*

Apparently not. 




 If you use it right and not be a total dumbass with it a mechmod is just as safe as any other ecig. One again granted you're not a total dumbass. 




 My bank has something like this or they used to. Here I was in my late teens early 20s sitting playing Mario kart or monkey ball. 




 He was a great guy to have around if you needed help on here. RIP man and keep making those clouds. 




 Oh nice. Thanks 




 Where's Thunderdome at in St. Louis? Never heard of it. 




 Quack's Gizzard Juice 3mg 




 Nice to see another great review on the MVP 3.0. Have it on my wishlist to buy when I get the money. 




 This is awesome!  

*clap clap clap clap clap* 




 [Bwaaah](http://gifatron.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/hank_hill_scared.gif) 




 Entering and thanks for the code. 




 They need to sell this on the site. 




 Damn it's going to look like Christmas when all this boxes come. 




 Most hardware stores sell them depending on the size you need. 




 Good thinking and I'll bring the gunpowder and lead vape just in case. 




 Yay skiddies. Used to have a field day messing with them in my teens. 




 B but I like delicious biscuits and farts. :-( lol

Key thing here is you apologized and are learning from the mistakes. 




 One of those juices you try just to say you tried it. 




 So basically like the USDA stamp saying it's safe for consumption. (As a Chef that's basically all I have to compare it to. lol) 




 Exactly this. It's all about personal preference so there's no straight answer because what's right for someone else might not be right for you. 




 Was just in the glycerin post and kept seeing comments talking about making sure it says USP on the bottle. What does USP stand for? 




 Red velvet 50/50 3mg 




 Wish I owned an iTaste MVP 3.0 and flavor I wished existed is a pistachio almond flavor. If there is one I've yet to find it. 




 *starts singing One of These Things Is Not Like The Other.* 




 What are things you can say in vaping but not about your girlfriend/wife? 




 Had no clue who these two were until the accusations posted here. The only one I usually watch is Pbusardo and that's every now and then. 




 Was 6  and had a man and woman just casually open my front door and was about to come in until they saw me sitting in the chair. They ran off and used the excuse that they wanted to see the inside of an apartment because they was going to rent one. Mom starts yelling that the leasing office is right down the street. Cops came and didn't do shit because the couple didn't enter. 




 Cats because it would explain their asshole like nature. 




 Spanish donut 3mg 50-50 please and Thanks. 




 Anything over 40 hours in a work week gets you time and a half. 




 So...we're having hipster day this season? 




 She reminds me of Bobbi Starr when she first started. 




 Mike and the rest of the Wallace family are great people. Great to see another local(Missouri) guy in the 500, and also great for him to represent the vaping community. 




