 I woke up a bit earlier this morning so that I could get to the post office when it opened at 9am. I arrived at 8:55am and there was already a bit of a line underneath the awning that read: UNITED STATES POST OFFICE. The sun was shining on NYC and the people waiting were negotiating who was last in line; preparing for the doors to open.

I was being my cheery self, offering quips like, "I wonder what I'll get!" and "the anticipation is like waiting in line for concert tickets!" and "the waiting almost makes it better, you know?" 

The lady waiting next to me told me that they would open at 10am. We waited. I read a bit from my book and listened to music. Finally, a guy came out with a clipboard. People were showing their IDs and he was taking down their first and last names. People were allowed to enter six at a time. 

I entered the building and it was a large elevator. One floor up and to my surprise it was a food pantry. I asked about the Post Office and was informed of its whereabouts half a block down the avenue. 

So, in conclusion, I stood in line with people waiting to collect food for over an hour, saying things like, "I wonder what I'll get!" and "the anticipation is like waiting in line for concert tickets!" and "the waiting almost makes it better, you know?"

Horrible only begins to describe how I feel. 









 Exactly. The pro tip here is just TRY. Also, if the jacket isn't worth the time... don't bother. 




 It was a private message -- not public. The hospitality company, not the club made good. If you wanna research the legal blah blah it's called 'bailment'

Edit: bailment* 




 LPT: Always mention weird things 



















 Friday the 13th, four leaf clovers, lucky rabbits foot... etc. 




 A Rasian in the Sun 




 Yeah, some dick cut her off. 




 So, if I work hard enough I can fulfill my dream of becoming an elephant. 














 [This song was playing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZHPOeOxQQ) 














 Everyone knows it all depends on who finishes on top. If the man cums while on top: boy. If the man cums while on bottom: girl.

Citation: common sense
 




 Henry Miller on Growing Old, the Perils of Success, and the Secret of Remaining Young at Heart 









