 I have a [Maxnomic from the same company](http://www.needforseatusa.com/computer_gaming_chair_leader_black) (which is supposedly even higher end than that chair in the pic).

I have never had buyer's remorse worse than I have with this chair.  In fact I am saving up money to replace it even though I have had it less than a year.

If you want to buy mine I'll sell it cheap but I feel bad doing that.  The chair is a massive let down.  It ticks the boxes on a list but that is about where it ends.

The cheap desk chair I got at Costco for less money was far more comfortable than this chair.

Seriously...this chair is among the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever used and, like most people, I have used a lot of different ones.

I am not kidding when I say that EVERY time I sit in this chair I regret getting it.

EDIT: I am not complaining because I got a lemon or it is broken or something.  The chair I have is as advertised and does what it is supposed to do.
 









  Here is a video which shows that a missile hit the Pentagon: http://www.veteranstoday.com/2011/08/29/911-video-of-missile-hitting-pentagon-leaked/

In that video he complains the hole is too small and there is no damage from the wings (at around 0:50).

Problem is he is looking at a punch-out hole (i.e. the plane was not going in there but coming out).  You can tell by debris in front of the hole.  The wings were of course completely stripped off by that time.

A missile would not create a neat punch-out hole like that either.  It'd just blow up.  Further, even *if* you want to think a missile flew through there no missile in the US is that big.  That hole could fit and ICBM in it.  That hole is WAY too big for a cruise missile (a Tomahawk cruise missile has [a diameter of 20.4 inches](http://www.navy.mil/navydata/fact_display.asp?cid=2200 tid=1300 ct=2)).

You can see a better picture of it in my previous link along with a description pointing out pieces of debris: http://www.rense.com/general32/phot.htm

And if it was a missile weird to have landing gear and wheels among the wreckage which can also be seen in the photos at that link.
 




 Not a whole lot of mystery here.

Look at the Germanwings crash and you see a line of wreckage.  Makes sense, the plane was moving forward when it hit causing wreckage to be strewn in a long line.

Well, that line at the Pentagon goes *through* the Pentagon itself.  All the wreckage is inside the building.  Even if the plane hit the ground outside the building (which it barely did) the pieces would be moving forward at 300+ MPH into the building.  Given the nature of the concentric rings at the Pentagon there was no way the plane would come out the other side into the center.

Further, the Pentagon had been undergoing improvements and was being hardened to better resist attack.  The plane managed to hit a part that had already been hardened.  In short, the plane going 300+ MPH got shredded passing through multiple reinforced concrete walls.

Here is eyewitness testimony and photos of the wreckage inside the Pentagon: http://www.rense.com/general32/phot.htm
 




 I object to her running unopposed.  I'd like Warren in there if for no other reason than to force Clinton into debates and make Clinton commit to policy stances.

I want an election, not a coronation.  

As an aside it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth that we may get a Bush/Clinton election.  Smacks of the presidency being hereditary.
 




 This is what Indiana is trying to accomplish.  They want to give legal cover for discrimination under the guise of religious beliefs. 









  is infringing on multiple copyright owned by my clients

The notice is poorly written making it seem dubious.

Among grammar issues there is this inconsistency:

*"...is infringing on multiple copyright owned by my clients..."*

and

*"...with the reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed."*

So who owns the copyrights?  The person writing that notice or his/her clients?

I understand it is best for you to get your own lawyer to be sure but this seems bogus (especially considering, as mentioned, you do not host any of this material). 




  What the supporters of these laws are saying is that Ollie's BBQ[2] and the Heart of Atlanta Motel[3] should have had the ability to deny service to black people back in the 1960's.

That is pretty much [exactly what some are arguing](http://www.cato.org/blog/indianas-defense-religious-liberty) although instead of coming right out and saying that they dodge and weave behind high-minded rhetoric and use the constitution for cover.
 




 If your religion prevents you from doing your job then you need to choose a different profession. 




 The B2 first flew in 1989.  Perestroika started in 1986.

I guarantee you it took longer than three years to design the B2 (in fact it was approved in 1981 and there had been considerable research into stealth aircraft even prior to that going back into the 70's).
 




 I'm going to guess you are young.

The way the US "won" the cold war versus the Soviet Union was we out spent them.  Literally.  They were always trying to play keep-up with the US so they had rough military parity.

The B2 and Star Wars among other weapon systems were simply things the Soviet Union could not afford but they tried anyway.  It lead to the collapse of the Soviet Union.

There was more to it than just that but it was a big part of it.  You can argue whether the money spent by the US was worth it or not but in a sense the B2 defeated the USSR without firing a shot.  Just the threat of it was enough to goad the Soviets into spending far more than they could support.

 




  ...this sucks for the Indiana fans who have nothing to do with this stupid-ass "religious freedom" act.

Well, they vote (or should vote).  They should work to get the creeps running the state thrown out so laws like this don't get passed.
 




 I agree. 
I know it has been said already many times.  Just adding my $0.02. 




 Yup, the smell is basically bacteria poop.

Sweat by itself has no odor.

It is worth noting that different bacteria live on different parts of your body so the smell coming from other sweaty areas (e.g. your crotch) is different than that coming from your armpits.
 




 U2 




 There have been a number of scandals recently that have plagued the Secret Service.  They used to be thought of as consummate law enforcement professionals and instead have shown shocking lapses in judgement.

- [Lawmakers investigating allegations that two senior Secret Service agents drove drunk through an active bomb threat investigation at the White House](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/24/politics/secret-service-investigation-clancy/)

- [Drug Enforcement Administration agents in Colombia who allegedly engaged in "sex parties" with prostitutes hired by local drug cartels also arranged for paid sex for at least two Secret Service agents traveling to the country to protect President Obama in 2012.](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2562119)

- [Secret Service Agents Booted From Obamas Europe Trip After Drinking](http://time.com/38093/secret-service-drinking-obama-europe/)

- [Secret Service missed man with gun in elevator with Obama](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/exclusive-secret-service-missed-man-with-gun-in-elevator-with-obama/article/2554185)
 




 At [3:07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=1ePhMj47SEY#t=187) he talks about putting roasted tomatoes on the pizza.

Call me crazy but I am pretty sure he is adding red and yellow pepper slices.

Add to that his bullshit that the pizza in New York or Chicago and he can be written off as a crap (he says there is no good pizza in America...for all our faults we do pizza better than anyone not counting Dominoes).

Yes I know he is a successful chef and restaurateur but that is a patently false statement.  Even if it is merely his personal opinion it just shows he is either full of shit or just trying to sell his pizzas (which are good too but barely deserve to be called a pizza).
 




 As you sow, so shall you reap.

That said we do not really know what the relationship is here (it may be the granddaughter is a bad person) but the assumption is grandma is getting her comeuppance.
 




 Remember that on a typical home connection your upload speeds are substantially slower than your download speeds.

For example you'll be getting 40 mbps down but 5 mbps up.

Of course those numbers are not promises so there can be a good deal of variability in them.

Now the OP said they were getting 30 kbps.  We do not know enough to get any conclusions from that.  There can be myriad reasons for that speed.

Make no mistake, I am no fan of Comcast but there is little reason to suppose they are blocking you.  

I use Comcast and I actually do a lot of uploading for various reasons and I regularly check the speeds.  Comcast is delivering what they promise (for me at least).

That does not mean you aren't having problems or that Comcast is dealing fairly with you.  It just means consider alternative possibilities.

 




 The US has an extradition treaty with Italy so the chances are very good she would get extradited.  It is not enough for the US to just disagree with a verdict.  

It is possible the US may try to prevent that on human rights grounds suggesting Italy's prisons are so bad putting her in one would violate her human rights but that is a reach and it is unclear whether the US would want to go that far. 




 32-bit systems can only address 2^32 bits of RAM (about 4GB).  That is total memory in the whole system (video card, RAM mainly but whatever else too).  So, if your video card had 1GB of VRAM then your system was left with 3GB of RAM that could be accessed regardless of how much was installed.

a 64-bit system can address 2^64 bits of RAM.  In theory that comes to 18.2 exabytes of data but in practice it is less than that. 




 The one downside to this is the small amount made per go (enough for two dishes give or take).  Usually not a problem though unless you are cooking for a lot of people.  

Perhaps the amounts can be increased for a larger batch but I have not tried that.  If anyone has let us know how it went.
 




 Thanks.

This is easily my favorite cooking "trick".  I had wrestled with Hollandaise in the past.  This method is awesome and really works (just be sure your butter is the right temp and pour in to the mixer slowly).

SO spent the night and you want to wow him/her with breakfast in bed?  This technique will certainly help.
 




 Could this be any less colorful if they tried?

Mechanics seem interesting but there is more to a game than a gimmick.
 














 I smoked for 25+ years.  I quit cold turkey two years ago and have not had one since.

If I was there I'd definitely ask her for a cigarette.   




 Great video.  Always enjoy these.

Surprised he didn't mention the ultimate Gatling gun though.  The [GAU-8 Avenger](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/GAU-8_meets_VW_Type_1.jpg) on the A10 Warthog.  It's even [been in video games](http://www.amazon.com/A-10C-Warthog-PC/dp/B005KQ99O2) so would fit with his theme.

Also it has seven barrels instead of three or six. 




  Cherry-picking or not, the people interviewed are people participating in these protests and do represent a segment of the protestors.

You cannot hand wave this away though.

The issue is a group (in this case True Revolt) is trying to paint a picture that all black people in Ferguson are aggressive.  It is in the title, "Black community's feelings on white people in Ferguson".  This is not "black people's feelings".  This is a few idiot's feelings and there are some to be found in any crowd.

If you keep asking enough people questions you will get a handful of crazy...welcome to the world.  To then drop all the reasonable answers and compile the crazy answers and then post it as how a community feels is incredibly deceptive and dishonest.  More than that it is trying to aggravate and motivate people against that group through dishonesty.

So are there some black people in Ferguson who are seriously pissed off?  Sure!  Of Course!  It should come as no surprise to anyone.

Do those firebrands represent the community?  No.  They do not.

Trying to portray the whole in a bad light because someone cherry picked a few bad apples is bigotry writ large.
 




 I am not sure what you mean by "useless".

Tutorials are meant to familiarize the player with the game's mechanics.  After that it is up to the player to learn the game on their own.  Usually the game starts off relatively easy to allow for the learning curve.

What else would you want? 




 Inside you may be wearing less or lighter clothing.  You also may be more sedentary when inside (e.g. sitting and working on your computer).

Outside you are more likely to be wearing heavier, weather appropriate clothing and more likely to be active (walking somewhere) which generates body heat.

Additionally, radiant heat if the sun is shining on you can warm you.  Stand in the shade on a 65F day and you will likely feel it to be much cooler than in the sun. 




 Has no one taken note of who produced this video?  There is a distinct air of cherry picking in the video.  A little work shows us that [Truth Revolt](http://www.truthrevolt.org/) is a project of the David Horowitz Freedom Center which is a far right organization distinctly hostile towards African Americans.

The Southern Poverty Law Center's Hatewatch blog has described it as a far-right organization.[6]

Chip Berlet, writing for the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) accused Horowitz of blaming slavery on "'black Africans ... abetted by dark-skinned Arabs'" and of "attack[ing] minority 'demands for special treatment' as 'only necessary because some blacks can't seem to locate the ladder of opportunity within reach of others,' rejecting the idea that they could be the victims of lingering racism."[22] Responding with an open letter to Morris Dees, president of the SPLC, Horowitz stated that his reminder that the slaves transported to America were bought from African and Arab slavers was a response to demands that only whites pay blacks reparations, not to hold Africans and Arabs solely responsible for slavery, and that the statement that he had denied lingering racism was "a calculated and carefully constructed lie." The letter said that Berlet's work was "so tendentious, so filled with transparent misrepresentations and smears that if you continue to post the report you will create for your Southern Poverty Law Center a well-earned reputation as a hate group itself."[23] The SPLC replied that they stood by the accuracy of the report,[24] and subsequent critical pieces on Berlet and the SPLC have been featured on Horowitz's website and personal blog.[25][26]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Horowitz_Freedom_Center#Criticism)

These videos are heavily edited.  You can make it seem that [Americans don't read books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yiCyjRgXw0) with these sorts of videos.  They are edited in a way that cherry picks to desired responses and everything else hits the cutting room floor.

 




 I'm with you.

For 2015 this looks like shit.  I mean really, horribly, terribly like shit.  I would expect this in 2000.  Everything about it screams half-assed, cashing in on a name.  The graphics are astonishingly and astoundingly bad.  Something I'd expect from an 8th grader just staring out learning 3D animation.

Don't get me wrong.  I loved Carmageddon waaay back in the day but this seems to not improve a thing and it's been 17+ years.  There is HUGE potential for this game but this just squanders the whole thing.  Like some guys phoned it in and hoping for a paycheck before people realize they didn't do shit.
 




 ...left people clambering for a replacement.

I know we shouldn't be pedantic about this stuff here but honestly trying to help and I think in this case it is worthwhile.

The word you wanted is "clamoring" and not "clambering".

Clambering = To Climb

Clamoring = To shout loudly/vehemently

That said I was not confused for a moment about what you meant and I agree with you.
 




 Russia did sell their nukes...to the US.

For the past two decades, 10 percent of all the electricity consumed in the United States has come from Russian nuclear warheads. 

It was all part of a deal struck at the end of the Cold War. That deal wraps up today, when the final shipment of fuel arrives at a U.S. facility.[SOURCE](http://www.npr.org/2013/12/11/250007526/megatons-to-megawatts-russian-warheads-fuel-u-s-power-plants)

The program was called [Megatons to Megawatts.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatons_to_Megawatts_Program)  

Despite treaties there was real worry of Soviet era nukes finding their way on to the black market.  The Russians were not exactly on top of the situation and there were a lot of disaffected Soviet era scientists and military types and such that were out of work and might have nabbed some nukes to sell given the chance.   




  The production costs of the F-35 are almost exactly the same as the Eurofighter ($100 million each, approx), except:

Err...not really.

A single Air Force F-35A costs a whopping $148 million. One Marine Corps F-35B costs an unbelievable $251 million. A lone Navy F-35C costs a mind-boggling $337 million. Average the three models together, and a generic F-35 costs $178 million.

It gets worse. These are just the production costs. Additional expenses for research, development, test and evaluation are not included. The dollars are 2015 dollars. This data was just released by the Senate Appropriations Committee in its [report](http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/cpquery/R?cp113:FLD010:@1%28sr211%29) for the Pentagons 2015 appropriations bill. [SOURCE](https://medium.com/war-is-boring/how-much-does-an-f-35-actually-cost-21f95d239398) 




 Considering you could get two 980's and run them in SLI for only a bit more money (extra $140 give or take) the 980 will give you far better bang for the buck.

HOWEVER:  If you do video editing in a big way then the Titan is the way to go.  Video rendering programs like Adobe's products will not take advantage of SLI.  As a result a fast, single card is the way to go.

You can see it in the Titan's specs.  12GB of VRAM is massive, massive overkill for games.  You'll never come close to using it in a game for the life of the card if you bought it today.  The VRAM is there for video editing.

This card is really meant to be a single card solution for people who want to do fairly serious video editing and play some games when they are done.

If you want a card for gaming a 980 or 980 in SLI will be a better buy.  If you want serious video editing (real serious) get a Quadro card.  Will not be good for games though.  Want both get a Titan. 




 I saw this whole episode and interestingly everything has its price.

In the case of owls they bought their stealth at the expense of waterproofing.  Their feathers do not shed water.  They get soaked instead.  As a result owls are grounded when it rains.  If the rains continue a long time that can become a real problem for them.
 




 Not sure why but the link in the OP now goes nowhere.

Here is the same story:  http://news.yahoo.com/france-aims-criminalize-advertising-anorexic-models-155422346.html
 









  Also, if we started jailing witnesses for giving testimony that doesn't match the facts, who in their right mind is going to come forward as a witness?

While no one may voluntarily testify under those circumstances the court can and does regularly issue subpoenas compelling someone's testimony.
 




 You can "tut-tut" them for their poor queuing skills (the British being world champs when it comes to queuing).
 




 Nah.

Things are worth what people will pay for it.   




 I have **never** had a cable repair guy come to work on my connections who knew more than I did.  I have **never** called cable tech support and dealt with a person who knew more than I did.

And I say that noting my networking skills are pretty good but not exceptional.

Their workers are trained to put the square peg in the square hole.  If that doesn't work they are lost and will invariably blame it on something else or blame it on you.

I once had very intermittent and slow connection speeds.  Over the course of three months I had five or six techs out to see the problem.  They ALL saw the problem.  They ALL agreed it was not my fault.  They ALL agreed I should be getting a substantially better connection yet NOT ONE ever resolved the problem (that was on DSL...switched to cable).
 




 The commodities market is a price discovery mechanism.

If you do not do it that way how do you figure the price of a barrel of oil?  It'd be a mess and certainly more expensive than it is when on the open market.

 




 The actual rebuttal to this proposal is if you make it so women face (say) 35 years for falsely accusing a man of rape then women will almost never come forward and admit they lied in the first place.

It is hard enough to get a woman to admit to falsely accusing someone.  If she faces a harsh prison sentence she'll swear to her grave the guy did it.

So sure, you will catch some false accusers with no admission from them but a helluva lot more guys will rot in jail for 35 years instead of 19 months.

Which is worse?  Woman admits to lying and guy falsely accused goes free or you stick it to the liars and most men falsely accused get to rot in jail for the rest of their lives?

tl;dr Careful what you wish for.  You just might get it.
 




 Actually the open market is the most efficient way to price commodities.  




 Part of the reason it amounts to a regressive tax on the poor. 




 More a history than current politics but very interesting (I think) and certainly explains some things today.
 









 He mentions he Alienware gave him a good deal on the system.  So, while maybe not free for him there was some promotional consideration. At a guess (if those are GTX980s he has) that system retails for $4000.

No question it is a nice machine but that price is stupendously expensive.  Joe says building your own PC might save you a few hundred dollars.  I am willing to bet you could save $1500 and build a machine just as good.
 









 I am pretty sure if you do a chargeback with Steam they ban you for life.  I *think* you can keep playing the games you already bought but that is it (not positive about that).
 




 Why did this get downvoted?

Did the OP rip off the idea from someone else and I missed it?

Sometimes (often) Reddit confuses me. 




 Have you ever had sex with a woman?

It tends to be moist and slippery in there (assuming she is turned on).

Lube helps replicate that feeling.

There is a reason [Fleshlight's use lube](https://www.fleshlight.com/lube-and-care/) (NSFW) and it has nothing whatsoever to do with being circumcised or not.

Same idea with your hand and lube.

That said not everyone uses it.  Personal choice but it has little to nothing to do with circumcision.
 




 I'd buy a couple (preferably from OP).
 




 If games go this way this could revitalize brick   mortar game shops.

People who cannot download the game in a reasonable time or are stuck with data caps could go to a store, buy the game and take it home on a thumb drive.  

You could either buy your own thumb drive to use for this or the game store could loan it to you (with a suitable deposit and/or fee).  As long as they were reasonably cool about it and didn't try to rape people for the "service" in fees it may well be a means to get people back to the shops.
 




 Someone needs to send them copies of The Hindenburg movie.
 




 Sysadmin here.

Not sure where you work but in my world of Windows PCs everything runs fine.  Everything runs as it should.  I can't remember the last time anything crashed (I really can't).  Had one PC six months ago that was inexplicably slow, re-installed the OS (after other trouble shooting didn't work) and everything was fine again.

It is a regular part of my job to evaluate new software and hardware for our business and so far everything has run fine (the product may not have delivered what we wanted but had no troubles getting it to run).  Well...once I had to go find some DLLs for some software but that is about it.

You need to talk to your system administrator and have a long talk with them.  Sounds like they are dropping the ball bad where you work. 




 That's not why they use lube. 




 The mom agreed to the procedure two years ago then decided to go all drama queen about it and fight it.

No one is considering the trauma all this drama is having on the kid who is now on the run in a shelter with his mom but hey...as long as she avoids the circumcision for the kid it's all good because nothing could be worse than being circumcised.
 




 Here is a good review of the game that notes its strong points and shortcomings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR_WZVk58ZI

While it lacks a few things SimCity has overall it has it where it counts and, in my view, is superior almost across the board.  That and the asking price of $30 makes it a must buy.  Unless you dislike the genre (it is more sim than game) it is hard to go wrong with this.

Bonus: It runs buttery smooth.  I have not yet built a huge metropolis but so far not a frame rate drop worth mentioning or crash in sight.  Seems rock solid.
 




 What SimCity should have been and $30 for it makes it a no brainer.

Bought it as soon as reviews were out and I saw the price and happy to give them my money.

EA can go pound sand.
 




 It *may* be a balance issue but I'd be willing to bet most times it is done to meet framerate marks.  If less stuff is being drawn on the screen they can say it runs at 60 FPS and put that in marketing materials.

I am a person who gets nauseated/headache at low FOV settings.  It is literally intolerable for me to play those games.
 









 [Harold   Maude.](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/harold_and_maude/)  

Yeah, it is about depression in a way but it is hilarious and makes depression funny.  There's more but would be spoilers.  Do yourself a favor and watch the movie.
 




 He implies a reduction in lending is proof that the bailouts didn't have a positive impact on the economy. However, the relevant part is how lending developed relative to what would have happened without the bail-out. That makes me question the accuracy of the rest of the claims there.

Is the economy "better"?

On paper it certainly is.  Thing is the Fed absorbed all the toxic assets from the banks.  Basically removed the crap debt from the bank's balance sheet to the Fed which = taxpayers.  The American public now has the crap debt and cannot really get rid of it.  All that crap is still there, it hasn't gone away.

More risk free investing for banks.  Basically invest in high risk, high return vehicles and when it all goes to shit unload the debt on the government because you are TBTF.

They privatized profit and socialized risk.  Neat trick.
 




 He is right.  Discount window are overnight loans.  Basically Bank-X is short money because while it loaned out X-dollars it has not collected enough to cover it.  The bank on paper may have IOUs (e.g. checks) that says it has the money to cover everything but the transfers have not happened yet.  The bank then takes an overnight loan from the Fed to cover everything.

This is normal and usual business practices.  Nothing creepy or untoward about it.  I mistakenly said the discount window.  That said the Fed DOES loan banks money in other fashions apart from the discount window and the banks do get sweetheart deals.
 




 Here is some further detail (article is from 2011 so "newly-released" isn't accurate anymore):

A newly-released study from the Congressional Research Service bolsters claims that the nation's largest banks profited off the Federal Reserve's financial crisis-era programs by borrowing cash for next to nothing, then lending it back to the federal government at substantially higher rates.

The report reinforces long-held beliefs that the banking system in essence engaged in taxpayer-financed arbitrage: They got money for free, then lent it back to Uncle Sam while collecting juicy returns. Left out of the equation are the millions of everyday borrowers, like households and small businesses, who were unable to secure loans needed to tide them over until the crisis ended. [SOURCE](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/26/fed-lending-helped-wall-street_n_853884.html)
 




  Personally, I've been arguing for a decade that the best solution is for the federal government to just print the money rather than pretend to borrow it.

This results in inflation.  Witness Zimbabwe which did this.  You can now buy $100 trillion (yes, trillion with a "t") Zimbabwean bank notes on Amazon for about $40.  ([kidjanot](http://www.amazon.com/s/?ie=UTF8 keywords=100+trillion+dollar+zimbabwe tag=googhydr-20 index=aps hvadid=31590361237 hvpos=1t1 hvexid= hvnetw=g hvrand=11723665018106217136 hvpone= hvptwo= hvqmt=b hvdev=c ref=pd_sl_4ckt965o83_b))

Post WWI in the Weimar Republic in Germany they had so much debt (war reparations) they started printing money willy-nilly.  This spurred hyper-inflation.  The exchange rate got to 4,210,500,000,000 German marks/US dollar. 

The Fed can and does print money to some extent but they have to be very careful about that.   




 It is a backhanded subsidy.

The really big banks get lower interest rates when they borrow money.  They can go to the Fed discount window and borrow money from the federal government on a short-term basis.  The current interest rate at the Fed window is 0.75% (I think).

They then take that money and buy federal T-Bills or Bonds.  Those instruments have a higher interest rate than 0.75% which means, basically, free no-risk money for the banks.

Essentially the banks borrow money from the government at a low interest rate then loan the money back to the government at a higher interest rate.  Only the big banks can do this.  You, me and community banks aren't allowed. 




 From what I have read she has not violated a law.  The laws were tightened up and it would be illegal now but wasn't when she did this.

Still shitty of her and an astonishingly bad move on her part.  I am not surprised people in her position want to do it this way but amazed she was dumb enough to do it.  I thought she was more politically savvy than that. 




 While they are both amazing I think Ricky Jay is more impressive with the [card tricks.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LYjMHzQ_oU)

There are moments in Lennart's act where I suspect he is doing "something".  Some slight-of-hand.  I have no clue what he is doing and it is still impressive but I never see that with Ricky Jay.
 




 For me it was G-Sync. 




 The ELI5 answer is Libertarians believe government should be as small as possible and individual rights should be as broad as possible.

This does not mean no government nor does it mean unlimited individual rights.

The merits of this system (as with any political system) are of course open to much debate.
 




 This is wrong on several levels.

- A server does not ask you a question.
- There is not a "super rare" chance to get a Bitcoin.  If you are the first to solve the problem you get the bitcoin.
- Confirmation of transactions is a whole separate thing from mining bitcoins.  That gets into how bitcoins are used.
- If you get a bitcoin it does not go to a "mining computer".  EVERYONE who participates in bitcoin transactions has a complete copy of all bitcoin transactions ever made.  A transaction is deemed ok when enough of these bitcoin wallets agree it has happened.  
- There is no server rewarding you for anything.
 




 GPUs are specialized hardware.  

Think of your CPU as a small room with a handful of scientists in it.  They can complete almost any task you give them.  They are very versatile.

A GPU is more akin to a really big room filled with dumb people.  They cannot do complex tasks but can do simple ones.  For instance, add 1 to the number you get and pass it to the next guy.  Sure the scientists could do it but there are not a lot of them.  The room filled with dummies all doing one simple task repeatedly is much faster than the scientists would be.

This massively parallel computing is well suited to particular tasks.  Mining for a bitcoin is one such task that leverages the strength of a GPU.  A GPU is much, much faster than a CPU at doing this sort of problem solving.

That said bitcoin mining on a home PC is pretty much useless these days.  Dedicated bitcoin mining shops are in operation that use hundreds or even thousands of computers using custom built hardware.  Your lone PC doesn't stand a chance and in fact you'd lose money since a PC working that hard draws a fair amount of electricity which you will have to pay for.
 




 To generate ("mine") a bitcoin your computer needs to find a solution to a particularly difficult math problem.  The problem is a cryptographic problem so the only way to get a solution is to repeatedly try many solutions till it finds one that works.  Once one is found it is registered with the bitcoin network.  Everyone who has a bitcoin wallet on their computer will verify the new bitcoin add the new bitcoin to the list.

Once a bitcoin is mined the math problem becomes even more complex for the next iteration and so on.  In this manner the rate at which bitcoins are "found" is regulated to a predictable schedule.

Mining bitcoins has long since passed out of the realm of desktop computers.  There are dedicated bitcoin setups out there that leverage the use of hundreds or even thousands of computers.  Your home PC simply cannot compete.
 




 Yes, Comcast would like to do this.  This is what Net Neutrality prevents.

And yes, Netflix uses a lot of bandwidth BUT you are already paying Comcast for that bandwidth.  You are buying (say) a 50/10 connection from Comcast.  What does it matter what data you pull through that connection?  You are *already paying for it*.

Further, Netflix pays for massive data connections to their server rooms.  No one is getting a free ride here.  Comcast just wants to charge Netflix extra because they can.  Comcast is not providing anything extra.  Just for a price they agree to not slow them down.

Comcast is trying to hold Netflix over a barrel because Comcast controls the last mile (basically the connection to customers' homes).  They want to act as a gatekeeper deciding what data gets through and what doesn't (or what data gets delayed and slowed down).

So, for instance, Comcast owns NBC.  They decide to stream NBC content and full speed.  ABC?  CBS?  TBS?  They can all get slowed down OR pay money to Comcast to be allowed through.


 




 The remarkable thing is how good her feathers are for insulation.  She is warm yet the snow on her is not melting.

Wish the insulation in my house did as well.   




 The first words in that article:

Lasers have staggering range...

No they don't.  You can stop reading right there.  Lasers have shit range. A mile, as stated in the article, is not "staggering range" in anyone's book unless you are talking about man portable weapons (and sniper rifles can do that).  This cannot be man-portable.

They don't show you how big the laser is but a generator capable of producing the [30 kilowatts of power](http://www.techtimes.com/articles/37463/20150305/lockheed-martins-athena-laser-can-disable-vehicles-a-mile-away.htm) it takes to run this [weighs in at around 1000 pounds.](http://www.norwall.com/products/Generac-Commercial-30kW-1.5L-%28Steel%29-208V-3-Phase.html)

Don't get me wrong, it is cool as hell.  Just saying Engadget needs a writer with a clue.
 














 Why waste time ranting on and on about the shortcomings of a game that is generally viewed as terrible or that you didn't enjoy.

Because game developers/publishers seems to be adopting a model of game design that is increasingly about how to maximize getting money out of your pocket rather than making good games.

Making games shorter, selling more DLC, being more cookie-cutter than fresh and new (putting out the n^th sequel) and emphasis on flash over substance like a Michael Bay movie...the list is long.

As long as they can make money doing this they will keep doing it.  I do not know who is all buying these games because apparently they never read reviews.
 




 Aside from that it was pretty generic as far as shooters go.

Define a "generic" shooter?

I am not trying to be snarky.  I am genuinely curious (really).  

What made this one a generic shooter?  What are examples of non-generic (and presumably good) shooters? 




 Iran doesn't get to decide this for itself.  Eisenhower started the Atoms for Peace program under which various states would be given a nuclear reactor by the US for power production.  These states otherwise would not be able to build one of their own.

As part of this deal they signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons:

Iran is a party to the NPT but was found in non-compliance with its NPT safeguards agreement and the status of its nuclear program remains in dispute. In November 2003 IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei reported that Iran had repeatedly and over an extended period failed to meet its safeguards obligations, including by failing to declare its uranium enrichment program. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_on_the_Non-Proliferation_of_Nuclear_Weapons#Iran) 









 Not seeing it.

Black hair = pointy chin

Red hair = broad chin

Black hair = broad bridge of the nose

Red hair = thin bridge of the nose

Black hair = full lips

Red hair = thin lips

And of course all the other stuff like skin tone, hair, eye color and so on.

I am not seeing anything near a close resemblance on any level.  I would swear they have different fathers (is that technically possible with humans "twins"?).
 




 The solution is obvious.

Whether you want to go there only you can decide.

I've been where you are.  I suspect no amount of advice will help.  You have to learn the hard and painful way till you find someone who does treat you right.  Then you'll wonder what the fuck you were thinking.

Then you'll come to Reddit and give the same sage advice to the next tortured soul and they'll ignore you too.

Some things I think have to be experienced to really be learned.  Painful as it may be.

Keep the faith.  The person for you is out there and chances are you'll find each other someday.
 









 You've got it wrong.

Do the things you do because you *want* to do them for the other person.  Do them expecting nothing in return.

If your SO does not treat you they way you want to be treated then you need to have a long talk or you need to break up.

Making lists of who did what and comparing them and getting mad that things are lopsided is a recipe for disaster.
 




 Repetition.

If you have a list to remember (say vocabulary words for a foreign language) don't try and cram the night before the test.  Make a list of ten or twenty and read them everyday.  Don't "try" to commit them to memory.  Just read them once or twice a day, every day.  You'll start to remember them naturally.

If it is math then do a handful of a given set of math problems every day and solve them.  Rinse and repeat.

Read five pages of your history book then re-read those pages the next day.  And so on...

This way it barely feels like work and you absorb the material better.

Adjust as necessary to meet your workload.
 




 Partially true.

Betamax had superior video and audio to VHS but Sony monopolized it so there was very little variation in models and features and it was a lot more expensive than VHS. 




 If that is so serves them right.

They could have stood with the teachers but chose not to.

They'll get what's coming to them when there is no one left.
 




 My sister and I were a classic sibling rivalry.

When we grew up and she got married and had kids my guiding light for gifts for my niece and nephews was shit that made noise.

Sometimes you've gotta play the long game...
 




 This is one of the reasons I love Reddit.  People dropping in and filling in the blanks.  Wish I could give more upvotes. 




 What is interesting is the ONE union he has no problem with is the police union.

He knows he needs someone to protect him when the public has had enough and decides to camp out on his lawn.
 




 I did that but without micro they managed to get in front of the asteroids again.

I just sucked it up and moved on.   




 Dunno why but wish I could upvote this more than once. 




 I shouldn't laugh but I did.
 




 If you want to be a pedant (which I will) they got her name wrong.  To be fair most everyone does and it seems she just gave up the fight and rolls with it.

Her last name is pronounced "Thron". (Like "Tron" but with that "h" in there.  It's South African so comes from/pronounced in(?) Afrikaans.)

Don't take my word for it.  [Take hers.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3TTi_gAS5c) 

EDIT to add: Hearing her talk in Afrikaans makes her even more sexy which is quite an achievement.  Also, Piers Morgan who is interviewing her in that clip is a doofus (to put it mildly...there is one Brit I wish stayed in Great Britain).
 




 While not quite the same thing I remember something similar with my nephew.

I think he was four or five when his parents figured out he had a semi-severe vision problem.  He wasn't blind but his vision was really poor.

They took him to get glasses (and these were coke-bottle type glasses...very thick).  On the ride home they said his eyes were wide and he was silent.  Just staring at a world he had never really seen before.

I wish they had videoed it but sounds like the look on this kid's face.  Just that "whoa!" moment.
 




 OP wants the [Death Blossom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=MLNvUsTBGyE#t=118)

(you young people missed all the good movies) 




 I played Homeworld when it came out and it remains one of my top five games of all time.  While there is no doubt Gearbox did a smashing job on the re-master my feelings for the game are those of someone who played and enjoyed it 16 years ago.

I am curious how those new to the game see it.  Is it all it's cracked up to be or something less? 




 Had a 12 hour flight home about a month ago, bumped into this random badass russian dude in the airport in the smoking section whom I bummed a cigarette off of.

Was it [The Machine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHfroJBMlVM)?


 




 When you are ten one year is 1/10 of your life (10%).

When you are fifty one year is 1/50 of your life (2%).
 




 There is nothing new or unusual about federal regulations preempting state law.  That said it is a point of regular contention in the courts over the years.

All that is to say it is neither automatically right or wrong.   




 Awesome.  Now it goes to yet more litigation.  Hopefully it'll win there too.
 




 My PC was just re-built a week ago, fresh install of everything. 8GB RAM, GTX-980, game runs silky smooth.

On Mission #4 I am getting a crash.  It happens different times but always a ways in (after the Bentusi).  Usually (it seems) as I capture Ion frigates.

Getting annoying because I cannot seem to get past this mission with that crash.  Guess I have to save scum to do it.
 




 Yes.  Update.  At least it sure seemed that way to me.
 




 Yeah, download the DLC (which came with your purchase...it's the original games) to play the campaign.
 




 I installed the game via Steam as normal and immediately jumped in.  I had no problems but decided I wanted to play with headphones on so I exited the game, setup my headphones for surround sound awesome and went back in.  

Steam then downloaded another few hundred meg update.  Dunno what it is but it's there.  Probably worth doing before you get too far.  It is not very big so shouldn't take too long.
 




 I forgot to do that :/

Fortunately I have a fast broadband connection so not too painful but still... 




 This is one of those special games that just sticks with you.

Hope you enjoy it as much as I did (I suspect you will). 




 If you ordered the collector's edition and have not received the box yet Gearbox is will try to help you: https://gearboxsoftware.zendesk.com/entries/62587454-Amazon-Collector-s-Edition-Not-Delivered-by-Feb-25
 




 I remember having to slowly plink away at one ship at a time, retreat, repair and do it again.  Took me hours. 




 I'm excited for a new generation of gamers to get to play and experience the Homeworld games.

As has been stated many times (here and elsewhere) Homeworld, despite being over 15 years old, holds up remarkably well.  It simply has not been equaled in all that time and remains a high water mark for the RTS genre both in its gameplay and outstanding story all delivered with a high polish.

To those wondering if it is worth your money I would say definitely.  You really cannot go wrong unless you simply do not like the genre itself.  If you do like this genre this is one of the all time best.
 




 Do yourself a favor and play this.  Unless you just hate the genre this is a great game.  For me this is in my all-time top five favorite games.  For years I would go to GOG in hopes of finding it on there.  It really is outstanding.  

I sincerely hope this does well and they consider doing Homeworld 3 (or re-building Cataclysm from scratch).  Whatever...we just could use more of this.  Sadly the actor who did the cut scene narration and Bentusi (Campbell Lane) passed away so he'll be missed in any new Homeworld game.  He really helped set the feel/tone for the game.
 




 Lawyers are way ahead of you:

- [Nvidia hit with class-action lawsuit over graphics card RAM issues](http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/02/nvidia-hit-with-class-action-lawsuit-over-graphics-card-ram-issues/) 




 We've recently been cruising the http://www.meetup.com website and gone to a few gatherings.  Were they the "best" date ever?  No.  But they were different and so far they have been fun.  With a little time I think they could be great fun.  (Meet new friends too)

EDIT:  To the OP - Do you live in a big city or small city or the country?  Your options are limited by your location.  For instance I live in Chicago.  Taking her mountain climbing really isn't going to happen. 




 I *think* [Tantric Sex](http://www.askmen.com/dating/love_tip/43_love_tip.html) might be a start but there is a lot of mysticism wrapped up in it.  So much so I hate pointing anyone at this but some swear by it and it seems it might be something for you.  

Remember though your partner may or may not be on board so keep that in mind. 




 Eat vegetables.
 




 Nitpick:  1.5 years but yeah, bullshit.

The game was supposedly [built in parallel and not a port](http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/2swhgj/is_gta_v_pc_a_port_or_a_parallel/) but even if it wasn't I thought the new "next gen" hardware was supposed to be close to a PC in a box so as to make cross-platform programming a breeze.

I figured the delay of 1.5 years was to milk the hell out of the console market and then sell it on the PC market because let's face it, few would buy the console version if they had a quality PC version to get instead.

This delay of a month I doubt is to refine the "port" any more.  They'd have had to have been asleep at the wheel for over a year for that to happen.  It was probably ready to go a few months after the console release.

My guess is the game market for the PS4/XBone sucks.  There precious few killer games for those systems.  Nearly everything has been a let down.  As a result sales for GTA5 have remained stronger than they expected since it is probably still the most worthwhile game to get for those systems.

They figure they can make more money delaying the PC release.  It'll wait and make them lots of $$$ even another month late.  Best to milk the next gen market awhile longer.
 




 Me too.

Weirdest release time I have ever seen.  Usually releases happen on Tuesdays and usually unlocks at midnight EST (New York time).

This is weirdly random. 




 Also, there are a HELL of a lot of people who don't give a shit that it's supposedly only 6 hours long. Myself included. I'd be happy with a shorter narrative game that looks beautiful. I already have a backlog that's longer than I want to even think about. I don't need another ridiculously long game to add to that.

So for their next title you'll be even happier with a four hour game that is two hours of cut scenes and two hours of quicktime event gameplay as long as it looks good?

How low can they go before you you think $60 is too much? (honest question)

And how big of a backlog can you have on your PS4?  (honest question) 




 The silver truck is clearly spinning his wheels.  I do not think traction control would let that happen. 




 Here's something more straightforward.

Doom came out in 1993 and of course computer gaming has been on the rise since then.

[Violent crimes in the US peaked in 1994 and have plummeted since then.](http://slatestarcodex.com/blog_images/crime_rate.gif)

Correlation does not equal causation but if people want to say that computer games increase violence then they need to find something that has pushed crime down despite the (supposed) upward pressure from computer games.
 




 ...if I could find a group of non swearing teens maybe she would be ok with that.

Non-swearing teen gamers? Good luck with that.  Easily the most foul mouthed group I have ever come across and it's not even clever swearing.  It is more a diarrhea of the mouth kind of swearing.  

I suggest you use a gaming headset (built in mic) so she can't hear what's going on.  You can refrain from swearing (so she won't hear you).

And, while you seem to enjoy the shooty games, there are lots of awesome non-shooty/blood magic games out there. 

EDIT:  Back in the day (i.e. when computer gaming was still a new thing) there were "boss keys" built in to games.  When the boss came around (or in your case mom/dad) you'd hit the boss key and the game would pause and put up a spreasheet on the screen.

Quite handy that.

Maybe keep MS-Word running in the background with a partially completed paper then ALT-Tab when they come by.  You have to be fast and of course it won't save/pause your game but you do what you can.
 




 So what did [Stuxnet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet) target?
 




 Tires are certainly a part of it.

Traction control would be even better (not sure if either has it).

It could be the driver in the black truck is better.  The silver truck spins its wheels, black truck seems to carefully put on power and maintain traction.  Once the silver truck spins its wheels they've pretty much lost.
 




 I don't understand why people like Destiny or other games like it, but obviously lots do. 

My theory is there is precious little else for them to play.  The nextgen consoles (at least the PS4/Xbone) have yet to deliver anything really compelling.  There just is not a lot else demanding their time.   




 Looks like a real life Dr. Seuss character.

 




 i7-930 here and still works like a charm.  I recently replaced my AMD 7970 for a 980 for G-Sync.  Can't decide if I need to update the CPU.  Seems to still get the job done.
 




 I recently bought a 980 for G-Sync but till that used AMD cards.  They all worked great with one minor issue with a Total War game that took the devs months to sort out.  Other than that flawless and game performance was excellent.

But yeah, my last card (7970) would *literally* heat my room in winter (I had to cover up my vents and I live in Chicago so yeah, gets cold here).  Kidjanot.

EDIT:  AMD's points system for playing games that would get you discounts on games and hardware was a joke though.  I play a lot of games and barely racked up points and the "deals" were barely deals at all.  Since it just sort of happened in the background it didn't really matter but it actually pissed me off more than made me happy because it was so much BS.
 




