 Is it that different than america?  If you can't pay the right price, you are left to die for lack of medical care 




 You're acting as if the EU and federalization is a good thing


It isn't.  




 This could be fodder for a Brexit as well 




 Anti EU sentiment.  





























 \During a concert in 2001 some members of the audience made Hitler salutes. The band stopped playing to make clear that they did not want to be seen playing for Nazis. 



















 Honestly divorce him and don't help your kids with college. 


The kids can get loans.  




 Moving animu rapidly through atlanta? 




 His memes have gone septic 




 Especially the more prominent dr who fandom since the relaunch in 2005. It has been the domain of legbeards for a while.  




 Are you from scandinavia? 









 This is like Hitler buying stock in Comcast 




 Is he... Filipino or Mexican?

It is so mysterious... 




 1. It is a plug in, and is probably adequate for most short commuters

2. It is already an 18 percentage point jump in a year 




 Dr rachel maddow?  She didn't get her phd. 

She worked on it for a few years but never finished her dissertation 




 YUM 




 I get it. It just makes it less interesting from a layperson's view. I dont know him 




 I almost cut myself on that edge.  




 Learn english and foreign language while you can and ehead to greener pastures. There is no shame in that. 


A plane ticket, even to us/canada is only 1k euro or less. You could take the bus to UK/France/Germany if need be.  




 They are chearinf without alaska, PR, hawaii, guam and the like. Usvi.  




 Not to prod but scale?  I don't see any y axis values.  




 It isn't black!  Vinegar wipe and you're golden pony boy! 




 Why do you discount facts and figures?  Should we not look for truth in facts?

How could there be anything that is true but not in fact?


Both california and texas have a c on the infrastructure scorecard


http://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/states/
 




 They are fatcats 




 Its too crowded 




 Mdr. On ne faut pas attendre chaque manif @ votre l'ecole!

 




 Do you even speak french? 




 Because they have no state tax. It is net taxation that matters, not the method 




 One person's stereotypes are not good data.  




 Progressive paradise right? 




 We are in a TOTALLY DIFFERENT scenario right know. 

Bernie "the Sandman" Sanders is creaming Hillary, and he has all of the momentum. 

You can't compare rhe campaign from then to the campaign now. 


Literally everything has changed, and Hillary is losing.  




 I like blonde twinks. Sue me. 

Tbh I was thinking of bleaching my hair even... 




 Please don't play semantics. It is free at point of use.  




 I think oregon has a good climate for berries as well 




 FYROM FYROM FYROM 




 YES 














 Just look at something like www.runbernierun.com .  It is an educational nonprofit that educates about Bernie Sanders and his progressive issues. You can educate us from abroad about things like the NHS!  I am so jealous of the free and superior healthcare you guys get. It is time we join the 21 st century 




 I think I'm having a bad month for these kinds of things. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/prius/comments/3bkma8/gen_ii_how_the_hell_do_i_lock_the_back_seats_back/ 




 You are handsome. I like your hair long too. 

Habitez vous en le centreville ou au campagne? 




 Dont get it cut bro. Doctors have steroid creme and stretching exercises they can recommend 




 O est ce que tu va  l'universite 




 FHA is capitalised at 1 to 48. 

Lehman before the crash was at a 1 to 40 ratio. 

The leverage is too high 




 The results of the conservatives arenct perfect, and I don't agree with them on snowden, but at least there isn't the wanton spending of labor. The govt is still spending more than before the recession as a percentage of gdp if I'm not mistaken. They still spend way too much.  




 Take some kurdish refugees then. Why the long face? 




 \rustique

Ftfy 




 Bad cops outnumber good cops. Do you know nothing about NOPD? 




 Have y'all tried keto? /r/keto 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueReddit/search?q=albert+einstein+socialism restrict_sr=on 




 You have my axe! 



















 My buttcoins stand with you! 




 Psychopathy is much more common among the rich. 

How else can you explain their behavior? 




 Totally normal bro.  




 Just post on craigslist for it 




 Thanks FDR! 




 Looks great 




 You lose some of the protections of federal loans like PSLF, but for many it is a good option for the rate reduction.  









 Black or chocolate? 









 Can we get a whitehouse.gov petition going? 




 And comcast 




 Guess again!


http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=792619449 pkey=10821541 




 Its not too late ; its never too late 









 Edit:cleared cache and data and it works 




 I'm on an m7 and it won't download any more apps from google play. I am on my mobile connection, and when I to download apps the little progress bar just spins. I know there is probably some sort of permission to let it download apps over mobile data, but I have never had problems with this before. Help?  




 Thanks boomers! 




 Hint: it was.  




 Nuke it and put the matter to rest.  



















 You have seen his nudes right? 




 I hope people got that I was kidding... 




 Have you thought about renting it and moving somewhere cheaper?  I met a couple in a similar situation and it is working really well for them.  




 A recession and a more reasonable valuation of stocks and homes would be a godsend 




 You are investing in a scale of years/decades, nor days.   




 Low and slow. 

Slow and steady wins the race.  




 There are private websites were you can refinance to a cheaper rate 




 Join these subs! I want to do it myself. There is an IRC chat on one of the subreddits.

https://www.reddit.com/r/lgbtsex/search?q=foreskin+restoration sort=relevance t=all



I am a c3 on the coverage index, and want to restore. I don't like the long elastic to the leg method, but the dual tension restorer seemed like a reasonable method. I have no idea though 




 While youcre in the neighborhood try /r/bitcoin ! 




 Like XE/academi operator or like telephone? 









 Worse. Much worse.  




 Nous sommes plein, salope 



















 The risks of secondband smoke are empirically small, according to science. 

Are you a science denialist or do you accept the scientific method as truth?

https://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/hyping-health-risks/ 



















 I mean the propensity of consonant vowel pairings, not the number of phoenemes  




 When bernie sanders was marching with SNCC, Hillary was supporting a senator who voted against the civil rights act 




 Do it!  We have to tell EVERYONE we meet if we have a hope of beating the corporate media machine 




 WAKE UP PEOPLE 














 Love Europe, fuck the eu 




 Good. Young people have suffered enough 




 American political polls for president only use 1.5 thousand people. If  they use the right methods you don't need to poll thousands.  




 Fuck this. What about freedom? 




 "Justice has taken part in several charity events. She has supported charities such as the United Nations Foundation, which benefits numerous causes such as AIDS, Children, Environment, Health, Human Rights and Peace.[39] On September 30, 2010, Justice announced she would be joining the Charity Campaign Girl Up" 









 Fingerprints too fam. Wear gloves. Nor kidding.  









 Bruhuehuehuehuehue 




 Japanese is a very balanced and pretty language with so many vowels. It is like spanish, italian, or swahili.  




 HILLLARY OR PERISH (DAE PLURALISM?) 




 Agreed.  




 1. We don't get our public policy from poetry


2. The world has less use for manual and unskilled labor, and taking in large amounts of it won't help people in this country. It isn't 1880 where anyone who came here could become a farmer.  




 Porque no los dos? 




 Regulatory capture. Hillary has already paid off the bosses while the middle class likes sanders 
























 Agreed. A no vote seems to be the only solution 




 Helium.  




 Beans and legumes use lots of water also. It isn't like one has a clear advantage over another 




 Party favors?  Can you hook me up with tina? 




 Woof!  Show me your GAAP : p 




 Nair. Use it for less than the recommended time.  




 I mean that does make sense in some ways. 

If the volume of product delivered is lower, the amount of cash that goes into infrastructure could rise relatice to the volume. 

I know you were being sarcastic, but it isn't shocking to see that part of the rate rise if it were to happen 




 Because of birthright citizenship all of them will quickly be voters.  




 TBH it makes me so mad. We should be courting the global upper/middle class to move and invest here, not bringing the jobless and destitute.  




 But fdic would still be challenged to cover everything if there was a systemic failure 




 Have you seen the video of the cockatoo who knows he is going to the vet on youtube?


That bird threw a giant fit 




 Https://404/filenotfound 




 How much of this is revenue raising and how much is really motivated being antilitter? 




 /r/louisiana shut itself down 




 That was /s 




 \those are nice cuts actually


You been here too long fam 




 Please send him my condolences 




 Because birds never mate in the wild right?  

I have mostly heard this from older bird owners in my region (Mississippi), never from bird owners in coastal states when I have been at conventions. I think it is mostly just rooted in prudishness 




 I love this!  It is just zinger after zinger after zinger! 




 He is one of the top posts in the sub. Honestly he is kind of cute and just got engaged. Trying to be a social media celebrity is very self indulgent, but who cares?  He seems happy and isn't hurting anyone. He really seems in love with his BF 




 Glasses need to be biggers so people know you are wise. 


I would do a manbun as an omage to snooki, where it is very bouffant oriented and stands up towards the top of the head.  Very chic 









 Comparing the candidates in an empirical way isn't a personal attack. 

We shouls compare the candidstes, and make the truth evident.


The facts are why I support Bernie, and the voters should know the facts so they can decide.  




 I have a shirt on, so I won't be showinf my numismatictitties 




 Pic? 









 /r/pics already gave in


They are mere peons of she who must not be named 




 They think they are too good for it or "too important"


/r/syriancivilwar thinks circlejerking over Al Nusra and their Free Syrian Army is more important that the way this site is headed


/r/askhistorians thinks deleting helpful commentary is more important than the website. 


/r/askscience is shit and thinks they are too good for it as well 




 We shouldn't segregate our issues by race.


That sounds very uninclusive 




 This is very Paris, texas 




 Worlds tallest building is a curse 









 Voting is using force. 

Just shut it down.  




 I think all the state subs banding together would be a good thing.  




 /r/louisiana did


Thank god for Mississippi I guess... 




 I thought the thing about him and his bf being disapproved of and them kissing in a video was dubbed, but it was his real voice. 

Go figure. What is [edited] 




 Can you imagine the drama if jesse jackson of all people got her fired? 









 SAA is keeping their powder dry.  




 Sweden can host a lot more refugees than they are taking in 




 It is a part of Kurdistan 




 Dark ages?  You mean christianity? 




 Terrible choice. This is like sipping your Pabst during stonewall 









 Ayyybubakar Lmaoooo 









 Get job! 









 Wecre winning the war of ideas and winning on principle. 

We have already doubled Bernie's support, and will double it again before the year is out.  









 Generated** 



















 Kako ste? 




 Being on my knees has never been this great : p 




 They must have forgotten a zero somewhere 




 I'm alrady doing my part 




 Gaybros has already been Ruined byAll THe GoSH DArN quEEns!!1!2!3! 









 Cut it a few inches shorter so it is bobbed like this. I like long hair on guys, I wouldn't go much shorter than maybe 3-4 inches shorter than this photo. 

I really think long hair looks good on you and am planning on growing out something similar. 
http://cps-static.rovicorp.com/3/JPG_400/MI0002/105/MI0002105947.jpg?partner=allrovi.com


Here is a comperable style:
http://khalijarecords.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/nice-long-haircuts-for-men.jpg


Your hair has less body than his, but I like the behind the ears as a hair style.  









 His rainbow hair is even more noxious 




 Noise complaint is the only way to get results.  




 As an american, they don't. If you have a good idea, argue for it. 

Don't use some other country as a a grass is greener trop 




 \long term stable sources of funding 


Like ticket sales? 




 Rent control creates another huge set of problems 




 /r/spiderbro 




 Dont forget the pitchfork 




