 I frequent 2M / 70cm. I have a few VHF/UHF repeaters in my area, including one thats linked to the WINSYSTEM. That is linked via repeaters,  IRLP, and all-star (i think allstar, but I could be wrong) to stations around the globe.. The friday night insomniac net usually has ~140 check-ins every week.  
  
  Also, I travel for work a lot, so I'm in Sheboygan right now, and got on the local clubs 2M repeater, and even joined in on a couple 'nets!  
  
  That said, I'll agree with the others.. Hold on to your HF rig, and pick up a cheapo Baofeng. Add a $10 Nagoya 701, or 771 whip antenna, and you'll be pretty surprised how far $50 can go :)  




 I'll bet it makes a curiously strong signal.  
  
  ...Ill show myself out.. :-D
 




 Very cool article. Thanks for sharing! Its such an iconic tone, and I've always been kinda curious as to how it was done. Had no idea it was all computer generated audio!  
  
  ...TIL! :-) 




 I had a hard time figuring out ramps *inside* the pool. What I settled on (and its hard to see in the picture) is the water is filled up to overflowing, so if the d'lings swim up to the edge, they can just stand on the rim, then flop out. :-) I don't think they have the ramp thing all figured out yet, lol.  




 Funnily enough, I think the d'lings are getting pretty used to me working around in the backyard, so.. perhaps? Regardless, I think its cool for however long it lasts. Maybe, if they hang long enough, they might 'imprint' well enough so as I may get visitors to my backyard every year?  Mama, however greets me with fear, and suspect. Wonder if a human screwed with her at some point?  

  
  Fun to watch the littl'uns tho. They are *not* graceful on terra firma LOL.  




 LOL.. We're bird people, so unfortunately cats are out of the picture for us. (Currently owned by 2X Sun Conures, and 2X Cockatiels) My username says it all.. (worked as a vet-tech for an avian specialist for a few years, absolutely loved it)  




 [13 ducks and counting..](http://i.imgur.com/vLDkVD2.jpg)  
  
  

Theres another pic, taken the day they "moved in"  
  
  FWIW, the back gate is totally open enough for them to leave at any time.. But I'm guessing theyre like "Free food, fresh water, WTH, lets stay!"  




 Been a hoot to watch these guys.

The d'lings love their little "pool" and go back and forth between the food I set out, and the pool, creating a little water trail on the concrete. So far, they love Bananas, Blueberries, Chia seed (soaked in water) lettuce.. Mama seems to stick with the birdsees, and lettuce usually.   
  
  13 babies, and one mama.. Heh.. Thats quite the flock. Makes my day every day I come home from work to watch their antics. 









 Cute Lori!  
  
  Our Sun Conures do the *exact* same thing for apple juice. Can't get enough, LOL. 




 I guess the codecs were terrible back in 1879.. Look at all that .jpeg artifacting! 




