 Sex is easy. I lost my virginity at 21 and was really scared about the first time,  I'd built it up to be a huge deal in my mind.  But then it happened, it was good but not the big deal if imagined. Your body knows what to do.   




 Ive had and lost many pets over my life.  Each loss us devastating but each animal made my life so much better, and i know i have them happy and loving lives too, that's the main thing.   




 I'm seeing OMG 









 Thank you!  




 Thank you! ! That looks great. I wasn't sure if anyone would be able to do anything with it.   




 But that's soooo boring! No one will like that status  




 These are amazing! So amazing! Mind blowing. Really.  




 later you can see the pig bite the kangaroo. pigs are vicious and kangaroos are gentle but scared easily.  




 my friends have pigs and kangaroos, I've seen kangaroos punch the pigs before, because they deserve it.  














 The moon is a satellite  




 Peppa pig is hilarious. Have you actually really watched it?  Quality tv show.  




 I also have this talent. I'm very proud of it and i wonder how i can make a career of it 




 Europe is west and asia is east.  




 If you drive to cypress court, highbury and park there you can walk up the hill to a pretty nice lookout. It seems like its a pretty quiet spot.  




 Aparently yes.   




 A knight shot my little sister in the head with an arrow and no one cared. She was dying in my arms but no one would help her.  Horrible. Brains are jerks 




 One of my housemates asked me if i would like to join her and her gross old man fuck buddy for some sex. 

I would have needed so much therapy.  




 My boyfriends mum threw out my favourite mug because it had some mold. you just reminded me of that horrible, traumatic experience. RIP mug.  




 If they're offered help but decline it.   




 When my socks slip sideways.  




 My SO's been doing this all day.  I want to punch him in the back of the head.   




 Bleached underwear...  




 Can't face 




 Welcome to my life - simple plan 




 This is what we call a tragedy  




 My mum yelling at me "THE PHANTOM RABBITS ARE BACK! !"

I was so confused, partly because I couldn't remember phantom rabbits ever visiting previously.

Turns out I had misheard her and she was actually saying that the rabbits had escaped from their cage. Not so weird actually... 




 Asking the important questions. 

I've never pressed it, but I'm pretty sure that someone else always has.   




 If you like animals, fauna rescue and the koala hospital might need volunteers  




 All of the twilight movies 




 Nope, they need very special around the clock care.  




 Ive never volunteered, but a kangaroo carer I know finds volunteers through helpx. Might be worth looking into.  




 Tsunamis. I don't live near the sea.  




 The essential baby forums may help.  There is a section for infant loss. 

What a horrible thing to happen.  




 Nah, that's just another echidna. A baby platypus has no official name,  they aren't called puggles. 

http://i.imgur.com/bvVlG2I.jpg 




 "Thanks. I'll email my coordinator about the non-contact day"

I think my family will think "we really should have put something else on here"  




 "Don't be a cunt".

It was partly my fault that he was angry though.   




 It's hard sometimes but you have to stop comparing yourself to others or you will go crazy.  I've been there. You can be so much happier just focusing on yourself,  your own good qualities, make your own good experiences and plan for a happy future. High school isn't forever.   




 It's nice.   




 Best way to spend it according to the cashier.  




 I'm with you. .. but in a different lighthouse.  




 First time my mum met his mum was awkward. His mum is a bit odd,  she gave my mum a gross frozen biscuit and a tiny cup of boiling tea then smiled at her without breaking eye contact. 
First time mum met his dad was fine, they get along well.  

My dad doesn't like the city (where SO, his parents and I live) so he hasn't met them yet.   




 Human judgement causes a lot of accidents but also prevents a lot.  I don't think self driving cars will be as good as people at that yet. 

 Like seeing another drivers facial expressions- angry, tired, sad or what have you- and knowing to drive more carefully around them. 

Or driving on dirt roads and knowing that what looks like a small puddle is actually a fairly deep hole and you should swerve around it.   




 Told my SOs mother that I'm atheist. She just refuses to believe me and says I'm Anglican.  




 What about kids who caught their parents having sex? Gross.  




 Douglas Adams books are always highly recommended, but I'm saying this having never read them, I can't get into them.
 but pretty much everyone I know loves them.   




 The girl who burned her hair off with a curler 




 Dummy 




 The Babadook  




 Fiiine.  




 I do that to my boyfriend... should i stop?  




 Leslie Nielsen. 
 




 Ross. I hate you Ross. Stupid man child  




 I envy kids for this.  They can dance  through the supermarket singing at the top of their lungs and no one thinks they're crazy 




 My sisters and I are going to watch it at marion tomorrow night. We're fully grown adult females.  




 I took lexapro for depression for a few years and had no negative side effects. Different people have different reactions to things but it is a helpful drug for a lot of people, even people with ADHD.  




 My SO wears condoms 




 Eat a whole block of chocolate by myself  :( ))) 




 Nope.  They are ugly ugly things.  But I don't have eyes in my vagina so it's all good.   




 I have no idea.  But finding out  is now on my list of things to do in my life 




 Some snakes and spiders aren't venomous. Bilbys, numbats, quolls.. all the small mammals. 
Female platypus...

I haven't been killed by anything yet 




 Both 




 Singing is controlled by a different part of the brain (i think right side) than speaking (left) .

Some people with brain damage to the part of their brain that controls speech can still sing even if they can no longer speak.
 




 get medicated. You don't have to be on them for ever,  just long enough to get your life back on track.  They are amazing,  i think medications saved my life.  


Some medications are over prescribed but depression is a serious life threatening illness that needs treating  









 Neighbours wall, cloudy sky. So dreary. http://imgur.com/02nn4Bz 




 Second this.  Dalmatians are wonderful, intelligent and loving.  I miss mine every day.  




 I didn't know a fish could look so sad and defeated. You did amazing!!! 




 Get a good hair cut and keep it styled nicely.  Wash your face daily and moisturise. 
Eat well,  drink plenty of water. 
Dress well.   




 All of earth's resources are finite. We can't make the problem of waste go away like that,  we need to recycle everything. Or we will eventually run out of stuff.  




 If it's head was destroyed enough it would.  Otherwise it would probably slowly die from other injuries. Snakes don't die instantly from bodily trauma.    




 Maybe try something like "you would look great with this hairstyle" and show done examples.  




 Men are meant to have beards.  




 Explain 




 I would assume he was joking and laugh.   




 Ridiculous!  I bet you cry at funerals and stuff too...  




 thanks, I don't really buy into conspiracy theories, but it looks interesting and I'll have to read it when I have more time.  




 Tl:dr what's their argument?  




 Chapter 26: yeah, 's'alright 




 Theyre are koala crossing signs but I've never seen a koala in my suburb. Disappoint 




 I once stupidly thought i would epilate my lady area.  Terrible terrible terrible idea.  

Everything was pulled in. Blood and pain. So much blood.  So much pain.  So much.  

I almost called my sister to help me,  I was imagining having to go to hospital and have the rpilator surgically removed. But I would have died from embarrassment. So I got scissors and cut away all the hair that i could then yanked the epilator and the remaining hairs + some skin off. SUCCESS! 

never ever epilate down there.   




 This guy.  Its his job.  




 I don't really have a particular dream.  But I'd probably take the risk.  life is risky 




 Yous 

 




 Minor stresses, just turned 26, feeling old,  had cake.  
Been ok. 

Thanks for asking. How are you?  




 Find a nice animal sanctuary to take me in,  preferably one with llama friends for me 




 What kind of thing?  Its 50-50 for me right now.   




 Or mine. Its my birthday and i wants it.  




 You're gorgeous.  Your mum is crazy 




 Kangaroos, they're beautiful and affectionate but even if you hand raise one from a tiny pinky it will still be wild.  




 https://youtu.be/3dWw9GLcOeA 




 [Con]( http://imgur.com/gallery/YleTk)
Sadly happens far too frequently  




 They've stopped babies from starving to death for all of their existence.  




 My grandmother was talking about an old long dead relative of hers and said "I think she was what you call a poofter these days." 
She was very fond of this relative and was saying nice things about her, just mentioned that she always had short hair and lived with another lady.  




 We need manual control of our breathing so we don't drown if hold our heads underwater. But we also need it automatically done for us so we don't stop breathing in our sleep. 
I guess if you're thinking about breathing your brain hands over control just in case your in a swimming pool or something  




 I haven't bought any for a while (2 years) but i think it was around $35/ L when I did.  That's a crazy difference. So much money. 




 Arnold Schwarzenegger is known as Uncle Schwazzy in my family. My little sister had a dream that he was our uncle and we called him that. ..so we do...a good 15 years later.  




 Fun fact: i saw a threesome in mars bar 




 They created my need for entertainment in the bathroom  




 Same. And i imagine the water on my hands dissolving things i touch and making me get even more germs on my hand.   




 Grows huge gross talons. I'll occasionally bring it up but mostly just deal with it.  Seriously though, Its not hard to cut your toenails.  




