 Well 3000 is quite a large sum, but that doesn't make $800 nothing! $800 is like a whole new PC!  




 Maybe i haven't been here long enough, because this hit me out of nowhere. 




 *passive aggressive content creator* 




 I'm glad someone thought that idea was good! I really think it'd be neat for higher pop servers, 




 Aww, this made me really excited for a second. 




 Yeah, you can almost instantly tell shady people from not shady people. Pne time a friend and I are at NWAF with AUG's and full gear, roaming. We go into a barrack and meet two people. We had our guns drawn and so did they. Something in their voice told me they were honest people. About five minutes later in the NWAF firestation, two other people show up shouting "friendly, friendly" and walked up to us. Something in their words or movements told me something was up, and i said "we have to go, sorry!" and we ran off. If you get a bad feeling, trust your instincts. 




 I hope rule 3 is something about not making posts about getting hacked, because that is literally half of posts here right now. 




 How on earth did they manage that? Thats awesome! 




 THANK YOU! I love this game to death, but it ends up being really hard to tell my friends that the zombies still glitch through walls, and thats why they died, two and a half YEARS after it was released. At this point most of my friends will give up playing, join me in a few months, die walking up stairs or something like that, and give up again. Some really basic stuff needs to be sorted out. 




 Have a Camelbak (or water bladder) that attaches to your military backpack (or vest) without taking up any space (much like a holster). It holds 2 liters and can be used while moving, rather than stopping.

Also the Coyote pack from Arma 2, that spawns at nato heli crashes with an area of 30 (6x5).


Also, spawning in fresh with a battery, flashlight, AND a walkie-talkie, to bring back side chat in a way, would be pretty neat.

EDIT: Camelbak not Camelpak 




 My only concern is that these new infected are going to be as buggy as the old ones (which is what it seems so far), but far faster and in higher numbers. If the new AI is released with a high number of bugs it could ruin the game, for me at least. 




