 Ite thanks I'm out looking for seeds right now but I can't find the right kind 




 I dunno I'm not sure if I have read any of your earlier posts but this post had me thinking it was a guy  




 it's nice to at least sorta know what you are going to ingest. 




 I have been researching how to grow poppies for the last couple weeks.  I have a really large backyard that is almost forest like.  I think that would be a good place to grow?  Any input?  how much sun do the seeds need?  that might be the only issue.  thanks! 




 ha i was reading this assuming you were a guy until i got to the parking lot part. 




 I have been in for about 3 months just about to come up on my take homes and as I today (i just talked with the head of the clinic), I haven't missed a day and have had all clean UA's.  Have I relapsed since I have been in? Yes I have used H several times but been lucky enough to have it out of my system by the time they UA and it is always random which makes it a bit more scary.  I want to stop using once I start getting take home since if I do get caught I gotta start over again but it's more tempting now because I'm thinking exactly what you are thinking haha.  I don't really have any advice, maybe just try not to use?  Thats the only foolproof way but is a bit hard when you are still at the beginning of maintenence. Also if you gotta use, try to use the day you get UA afterwards or the next day very soon after you were UA'd so less of a chance to get UA'd again. 




 LOL too easy 




 Fuck dude I know soooooo many people that would fall for this 




 looks like you made out pretty good just remember its 325mg pure vikaden 




 OK at least you have a plan if shit hits the fan haha.  What do you mean by wait a few years for a new script? Is there only a certain amount of time that you can be blacklisted at a clinic? 




 oh okay yeah of course it is but if you have a high tolerance they really aren't worth much but I don't know go ahead and try hah 




 okay I don't know any better but I would just think it would be a bit safer to ask for a higher dosage.  I mean I started with just vicodin and ended up eventually smoking bth and that is something I regret but it is just way cheaper than pH arms. Plus same as you my tolerance was building. I dunno I just got cut off from a 3 year steady script of norcos for no reason so I'd assume if doctor found track marks on you it'd be no more scripts for you. I guess just be careful. 




 also if you are shooting, any pharm they give you probably won't touch your pain because of your high tolerance. 




 so why do you need a script!?!?! haha the dope you shoot should cover your pain just as well as any pharm. 




 how come you are iv'ing them? 




 ah you remind me of myself at 21-just starting to jump thru the hoops of trying to attain that first script. I am assuming you have little to no tolerance.  Most likely your gonna get 5/500s if any narcotic is scripted.  Once those don't do the trick anymore its time for more fun- trying to obtain norcos or oxy from your doc.  After a fair amount of time and a lot of work put in convincing and buttering up your doctor(s) you will hopefully have an ongoing script for a halfway decent opiate.  haha sorry I kinda went off on a tangent I don't even know if you are trying to go the route of getting an ongoing script but  yeah your gonna have to start slow and small, this shit doesn't happen overnight. 




 do you get opiates for your crohns? my friend was just diagnosed with it and they never spoke of giving him opiates. 




 ha i've had 2 doctors tell me this actually.  




 Some stories are good.  I just don't always like how they write the stories with a lot of bias sometimes. 




 yeah thats good no APAP. that is one of the worser things I think when it comes to pharms. 









 Yeah heroin is fairly harmless if you know how strong and how much you are using also knowing exactly whats in it. I was more talking about pharms with Tylenol and other fillers 




 Damn thats crazy you  have been on pain pills that long!  Have you ever just tried to somehow get off them? I can't imagine living til a somewhat good age with all the problems narcotic meds can present to your kidneys, liver, stomach and other parts of your body. Also your libido. They did that for me at least and I was starting to get worried when I was on a high dose. 




 Yeah I've heard several things about getting off paxil. Some say its really hard but the last psychologist I had said it is fine to just stop taking.  I kept asking her are you sure since I had never heard that. 




 Thanks. I would be going to a new doctor a psychiatrist.   




 OK well I hope you don't mind wasting money.  I couldn't feel anything after 60 .
 




 Hi I have been taking Paxil for about 12 years now.  I think it's working out ok but the past couple years I have felt more and more anxious and have had probably 10 or so panic attacks in the last couple years.  Would I benefit from a benzo? If so what kind?  Would a doctor be more willing to prescribe me a benzo seeing that I've been on Paxil for so long?  Thanks guys! 




 OK cool. I never knew this- actually just heard of etizolam this week.  So if it is "basically xanax" how come you don't need an rx?  Has the FDA not found out about it yet? 




 LOL!!! I've seen that movie and could see someone thinking its real if they never heard of it. 




 You use H on that much methadone? 




 Oh I just saw the link. Thanks man! 




 Without a script? Should I pm you. 




 Chico? 




 Because I always thought they seemed a bit more relaxed about that kinda stuff and I think Tennessee is #1 in number of opiate meds prescribed in U.S.  I'm near chico. 




 OK I was gonna guess the South. 




 you can tell its a penis and a nut sack that got smashed like a pancake. tell me you see it because i do 




 Yeah sometimes it happens that way. What state are you in? 




 Yeah you gotta think in  a Murphys law type way when your in that situation but when I was I thought naw not gonna happen to me why would it?!??!  Then boom carpet pulled out under me haha. Oh and fuck tolerance too!! I tried so hard when I first got scripted norcos to keep it low.  In about 2 years I was up to like 10 a day compared to 2.   




 Yessir 




 OK well you seem to be in a good position right now.  I have had to sign those contracs too.  I also think it's a bit harder to get a script if you are younger and a male which I assume you are younger person?  also I wasn't trying to be harsh but I noticed I really didn't need my pain medicine as much as I thought after not having them.  I still have the records of being on a narcotic for several years since then I have changed insurance and my doctor and probably could find a new doctor to start prescribing me again but I am over spending all the energy and time going to do doctors and hoping they will give me my medicine back so for now I am just on methadone and actually the done has made my life a lot better since I am NOT worrying when I'm going to run out of my script and have to go to the street and buy some H or pills. the last few months were pretty expensive since I had you end up doing that a bit but now on methadone I never need to worry about running out of meds and it's free. 




 Oh I just saw he's giving you fucking xanax on top of a narcotic painkiller!??!! Maybe you really did get lucky and find a crooked doctor haha cause that is quite a  bit there.. 




 Going and once a month should be a law pretty soon at least that's what my doctor told me.  We also had a great relationship for several years as I thought until she for some random reason got scared to keep prescribing what she said was the maximum amount of norcos a month .  She mentioned obamacare and the DEA getting stricter on pain meds.  all I know is about six or seven years ago it was a ton easier to get these meds.  I think most doctors are going to try and wean their patients off the narcotic drugs in the next few years.  Now I'm stuck on methadone.  Do you really need these pills? I know you will tell me that you do but you probably deep down know you could probably make it without em.
  I'm not trying to call you out but I will warn you that you got to be like a cancer patient nowadays or really old and in really bad shape to get anything it really sucks.  I am in California and this seems to be how its been working now.  Good luck I never thought this would happen me. 




 120 10mg hydrocodones?  just a guess.  that was all me every month for 2 years straight til i got cut off!! 




 Oh whaaa?? 




 OK I looked it up I think you need a script.  How are these compared to other benzos?? 




 So I could go to a store and purchase this?? 




 Are those etizolam an RX medicine? I have only heard of them recently. 




 i got darvocet so good luck 




 cut em up with a toenail clipper. put in coke for at least a few hours, the longer the better. 




 smoked some bth saturday.  I had to urine test today at methadone clinic. I should be fine right!?!?! 




 Of course it's in Philly. 




 150 a piece!?!?!. I pay 20 that's crazy. 




 I have only been on it for barely three months so I am honestly not sure. 




 I tried suboxone first before methadone and it didn't work for me.  I went back to using for a while and when things started to get out of hand I started to research methadone because like you, I was apprehensive of it.  after weeding out all the myths and rumors about methadone I decided to give it a try.  I am really glad I did because if I did not try it I would still be addicted and in a very worst place than I was before methadoneso for me it has worked out to be a better situation right now in my life then how I was living it before 




 Subs usually at least partially block my high for up to 3 days!!! I don't know why but thats how it is for me.  Some people can get away with like 10 hours in between though.  If I were you i'd try to wait as close to 24 hours as you can. 




 ha this has been posted a couple times in 1 week!!  I am not complaining tho it's a badass song.  It was in that movie Snatch I think.
 




 Thank you!!  I really haven't had anyone personally say anything to me about it but its kind of general notion people have that aren't educated about methadone to say that it's for low lifes and junkies,etc.  I don't care either way, I never was one to care what peoples opinions were about me-especially complete strangers fuck that who cares haha 




 Yes I agree with you. Before I trieed methadone I tried suboxone and it didn't hold me enough so I went back to using for a bit.  I was getting worse with using more by the week so I decided to do a bit of research on methadone to get the facts about it-not the myths or rumors because beforehand I was a bit apprehensive to try methadone- I thought that it was left for hardcore junkies.  Well since I started on it it has really helped i'm really happy because I was thinking to myself if methadone doesn't work I have nothing else to fall back on so I was getting a bit scared.  luckily it worked! 




 Me to for the first time ever about 3 weeks ago.  I know a lot of people talk down on methadone but if it wasn't for methadone I would be saying yes. 




 God I really would hope not! 




 yeah I know!! i guess that is with no priors even. 




 http://www.vice.com/read/america-is-really-freaking-out-about-heroin-use-now?utm_source=vicefbus 









 are you driving a buick GS or skylark from the late 60s-early 70s?   




 I was actually going to post this over there but this sub seems to get a lot more action than other one 




 I will always remember this!! You will NEVER be forgiven!!!  ha I actually never saw the post you made. 




 Lol!! That's a way to handle it. 




 Before I got a methadone I used any opiate I could my hands on. The first time I tried to stop I used suboxone.  I didn't like it it didn't take the edge off enough so I went back to using again. Towards the end before I got on done I was smoking both up to a gram a day. Since being on methadone for 3 months I've only relapsed once. For me methadone is really great and does the trick.  If you ever seriously consider stopping I think methadone can really help you. 




 hahaha oh my god!!!   Was this in SF?? Did you test the urines temp? They do at my clinic making it even harder to give them fakes. 




 wow you have had way more action than me so far. also you are lucky that they give you a take home right away!!  I just want 1 freaking take home i live about 30 mins away and drive there everyday.
 




 so I have been going to a methadone clinic everyday for about 3 months.  the worst thing about it for me is having to drive there every single day 7 days a week.  pretty soon though I will be getting take homes.  anyways I started this thread to ask you guys that have been to a clinic what is the craziest thing you have seen or heard happen at your clinic.  somebody got stabbed at mine about 2 months before I had started going to it.  also what does most of the clientele look like at your clinic?  I would say 90 percent look like they have been living a pretty hard life so far at my clinic 




 I also forgot to ask you if you are on any medications and what they are for.  do you plan on being on them the rest of your life? 




 I am using it also do you get off of are there opiate drugs but it also works fairly well for the pain that I have had and since I was cut off from my prescription and still mentally and physically addicted to opiates I needed to try methadonesince in the past I had tried suboxone and it didn't work for me 




 why :( haha its not that bad. i figure I am going to need to be on some kinda opiate the rest of my life for the legitimate pain that I have and methadone although not that great if you are looking for recreational value, works great for pain and lasts forever.   




 I'll honestly probably be on it the rest of my life. 




 Yep. and now i am on methadone thanks to all that. 




 well it looks like OP is getting them for crohns.
 




 All I know is that day by day doctors and hospitals are tightening up on giving out opiates like they did say 8 or so years ago.  I live in California so I don't know where that state lies on being liberal about dispensing narcotics but I was told to my face by my doc of 5 years whom I had trusted that DEA is really cracking down, blah blah blah.  What really pissed me off is that I was like family with her, she was the one who got me started on pain meds in the first place too.  Vicodin 5s then slowly moved up to Norco.  All I am saying I guess is that I thought for sure I was sitting pretty and had no worries about getting my script pulled out from under me but it did happen.  Sucks because this is going to be happening more and more now as doctors become increasingly hesistant to give out opiates. 




 lol ok i didn't even know there was a subreddit for kratom! 




 ok cool. i have only been on methadone 3 months and I have really only relapsed once smoking some tar. I plan on being on it for a while but maybe when i choose to taper I will look into kratom for sure. thanks! 




 Hopefully. Lately they have been trying to ween people off opiates.  I'm just bitter because it happened to me right when my regular doctor turned me over to PM. 




 When that happened to me I got cut off from my 120 a month norco script.  I was so excited at first but in the end got jacked. Now I'm on methadone. 




 yeah i didn't believe it to be like bath salts but certain people who write articles seem to lump it in with bath salts and other designer type shit.  now that i'm on methadone and doing good with it now I think I'll hold off but possibly later on down the road its good to know that it is there if i'm in a pinch. 




 ok I'd rather not waste any money on it then.  i'm doing good in my methadone program anways. 




 Ah OK. So it sort of works the same as 'done does for wd's?  You think its kind of a waste possibly since I am already on da 'done?? 




