 Fun Fact.  I just learned that Maxwell Caulfield's(Rex Manning) daughter is an extra in the movie.  She's wearing ballet shoes and is listening to music in the store when Ethan Embry is cleaning.  




 [Until it Sleeps, by Metallica](http://youtu.be/dFoJ3_MvOYA) 




 "I don't want you to give it all up

And leave your own life collecting dust

And I don't want you to feel sorry for me

You never gave us a chance to be"

Running Away by Hoobastank 




 I swear this place is real.  I was watching some restaurant show on travel channel or food network about destination restaurants with priceless views, and this looks identical to one of the ones they mentioned.  I don't remember much else. 




 Well, I didn't either until I miscarried my first pregnancy.  It never entered my mind that after that happened, seeing pregnant women would make me have debilitating depression.  I didn't want to talk about babies, I shut out my friends that were pregnant or newly parents.  

I thought my severe depressing reaction would never end.  It lasted up until my successful pregnancy with my daughter.  I couldn't imagine the pain of losing twins that were carried and birthed.

But quoting the previous poster, 
Whenever I see a story like this, I would be lying if I said I felt no pain.

It's just really hard sometimes to share or feel joy for others.  And I wanted them to know I thought it was admirable to show kind words, knowing how hard it can be. 




 It really takes something so tragic to fully understand the word *trigger*.  The fact that you are strong enough to share kind words is admirable. 




 He's judging the parent.   




 Thank you 




 Very good idea.  :D 




 Thank you xoxo 




 Every check made me bleed!  It freaked me out, but was reassured it was ok. 









 We are in the same boat! Good luck tonight. 




 Thank you for taking the time to tell us your story! I'm getting induced tomorrow night and I'm so scared 

I'm so happy for you, congratulations!  




 I sent someone flowers recently.  I picked out the medium sized arrangement and by the time checkout was done it was almost $80.  All I could think of after was, if it was from Edible Arrangements, they could have at least eaten it and possibly enjoyed it more. 




 Four Rooms was pretty entertaining.  The scene that includes Tarantino is probably the best.  




 I think this point right here is the force for OP's post, unfair use of our tax dollars.  But *I know* that's not how he posed the question. 




 Everyone loves Johnny Cash's "God's Gonna Cut You Down."  It's originally by Elvis, called ["Run On."](http://youtu.be/anjdacZhyno) 




 Oh man, the tardblog was probably the funniest thing I ever read.  My favorite was "Meet Augusta, but don't touch him."

The teacher that wrote about those kids cared more for them than some of the fucked up parents.  Maybe she would have got more traffic if the site name was more tasteful.  Anyway, it is worth reading.  At least the archived older ones, I don't know about the newer teacher that had taken it over.   




 I'm so sorry.  




 Very beautiful. 




 You're welcome.  It feels good to feel sometimes. 




 My grandpa use to have that printed out, and he carried it around in his wallet.  He thought it was so beautiful, he'd read it to strangers all the time.  Glad you liked it. 




 Eulogy for a dog
By George Vest

"Gentlemen of the jury: The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. His son or daughter that he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. Those who are nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may become traitors to their faith. The money that a man has, he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it the most. A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. The one absolutely unselfish friend that a man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him and the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous is his dog.

A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. He will sleep on the cold ground, where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may be near his master's side. He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer, he will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness of the world. He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. When all other friends desert, he remains. When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens.

If fortune drives the master forth an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard against danger, to fight against his enemies, and when the last scene of all comes, and death takes the master in its embrace and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open in alert watchfulness, faithful and true even to death."

 




 Interesting!  Something similar with me.  I go to Dunkin' by my house sometimes and always get a decaf iced coffee.  

But whenever I go to ANY other location, they tell me that Dunkin' in general doesn't make decaf iced coffee, that they'd have to specially pour hot decaf over ice.  So I say, yea that's ok.  But it always tastes like water and not like my neighborhood location.  

I'm convinced I always got full caffeine, but since I can't prove it, I didn't make a stink, I just stopped going :/ 




 I agree.   




 Thank you for taking the time to write your story, you sound like a great mom xoxo 




 Well, I've heard different things also.  But I first heard the heartbeat at 7.5 weeks.  And I found it by myself on doppler at 10 weeks.  So, hopefully, good luck! 




 Yea, you really just need to test, we can't tell you anything for sure except anything is possible. 




 Man, I'm right there with you. 




 That is a movie that I enjoyed, but I can't explain what I liked about it.   




 Well, it would also piss people off.  I'm sure people wouldn't mind the anti-vaxxers boycotting Disney World, but Disney probably wouldn't risk losing money and alienating a stupid group of people.  




 Yea, I know, and the worry will never stop now, we are mothers xoxo.   




 I bet it would be pretty decently priced, too.  Amazon doesn't fuck around.  




 Congratulations!  Crazy story, but thank you for taking the time to share. 




 Cute baby boy.  Well, just breathe, and be positive! 




 The only negative thing I've heard about consuming wild game is how it is killed.  Like, shooting ducks with lead shots can make it more toxic.  But store bought is completely safe.  Bigger animals, like deer, would make the toxicity less.  But even so, the article I read said it's not good *over time.*  So having one meal, I  think you are completely fine!  




 Yay, so excited for you! 









 If it was my personal situation, and my Dr said it was ok, I'd do it. 




 I think wanting the baby to come a little early might be normal.  But there was someone here the other day that wanted to start pumping her breasts to induce labor early and she was only 34 weeks.  That's pretty crazy/irresponsible, to me. 




 You're probably going to get responses on both side of the spectrum.  People might not agree, but a lot of people choose to do this all the time.  This is you and your Dr's choice, he would know best. 




 I remember reading about hiccups around 30 weeks, and I was feeling really left out because I knew I never felt them.  But around 32-33 weeks I felt what was really soft rhythmic movements.  They weren't as big for me as some people explain they are, but I knew they were hiccups because of the rhythm.  You'll probably feel them soon, it is so cute. 




 Aw, some of those are great.   




 I'm not worried, I feel movement throughout the day.  Just wondering how similar our experiences are.  

She will stir a little in the a.m. when I wake up, then a little more when I drink or eat something.  Then it's very small subtle movements until I lay down at night.  The evening is usually when I feel some hiccups, then some stretching and kicking.  That's about it. 




 Omg.  I'm just under 35 weeks.  I was just thinking how in the past week or so I've had no energy at all, and I could fall asleep at the drop of a hat.  Something is definitely changing in our bodies.   




 I used to think [this scene](http://youtu.be/9ZDUlaF1sKQ) was cool cause of the smoke.  Now that I watch it again, there isn't much smoke. 




 And The Neverending Story :( 




 Seven.  I feel like if I would have seen it when it came out, it probably would have blown me away.  But with movies like Saw, with the similar shock factor, and extreme unpredictability, this movie was just... ok. 




 Yay! 




 Yea I was just wondering, I live in Vegas, just bored. 




 Where at 




 What kind of music?  Do you play live shows? 




 At your point in pregnancy, it's not impossible to feel baby, but since it is so small and it's just floating around in there, the odds of it being consistent and easy to physically trigger is rare.  It could be facing inward, which you wouldn't feel much.  But it is getting bigger, in the span of days, it will change the possibility of feeling baby.  

But drinking ice cold soda or juice works for me.  They say that they can feel temperature, and the sugar gets to them pretty quick.  So try that!  And the prodding lol 




 Whoaaaa, trippy.  




 A doctor wouldn't let it happen.  Not at all.  That can be said with certainty. 




 Are we talking about a certain baby in question? Or is this a hypothetical?

Because if a big-ass baby was born on January 15th, weighing 15 lbs+, with a calcified/deteriorated placenta, via cesarean this could be a 1 in 100,000 possibility that gestation time was 46 weeks.  But just know that it is not normal, or common, and doctors wouldn't let it go passed 42 weeks.  The chances of it being  stillborn are through the roof. 




 This isn't possible at all, conception would have had to have been mid to late April. 

Edit:  Even the farthest stretch, saying implantation took the maximum amount of time, and baby went passed full term, that would still put you conceiving at the earliest, end of March/beginning  of April. 




 So is the [Heaven's Gate](http://heavensgate.com/) website 




 It's my 30th too, happy shared birthday! 




 Hear the resentment in ["How Come"](http://youtu.be/lEijtE0brdQ) 




 I came in here with no real advice, but after seeing the comment about noise, I have to second it.  I was at the movies the other night, and she was freaking out in my stomach because of all the loud noises.   




 Holy shit... that was great.  




 When I first heard that song, it took my breath away I liked the lyrics so much.  




 I know, it's so great.   




 I know, I think every lyric in that song is so beautiful.  




 The guys just asking to hear a song that he use to know well when he was young. 




 Ok, I definitely was. Thank you.  




 Very pretty angel! 




 Yes. 




 [Well, yea](http://www.imgur.com/9QJAKdb.gif) 




 My mom knows a lot about insurance companies and said you should dispute it, sometimes the providers in the network will help absorb the cost.  Not sure what that means.   




 No, a bunch of people are complimenting OP's dog, and all OP is saying is that they also have a beagle.  That comment just screams karma-whore to me. 




 [Stop. This isn't your dog.](http://karmadecay.com/results/u4559728) 




 Proud of you!  




 Oh god, don't tell me.  I'm holding off on watching new episodes until I catch up on netflix.   




 Like other people said, morning pee is ideal.  Are your periods super regular and predictable?  




 I like that one better too.  And it's cheaper. 




 I'm so sorry :(  

I have no experience with this.  I have had a loss, but much earlier.  You need to be strong, and know that it was no fault of yours.  Telling the family will be very hard.  I hope you get answers.  I'll be thinking of you,  xoxo.  




 I'm just wondering how normal it is to only feel movement that low.  I usually feel her everywhere.  Today she jabs here and there and it can be painful.  This is possibly just a very naive late pregnancy post, lol.  But whenever I feel a pain, I just like to hear from others, :). 




 I just watched one called "Breastmilk" and it was really odd, lol.  Not really biased one way or another, just showed some women's struggles with feeding. 




 Ugh, I know. I'd probably be the same way lol. 




 This is so sweet.  I don't have any suggestions, just wanted to say you're a good friend xoxo 




 Aw man, that is some pretty substantial damage too.   




 I agree with what you're saying for other instances, but his mouth was close enough to the fire, long enough, so that he did feel a decent amount of heat that probably hurt a little.  




 Those pictures made me smile lol 




 The 3D/4D is very similar to HD, HD to me just feels the same with a brighter, slightly more clear look.  The only reason I passed on HD was because of the cost, my cost is similar to the prices you listed.

But, Google the differences, and if it seems worth it to you, you should go for it.  I would have if I had the extra money :) 




 Very sweet.  Saw this the other day, love it. 




 No, just half of one. The other half would have really missed you. 




 Ace Ventura: When Nature calls! 




 The music was so intense it gave me anxiety, lol.  But that was great! 




 Whoa, I haven't heard of this movie mentioned since it was probably released.  It did have some interesting and dark themes, from what I can remember.   




 Is it accompanied by any other symptoms?  It's not necessarily bad, a lot is going on in there, a lot of growing.  Keep an eye on any change in discharge color. 




 Yay!  Hope all is well xoxo 




 Too Many Cooks 




 Yes, exactly. 




 I initially read your comment as you were *overwhelmed*.  No, underwhelming is a great way to describe the movie, I agree completely.  Maybe if I would have first seen in the 90's when it came out, I would have thought a little more highly of it. 




 Overwhelming isn't how I'd describe it.  I'd love to hear more of your opinion about it.  Out of all the mind-blowing, twisted-ending movies in this thread, this movie doesn't leave my head spinning.  Although, I do think it's a great movie.

Edit: Misread his comment, thought he put *overwhelmed*, instead of underwhelmed. 




 I hear such conflicting things.  People tell me all the time it is cheaper to book directly from the carrier.  Then someone on reddit a long time ago, said something about turning off cookies on your browser and using an Expedia-type website for cheapest rates; Not sure what that does, but I guess refreshing on the same results page would up the dollar amount.  

Can you clarify my confusion?  Or tell me if this is just all wrong... 




 Shut up, Meg. 




 I am so sorry for your loss, I couldn't imagine what you've been through.  Welcome back to the community, and I wish you a happy and healthy pregnancy xoxo 




 Just, thank you so much xoxo. 




 Ok, that is cool lol.   




