 Good stay away from it.  It's the first step down a mountain of shit. 




 Did she throw bottles at you? 




 I finished champloo for the first time the other day.  Just wow. 




 I have a boker kwaiken as well.  I love that knife. 




 Idk man have you gotten the Griffen armor yet? It looks pretty damn cool to me. 




 Alright this might be a stupid question but for the general election coming up is it possible to have 2 democrats being nominated  instead of 1 Democrat and 1 republican? 




 That man was probably tortured. 




 That's when you just drop a large GO FUCK YOURSELF and smash all the glassware on the floor. 




 Can someone put up a link? 




 Welcome brother! That's a good looking bike you got there. 




 I don't think that works. 




 Courts marshal. 




 Did you beat his face in? 




 I'm watching the show for the first time.  Holy shit, that fight was intense. 




 I was riding home from work with a guy who has one of those.  They just look so bad ass riding by.   




 Idk if there is but there should be. 




 These guys and senses fail were the shit back in the day. 




 I'm like 22 episodes in right now.  That guys creeps me the hell out. 




 I like the song "heroes of our time". 




 S5. 




 I connected my phone to my ps4 so all I have to do is play Spotify through my phone and it comes out on the speakers on my tv. 




 What music are you guys listening to while playing?  I like classical music. 




 Good for you! 




 Pop a wheely, drop his ass on the pavement and drive off. 




 I usually have that problem before work.  Then I just put on my hat, walk on in. 




 I have an fz6 and I love it. 




 I named my first bike, I had a 1982 cb900c I called Matilda. I haven't named my second one yet. 




 Ready player one! By no means is it an original story but it makes up for that with heart. 




 This is my second bike and I'm in love with it as well.  Well good luck to ya man, sending some good vibes your way.  Have fun out there! 




 Hey no way I just bought a 2004 fz6 acouple weeks ago.  How do you like yours? 




 My father taught me how to ride when I was 11.  First thing I did was run straight into a mailbox. 




 I think it looks great stock. 




 Algebraic! 




 Algebraic! 




 I would have done nothing. Absolutely nothing. 




 "Did we just become bestfriends?!"
"Yep!" 




 I'm awfully sorry man.  I hope he pulls through! 




 When I watched the show again for the second time I did skip it.   




 It's in the middle of the season.  A man in a special helmet kills a woman in front of about a hundred people.  No one does anything to stop him. 




 "If you do something interesting, I'll stab you."  Uhhh okay. 




