 I agree they're the team to beat, I just think they'll get beat. And just adding Pat Bev doesn't make them non contenders, but having to face real PG's every round will wear them down. Pat and TP and CP3 were just examples of how tough of a road they just so happen to have avoided this year. Next year they could get hit with Bev, then CP3, then Westbrook in consecutive series. Just saying, it'll be a huge adjustment. And trying to repeat in a stacked conference is no easy task 




 KD is nowhere near 6'8. Lebron is 6'8. KD has at least 4 inches on him. and Yao does have 60 pounds on him, but he played below the rim. KD plays up and flies around. way more room for error when you jump 20+ inches in the air every time you take a jumper 




 Yeah! Always played hard when I saw him 




 Thank long PG for the Lakers whose name escapes me. Saw him a couple times and the dude can play 




 quick question. who would you rather get in free agency, Norris Cole or Mo Gotti? 




 OKC has Dion Waiters, so they automatically are going to have something catastrophic happen to them.  




 that's just a dick thing to say.  




 Warriors won't make it back. Didn't have to face a single legit point guard in their entire playoff run. A healthy Pat Beverly in their way, or Chris Paul, or Tony Parker who Curry has to guard would completely change their dynamic. I think the West is gonna be wide open again. 
Pierce is out of Washington, so they don't have a chance. Chicago just isn't good outside of Jimmy buckets and he can't win a series by himself. Atlanta is gonna be in the mix in the Easy but I just don't see them as a strong team when it comes down to it. I think the Bucks are coming, the Celtics are coming, a healthy Bosh puts the Heat in the playoffs but they aren't much. Cavs are a lock, in my book.  




 Because big men with foot issues have foot issues forever. KD is a legit 7 footer. So he fits in the Yao Ming vein. Similar to Joel Embiid's foot issue that could take him out of next year as well. Big men just don't get over problems quickly 




 Also Kyrie Irving and Mike Miller have underwear deals. Just so you know 




 this is so blown out of proportion by Stein. Every player disagrees with their coach from time to time and Lebron had the weight of the world on him and he knew what it takes to win a Finals series. I think Blatt knew that too and handled Lebrons intensity with class. No harm, no foul 




 Yeah, but he's played more minutes than anyone in history in a 5 years span, not including team USA. he has to rest better throughout the season, and I don't just mean cutting his minutes down to 39 which is still highest in the league. I mean cutting down to at most 35 and having games that he takes off periodically like the Warriors did.  




 Cavs gotta take a page out of the Warriors book and take their resting strategy. Kept their guys healthy and fresh when it mattered 




 Dudes get hurt on his teams every damn year. Bosh in '12, DWade essentially the last 3 years with his knee, Kyrie and KLove.... he always has help up until the big moments. so sad 




 King of the "no pressure end of game" 3s that don't mean anything 




 Lets talk about what needs to happen in the off season to get our minds off of this. I'm sad  




 Lebron in the post, score. fuckin shit man. do that the whole game and were in this 




 Man, Lebron didn't back up his bold statement at all. So disappointing.  




 BACK COURT GOOD GOD 




 LETS GO OH MY GOD WE CAN DO THIS 




 MY GOD DELLY WHY ARE YOU PLAYING 




 Can someone seriously help me understand why Lebron is 30 feet away from the basket every possession instead of posting up? It's worked all series!! why stop going to it?! 6 3 point attempts is too damn much with half the Warriors in foul trouble.  




 Shump can't dribble and can't make a layup. why is he in the game 




 DOES LEBRON NOT WANT THE BALL? 




 is Lebron refusing the post this game or what? 




 I mean, that's essentially what I gathered from every half time speech I've ever heard.  




 If we made free throws and calmed THE FUCK down and cut the turnovers down, we'd be up 8 to 10.  




 incorrect. Warriors shooting jumpers, Cavs driving the ball 




 clock didn't reset after Lebrons shot hit the rim. legal bucket, shot clock guy just didn't react quick enough 




 Lebron on the post. Lebron on the post. that's all you gotta do.  




 If you see that and say there's no contact, you too are blinded by his strength. There's contact on EVERY drive. some of them aren't fouls, but some of them are.  




 I agree, but some of them are.  




 How the fuck are these refs not calling anything on these Lebron drives? He gets punished for being too strong.  




 seriously. if they win it in general I'm gettin Lebrons logo tattooed on my body somewhere.  




 that's one game boss. that's hardly research  




 nothing you said is correct. it's not worth forming an argument against someone when they don't even bother to bring real stats to the table 




 that's not even true. you should get over your laziness and actually find something to backup your claims. you won't find it, but you should try. and "others" are dumb if they want dellavedova and Shumpert taking shots from beyond the 3 point line instead of a Lebron jump hook from 8 feet.  




 everyone who shares this idea knows nothing about basketball.  




 haha okay boss 




 so? still can't stop him even though he can't shoot 




 hahahah I still think it's funny that he's the "Lebron stopper" when Lebron is averaging 36, 13 and 9.  




 hahahhaha bent penis.  




 This shouldn't even be a conversation. Westbrook was doing it in the regular season, Lebrons doing it on the biggest stage in the profession. No comparison whatsoever.  




 every time a player drives they initiate contact. that's not the formula they use to decide of it was a foul or not. Draymond tried to go in and hammer it down on Moz and Lebron and both were called fouls even though he initiated the contact and both guys went straight up. it's lopsided and there's no way around it 




 That's my interpretation of it actually. I always thought we were seeing exactly what he said he wanted to see, so we don't know if it's actually there or not. but I just think it would have made for a better ending if you closed without seeing Bruce.  




 no, you literally don't know how to read obviously. he isn't getting on JVG. he is saying that because he shits on us so much, when he says WE aren't getting calls, you KNOW we must not be getting calls. it has nothing to do with JVG hate. learn how to read and interpret a sentence bud 




 no. watch it back, half of his drives he got hit on and it should have been a foul. clearly 




 you're retarded and clearly don't know how to read.  




 because he shoots 3s and does drive to the rim 30+ times a game idiot. and it should be called a foul because it's a foul.  




 WHERE. THE FUCK. ARE. THE CALLS. MY FUCKING. LORD.  




 OH MY GOD WHAT IS THE LEAGUES AGENDA WITH THESE GOD AWFUL SHITTY REFS?!?! ITS ATROCIOUS 




 Moz earned it, but he can't guard any wings.  




 correct 




 :'( 




 GOD DAMMIT SHUMP 




 I think Moz's minutes are going to mirror Bogut/Ezeli. he just can't guard wings and if he gets doubled in the post like they've been doing, he won't be able to make that pass that Lebron can make 




 Shumpert is fucking retarded 




 LEBRON NEEDS TO FIGURE OUT THAT WHEN HE DOMINATES THE BALL AND SCORES A LOT, WE WIN.  




 haha nah. just the ones that popped in my head 




 Just meant that I like our chances when guys are throwing up 3s instead of open dunks. Didn't mean they weren't scary 




 Hayden Christensen's acting in Star Wars II and III. 

Why did Nolan choose to show Bruce Wayne and Selena Kyle at the end of The Dark Knight Rises? would have made for a much better "Nolan-like" ending if he hadn't and left it up to the audience to decide what happened. 

 




 and that's why you have no championships, sir. Ego 




 I mean, allay had 34 the other night but he wasn't hot by any stretch in the second half. We bottled him up pretty well after his first half burst. In honestly not as worried about those guys because they're shooters. and it's a make or miss league. you live with those. it's the draymond cuts and back doors for dunks or iggy fastbreaks or Shaun Livingston post ups on smaller guards that can kill us, in my opinion.  




 I never said he didn't fit that bill. I never disputed Marion's ability to contribute in the same fashion Mike could either. I don't know where you got that from. All I'm doing is disputing the fact that Mike can't contribute as well as Marion. They can both help the team, but you said Mike was essentially a waste and Marion needs a shot, all in saying is Mike and Marion both deserve time because they can both contribute.  




 the lineup isn't changing. just can't put timo on iggy, gotta have him on Green. put TT on Barnes and Lebron on Iggy or vice versa. try to weather the storm until those mid quarter subs come in when we can go smaller 




 No, you at Mike Miler because he is a winner who does whatever is necessary to win. Hustle plays are necessary. Making shots is necessary too, but when you don't play a minute for months and then get thrown in a Finals game, you can expect some rust. If he gets minutes, he'll hit shots. Marion can't make shots 




 I've been a Lebron James die-hard follower since '06 because that was the first year I watched basketball. Over the past decade of watching him play, and especially the past 5 years or so, I've learned many things about the way he plays and approaches a playoff series. Game 4s, historically, are his rest game. He doesn't take them off per-say, but he doesn't come out guns blazing like other games. This isn't an accident however, because he has a plan. I think it is a psychological trick he uses to get the other team over confident. because wen game 5 rolls around, he turns it on. he looks different, has a new look in his eyes, new energy. he finds a way to get it done. people counted this team out, then when he started to dominate jumped on the bandwagon, then when they lost and tied the series, dove head first off the bandwagon back onto the Warriors side. What I know is this: Lebron the Underdog is one of the scariest Lebrons you'll ever see. and now that he is back to that spot, look out. I AM CONFIDENT BECAUSE WHEN YOU COME AT THE KING YOU BEST NOT MISS. IT'S MEANT TO BE. I CAN FEEL IT  




 I think the only name you change is the Clippers because what the fuck?
I think you gotta rebrand a lot of teams tho. Like the Raptors? Make it more menacing like a Jurassic park raptor. The Nets need a rebrand, the Magic need a rebrand, the Jazz need one... lot of these teams just have outdated looks to them 




 even with that being true, if the Cavs play their best game, they can beat the Warriors at full strength 




 did you just ignore the original comment? we aren't discussing his shooting 




 you see the way he landed on that leg? could have EASILY seriously damaged his knee if he tried to land normally. have to take the momentum somewhere 




 but the same goes for the Cavs...  




 and miller dove for a loose ball... 




 Yeah, if he was going to have an off game or maybe even take a game off to an extent, game 4 is the one. It only tied the series. Brand new series now and two days rest before 5 and 7 are all we need for Lebron to cement his legacy. I BELIEVE 




 this is the silver lining for me. if everyone is going to have a shitty game, I'm glad it all happened at once. it can only go up from here.  




 lol no. I said Lebron should shoot every time he is single covered. you said he should share the ball. look how that turned out dumb ass 




 Lebron doesn't wanna play. He's dead. Ready for this to be over. Hope he snaps outta this bull shit 




 I knew JR wasn't gonna be worth shit when he rode in the gym on a fuckin scooter 




 Jesus Christ JR is shit. get off the floor damn 




 We need him to not take stupid fading contested shots.  




 DEFENSE WINS CHAMPIONSHIPS!!!!!! LETS GO!!!! 




 OH MY GOD FUCK JOEY CRAWFORD IN THE MOST DISRESPECTFUL WAY POSSIBLE. HE'S AN ARROGANT CHODE WITH A GOD COMPLEX THE SIZE OF KANYE WEST AND AN AGENDA TO ELIMINATE THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS AND TO GET LEBRON INJURED. FUCK THIS GUY  




 Moz and Tristan finna eat 




 Warriors panicking with the lineup change 




 oh, I understand.  




 I don't. he can't shoot midrange like speights, he fouls once every 2 minutes, and the Cavs saw the same film the Warriors did with DLee in. He'll be a virtual non factor  




 but by saying they took their own guys out of the offense by giving Lebron a historic number of touches, you imply that he shouldn't shoot the ball every time he is single covered by guys who can't guard him. if you give other guys shots, you aren't taking advantage of the best mismatch in basketball.  




 first of all, didn't say bounce pass. second of all, you're wrong. go watch the film 




 so you're saying you don't want Lebron shooting when he's single covered? what? the current strategy is to destroy the Warriors strategy. other people don't shoot or get the ball bc the Warriors are too stupid to double him. and when you double him, other guys have open looks and lanes, resulting in better play. come on now, don't be dumb 




 They'll still trap the PnR with Curry, but instead of leaving Lee open on the roll or pop, they'll rotate everybody over a man. So, big man on the opposite side comes over to cover Lee, guy in the corner slides to cover the big man who covered Lee, and you leave the ball side corner man open. if the pass goes there, it's ball side so one of the two trapping Curry can simply close out quickly and recover and you're back in your defensive set. it's not a hard offensive set to counter against, they just didn't have time to do it in Game 3.  




 Yes, but GState hasn't had a lead at the end of any quarter in the entire series with the OT in game 1 being the only exception. They might be able to make it close if the spread gets big, but they haven't proven that they have the mental fortitude to get over the hump. Lebron knows how to close, they don't yet.  




 the cave haven't played their best ball at all! with the exception of Delly, no one on the team has. Lebron has been missing open layups all series, JR can't buy a bucket, Moz can't catch half the time, TT can't make a layup or putback, JJ isn't as hot from 3 as usual... if the Cavs play a sound offensive game for once in the series, they steamroll GState be of how they have proven they can handle them defensively 




 I think the game Lebron has a good shooting night, we'll see something truly historic. Like, he misses 4 or 5 open layups in the first half of game 3. If he just makes those, he's in the 50s while still taking the same number of shots. Can't wait for him to get a hot streak 




 But just like they saw how that worked for them, we did as well. So we had just as much time to gameplan against that lineup and action as they did to implement it. I'm really not worried that much about DLee being in the game. He is a fouling machine anyway 




 strikes me as media savvy. keeps all eyes on him and dumb media fluff instead of basketball and his team. allows the team to stay focused 




 don't. don't say that.  




 A bro you can enjoy some afternoon Friends with, is a bro indeed.  




 not with back spasms he cant 




 nope. Delly wasn't on him in the 4th* when he got hot. Delly was dehydrated and that made the Cavs have to switch screens and put Shump on him instead of Delly. that won't happen next game 




 It didn't result in a lead in any quarter in the entire series except for the OT of game one. and that one wasn't bc of good shooting, team made 1 fg in that period. all free throws 




 Then why did he win MVP? Because he can dribble well sometimes? I'm still confused about how a guy with worse stats overall than the other 5 guys in consideration won the award that says you're the most important and valuable player in this league, simply because he has god handles. which any And 1 player has. So stupid 




 "vast majority" 




