 Suck it losers! 




 Lasers is the obvious right answer. 




 My answer: a lighter. 

Also, why'd you specify it may not be food? If it's only one item and it must be something you can see atm, and has to be something you can carry, why the fuck would anyone say food? That twinkie isn't gonna help for shit for an entire month. 




 I... I don't even know what this person was getting at... did you ask by chance? 




 And yet there will always be new and amusing/creative answers to read every time, because not everyone that reddits is always online at the same time on the same subreddit. 

[Imagine that!]( http://imgur.com/uW8OMR5 ) 




 Gold. 




 Scott Walker vs Ted Cruz. I don't care who wins. 




 There's a guy who comes into the gas station I work at who won a significant amount of money in 2004 from the lottery. He still buys lottery tickets, and drives a nice car but other than that he seems like a perfectly normal person. He has a job, he only buys 3 types of tickets (depending on annuity) for a max of 4 dollars. He's a nice guy. 




 Both. Depends on the situation. 




 Crooked teeth, flat feet, horrible eyesight. 




 Dogs cannot be healthy on a meat/animal product free diet and this has been proven countless times... you ain't going to hell for this bro, that shits legit fucked up. 

/r/wtf or /r/rage might be more suitable. 




 Thanks for reminding me how hungry I am cause I skipped breakfast this morning. :-( 









 Politely refusing to let a police officer search your property without a warrant or probable cause. 

If they ask "Would you mind?" and you say "I'd rather you didn't" and they ask again "It'll only take a second and it'll help clear things up" they likely don't have enough probable cause or a warrant and you can hold your ground with your "No." perfectly legally.

Sometimes cops ask even though they do have legal precedence, as a courtesy, and sometimes their claimed legal precedence won't hold up in court. 




 That's one hell of a jump 




 Imgur.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imgur

 The company was started inAthens, Ohioas Alan Schaaf's side project as he attendedOhio Universityforcomputer science. The service, which the creator describes as "an image hosting service that doesn't suck", was created as a response to the usability problems encountered in similar services. Originally designed as a gift to the online community ofReddit,[9]it took off almost instantly, jumping from a thousand hits per day to a million total page views in the first five months.[10]The website became widely recognized following its rise to popularity onsocial newswebsites such asRedditandDigg.[11]

Can't find the link, but before he officially started it he did state on reddit that he was going to create an image hosting site that didn't suck.


He definitely delivered. 




 I've never been kicked out of an actual physical real world place so I'll tell you about the time I was banned from a subreddit.

I was banned from /r/creepypms for "victim shaming" by pointing out that when someone initiates a conversation in a blatantly creepy fashion on a random chat app, and despite the giant "BLOCK USER" button, and the giant "END CHAT" button, *and* the giant "REPORT USER" button, you chose to continue conversing with said obvious creep for 45 minutes feigning offense, you're no longer a "victim". You're and amused person seeing how far this will go for extra karma on reddit.

Might also wanna point out that the comment section was full of people saying things like "oh my goodness! I'm so sorry you had to deal with that OP. *Hugz.* I hope your day gets better."

Wtf, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills here. OP could very easily have ended the chat immediately. 




 I can't really say that I *believe there is other life in the universe,* but I'm comfortable saying that I *believe there's a very high probability of past present or future life existing elsewhere in the universe.* 




 As long as your question isn't a direct copy of something already on the front page (sometimes this doesn't even matter) then it's a combination of luck, timing, and a few good/witty responses from other Redditors shortly after posting it.

Edit: also completely stupid questions like "reddit how do I tell if this girl likes me?" will never make it. Obviously. 




