 That's why I'm leaving my PA plate on, to show you that it's a transplant who CAN drive. 




 Clearly I'm not good at that 




 Memories? We still never found out whats in the safe! You can't go yet! 




 Thanks, fixed. 




 I'm terrible with titles, but it really screamed brainwash when I told him he can be wrong too and he stated "not possible, the truth is the truth. God is who he is. I know this for a fact, I would die for it." 




 http://imgur.com/a/jMHJC 









 PC and Xbox One. I've been on a GTA 5 kick (Xbone) lately, and an Unturned kick on PC. 




 Every account on reddit is a bot except you.

 




 Just woke up again, keep the thread alive! 









 I'm not your pal, bro. 




 Two towers fall. 




 It'll never end. 




 Networks and systems would always be working well, to the best of our ability anyway. (network engineer) 




 Holy shit. The ending seriously went through me. Wow, truly a wtf.  




 No, make dank memes. 




 Waterfox if you run 64 bit. I am absolutely in love and refuse to use anything else. 




 and you get an upvote. 




 jet 




 melt 




 Jenny 




 The worst. 




 Into oblivion you go. 




 Marijuana, I heard somebody did the weed once and he turned gay. 




 Beam 




 The chorus to "What Does the Fox Say?" plays on an eternal loop. 




 Peer pressure from friends is a sonofabitch. 




 Raleigh, NC. Shoes off in the house. 




 Jenny 




 "If it's in a word or in a look, you can't get rid of the Babadook." 




 Dude is such a beast. 




 Blood. Lots of wrong color blood. I would also assume violence is involved too. 




 Exactly my point. 




 We hugged an extremely dark site to death. Site is down. 




 Pressing B at the right time (or any other variation) to increase your chances of catching a Pokemon.


They say it don't, but it do. 




 Tanya is already coming back. 




 I had this issue as well, I have a custom rig that plays anything and everything. Apparently Unturned is not-so-efficient and uses way too much resources. Unfortunately to alleviate this workaround, I just clear any non essential process before I play. 




 Yea man, we get to keep on keepin on! 




 Nobody's fucking with you man...[Check it out](http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Joe-Dirt-2-Happening-Here-Specifics-67643.html) 




 Ah, a bar of soap in my coffee. Good one Farva 




 Judging by his locations and phone numbers, im pretty sure this dude is very close to where I live. lol
 




 Yea, I agree. It's the combination of so many different driving styles it makes it seem like everyone is bad. 




