 If I Stay. Loved the book so much, even if it's YA. Stayed up half the night reading it and the other half reading the sequel. Movie was just... meh.

Also The Road.  




 No Country for Old Men 




 Assistant Manager. My S5 counts anywhere from 22000-28000. Fitbit Charge counts around 16000-20000. I think the S5 is a little generous with the step counts.

I work ten hours a day, half hour lunch.  




 My dad had a kid five years ago (dad is 48).

I've seen her probably 15 times since she was born and she's a really cool kid but since the age difference is so huge, she doesn't really feel like my sister. It's probably a little different than your situation because I'm not very close with my dad, him and my mom separated when I was 2 and from then on he was kind of a deadbeat. And she's a half sister.

However, once she gets older I can't wait to have a relationship with her as a sister. Take her to movies, lunch, things like that.

Kids are easy. Say "wow, really?!" a lot and act interested in what they have to say. They love it. 




 You could have a sit down with her, say "look, we're both busy, I know shit gets crazy sometimes but we both need to do our fair share of the cleaning. If you're going to have a cat, you need to clean up after it".

If she doesn't get it and reverts back to what she normally does, I would just hold out until August and hang out in your room. If she asks why, say you don't want to smell like pee. Maybe she'll get the hint.

I was in a situation like this with two roommates, and one didn't have a job. She just let the house get so disgusting to the point where my boyfriend and I moved out and never spoke to them again, despite being good friends for 5 years. It's hard to be friends with someone when you realize how gross they are.

Some people are slobs and always will be. Your roommate might be one of those people. 




 Pen refills. Especially when they come in with like a big ass bag of pens they got from like banks and stuff and want refills for every one. Kill me.

Dated also sucks. And telephones.  




 Yeah that's kind of where I'm at now. We made a meal earlier that we have made multiple times in the past and we usually finish it, and then have a snack later.

We didn't even get close to finishing it and we were both super full. He had a snack later, but I was good for hours afterward until dinner. 

It is gross and really unnecessary. I've been reading the nutrition facts on stuff and lately he has too. A couple hours ago he was going to eat one of those Hersheys cookies and cream bars, read the nutrition facts and said "nope" and tossed it aside. 

I'm sure if you continue to do things, they might rub off on her. Unless she has absolutely no desire to be healthy, then there might be a problem. If you really believe it's effecting your progress though you should definitely talk to her.  




 If it probably hasn't happened yet, it probably won't.

I'm actively trying to eat better -- no fast food, no chips, minimal soda, lots of water, no eating after 8 o'clock. 

My boyfriend of ten years was kind of on board for the first few days and that's tapered off. But at night when he's having a bowl of cereal after dinner (yeah he does that too) and I'm quietly judging him while drinking a glass of water, he notices that "huh, maybe I'm not hungry" and won't finish it. Also if he's eating out of a bag of chips and sees me eating an apple, he'll just have a few instead of half the bag.

If you honestly think she has a problem with overeating, tell her. I've told my boyfriend that and vice versa. If there's open communication it shouldn't be an issue. 

If you're just annoyed because she gets to have the bowl of cereal and you don't, you're probably gonna need to get over it. Sit next to her with a glass of water and some fruit and see what she does. If you see her slurping the milk, it's probably hopeless. 




 I had to do pretty much all the cycle counts for my entire store last year for inventory, having never did a cycle count before. 

Paper was the worst. The confusing shit with the 10 of SKU 513099 is one SKU of 513096 and that business put me over the edge. Plus counting every... single... ream and every... single... pack of photo and specialty paper. It took me and one other person like all day. 




 So my boyfriend and I have had Blast! Plus for a couple years. I wanted cable so a year ago we added their super economy cable (30 channels or so, half are home shopping channels). They added that for free, and then it would be $30 or something a month after the year. 

The year rolled around and we called them and said we didn't want the cable anymore, they said they would just give it to us for free. That was a couple weeks ago. And I just realized we have HBO on Demand and all of the HBO channels except for the HD ones. 

They never mentioned this to us, it's nowhere on our bill. Did they fuck up, or with every service change do they throw in a trial of HBO? 




 If it's been a month I'll doubt you get a call. If they were actually looking for people you would have gotten a call or an email by now. 




 You'll get used to it. 









