 Bizar wij hadden best wel veel seksuele voorlichting, zelfs een dildo race. Dat je allemaal een condoom krijgt en dan groep tegen groep zo snel mogelijk allemaal je condoom om een dildo krijgen en er weer af halen om de beurt.  




 Horeca kan je goed verdienen zeker als je dichtbij het strand woont, misschien heb je kennissen met een eigen bedrijf waar je wat kan klussen?
  




 kan die beter roepen fuck het hele land want we kijken er allemaal naar. 




 cannot afford housing, spends 10.000+ dollars on sleeping bus.  




 Valerio International vond ik ook leuk om te zien! Heel tof om te zien, al dat Nederlandse talent verspreid over de wereld en wat heeft die man van Sensation eigenlijk een mooi bedrijf.  




 Ik kan de link niet echt leggen tussen het koningshuis en zwarte piet? 




 Wow she is good looking! 









 Thanks!  




 Not the Breninkmeijer family, he is married with Boekhoorns daughter. 




 Never ever seen a hot dog like that in the Netherlands / Amsterdam. 




 Last 2 years or so the hate against Jews is seriously thru the roof. 









 Naughty America, no one does it better. 




 The dedication, passion and contribution of Muller is insane. He just goes and goes. Very impressive! 




 is your 34-40 bpm heart rate while sleeping? Or just when you are chilling behind your computer and fully awake? 




 and what are these:

http://imgur.com/RKukCS8

No cardiologist here, just interested.  




 How can you get the snap10? Is doesn't show up in my appstore or amazone appstore 




 Wow good luck!  




 My granddad died of this disease, its brutal.  




 If it's a BV you will find it on www.kvk.nl and NV also but 99% of the time the NV's just publish there fiscal year reports on there website. If you are researching if a company has credibility I would use BKR Tiel. Or the bigger american company's Moody's or Standaard and Poor's.
Your embassy can help you out also and if you are client of the bigger accounting firms; PWC, Ernst   Young (EY) or KPMG they are widely represented in the Netherlands.
Good Luck! 




 Hi Docs,

Is it ok for a patient (me) when I visit my doctor to come up with some diseases I found on the internet? But very well thought out so all symptoms fit and I did a lot of research. I'm currently in a situation where my doctors also don't know at the moment what is going on with me exactly, but they do know something isn't right. 

For example I had a hypophysitis but we only found out because I had done research myself and noticed that all my symptoms where the same as Addisons Disease or low cortisol and I informed my doctor and he drawed some blood and from there on all the doctors did the rest off course  and I also failed the stimulation test by the way.
Luckily with the proper treatment this is 100% gone now.

But do doctors hate this? Or do doctors see this as annoying? 

I'm asking this because I want a good patient/doctor relationship. 




 making dragon ball Z character themed websites for fun with dreamweaver and Delta Force land warrior. 









 Wanneer kappen die lui is, waar ze voor staan is prima, 
Maar bezetten zie ik gewoon als inbreken (betreden van eigen terrein) en volgens meneer Rutte mag je zulke mensen een goed pak rammel geven.

Dit is geen demonstreren. 



 




 That would be terrible, although I think he will just go to work tomorrow, he should be way to happy with the new job that something like this shouldn't knock him out!  




 No it's not clear, first he says he wants to be nice, then he gives him one subject "reddit", the new guy obviously hasn't got any clue what OP interest more. My guess is that the new guy is very shy or just is trying to be nice. 

The best thing OP could do is just say Hi I like more stuff then reddit, for example basketball or baseball or what so, or he would be honest and say we started of the wrong foot.

What OP did now is fucked up, obviously his co-worker is reading this TIFU and he or she will feel ashamed tomorrow or will be straight off pissed or he doesn't give a shit.

Great way to welcome your new co-workers! 




 Last 10 years it has become much and much nicer with the new train station and the Zuidpoort!

Well at the cafe's and bars the coffee is most of the time pretty decent.

Glad you enjoyed it!  




 Born and Raised in Delft checking in. Where did you get the good coffee? 




 I remember the post! Congrats!

From those two I would pick Amsterdam, but if you get the chance to go to Leiden I would choose Leiden, It's close to Amsterdam, The Hague and Rotterdam but it's all personal taste. Maybe you should visit both cities before you make a choice if you have the possibility.

Good luck! 

 




 Dude just share more about yourself, he really wants to talk with you but he has no clue about what. Don't act like such a dick head and show some interest in some of your co-workers.
 




 Why an intern for you marketing position? It's probably gonna make or brake your whole company especially in the beginning the marketing department. Find a good companion or a more experienced marketing employee.

but back to you question, did you tried twitter/linkedin/Instagram? Maybe here on Reddit? Approach NYU directly not only looking around on there website but call them and ask them if they want to put your company in there database for students.

Maybe there is a blogger in your city who is blogging about your profession or product category. If you have done market research you would probably already know a couple. Ask them they probably have friends how need some internship.

You still have Columbia and Berkeley College in NYC and a couple more. So there is a lot of opportunities here. 




 He shouldn't resign, he should get back in the operation room and do his actual profession: cardiac surgeon.  




