







































 I can assure you, Rand Paul is not my hero. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I suppose you could say the same thing about Christianity.  His brother George was one such Christian "barbarian." 























































































































































































































































































 You don't.  Get some more training. 




 "Rehosted content" is an article or opinion piece that is cut and pasted by a website from an author-authorized publishing source.  Ron Paul authorized antiwar.com and other websites to publish his original columns and therefore this was not "rehosted."  You may want to check with more experienced moderators that have been on reddit for more than two years before deleting articles and columns in the future. 














 So you will delete any post of a Eugene Robinson column that isn't directly linked to the Washington Post website?  Yeah, I didn't think so.  Ron Paul has been writing columns for antiwar.com since its inception.  Don't bring your own political leanings into moderating.  I'm sure you would have no problems with a "rehosted" column written by Elizabeth Warren. 




 The article is an original piece by a longtime columnist for antiwar.com.  If you disagree with the content, fine, then say so, but don't use a bogus excuse to delete the article from the front page of /politics where it had been for most of the day. 











































































































































 Why release only these 22? 







































