




 Don't forget the impact of lead poisoning. 







































   What type of person goes on line pretending to be something so that they can make a group look bad. 

A troll.

Unless they're getting paid, in which case they are, as you said, a shill. 




 Great bathrooms, though. 




 That's because this is the same form they use when you're making a noise complaint or whatnot.  
































































 No, no. Cut them in half, cover with a maple-dijon sauce, roast at 350.

Alternatively, if you like to saute things, saute with bacon until good and caramelized, let cool, mix in sour cream. 




 Same as you roast any other vegetable - cover with oil and spices and perhaps a sauce, toss it in the oven at 350 until cooked. 




 Well, all dark leafy greens, even those not related to the brassica family, do tend to have similar nutrients.  




 It's a myth. Is it true you guys boil yours instead of roasting or steaming them? 




 Nice. You should crosspost that at /r/infographics 




 Mustard, the condiment, is made from mustard seeds and other things. You'd want to eat mustard greens to get the benefits of kale without eating kale. 




 Yes you are. It's a root vegetable, like turnips (another brassica), but less peppery. You can eat it raw in salads, or you can roast it just like you would a potato (or turnip). It's very crunchy, with a mild flavor. 




 Mustard is certainly a brassica, along with the above list and also turnips, bok choi, and (more distantly) radishes.

If you see mustard greens in the market, you'll see they're similar to turnip greens and kale. And if you ever plant cabbage or cauliflower, you'll see the seeds are very similar to mustard seeds. 

Wikipedia is the one in error if they don't list mustard as a member of the brassica family. 




 I made that same mistake before reading the article, to be honest. 










































































 Undoubtedly, but plenty of people don't realize exactly how many we've been involved in so far. 




 Didn't really think that one through, did they. 




 What the hell were they gonna do in Canada, mooch off the single payer healthcare system? 




 Is that a promise, Glenn? 




 Doesn't make us all one big happy family. 




 For goodness sake, somehow I didn't see when I searched. Aaaaaand now I do and feel silly. 
































































 I think the blame here goes both ways. I should not post when sleepy. 









 No, I was replying to you suggesting I might downvote your comment :)

I felt I should reply, but it was too late to say anything substantial. SO SLEEPY. (But shall I go to bed? Not likely. Hypocrisy, thy name is me.) 




 Downvoting people when you've asked them for their opinion is asinine, at best. 









 Care to elucidate? I'm always interested in hearing more :) 
























 Indeed.  




 Not that different. Babylon 5 managed to have gays, and that's contemporary with Deep Space 9. 




 Is it still George Washington's axe if we replace the handle once and the blade twice? 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus

If you come up with a definitive answer, I think there's a Nobel prize in it for you. 




 Welcome to the wide world of discontinuity.

http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FanonDiscontinuity

For example, pretty much everybody agrees that Threshold never happened. It's an awful episode. Throw it out the window!

http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discontinuity/LiveActionTV

If you scroll down, they have a lot of examples of popular "nope never happened" occurrences in Star Trek. 




 If you have to stand around waiting for the paint to dry before you can leave, you're still painted into it for the duration. 




 Those episodes are at least female-centered, so I'm okay giving a half-pass. (Other opinions may vary, and this is okay.) 




 Buffy fans argue all the time. I mean, maybe not your mom, but on the whole. 




  It was the execution that failed.

I suspect that's the crux of the Voyager hate. I mean, it's not a bad series - not great, but hell, there are plenty of episodes from each series that are really awful. But when you compare what might have been to what we got... geez.  




   I don't like Neelix and Kes together  it works on paper, but they have absolutely no chemistry together.

You know, if they'd settled that issue properly, that would have made sense. Neelix and Kes hooked up because of the whole way they met and how she got rescued. This is not such an uncommon story, and oftentimes couples that start this way find out later that they're not suited for each other. 

But they never resolved it properly, which means that instead of a proper story we have... a couple with no chemistry and you don't know why they stay together. 




  Paris works quite well, though towards the end of the series it's ridiculous how many things they have him doing or being an expert it.

Yes, it is. There's no reason they couldn't have fobbed some of that off on Harry, given him something to do besides lack any form of growth. Harry could've been the more or less competent medic, and we could have seen that all those Holodeck programs were the combined efforts of Harry and Tom together rather than Tom being a good writer and a decent programmer as well.

That's two complaints with one fix. 




 You know, Jeri Ryan is a surprisingly good actor. You keep thinking she's just male gaze eye candy, but she just keeps surprising you! 




 The Q episodes on Voyager are the only Q episodes I am willing to watch. (Well, other than the single scene where Q get punched by Sisko, that's great.) Which is good, because I utterly refuse to watch any episode with the Borg Queen, so it evens out.

Ugh, the Borg Queen. If she's going to be creepy and sexually repressed, I want to know why she doesn't just modify a drone to... well, anyway, those episodes make me cringe in all the bad ways. 




 The good episodes could be really good, and there weren't too many cringe-worthy clunkers.

Unfortunately, most episodes were just... eh. They weren't good, they weren't bad, they were simply watchable.

However, I will point out something I really liked, although it's hard to explain why. In one episode on Voyager, the whole crew is going crazy trying to solve this brain teaser puzzle. On TNG, a fad like that had a decent shot of being an evil alien conspiracy. On Voyager, it was just a fad like the last one Paris spread around - yo-yos! I don't know why, but that tickled me pink. 




  Can you honestly say you'd be entirely happy continuing the relationship?

Well, I'd be a little weirded out, but I like to think that I'm dating/married to this person for who they are, not how they look. If I'm not going to split up with them for getting into a car accident and losing a limb, or for growing older, or for suddenly developing an inconvenient allergy, or for getting cancer, then I certainly hope I'm not going to ditch them for a relatively minor cosmetic change!

How shallow do you think we all are, anyway? 




 Or 3 - Star Trek diverged from our universe somewhat earlier than previously supposed. 




 Actually, people do like them. Comics with Miles Morales *sell*. That's why they're introducing him in the main universe. 




 Buuuuut that's exactly what we're talking about - Peter Parker training Miles Morales as Spiderman. Did you read the article? 




 It's not making Parker gay. It's bringing Miles Morales into the main universe, and they're only doing this because stories with Miles Morales sell. I don't even *read* comics, I gleaned this all from my nieces, and it makes perfect sense to me.

They're doing what *makes money*. That's what they *always* do. 




 You do realize that the original Annie was a blonde, right? And that Thor was a frog for a while? 




 He's saying that Spiderman shouldn't be Miles Morales. 





































































 You're looking at a correlation and assuming a causation. There's no evidence for this.
 




 How odd. I don't know how that happened, thanks for catching it. 












































 It's the context. People only ever say that to imply that so-and-so got the job due to their race or sex, and not on their merits. 




 Because people never say that in a vacuum. Instead, they say it specifically to non-whites and women to oh-so-subtly imply that *really* those people only got the job due to affirmative action and not because they are the most qualified.

It's all about the context, and just about the only context in which people say this is to insult those they believe - on zero evidence - should have let a white man get the job instead. 




 Worse news for the refugees, I should think.

The developed world is facing a population crunch. They're going to have to either accept more refugees and immigrants or watch as their numbers dwindle into irrelevancy.

They're reluctant to do the former because they're worried about the new demographics, but the latter isn't actually a viable plan. 









 That's very close to 1% of the worldwide population. 









 You're assuming that DarthGregor wasn't raised by two men or two women already.

And yes, I would say that in front of my mother (or my father, were he still alive). I'd also say I'd be just as happy had I been switched at birth with some other kid, because I would be. Why not? I wouldn't know any different.

And don't forget, most gays  who want kids adopt. A child in foster care would be grateful for *any* permanent, loving family. This isn't an either/or proposition for them. 




 You are aware that half of all gay people ARE women, right? 




 We certainly can't if your response to people who disagree with you is "oh, I think you're lying, welp, best stop talking about it!"

Drives me batty when people throw these things out like we'll all agree, and then refuse to engage with people who don't.

The difference between you and me is *I know people who grew up in households headed by same-sex couples*. I also know people who were raised by grandparents, or by their aunts and uncles, and I know people who were raised in foster care. That last group is the only one that spends much time worrying they would have had a better childhood had they been raised differently, because *any* permanent family would have been better than being shuffled around. 

I don't need to resort to hypotheticals, because I have observation on my side. 




 These people don't interact with the world in any sort of meaningful way, as near as I can tell. I know people who have grown up with gay parents, they're as happy and well-adjusted as anybody else. I know people who have grown up in foster care, they'd've been happier for ANY permanent family, no matter what the composition. 

And I've got the studies to back up the observation of my life. These people don't, which is why they have to rely on random hypotheticals, because they apparently don't realize that there are people who already live their oh-so-scary lives and are just fine. 




 Probably would be if more people were aware of them. They're harmless, and they're reusable. 

There are a few potential problems here, though. For one thing, not all women can use menstrual cups, and for another, those who can aren't all shaped the same way and a cup that works for one might not work for another. 




 They're reusable. You probably ought to boil them if you've had a yeast infection, and some women prefer to boil them every cycle, but you don't need to do so - simply washing with soap and water at the end of your cycle is sufficient. 




 It's not solely due to lack of funds. I mean, if that were the case I'd be glad to donate a freaking case of Divacups, but our damned punitive mindset... geez. 














 Sadly, it's normally racist. 




 About 3% of the population of the US identifies as gay or bisexual. 

However, there is a glaring problem with this number, and that's the fact that it depends on self-identification. We just don't know how many people have same-sex attractions but are unwilling to admit it, even on an anonymous survey. Heck, some of them might not admit it to themselves.

Edit: Google suggests that the percentage of people under 35 who identify as gay or bi is slightly higher than 3%, this is consistent with my speculation above. 




 Alex, I'll take pointless hypotheticals for $1000, please.

If I had two dads, that would be my normal. I'd be okay with that. If i had two moms, that would likewise be my normal. If I was raised by my grandma, or by Ma and Pa Kent, *that would be normal to me*.

No matter how we grow up, that's our basis of comparison. So long as they're loved, children thrive. 




















































































  I think it's important to recognize people who have done great things for America. For example, I'm Jewish. I can't really name a Jew who's done something major for America, even though I'm sure there are buttloads. 

Jean Lafitte.
Albert Einstein.
Jerry Siegal :P 



































































































 It's certainly going to be interesting to see how the maps get redrawn once this all shakes out. I mean, we're in for a long wait on that front, but.... 





































































 At least, once they were taken to the edge of the valley and shown they weren't "real", they worked out that whoever programmed them probably made it so they'd never explore too far. 




 Have you considered a graywater system for flushing your toilet? 




 Into the ocean, mostly. It IS a closed system - but you and I can't drink salt water. 




 Like Sandy?  




 You're forgetting the part where coastal flooding will be *salt* water. 




 Most of the planet is oceans. Most rain eventually hits an ocean - not land. Once it hits the ocean, it mixes with the salt water there and becomes salty. You can't drink salt water. You can't irrigate your crops with salt water. 




 We are. But you can't drink salt water. 




 You skimmed, didn't you. 




 Picture group therapy.

On the one hand, a mixed group will have a lot of women who, understandably, may not be comfortable discussing their rapes in front of men.

On the other, you have men who as a result of their rape may be feeling emasculated or other things like that and might feel even more uncomfortable by the unspoken implication that only women get raped.

In this particular case, it makes sense to have two groups. 




 When you're stimulated enough, your body responds, whether you want to or not. A woman can certainly manipulate the penis until it gets hard or even orgasms. Difficult as it is to believe, there doesn't have to be desire for this to happen. There are many cases in war-torn places, for example, where men and boys have been forced to rape their sisters, daughters, or grandmothers. Obviously they didn't want to do this.

Women can also force cunnilingus or anally rape others. 




 In Sweden, or...? 




  Problem is if everyone is guaranteed basic income it'll never work, Inequality is practical essential for an economy to work

Citation needed. 




 Yes, and were replaced by other things. Where are the replacements this round? 




 Well, perhaps all that money does make people stupid. 




