 [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7VuGknEfQY) is her full vision from the House of the Undying. 

Edit: That second paragraph might be one of my favorite new theories. Thanks for that! I couldn't think of the parallel's - with her family being up there I mean - and now it makes so much more sense. They did say some heavy clues were laden throughout season 2 for future episodes. Would be huge to see some of this come to fruition.  




 Great point. Last night's really put that into perspective. 

TV spoilers below. 

So many things seem so trivial now but conversely, a lot of the feuds between houses could impact so much in the grand scheme of things. Bolton v Baratheon will determine if we see an entire army aid in the fight against the wights. Dany will most likely learn of what is really going on beyond the wall and focus her attention there. Tyrion will have to be our champion here. Her dragons now hold a huge key to forging weapons to fight the most dangerous threat known to their world. So she better learn to tame those things. And Bran is acting as Frodo did in LOTR. A huge burden to bear, essentially alone. We all probably suspect he and his contingent will be a huge asset to the fight against the Night King and his army. Not to mention so many others. My brain hurts. So many possibilities and all we can do is sit at the mercy of D D/GRRM. 

Edit: grammar 









 Hold on guys I gotta charge my pants. 




 [Link is diggin this J, right Link?](http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l7qutxYUts1qc0m6fo1_500.jpg) 









 This guy is correct.  




 fresh mint 100% 




 Update: we dubbed this brew the Chocolate Chip Girl Stout.  




 Have fun! Definitely intimidating at first but instantly more rewarding.  




 Was at around 63 degrees during primary fermentation. Recipe below. 

http://www.brewersfriend.com/homebrew/recipe/view/13843/chocolate-mint-stout 




 Thanks! Link below. We turned this into a 5g batch.

http://www.brewersfriend.com/homebrew/recipe/view/13843/chocolate-mint-stout

EDIT: we added an extra 1lb of caramel to this recipe. Was around 18 pounds of grain for a 5g batch 









 You get the kid and they don't come with a manual. No YouTube unboxing for children either.  









 Its like having a kid. Not everyone plans on it but if it does happen, its pretty nice - until they shit on you.  




 "where have you been all of this time?!?!" 




 Nice shots! How far back were you? 




 I was 15 at my first Rush show. It was a good year. 




 We watched Dany go through something similar. We were not as attached to her as a character yet. Watching last nights post Wedding scene for me was almost as shocking as the Red Wedding. I'm rooting for Theon to make moves. Although chances are slim.  




 I just think so much of Power Windows and Caress of Steel are underrated. I love 'The Necromancer' and 'Fountain of Lamneth' so much not to mention those tracks helped birth '2112'. Geddy's bass parts on Power Windows are amazing. Namely 'The Big Money', 'Grand Designs' and 'Marathon'. 




 Happy birthday! What kind of kettle is that? Looks sweet.  




 Jury Duty 




 just so everyone knows, these are not actual McDonalds sandwiches.  




