 HIVmind "Intelligence" 




 When your product comes packaged like this in the first place. 




 [Correct](https://www.facebook.com/healthgoth) 




 Looks like an accurate depiction of market share of wood pallets nearly. 




 [This guy always intrigued me.](https://i.imgur.com/9dgDj.jpg) 




 Oh no lookit the little prementum! 




 (https://i.imgur.com/D7Xp4BQ.jpg) 




 Fair enough, I knew I was stepping out of character by talking in this forum. Normally I just post OC. Cranky prestidigitating folks like you will make sure I stay doing my job instead of socializing. :D 




 This is silly, companies that make that much money on selling phones should just replace the device, and companies that make different voltage ratings for chargers on purpose are the ones spurring this problem in the first place IMO. USB connectors are supposed to be a standard, so if you're charging by a microUSB plug and it fries your device, it's because an engineer somewhere was more than likely TOLD to create a device with a different voltage rating SO that users would be punished for using 3rd party products.

I've got 5 useless data cables that don't work with my Samsung phone because they play games with pins and voltages just so you have to buy their specific cable even though it's billed as a USB connection. That's just bullshit. Industry Standard should mean Industry Standard. 




 You like baseball? 









3









 Oh very nice information. Thank you 














 Hey thanks, I am due to get a new batch of noopept in a month or so, and am checking out the site. 




 Thanks! I had a feeling those hairs were no touchy touchy.
Next time, however, knowing how pretty the adult form is, I will make a greater effort to remove it from my house to a safe location rather than summary execution.

I've seen them around before and generally left them be because of their demonic appearance hahaha - I just couldn't have him where he was - about to crawl up under my couch in the corner and possibly re-emerge at some random time. 









 Awesome, thanks

I'll try the noopept sublingually, though I must admit - having seen a complainant about the taste of sulbutiamine below, which I don't mind the taste of - that I think noopept tastes like synthetic cat piss and despise the taste of it haha. 




 The noopept will turn you into a walking TI-83 if you're not careful. Hence MACA 




 Mood boost and more consistent energy levels as well as sex drive. 




 Actually u/MisterYouAreSoDumb had some good remarks here in the thread about why not to do it constantly and given the low up front efficacy I would tend to agree with their rationale. 




 I need a digi but not for vitamins haha. 




 I didn't like the taste until I realized how it made me feel. Now it just tastes like Vitamin to me 




 Oh thanks on that 5htp info.

Re: Noopept I disagree on the super stringent weight requirements. You take a double scoop of the 15 mg scoop they provide and it works wonders and I don't get side effects from it. I still cycle as directed.

Re: Sulbutiamine I agree on the use sparingly axiom. Every time I touch it I feel a good boost and then I leave it alone for weeks. Tolerance definitely was detected in early use. Now with occasional use I always feel a little boost and I feel on point.

But yes point taken on the 5-HTP. I'll back it off to a maintenance thing in case I roll, but I have noticed only long term effects from cessation like a dip in mood at the three week mark from stopping. Any comment on why it would take 3 weeks to do that? Generally while on it I do not notice any serious effect.
 




 I wake up in the morning and drink about a pint of coffee from a french press, drink a Bolthouse Arabica Coffee Protein 30g, and then I take

* MACA 500mg, Ginseng 200mg
* Gingko Biloba 120mg
* Noopept 2-3 scoops ~30-45mg
* Vitamin D^3 4000IUs
* Magnesium Citrate 400mg
* 5-HTP 50mg
* Every week or two I take a fingerprint of Sulbutiamine powder under the tongue and let stand til it absorbs halfway then rinse with water.
* Every week and a half or so I don't take the Noopept for a couple of days.

I've been doing this for the better part of a year now, never get muscle cramps, always remember stuff I swear I'd forget, even stoned, I wake up easily and I sleep easily. [male / 30] 




 He totally plagiarized that from 20th century Poet Fuckboi DuBois. Unoriginal. 




 oh God you guys win. 




 Yeah went to high school with him. 




 OP will then put the balls in his mouth. 




 Fuck yeah son

No Snakes Alive, The Fine Print, Fast Lane
Such a great album 




 I've had terrible sleep in Atlanta, so have 3 other people I've talked to.
I had it on the 26th and 27th though 









 Two cups stuffed 




 TRULY Mildly interesting. 




 Fail
http://www.theonion.com/articles/ryan-seacrest-catches-up-with-captain-phillips-sta,35409/ 




 MACA 









 Oh no he's such a tiner teeners! 




 u r a dsgrace mane 




 Yessssss 









 I'm pretty much always stoned/noopept. I think they pass each other in the hallway and tip hats. I still remember stuff in the sudden flashcard format of noopept whether I'm stoned or not. 









 Hadoukenogens?   Fierce 




 /beatnik snaps/ 









 It looks like we'd all be speaking Portuguese if that had happened. 




 same.. 




 Thank you. I get tired of wading through posts by anti-crusaders. 









 I'm gonna take that shit to India.

thankyoucomeagain

 




 hre's mein

http://i.imgur.com/5HAaQem.jpg 




 This reminds me of how you can't win every game of FreeCell 




 No, ultimately you'll want to bomb or have the house treated, depends on whether you live in an apartment or house, whether you are renting or own, whether other nearby dwellings are infested to your knowledge.. 




 German Cockroach. Terminate with extreme prejudice

Edit: Boric Acid can be used to kill them. Do ALL of your dishes all the time, if you leave anything out, they will find it. 




 +50 for no orifice or genital reference. 




 Usually doesn't cost anything if you show proof/receipts, they just dismiss you after you talk to the Solicitor.

Source: Forgot my tag three years in a row and always fixed it before the court date. Never got a fine except when I failed to appear - $100 for that. 




