 Here's the challenge link (though my Girlfriend and I have upgraded it to include Fairy and one of each generation, so it's more like a 38 day challenge now) - https://www.pinterest.com/pin/440367669790326803/

Here's Day #2 - My favourite Pokemon (Umbreon). Not as happy with this one as the first day, kinda wish they'd left you favourite pokemon of all time until last, but hey ho. A little bit dis-proportioned.
http://imgur.com/k70X5UE 




 Hi Matthew, big fan!

Just about to start Six Sacred Stones- absolutely loved Seven Ancient Wonders. How did you come up with the hanging gardens idea? I've seen some ancient wonder theories before, but never a literal hanging garden like that! Was there a source for that inspiration or just an idea that popped into your head?

Are you signing anywhere in Sydney soon? I'm on a working holiday so would love to catch you before I move on!

Cheers! 




 Guys- give her body the time of day.

You like her curves? Stroke/tickle/lick them.
You like her neck? Nibble it.
You like any other part of her that isn't her sexual organs? Pay attention to it!

Spend the time appreciating her body in its entirety, and you'll be rewarded a lot better than when you dive straight in (pun semi-intended (and that one)).
 The number of guy friends I have (I'm also a guy) that have told me they go straight for the gold...I can't help but ask why!?

Also, when you do get down there, if you use your senses to be aware of your partner, you can tell what's good and what's not. Go slow, be rhythmic and gentle (unless otherwise directed) and pay attention to it all (again) - there's more than just a clit down there. Ya know what I'm sayin'! 




 You, my dear, win at being thrifty. Kudos. *doffs hat* 




 Anyone happen to have these and willing to share? I say eBook as I'm travelling, and can only really read on my iPhone at the moment!

Would love to have them to be able to read one after the other! 




 Should add this in shouldn't I...Okay, consider it unofficially added. 




 Thanks! :) 




 Here's the challenge link; https://www.pinterest.com/pin/440367669790326803/

Here's Day #1 - Myself as a Pokemon Trainer

http://imgur.com/tkTlSuD 




 I'm not looking for anyone to do my work for me- I never use anyone's ideas as they are, I always twist them (even if it's only slightly) to make them my own. I'm really just looking for suggestions to spark off my own ideas (it's how I come up with ideas best).

Thanks for your suggestions though I'll try that and do some digging!

P.s. It's a story (though as I said the story won't be about what happened to the villain) 




 He won't bond to a bird.

Birds don't like him- he's "too loud" remember?

It was the same with Burrich- both of them let someone else manage the Hawks at Buck Keep because they got agitated around him.

There were a couple of other instances, even a piece about it in Fools Assassin, but I forget the exact words. 




 I tip my hat to you. You have pretty much summed up my exact theory (I finished the book yesterday- I know, I know, latecomer), on those two by-blows.

Also, how much do we want Fitz to scream in Shuns face exactly who he is, what he's done for the family, country and world, and why she should STFU and stop being such a spoiled, self-important brat? :)

Further note- wasn't Lant seen dead by Bee as she observed the raiders? 









 This question popped into my mind after reading about the guy who had to have his islocated hip popped back into the joint, only to have his ball literally popped (it had somehow migrated there in the car crash he was in) when the bone snapped back into place.

So, why does it hurt so much, and why does it hurt in the kidney area? 




 Hey guys, some great stuff for me to think about so far, to address your points;

-What I have so far on him; He's an illusionist, he doesn't like showing his true self or exposing himself so often either uses a complete illusion of himself (or how he wishes to be perceived) or a partial-illusion on one of his followers to make it look like "him". He likes to use misdirection - making someone look one way whilst he or his followers go/do something in another. I'm not sure whether he's scared of the vulnerability, has low self-worth or what the reason is for this yet.

I'd like to think he's a good leader, and is nice or at least respectful to his followers/workers.

Remember though guys, this is all background/pre-story the stuff that happens to the "villain" to make him the way he is, so it's NOT the story that will be being told and therefore will not make him look like a victim from having all these things happen to him. I just like to understand the reason behind his motivations - it helps me write better.

EDITED: Removed part about anti-villain; have decided I want him to see EVERYONE else as unworthy, and wants to eliminate all but two of every race so that he can start the world anew. The question I need now is WHY he see's everyone else as unworthy - what made him believe he's special and everyone else isn't?

Note: This doesn't change his leadership status - he still understands that to get results you need to be a good leader, so he just pretends to care to make his underlings follow him and seem like a good leader. 









 I'm looking to set up a series of events that shaped my antagonist the way he is, can any of you suggest bad things to happen to him along the way? (This all takes place before the story, but it shapes who he is, so I need to know - I've got a couple of ideas, like his parents are killed in front of him when he's quite young, he's denied the chance to get revenge, he's belittled and outcast regularly everywhere he goes, but any and all suggestions are good - even if they're not used it'll give me fuel to think!)

Thanks 




 I'd like her to have a terminator-esque glow in one eye, almost like a lense is there instead of the eyeball a couple of wires coming out of her chin/cheeks (maybe change her hair into wires/cables too?) and a couple of tiny tools extending from her fingertips.

A picture for inspiration; https://www.google.com.au/search?q=servitor+40k rlz=1C1PRFC_enGB603GB603 espv=2 biw=1024 bih=509 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=sMvdVIeTNIXdmAWhzoHgAw ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#imgdii=_ imgrc=FQw12CJO_Vb-zM%253A%3B9cDF8XC0Yj8juM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fvignette2.wikia.nocookie.net%252Fwarhammer40k%252Fimages%252F4%252F49%252FSamech_Redemption_Servitor.jpg%252Frevision%252Flatest%253Fcb%253D20120707010129%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwarhammer40k.wikia.com%252Fwiki%252FSamech_Redemption_Servitor%3B374%3B557

If anyone can go further and add some sort of matrix-like symbol text that looks like its inside her "lense" eye that'd be even better.

Here's my friend's picture; http://imgur.com/dAQXEFa

Thanks to anyone who tries! 




 I think the natural one is better, but thank-you so much! That's really great work :) So happy! 




 Hi guys, there isn't any special reason behind this request; I just really love the simplicity of this sign and symbol. I went there early on in my backpacking trip, with a bunch of great friends, and it was an awesome memory.

I love the sign, but it's hard to look at it properly due to the shadows and smudges on the metal - any chance someone could clean it up for me and brighten those shady areas so it looks clean and naturally (evenly) bright?

Here's the picture; http://imgur.com/ruumOpT 




 Males of Reddit, what do you do with your armpit hair? Leave it to grow wildly? Trim it? Style it? Shave it off completely?

Women of Reddit (and those who like Men also), what are your preferences on Men's armpit hair? 









 ^ This awesome person delivered. 




 Only just discovered the existence of this book online, and really want to read it - read the first few pages on Amazon's "look inside me" feature, and now can't wait to get my hands on it!

Anyone able to help me out?

EDIT: Unfortunately I'm travelling at the moment, so wouldn't be able to offer any other books in exchange right now, so it'd have to be an act of generosity. Though I am willing to keep the generous soul's details to provide them with a list of my books up for offer when I do eventually return home :) 




 Hey all,

I need a convincing way to get two characters to meet...one [M] is a rogue/thief type character, running away from the authorities to try and escape the city, and the other [F] is a mage with (at this point) no interest in him (or knowledge about him). I want something that would mean she'd go with him, but isn't romantically baesd (they don't get together).

Thks forany ideas! 




 Just to clarify, I don't want NSFW- I want her breasts to be covered, though shoulders/upper chest can be bared to show the markings.  




 Hey guys, I'm looking for a concept image of a fantasy character that I want to write about.

I'd like the energy/magic tattoos from the first image combined with the weapon types of the second, though I'd like it to be female please. Feel free to experiment with her looks/hair.

Here are the two images;

http://imgur.com/sjM2jdq,MhJ9REO

Thanks to any and all who try, and I'm open to drawings/paintings/graphic art, whatever gets the concept together! 




 Thanks guys. 




 Basically like Google Translate, where you can put in an English (or other language) word, but it shows ALL (or at least a lot) of languages' translated words? 














 That's my point - the government shut down the Forensic Science Service in the middle of my second year of university, meaning that suddenly all the Forensic work was private, and there are a load of Forensic-qualified and experienced people out there, more experienced and qualified than me, without jobs, and not enough jobs to go around. So I'm looking for other options. 




 With a Forensic Science degree (when there aren't a lot of Forensic Science jobs going thanks to the UK government), what are other options? Would like to consider everything. Currently backpacking in Australia. 




 Are you in the US or Australia? 




 Money can be raised though, right? With investments from companies? (Though I understand that they're limited to a certain value) 




 That's...actually a pretty good rule of thumb. Court the people, as it were. Nice idea. 




 If I was ever going to run for any kind of politics, I'd run with my own politics, whether or not that was "the party's" politics. If that meant I didn't get whatever gig I was going for, then so be it, but I wouldn't want to compromise on my own beliefs like we see a lot of the big politicians do. 




 If, for example, you wanted to aim at the big office at 10 Downing Street, what route would you need to take? 




 I'm a backpacker, so any good books kindly gifted would be very happily received.

I tend to try anything, but my chosen genres are generally sci-fi and fantasy, though I do read crime/thriller books on occasion. For example, my favourite books are Lord of the Rings, the Inheritance Cycle, His Dark Materials, and Robin Hobb's Fitz/Fool series. I always enjoy James Patterson, and other, similar, crime authors.

FYI I'm in NSW, Sydney at the moment, but in three weeks time I'll be in rural NSW for a week, then travelling northwards! 




 Back in MY day there was no such thing as Pokemon, Internet, Computers, Mobiles, Apps, DVD/Blu-Ray, and the only 3D we had was pictures in a comic book that you looked at with glasses that had one red lense and one blue. 




 This'd make a great reaction gif with the right precursor material. 









 We used to wrestle a lot when we were younger- I picked him up around the waist to throw him and down and in my enthusiasm lifted him up so he hit his head against the lightbulb (with considerable force).

It was on, and bits of glass shot everywhere!  




