 Supposedy he said, "Suck my d***, bitch" source -- https://twitter.com/getnickwright/status/596320391246807042 









 The UFC would fire all those fighters and give raises to everyone else to rub it in 





























 because these are atrocious covers... these guys wouldn't sound good singing anything 












































 Oh come on, this is just ridiculous. For starters, it's not as if Jones has taken that much damage. Furthermore, his problems go back quite a ways, and even precede his fight with Gustaffson, his most brutal encounter yet.

Instead of making excuses, why not call it like it is. He's a super young kid who became a millionaire super fast. He was immature and made a rash of bad decisions. But because he was the champ, and past mistakes were overlooked, he was feeling invincible.

Brain damage? come on. As if this is the first time a young athlete with way too much money has made a string of horribly bad life decisions. 




 my kinda man! 



























































 i want rampage to respond!
 








































































































 You crazy for this one OP! 
























 Dayum.. JBJ had/has it all and, cliche as it is, got f'd by drugs 














 They are basically just printing money at this point.. crazy thing is, they have all that cash even AFTER all the money they spent on buybacks and dividends 




 What a exhilarating high and devastating low.. at least give her 10gz or something, right? 





























 Increase to the share buyback program is huge as well.  














 LOL yeah, couldn't be more off base if it tried 






































































































































 Bernese Mountain Dog puppy 














 Probably explains why supply is low and shipping times so damn long 




 spells asshole updside down 



















 Rockhold comes off like a major douche 



















 better 
























 When I tie my shoelaces tight theres pain, but pressing down on the bone from any and every direction produces no pain whatsoever. any ideas? 














 Awesome to hear 




 +1 for Green Kool-Aid 
























 Almost ran more like a Colbert news clip than any thing else 

















































 I don't believe streaming rights transfer to a new owner, but otherwise spot on.. especially re: Apple's lackluster movie software :-/ 









 Good call... a google image search for beagle/doberman pincher also may be close? 














 http://i.imgur.com/vnrY6d8.jpg 
































































