 I don't know why, I think we should all be surprised to find any president in a strip club. 




 To add to that, Jesse didn't care if he died, only for Andea and Brock 









 Rekt 




 Oh god, your comment made me cry 




 Beat me to it god damnit! 









 You da real MVP 




 Well damn....go Hope anyways I guess! 









 RAPESQUADKILLAS! 




 He's so articulate 




 I gave him a dollar 




 That was a fucking classy argument 




 OH I'M SORRY, I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA! 




 Too often :( 




 Nothing lights up a party like a petting zoo 




 You da real MVP 




 Sadness 




 Listen to Nickelback for 30 minutes

EDIT: 15 minutes

EDIT 2: I just listened to 15 minutes of Nickelback, AMA 




 How did your children react to the ordeal and are any of them the husband's? 




 Good point, thanks for the clarification 




 Exactly, I really enjoyed the video but what else is there? :/ 




 "Color you Eskimo" 

How? 




 He was obviously born in 11 AD stupid, how old do you think he is?! 




 What is the worst way to start a speech?

Well fuck 




 I hope you're not a student, school is starting and it will take over your life! Proceed with caution! 




 I once woke up to a spider propelling down 3 inches from my face. I had about 8 seconds before he would have hit my face. I watched him for a little while longer and he just kept going. I don't really have a problem with insects but I nearly lost my shit when that happened. To this day no one in my family believes me. Oh and OP's mom.  




 Autoblow 3? 









 Thanks Obama 




 Say I do 




 Our history of intervening in other countries which creates the expectation by Americans that when there is a crisis in somewhere like Syria or Ukraine we "have to do something!" 




 Just to be safe lets all PM him 




 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/xgz9nkR 




 Now that PKA is taking a step in the more professional route I think it's time for an intro. Most of the videos lately start with Woody saying "Ok, we're recording" which is fine but I think a cool intro like Woody has had on his channel uploads over the years would be better. Just a suggestion, I thought would be nice for the show. Maybe it could be a Patreon milestone or be added to the current animator hiring one, or maybe some guys on the sub-Reddit want to post ideas or videos. I'm trying to take a page out of Woody's book and leave solutions to problems, not just problems. Just a thought, I want to know what you guys think.  



















