 his last point was fucking spot on. 




 I agree. What's your issue with me  




 Chantix?  




 It's funny I get down voted for not understanding something. Thank you though.  




 I learned something today. Thank you.  




 Til  




 But...the guy behind her should cover that, right?  




 They do that with non gmo seed as well...so... 




 Or you know...we don't even know why she was fired. This has been ridiculous.  




 Where was this?  




 So, they have about 3 weeks worth if content?  




 Jordan Catalono was the bomb in  that flick.  




 Bald eagle getting a blow job at McDonald's? 

Check mate.  




 No, I'm Keith.  




 Cheers.  




 Not me bro so totally wrong.  




 Could have fooled me while growing up in New England.  




 7 pounds, eh?  




 Because a girls football team beat a girls Japanese team. Obviously what *the majority of the 7#@ is thinking about*

 




 oh man i miss pearl jam in that age. 




 where can i watch it?  




 Betrayed? Are you kidding me? lol 




 bro Dazed and Confused.  




 its almost people like artists/musicians.actors for therre work and could care less about some shit they believe in. I got no beef with tom cruise. I've never met the guy. Never met Beck either but he's my favorite artist of all time. Why do the weird shitty beliefs of famous people matter?  




 no, you like his acting. It's a very different thing. You never actually liked the guy, okay? 




 that was a time of pink floyd we dont like to talk about.  




 probably looks no different than any other group of drunk zombies spilling out of a bar... 




 i really want to imagine the cats are listening to that song and really getting into it with eyes closed etc... 




 that was actually pretty fucking cool. not my kind of music and that lead singer looked pretty um...scary but the visual aspect was rad.  




 No, its from Two men and a Baby. 




 local h shows in new londfon ct back in 96 am i right? 




 That's what I thought. Cool. Checking in from Niantic.  




 Fuckers invaded my small little Connecticut town and burned our ships and houses up.  




 Bro they burned my hometown down in Connecticut.  




 Yes on the last two. I use a boss br8 to record them back in 99. I don't have that anymore. 

I have an iPad as well. Am I going to be able to somehow get them there two?  




 I'm sorry I mean like what program can I use to mix them together as they are just seperate files of tracks.  




 Lol that's what I thought when I first saw it. Thinking of making a tag for such titles. How about just "bang up job on title, OP"  




 hey guys :) -CT 




 You said something that was incorrect in a smart ass way and I just corrected you the same way, that is all.  




 lol at the balogne 




 where I am there is no notice. 




 sweet fucking t-shirt. 




 magnolia? 




 random but how did you come about to find reddit and this sub? Was it from an app? 




 I've learned that if I really want to see something it's probably not gonna be on Netflix.  




 That medium you're talking about. What do I use to be able to here the full track as opposed to just one by one and then also mix them etc. 

Click of death?  




 This is an amazing thread.  




 Fucking  well said  




 What can i use to bring them up together?  




 What can I use to bring them up and have them together?  









 its all; real lobster...North Atlantic meat. The majority of places you might buy a lobster roll might use the same product but mcds is fucking huge and thats why they can make it for 8 bucks. 

I get your DAE McDonalds is the devil but your're completely wrong...and thats why opinion on social media turns into fact, Yikes. 




 Interesting. I was a Connecticut transplant to Seattle and have been back in ct for about ten years now. Seattle was a fun city spend my 20s. 




 East Lyme.  




 Average. Wasn't horrible.  




 No, just North Atlantic lobster.  




 It's a kitten fish  




 At first I thought you were talking about hemorrhoids.  




 Do you know why she was fired?  




 Hear hear.  




 mcds uses lobster 




 Why were you down voted?  




 Can't put my finger on it but damn.  









 Mcds is real lobster. Haven't tried Chipotle yet but I'm sure it is as well.  




 just while you guys were on the context of chipotle I thought I would throw it in there. I have had both and actually prefer moes. I recommend it for sure. Not sure if your local one does this but the one by me has crazy promotions when uconn plays and wins. at one point last year when they had a great streak burritos were down to like 3 bucks or something normally 8. 




 are we ever going to know exactly why she was fired? Have I just missed an explanation somewhere? Did she poop on the carpet or something? 




 Man, am I living in the twilight zone? 




 how many lobster rolls am I buying?  




 okay, or how about we just have a meetup for that. So Connecticut!

Oh, you guys met at a park and played frisbee?

Psh, were gonna just go eat some lobster... 




 thanks duder. 




 have you ever tried moes? 




 awesome vid. saving that one to pull out at some point.  




 East Lyme.  




 I understand. I suppose I would just rather eat lobster with only butter in any capacity. 

When mayo is added it just reminds me of the fake seafood salad from a deli. While I still eat it and dont mind it I just prefer it the other way, Look at us, two opinions in a box. 




 where else am I supposed to put mcdonalds fast food? 



















 Did you just say meow?  




 its probably my favorite comedy show besides Seinfeld...and that's saying something...because I have impeccable taste.  




 just watched this episode the other day. lol. i love when that show points out dumb shit in the world. 




 where does multi level marketing fall into these categories? 




 seriously, though. I thought they were defaults by now. 

and /r/ChildrenFallingOver  




 oh bro. its been my jam for a while now. 




 did it have sardines in it? 




 /r/childrenfallingover 




 it was beautiful, right?

RES tagging you so we can reminisce some day. 




 taking it like a champ.

we need more you. 




 found the brit 




 i really wish i grew up with a sibling ;( 




 only child here. i didnt get away with jack shit. 




 only child 
;( 




 im listening to [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqDSNZTo8js list=PLli3C1612n205BY4VPbt9Kd0JUR9PrADi index=3) right now

just perfect 




 just finished what netflix has to offer and i have to say the bath salts one was probably my least favorite. 




 hold on that words youve been saying 




 West coast=weed

East coast=cocaine 




 Connecticut here. Soon.  




 My grandpa learned how to be a dentist in the Korean War.  




 I'll take the asparagus and a side of your finest jelly beans, please.  




 As a chef I know all about hand wounds. Paper cuts are still the worst.  




 No one cares about you, ya filthy spawn of eastern Europeans.  




 charlie says sonething like 3 buttons just went off and I dont know which ones. 




 I in the same boat only for the  ui. Man, whenever I use the up down scroll keys it's super fucking glitchy and all the advice I've gotten hasn't done shit.  




 The one with the kid in the woman's office. The acting was so terrible I thought it was a joke.

I really do want to like this show, though.  




 sweet thanks.  




 yep. 




 youll get nothing and like it. 




 anyone remember caddy shack? 




 babys like "yah, cool story dad...binky now!" 




 well, aren't you in luck. 




 -Frank Reynolds 




 I shot my bayabyyy 




 It's these kind if things that make me miss being in a long term relationship. Seriously.  




 AL Pacino we in that shit? Good grief.  




 ...or bath salts
 




 ARE YOU FUCKIKG SORRY!?  




 I don't get the fists one. What do you mean suspended and a chair and feet in front? 




 https://www.sling.com/ 




 And rocks cause cancer...so.... 




 Spacefish?  




 Were on it.  




 Found the filthy Brit. ;)  




 Had this when I was about 22 in Seattle around 01. Fuck, that was painful. Worst thing I ever dealt with. No insurance bill about 20, 000. Wonder what ever happened with that lol.  




 Lol. Funny thing. Last week I went to my mom's house to finally clear out my stuff in the basement (I'm 36) and I came across some amazing things but on of them was my junior prom commemorative glass. It was a beer mug. Lol. They still do that?  




 Clas of 96? 




 Abscessed pilonidial cyst?  




 I recently moved to the area, Niantic. We just have metrocast. So far so good as advertised.  




 Free money? Oh yeah. 

Oh. 

Taxes.  




 I'm a catering chef in old Saybrook. When you say affordable what is your per person budget?  




 Your mom texts? My mom can't even figure out how to read incoming texts.  




 They got started at Wesleyan and this looks like a pretty early gig for them. One of my favorite songs of all time and they did an "ok" job for two guys with a sequencer and some mics. 

I can dig it.  









 Why do you think that is?  




 I like to call it not Monday.  




 Bro I hadnt ever even seen that movie until I was in my 30's. Vats of  man tears for days. 




 It's how do you say "freaking awesome looking"  




 I feel your pain on the booze and smokes.  




 "non profit"  




 Huh?  




 It's a work knife. I never use my personal knives at work. We get a fresh batch once a week. They aren't the best but get the job done. Pun intended.  




 Wrong, again.  




 and here's a utility chefs knife for you, [kind sir](http://i.imgur.com/HA1lCsy.jpg) 




 It's always the wrong decision and that's final.  




 Well, I guess we disagree.  




 I've been in the industry for 25 years almost and have never witnessed anyone do something like that.  




 Get into catering. Best move I ever made. Fuck line work.  




 Can confirm. Just got done with a 14 hour day. Back to work for another one in the morning but not before 11 vodkas.  




 Wow, today I learned the self titled was mediocre.  




 Vocal fry?  




 go watch the original movie. its phenom 




 deep river connecticut 




 now that music video is some grade a cringe material. 




 it's also a theme song to a tv show and i can't for the life of me remember which one. it's killing me.  




 what show is it from? It's on the tip of my tongue. 




 its from show that I can't put my finger on right now. anyone? 




 He honestly really annoys me and I can't put my finger on it.  




 General Hospital?  




 B 




 Oh shit . I do remember that. Hilarious.  




 I always see this and it always makes me laugh but what is the original origin of it?  




 Fuckin  guitar picks, how do they work?  




 Yep. Stood out on the beach actually.  




 A place for rich white guys to drink heavily and piss on trees, right?  




 What kind of person doesnt have toilet paper...male or female? 




 Yum. Bathroom floor pillows.  




 Oh, so you're  a bit heavy set like me?  




 Golden.  









 Seriously, though. I was just at Niantic Bay and I thought for a second I was going to die.  




 This town has everything. Gonna enjoy this summer.  




 Sort iif small town. Right on long Island sound. Beach town. Near old Saybrook . 20 minutes from new Haven.  




 No, that's correct.  




 Recently moved to Niantic. Love it here.  




 What a weird place to come across a post involving Westbrook.  




 Happy birthday good old buddy old Pam.  




 Oh, I know. I was at 2 packs a day for 20 years. quit and then fucked up after almost two years off. Currently quitting again. 

I just mean is smoking not known as such a health issue there. 




 Yes and no. You do fall asleep but stop breathing many times an hour. I was at 35 times an hour. So, you never really get a full nights sleep.  




 Same thing recent but the nose mask isn't working. I guess I'm a full on mouth breather so that one is coming I the mail. Can't wait for a  regular nights sleep.  




 I recently did one. It was a take home one. Diagnosed with sleep apnea.  




 hey look, when trucks still had beds. 




 That's what that one girl said in the documentary.  




 what is wrong with you? 




 yah, that was tough. Seemed like a real sweet guy as opposed to those other douchebags. 




 So, smoking is just kinda cool with everyone to the point that pregnant chicks just do it? Is that a West Virginia thing? Are smokes just like crazy cheap?

The area looked beautiful. What do rents go for in that town? How are people affording 600-800 a day habits? 




 on my 5th. Trying to figure out what the guys are saying as the beat the guy who must have caused the accident. 




 2 girls 1 cup reaction videos are hilarious. 




 or you know, in the waiting room 20 feet away.

 




 Opposite effect on me. Makes everything in my body that I'm feeling doubled.  




 Lol. You have me tagged from my failed attempt video?  




 Um. It's okay.  




 should i not watch it? 




 Why do you have a cross next to your username?  




 Was Ray the one filming? Lol 




 What's up with that link?  




 And then the Rhode Island clam chowder. Clear.  




 Ya, I know. Just making a funny.  




 And now you guys can see why I shouldnt be dealing with customers.  




