




 Cage match to the death 



















 Arena match to the death with six hour prep, fighters must tag in or must enter if team mate dies. Book, film and assumed abilities in play. 




 Open field, Bruce is taking his favorite bat for a morning stroll as the rich are wont to do. All of a sudden he hears the howls and growling of an army of pissed off dogs as they run at him from all directions. He is surrounded and knows he has to fight. Will he live? 









 I hear many people say this as they continue shopping there... 









 City street fight 




 Super Grover would put up a fight 




 Cage match to the death 




 Cage match 









 Gonna second this one. 




 Collaborating, could they pull it off? 









 I blame the goddamn Jews. 




 I thought he was muslin? He sounds confused. Is he a linen or the follower of Muhammad? 




 Write it in gold ink. For some reason they really focus on gold ink. 




 They built a temple of shit and they're shocked that it stinks. This story is the perfect summary of the Republican party as a whole.  




 Your neighbor is a linen? Do you live on a clothes line?In a dryer, perhaps? 









 idioteque 




 This is no more or less restrictive than stores, hospitals, restaurants or offices I've worked in throughout my life. It's called a uniform. If you disagree with it, don't work there for christs sake. 




 Bruce is unarmed. Fighting in the woods at night. 









 City street fight to the death 




 Both Jokers and their respective gangs are teleported into Gotham with only one Joker surviving the battle. 














 Book version of Lestat takes on Wonder Woman in a city street fight at sun down 




 Kurzweils "The Singularity is Near" is looking less and less fantastic to me as time progresses. 














 "Oil is a helluva drug" 
-Rick "Halliburton" James 




 My friend works for Apple and said they couldn't make it public because they're still testing this feature. 




 That sounds like a wasted opportunity to me. 









 You just proved that reddit users with the name nobody25864 can't not post in this thread.  




 Interesting thing about HAARP I read recently,  Russian scientists hpothesized that HAARP could [invoke a chain reaction](http://www.wired.com/2008/01/russian-journal/) in the ionosphere that could trigger precession.  




 Maybe it's MISS Amazon. I'm sure Amazon could be...a ...lovely name for a woman... 




 Who survives? 









 I couldn't have said it better. I typically don't actively read lyrics, I just listen until I know them but dammit he can be challenging! 




 I still have no idea what Thom Yorke is saying in "Airbag". If I wore head phones and sang out loud to it people would think I had some form of severe mental handicap. 














 Mountaintop fight to the death. 









 Jesus Christ. 




 You need to call the police and report the person holding a gun to your head, forcing you to surf Reddit submissions that hurt your feelings. 




 Close your fucking browser. 




 Why do you repeat "Pulitzer prize winning"? What does that accomplish, exactly? 




 The US isn't remotely close to this. 



















 Carl Sagan actually believed in similar lines of thought. Personally, I view any answer regarding post life that isn't "I do not know" as uneducated warbling. Chest thumping and pissing contests aside, no one knows what happens when we die. They know what might happen, what they want to happen or what they're afraid will happen. That's it.  




 Is she saying it to be "ironic" or is she genuinely a horrible person? 




 An anonymous source in Pakistan told me bin Laden was female. So now it's a fact. That's how it works, right? 




 I've wasted my life. 














 Bullshit 




 I'd even add to this and have a few random items that you can toss on the desk or table as trophies of past conquests. 




 You are an embarrassment to us all. 














 "Just because your roast beef got ruined you don't need to ruin mine" or something? 














 I actually addressed this, sorry if it was unclear - California is a coastal state. Moisture should be inherent, I would think? 




 Admit to limited knowledge of technologically feasible weather manipulation techniques, but as California is coastal, isn't there a way to seed clouds carrying ocean moisture to assist drought areas? 




 You sound upset, internet friend. Talk about it while I take you seriously. 




 The question isn't whether or not it's a penis issue. We KNOW it's a penis issue. The question is whether or not YOU knew it. Education is key. Think of the children etc 




 "Now that you're dickless, I'm into it..." 




 Loudly make fun of gay people at every opportunity. It establishes alpha male dominance, large genitals and a totally not gay fixation on gay people. 














 Cage match. No guns. 









 How exactly is social security reduction a bipartisan goal? Id like to see some sources if possible, because I was always under the impression it was a Republican target for looting. 









 Not startling. 




 I can understand this to an extent, but then I get confused as to how it is viewed as justified to deliver judgement, as I thought judgement to be a responsibility reserved for the God in question.   
























 The Nintendo army strikes Xaviers School for Gifted Youngsters in the middle of the night. 




 The title was literally copied directly from the article.  









 No, of course he is "not concerned". He is filling his XXXL underwear with fudge right now. The word 'concerned' isn't even close to what he is feeling deep, deep, deep in the distant depths of his gut. 









 No, he's an extreme left that will leave the independent vote untouched. So far, I'm putting my money on O'Malley. 



















 Not to give him too much credit here, but Marilyn Manson did this fifteen years ago. 



















 Not a problem at all. The only people who would say "nuts" or scoff are people who actively ridicule others for asking questions, and they don't matter much in the scheme of things. Thanks again. 




 Very strange, thanks for sharing that. 




 How did you respond? Did you have time to actually watch this, was it a fleeting glimpse, night or day? Never heard of anything like this, sounds interesting. 









 I tried Youtube and it didn't work. I spent hours doing a .5 second by .5 second frame analysis of the Star Wars E7 (That's Episode 7 for the neanderthals reading this) trailer specifically to prove to people that the red lightsaber handguard is an absolutely redundant and stupid creation, but I'm pretty sure I used language that is too intelligent because no one watched my video, which obviously means they can't keep up with me. So the short version, Youtube users are just not on my level. I will certainly try the beard. 




 Tell your dad not to pull his penis out next time, live as conjoined twins forever. 




 Next up, a study proving that after years of speculation, water appears to be wet. 









 "You know what I really hate? Fried chicken." 














 I wrote Satan in hail. I thought it was hailarious. Apparently the downvoters are thinking "hail no" but I just can't hailp myself. Hail. 




 Awesome! Kudos 




 Contest is judged by a panel of three judges aided by public voting ala American Idol. Judges are: Jaimee Foxx, Amy Schumer and an incredibly intoxicated Sterling Archer. 




