




 well these 45 upvotes seem to say otherwise 




 i got the Red 9 and Winchester off of some guy who tried to rush me in a police station 




 How good is farming atm? 




 The Model 70 is extremely accurate and i haven't had the chance to test the Red 9 yet. 




 So I have brown-level hunger and after searching through 3 rather large cities/towns and not finding any food, i decided to search for apples. 15 minutes later and 20 apples eaten my hunger has not gone down at all. They either need to make apples better or raise the chance of finding apples. (its also weird that you can see apples on the trees yet somehow dont find any)

If you are going to have nature be the only way to find food, make it common.

After running around the countryside for a few hours i had only spotted 1 animal, a moose. however, as soon as i saw it (about 200m away) it bolted away from me making it impossible to hunt. 




 where did you find the hunting scope 




 go inland 




 go inland, there is plenty of loot inland 




 Do you know where the scope spawns? i want to put it on my Model 70 




 duct tape and a little elbow grease 









 Will this map be ported over to standalone once the renderer and mod tools are released  




 (Based on group activity)

Phase 1
Jordan, James, Sly, Dan, Ze, Sp00n, Seamus

Phase 2
Jordan, James, Aleks, Dan, Kevin, Dex (Seamus?)

Now we wait for what Phase 3 of The Creatures will be. 




 dont try and shoot right after running 




 games been out for a year, you haven't waited for years 




 id be willing to bet that the one unlocked after the campaign is the Chicago one we've been hearing about. 




 What kind of setting is Laboratory rumored to be in? 




 So i haven't seen anybody talk about this, so ill take the initiative and do so. 

http://i.imgur.com/ohFafpm.jpg

From this we can gather that a map (or maybe just the trailer) is set in an old-style house/indoors. We know Samantha is in control so we can assume its during ww2/a little later. 




 cant wait for release 




 The number 621 and variations of it appear many times during the BO3 "Ember" teaser. I probably missed many times it appears, but here are the ones ive noticed. At 0:59 the time of the newscast 6:21, 1:10 the Olympic running world record 6.21, twice at 1:28- stocks up for 62.10% and for RPRK up 6.21%, at 1:56 bottom left is the time of the newscast 6:21 AM, 2:05 time of newscast 6:21 PM, and during the military scene at the end 2:26 upper right is the time.

Most likely nothing important but something i noticed. 




 So if i understood correctly, there there were 11 murders, thw puppet, the toy animatronics, golden freddy, and the bonnie Chica and foxy. If this is true, what happenes to the souls of the toy animatronics between fnaf2 and 1  




 1. Shadow Bonnie and Phantom Freddy are the replacement / temporary suits that employees wear, to Springtrap and Golden Freddy.

2. Purple Guy #1 (http://i.imgur.com/6FU0a95.png) kills The Puppet Child on the street and the 5 children using Golden Freddy at Fredbear's Diner, and later is caught and arrested.
(maybe the calls in FNaF2 are pre-recorded)

3. Purple Guy #2 / Night Guard ((http://i.imgur.com/G5vDChg.png) maybe before Jeremy?) does something unknown? to make the spirits hate him.

4. The Puppet controls the Toy Animatronics to kill the night guard in FNaF2.

5. Toy animatronics are scrapped and possessed animatronics are repaired for FNaF1 (presumably The Puppet is also scrapped).

6. The events of FNaF1 take place.

7. After FNaF1 the possessed animatronics are destroyed by Purple Guy #2 and the spirits sp00k him into Springtrap, killing him.

(afterthoughts) If the calls form FNaF2 AREN'T pre-recorded, and the 5 children are killed DURING FNaF2, why are the old animatronics from Fredbear's being possessed?

If you have any idea to fill holes or ideas in general, comment below and let me know 




