 I'm playing it again right now and am conflicted which I should do first. Would it help me more to do the Shadow first to complete the Spirit or vice versa? I did Forest-Fire-Water, got Boggoron's Sword and fire arrows.  




 I can't. I've tried. Website doesn't work I've been trying for a few weeks now at least once a day. I'm not interesting in reading about people talking shit and saying things they wouldn't say in person. It just doesn't do anything for me.
And if I want porn i just go to xnxx.com or /r/riskyclicks, or some other porn subreddit. But I don't have a need to talk shit about fat people, LGBT, or anything else. It just isn't something that I care to do even though I know I'm anonymous.  




 I do smoke pot for my Crohn's. High in CBD is best. 

I don't care what the entire thread was about you commented on free speech being denied because reddit banned some fucking subreddit that hates on fat people (so fucking what...get over it)- it's not. It's like you haven't even read the 1st amendment.  




 No, I hardly eat- I have Crohn's Disease incredibly hard to gain weight with all the blood and shit that comes out of my ass. Reddit banning a subreddit shaming fat people does not deny you free speech. 

Free speech only means congress will not make a law denying you the ability to say what you want. Free speech doesn't mean Reddit, a website, can't ban a subreddit if it wants to- if the guy who made it or whoever runs it wants to do it- they can. It's not much different than a mod banning someone for saying shit either. 

The only guarantee you have with free speech (with the exception of libel) is that you won't be prosecuted for what you say- it doesn't mean you won't get fired from a job, have a website ban you...etc 

  




 No sorry it's my fault I meant to reply to /u/AllRubyx 




 ? What law did congress make that denied you free speech?  




 You're allowed to do whatever you want. I'm just curious why it would be better than reddit.  




 I thought it was the best part of the movie.  




 Your free speech isn't lost. Free speech only means the government won't make a law limiting what you say (with the exception of libel, or words that present clear danger). So...you can still say whatever you want- but that doesn't mean it won't get you banned on a website for it. 

Why should I care if Reddit bans a subreddit about hating fat people? My freedom isn't being taken away. That doesn't bother me. Good for them. This is there website- they made it- they can do whatever they fuck they want with it. 

If you don't like that- why don't you just make your own the way you want it? That seems like a good solution. You can find ANYTHING on the internet. My freedom of speech isn't being limited. It never have. Just because this person disagrees with you doesn't make them ignorant nor myself and it doesn't make me shortsighted. 

You are foreseeing a trickle down where "banning subreddits against fat people...well shit...next i won't be allowed to 'fag' or 'fuck' on this website and anywhere on the internet...my life is doomed!!" 

I think you're overreacting a bit and foreseeing a future that will not happen.  




 why would it be better than reddit?  




 doesn't work.  




 And Spock. Spock vaporizes Rock.  




 Yeah but, in a live action movie it would be pretty cool I think.  









 He doesn't know what brown is. He can't conceptualize brown if he's colorblind (greyscale)  




 425,218 

Bucky 




 [You don't say much do you?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UH2raPtbw4) 




 he probably thought it meant something like voluptuous  




 Yeah lots ofshows still have insulting humor like that 




 it's not my first time. just its been a decade lol 




 Yes, I figured out my confusion. I was freaking out.  









 Yeah I'm an idiot. I figured it out. thanks. It's been about 10 yrs since I've played and I really am trying to do everything this time. 

Side note: Does Song of Storms sound like Game of Thrones theme? 




 So, I am in the forest temple, I got the two keys in the beginning, killed the Stalfos for the map. I went into the door you have to use the song of time on and had two keys total at this point. I know I was supposed to use the hookshot to make the water in the well go down well i accidentally fell off the cliff and exited the door to try again but the door now has bars over it. How do i get rid of those bars?  




 DO ME DO ME DO ME DO ME 




 mmm 




 Yeah. I do. Doesnt bother me.  




 nah i thought it was awful 




 No that's not enough they could become resistant strains of spider. Here's what we have to do. 

1. Immediately set fire to the gloves using a blow torch. 

2. Spiderlings may have escaped, burn down the house/garage with napalm...lots and lots of...napalm (thank you Dan Akroyd)

3. Leave the country.  




 AHHHHH
 




 Harry.....*tugs at shirt*....H-H-H-Haar rrryyy!! 

"WHAT RON!?!?!?!"  




 I bet so. I just thought Wilder was terrible.  




 Interesting considering Dahl disliked Wilder's version considerably. So much so he refused to sign over rights for the sequel.  




 Hm I thought his acting was great.  




 Interesting. I read it as, "The thing that put me off ... I like Johnny Depp, I like him, as an actor I like him very much ... but when I saw little pieces in the promotion of what he was doing, I said I don't want to see the film, because I don't want to be disappointed in him" 




 yeah i liked alice in wonderland.  




 I liked Depp's version better lol.  




 downvotes 




 Nah. Don't agree at all.  




 Well this match wasn't particularly as close as 6-4, 6-4. A lot of tennis players have the skill to beat Serena- but they don't. It's not just beating her- it's consistently beating her. I don't think anyone but Venus can say that.  




 I don't disagree Graf had amazing skills, but not any better than Serena's skill. Yes she won 22 slams before she turned 30, but did she win any when she was over 30? No. I think that's impressive when you consider at what age most women retire in tennis. It's even more impressive when you consider her dominance at her age. It's not like she just won one or two close ones after she turned 30, she pretty much revamped her career.  




 Yeah you are. There wasn't anyone like Serena in the past. She is unique.  




 Yeah, Court has 24 grand slams, but pro's weren't allowed to play in grand slams for a time- so i don't think you can consider hers as the number to reach. 22 is the number.  




 Strings? She's in the conversation of being the greatest collection of loops we've ever abstractly looped.  




 ESPN isn't exactly the greatest place for good sports news. 

Edit: So you think ESPN is awesome?  




 They call me Mr. Glass  




 I read this as A E the cable television channel for some reason.  









 Oh shutup do gooder. Go do good things on your own. We're fucking rebels, if we wanna not replace blinds and find a way to not pay for it- we fucking will.  




 [eerily familiar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKffm2uI4dk) 




 So your doodles are pretty much just taken from those [sad cat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKffm2uI4dk) commercials with the morgan freemanesque voice. So is it his ridiculous personality or ar eyou just projecting the personality you see from cat advertisements?  




 Vat 69...mmm  




 no sex in the champagne room 




 synonym cinnamon.  




 422,383 









 422,379 




 422,376 




 Pls OP. 




 So did you take a pic of the room as it looks now with a lamp/light on?  




 mmmm reflective paint 




 Are citronella candles safe to use indoors for just a small amount of time like an hour or two?  

Side unrelated question: Anyone know where I can buy online a scented candle that burn for a really long time like 100+ hours?  




 Stevenology* 




 "Oh good you're awake- thought you were dead. I love you!! Now pet me human. I need pets since you're awake. I peed on stuff, saw you were awake. Sorry"  




 Well, it's not the same religion though- I know it appears to be because they have the same book, but denominations are vastly different from one another. They interpret things differently- making them, to me, same God but different religion.  




 421,696 




 421,694 




 421,691 









 421,689 




 Yeah I was raised Lutheran. We obviously came from different Lutherans lol because the Lutherans I was around were not humble, or take care of people.  




 421,683 




  This is far more fucking important.

Unless drunken behavior leads to rape and murder (because that's never happened). Also, there was no murder in Naples, FL on July 9th 2015.  




 She needs fucking pets human. Pet her.  




  for basically no reason at all

You mean for disorderly intoxication? He pulled a fire alarm. That's why the officer's arrived at the scene, his wife was too drunk to be left alone so they took her until she sobered up and could care for herself. I live in SWFL and all they did was put him in the drunk tank until he was sober which is just 8 hours. He wasn't charged. They took him for disorderly intoxication- that's pretty normal down here in SWFL since we get so many tourists. There's nothing wrong with that. Had they not pulled the fire alarm for no reason the cops wouldn't have came at all. By the way, you can get in trouble for pulling a false alarm too.  









  BUT I WANT TO BE A REAL BOY PAPA 









 I really wanna meet this girl. She sounds fun as fuck.  




 Probably too much grillin 




 I've .... I've used reddit in jokes with real people and I'm ostracized for it :(.  




 Well, I do have a metal arm.  









 We can be shit buddies. I shit a river of blood and you shit Hawaiian Lava hills of fresh stink. 

I once created a rap song. A couple years ago (mind you I can't keep a beat and I certainly can't write). I had this ex girlfriend who had OCD of her feet being touched. Whenever someone touched it, she had the touch the other foot exactly the same then clean them off as they were 'dirty'. For example, if you splashed on foot with water she had to splash the other. So my friend (a drummer) made a beat and I wrote some weird lyrics and we made a weird music video for it. 

This is for your viewing pleasure sir. [The Foot Song 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geB2HNTHm4Q) 




 Are you sure you don't have Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn's Disease? I have UC, and I can tell you I give birth to death- daily.  




 YOU WILLLL TRYYYYY 




 Your post seems to be deleted. Please stop harassing me 




 MYSTERION! 




 421,234 




 No, this is Patrick.  




 ing shit 




 421,213 




 My voice isn't super manny manny man, but it's certainly lower than Mike Tyson. I am reasonably tall, kind of, at 6.3 and I am avg weight and I have a bushy beard- no mustache- would give me raper face. Sinewy arms are a yes.  




 421,008 

originally i was going to go for the assist but you said go for the GET lol  




 421,006 




 421,004

i only sniped once. I won't do it again. But if I've been counting or trying to count the last 1-200 i dont consider it sniping.  




 421,001

wasn't a snipe! I was counting the last 150 or so. 




 congrats 




 421,000

2nd time that's happened to me.  




 420,969 




 420,967 




 420,965 




 420,963 




 420,952 




 420,950 




 420,938 




 420,924 




 420,922 




 420,920 




 420,918 




 420,891 




 420,889 




 420,887 




 420,885 




 420,883 




 420,881 




 420,879 




 420,877 




 420,875 




 420,873 




 420,871 




 420,865 




 420,863 




 420,861 




 420,849

lemme get some music hold up 




 420,847

yOU WANNA RUN IT? 
 




 420,845 




 420,843 




 420,841 




 420,840 




 I am OP. And no I wasn't saying that. The 'Stairway' is a firework- he uses fireworks to make it work.  




 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-3126861/Chinese-artist-creates-stunning-1-650ft-ladder-sky-FIREWORKS.html

"The ladder, which was made of metal wire and aluminum, was filled with gunpowder and attached to the bottom of a hot air balloon.
The balloon, which was made with special material, was launched from a boat off the shore of nearby Huiyu Island." 




 No it's not. 

"The ladder, which was made of metal wire and aluminum, was filled with gunpowder and attached to the bottom of a hot air balloon. 

The balloon, which was made with special material, was launched from a boat off the shore of nearby Huiyu Island."

It most certainly is not [fake.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-3126861/Chinese-artist-creates-stunning-1-650ft-ladder-sky-FIREWORKS.html)  




 Please stop harassing me.  




