 Ah, I guess I need to rewatch the finale. But even so, I don't think the finale was "fucked", nor did it ruin the series.  




 It actually made more money than Salvation the first weekend 




 That's assuming that the Porn site still has the same virus from 5 years ago because other than that, Chuck is not 's bomb expert.  And the reason why is Sarah loved Chuck is because he never changed. Over the seasons Chuck grew in many ways, but his personality and confidence in himself never really did. 




 Yea. That wasn't great but it also didn't ruin the good seasons for me 




 He produced some great movies but that role is what I have and always will remember him for. It's a classic 




 I understand that. Still not a bomb. A bomb would be if it made $70 mil by this point total.  




 I think the critics were too harsh on Terminator Genisys. I thought both movies were good and entertaining. 

Also. T5 is not a bomb. It's not exactly a hit but it didn't bomb. It has already made $130 million worldwide. It will likely recoup the cost of the movie and make some money as well.  




 Who knows if it will, but damn would I love that!  




 I mean, we can't say exactly for sure what was a lie or truthful but from what we do know, he made it seem as if he didn't know that the i-rex had those features but knows why it inherited them.  




 I actually thought that the Chuck finale was one of the best ever. It was supposed to leave you wondering but give you a little hope. It's also still potentially open for a movie someday. 

For me it was How I Met Your Mother. Killing the mom ruined any potential rewatch of an episode or the series. Now watching the comedy show is just a downer because you know that every story old Ted is telling is a sad story about how he met his wife and she died. If it were a drama, that would be a fitting ending. Or if there wasn't the narrative that it is all stories being told from the perspective of a future Ted.  




 They were not allowed because he was working for InGen. And the two that you mentioned were not even known by Dr. Wu. He figured out why they were traits but didn't know they would be traits because they were creating an entirely new dinosaur from multiple DNA strands. Unknowing which traits would actually come from which strand.  




 Either way, the radio/intercom system was disrupted so it would have been the result. Even so, if it did escape then, it would have found a way when they were to move it for the attraction or some other way because it is adaptive and intelligent. 

Also, you could say the same about a lot of things in the Jurassic Park franchise. 

1. If the kids would have never turned on the light, the T-Rex may have never found them and the whole chain of events after may not have happened. 

2. If Hammond didn't decide to let the animals live on the 2nd island (even though they were supposed to die naturally), the whole 2nd movie wouldn't exist. 

3. If the kid and his step dad didn't go parasailing in a no fly zone, the entire 3rd movie wouldn't exist. 

I don't believe any of those because  a little suspension of disbelief is required for movies about dinosaurs in Modern times. Especially when it deals with human characters making mistakes.  




 4,5,6,1,2,3

People will tell you different ways that they think would be best but I'm pretty sure every one of them saw it in the above order for the first time. It's the way they were released and the way that most people saw them for the first time.  




 That was definitely the best episode yet. I really like The Brink too. I think maybe a little better than Ballers so far 




 There are plenty of sitcoms better than Breaking Bad as a sitcom. Seinfeld, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, etc. 

Now as the drama that it is, not much rivals BrBa 




 Great band!  




 I agree that Jai Courtney was a bad choice for Kyle Reese (but he still did a good job) but I thought Emilia Clarke and Jason Clarke were great. 

The writing was not bad. No worse than any of the others. Even though the Terminator and T2 were great movies, they both had some cheesy jokes and lines as did this movie. 

Yes, the spoilers in the trailer bothered me too. And it does have a ton of CGI but that doesn't bother me because it's a Hollywood action movie. As were all of the other ones. Let's not pretend that the other movies are film noir just because they were ahead of their time and superior. 

The characters achieved killing Skynet which is pretty much the goal of every movie. Kyle Reese grew from a soldier with no hope on a mission to save Sarah Connor to a vulnerable human who may have a future and is being saved by Sarah and what he believes is his enemy. Sarah grew from being a scared orphaned child, to a hard young woman, and then to open up to Kyle. 

Even if you don't like the movie or the action, there was plenty of real risk of danger. Every moment they were in danger. I felt that John Connor as a villain was finally a step up from the T1000. He was harder to fight and kill. 

It's nowhere near innovative or as good as T2 but it's a solid sequel to a action franchise. It was entertaining.  




 Even if it did tank (which it didn't, it still is projected to do better than Salvation), what does that matter? 

I've seen a bunch of movies that were not box office hits but were still good. Even blockbusters.  




 I actually loved the new one. And for you to say that you are sad to see the numbers yet you haven't seen it and won't see it? No, it's not T2 but it's a solid follow up.  




 I've seen him in A Good Day to Die Hard and Terminator Genisys now and I don't understand the hate. He is a good actor. A little plain but he's Australian and does a very good American accent.  




 I loved the movie, but yes, I would have liked to have had that be a surprise.  




 1. Season 2

2. Season 5

3. Season 3

4. Season 6

5. Season 1

6. Season 4

Just so people know, there is a huge Gao between the last two there (Seasons 1 and 4). 




 We never actually saw a working Skynet headquarters other than in Salvation. The terminators are a product of Skynet which is the main software. So it having a "face and name" is logical to control everything. It could have been text too but it's easier for the audience. 

Yes, it was a T800 but it was also the first T800 and John had already fought more advanced ones. They learned each time and became more advanced. And is not as if the T-800 ever took a beating or got beat. Also, that was only the first attempt to catch John Connor. All of the other attempts are technically in Skynet's future.  




 I'd say watch the teaser and maybe the first trailer. After that, stay away.  




 Well, the terminator franchise ARE action movies. And this one brought something new to the franchise that we had not seen in the terminator movies. Post Apocalyptic war. 

Skynet did not have a face and the voice was only the computer. If you watch it, it stated that it made a face that would be easier for Marcus to deal with. It was still just the computer system. 

As for Skynet making mistakes, you  need to realize that first of all, most movies don't kill main characters. 2nd, it is early in the timeline and the terminators weren't as advanced as in the rest of the movies because they are from the future. 

I guess I just see your examples as nitpicky for a action movie franchise.  




 I still have ticket stub for Jurassic Park from when I was 3 years old...it was mind blowing and I watched it on VHS every year growing up. 

Other than that, I don't really keep them anymore. Every once in awhile I'll find a fairly old one somewhere in my room or in a box or something, but not on purpose. 




 Yea, I really am a big fan of Jason Clarke though too. I haven't seen the new one yet though. Going tomorrow 




 I watched it really liked it. Not as good as T2 but still good. Same thing with Salvation. It was different but good 




 Harrison Ford for Movies, Martin Sheen for TV 




 Because again, it's not being judged on its own but against season 1. They aren't doing the same thing as last season so automatically people compare two very different seasons. Season 1 hit it hard in the beginning, maybe season 2 plays slower and slowly more and more begins to be revealed. Maybe it does end up not as good, none of us know because we've only seen two episodes. 

Plus, no one had another epic season of True Detective to compare to when season 1 aired. Now it has left unreal expectations for most.  




 But again, you are comparing. This is an Anthology series so it is bound to be different each season but have the same style.  




 Let's talk True Detective season 2 when it's done.... Not two episodes in and comparing to a full season.  




 I just watched all of them for the first time, why so much hate for the 3rd and 4th? I liked them both 




 Well said 




 You are right but what I meant is that I and many others believe the Nielsen system is flawed. It takes a sample audience to measure their numbers. Not only that, it's not a random audience, you have to be a picked as a "Nielsen Family" for which no one knows their algorithm. So it's the same people every time. For example, the Big Bang Theory gets 15 to 20 mil people each week. I don't doubt that a ton of people watch that show but I think that maybe of their "sample audience", they picked more people who would typically watch a show like that rather than venture out and watch something that is supposedly low rated like Parks and Recreation. 

From what Dan Harmon has said about Community's season on Yahoo, he has said way more people were watching than what the Nielsen numbers showed. But we also haven't seen data so who knows.  




 Don't be a cheap ass. If you can't pay for it, then you shouldn't get to watch it.  




 I suspect it's just waiting to be found. That is a good question to ask JK when she does those Q A's!  




 Why thank you!  I particularly am fond of Order of the Sith since it also ties in the "New Order".  




 No news on it but I would love that 




 Harry's cloak and the elder wand have been featured since the first book/movie. It's also mentioned that invisibility cloaks are very rare and ones that don't eventually fade are unheard of. The Elder Wand has been under possession of Dumbledore without us really knowing but it's the most powerful wand ever made. But it's been there. The stone first showed up when the ring did in HBP. And the story of the Deathly Hallows was part of the lore but just unheard by the audience until the final book. 

All 3 make the Deathly Hallows and the most powerful wizard if together. To have 2 of them in such close range and under our noses the entire time was amazing to me. And they are two things that helped both Harry and Dumbledore do things others could not.  




 I click your link and this is what shows up.

http://imgur.com/Ugyp8k9 




 No, actually you did. Either that or it got removed. Your post that you shared some person's post from 2 years ago is gone. 




 Since you deleted your comment as i was replying, here it is:

Ever think that different people may think differently? The only season i ever thought lacked in quality was season 4. After that even, the show was great. And you post one post from 2 years ago? I don't mean to speak for an entire fanbase but from what ive seen, yes, for better and worse, we are a very passionate one. I never changed my tune, some people may have, but ive loved the show since day one. 

Why do you go out of your way picking fights with Community fans. I literally only mentioned it in passing and you picked a fight. You dont want to see posts like this about Community, then don't fish for them. THAT's embarrassing... 




 Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens

Star Wars VIII: Order of the Sith

Star Wars IX: A New Republic 




 The internet says you are wrong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_(TV_series)#Critical

EDIT: Oh, I see, you just like to troll Community fans. Just based off the 3 times in the first scrolling of your comments that you did that.

You don't like Community, fine. Its not for everyone and frankly, i dont care that you dislike it. I still got 6 seasons of a great show. So go ahead and troll all you want.  




 I've only ever been a casual viewer of reruns but I didn't know a lot of people hate it. 




 That's my point. It's a flawed system that the Networks rely on. I don't wait to watch anyway. I will watch right away so I can at the very least let other people know it's good so there is buzz about it 




 I didn't use rioting as an example, just an analogy. And it still does work because you made my point. It's a protest that is affecting subs and people that have barely anything to do with it. The mods are protesting and affecting all of the people who subscribe to the subs that don't want that sub involved.  




 No. I love AMA's and hope that is restored (especially for Victoria) but why mess with other stuff and other people for something barely related. 

That's like when people riot, loot, and destroy things in protest of something that is not related. It's only hurting and affecting innocent people 




 It's a cycle. The networks think no one is watching a show because of Nielsen Ratings so they cancel it premature. Viewers stop watching new shows because of the lost investment too many times for prematurely canceled shows. 

Me personally, I still watch new shows even if it might get canceled. Yea, it sucks going through Cancelation but sometimes you get lucky like with the show Community. That had Cancelation threats since day 1 but we got 5 network seasons and 1 online.  




 Yes I do.  




 And the ministry of magic wasn't? They don't care. They are reckless. 

LotR is battles for most of the movies and books whereas it only happens twice in Potter. They wouldn't make much sense without it. Braveheart is one single movie so that's a terrible comparison. 

Deathly Hallows Part 2 was pretty much all battle. It was happening even when we don't see it but we do see quite a lot of it.

The movies made a point that the battles aren't the most important thing, and I agree with that. You clearly don't but why are the battles so important? The first one is redundant with the much larger one looming and the second doesn't have much to do with the plot line other than that it is happening and people we love are dying, which we do see.  




 People have these threads all the time but honestly, I wouldn't change a thing about the movies. There isn't a single scene that I would add because each movie is great the way it is. The things that are left out are what make the books great too. If they were perfect adaptions, I probably wouldn't have much interest in the books because, in general, I prefer cinema to literature.  




 Absolutely! And those fish tacos ARE the tits. I've been to that place (James Beach in Venice) a bunch of times and they truly are incredible, haha 




 Mac and Me 




 I Love You, Man. 

Honestly one of my favorite comedies of all time 




 I'm a big Paul Rudd fan but even I thought it was an odd choice at first but seeing footage and the early buzz, I'm excited. I'll wait to hold judgment until I see it.  




 At least you had a feeling either way...  




 Yea, Fury Road just gave us a bunch of characters with no context, depth, or development (except Furiosa) that left me not care about any of them.  




 Community. It's complex, funny, weird, and has a lot of heart 




 The action didn't do much for me in Mad Max: Fury Road. It was entertaining and cool that it was mostly practical but wasn't the most exciting to me. 

I personally enjoy to see practical effects but if the CGI is good then I don't mind.  




 He is a very odd guy but actually a really good actor. I still enjoy his movies.  




 Yes, I do understand that. But I do think both shows should be separated from all of the other stuff. I don't read the comics and have had stuff spoiled because of this convoluted sub. It would be nice to start fresh for the other show and keep it separate.  




 This looks great!  




 It focuses on it as much as Sorcerer's stone Prisoner of Azkaban, and the Order of the Phoenix. It's the beginning of that storyline. The entire movie doesn't focus on it but a decent portion is spent on it.

Yes, the battle was protecting the castle. So was the battle of Hogwarts. It gave more to the final battle not showing it. Snape is a Death Eater. And no one knew that it would be Snape to finally kill him except Dumbledore. The death eaters notoriously travel in packs. If anything, they were there to make sure Draco didn't mess up and to actually see Dumbledore die. Even in the book, there was no guarantee of a battle. It's not as if the Death Eaters came just because they knew a battle would happen. By that logic, there should have been a battle in GOF and OotP.  




 The plot is about trying to figure out what/where the Horcruxes are. And it's Harry's last normal year at Hogwarts. It has heart, humor, and everything I love about HP. 

Draco has a great arc. It's his internal struggle. And the Death Eaters get in to finish Draco's task (kill Dumbledore) which is a massive task and they do succeed. The reason there was no battle is not because of time nor because the director hates battles. It was because he felt it would give more build up to the final battle for which if it was in HBP, the battle of Hogwarts would just feel like another battle rather than THE battle. 

The reveal of HBP is lackluster yes. It's not really meant to be a giant reveal, just more so another thing to make us wonder where Snape lies and how that conflicts Harry. 

As I said before, it's my favorite because it has everything I love about Harry Potter and it's intriguing as hell. Less action sure, but much more backstory (even more in the book).  




 Half Blood Prince is my favorite movie and book for different reasons.  




 Yes, but it's not really unrelated if you post about FTWD in the TWD sub.  




 Nah, "Guilty pleasure" is just another phrase for being embarrassed to admit you like something for fear of being made fun of. I own up to the things I enjoy 









 I recorded the pilot and have not had a chance to watch it yet. Glad to hear that it's good!  




 Baconreader. It's simple, easy to use, and has great features. It's not as aesthetically nice to look at as others but it is functionally better.  




 This is a great documentary. I posted it a couple months ago and got a few responses but not much. I hope more people find it. 




 It's a documentary of behind the scenes of making a single episode from start to finish. The type of footage in the Doc has never been seen before and it's really well done.  




 The Brink

The cast is great do far and it's really funny. Switches back and forth from serious to funny so quickly.  




 There is not going to be any control for where people post and discuss but id rather it be separated and posted to /r/fearthewalkingdead 




 I still would love to attend Nicholas Cage: Good or Bad as a class 




 I love Nicholas Cage. Has he made some bad decisions for movies? Yes, but he is a good actor.  




 Have fun! Have a Hot Butterbeer! It's not really advertised but it is the best version 




 Frank's Brother. Which is weird because it is also in my favorite season of It's Always Sunny. 




 My local theater has IMAX with tickets set at 12 bucks, rewards programs for concessions, is very clean, and best of all, has full leather recliners for every seat and a stocked bar. 




 I know. I know. I've seen bits and pieces on TV but never in full 




 Do you think I will need to see Rise of the Machines or Salvation before seeing Genisys? 

I just rewatched the original last night and plan on seeing Judgement Day tonight for the first time (I know I'm late to the party). 




 I watch Shark Tank, Survivor (still as great as S1), and then a bunch of the history channel shows (Pawn Stars, Counting Cars, American Restoration)  




 He is a great moderator and a huge fan so for people who don't know him, this is a very good thing 




 Luke Skywalker. I am so excited to see Mark Hamill back in that role.  




 I can't believe none of us noticed it in about 8 years since the release!  




 Yup, can't wait 




 You made points to support his argument. They harvest the "essential post-apocalyptic stuff". So how/why is the electric guitar/flamethrower and amp rig essential?

Its fictional but even within the context of the world in the movie, it doesn't make sense.  




 I never saw the other movies and although I didn't hate the movie, I also didn't think it was great either. Entertaining for sure, but not much more than that for me.

Cinematography was great and I loved the cast. But it was, as you said, a two hour long car chase. It became repetitive. It didn't have a lot of plot or character development. I felt nothing for any of the characters other than Furiosa. Even when Immortan Joe died I didn't really care. I should have been excited but I never really felt like he was a real threat. 

It had its moments but was not perfect for me.  




 I love it so far. 2nd episode was even better than the pilot 




 This was the major thing that took me out of the movie. I could believe  everything else happening within this world but that character just was too far fetched and cheesy for me. 

I get that armies used to have battle music and this is supposed to be an homage to that but still it doesn't work. In a World where everything is decrepit and scarce, they somehow have an electric guitar/flamethrower with tons of amps and drummer's on the back. 

Not only that, but they have people who are specifically doing that rather than fighting in this brutal age. And they weren't "going to war"  and having the typical standoff that traditionally had battle music, but were quickly chasing after an attempted escape. BUT they had enough time to gear up the guitar rig?

Of everything that is out there in this movie, this was the one thing that I just couldn't make sense of, even within this world.

Edit: Also, I'm a guitar player who likes rock music, so of anyone, this should have resonated with me but it just took me out of it.  




 He broke bad. He's now the bad guy that we cheer for.  




 That's because those are actually human actors doing the MoCap.  




 456123 Don't listen to the people who skip movies or watch them in weird orders. There is only release order and Chronological order. For a first time viewer, always do release order.  









 Not sure, i didnt stay there. Just checked it out while i was in Estes Park for a wedding. Had a drink at the bar where Lloyd (Jim Carrey) drinks all day waiting for Mary. 




 I love it. It has gotten better with each episode. I can understand how some people won't like it because it's dry but it is dry in a Curb Your Enthusiasm type of way.  




 Yup, I've been there and it definitely has more of a Shining vibe than Dumb   Dumber. It's a cool place though.  




 Nope, Glenn Howerton said that Nicky Potnik is not the Waitress and was only a misdirect. We still dont know her name 




 [This was from a photoshoot after this movie was filmed](http://i.imgur.com/FLMtY9B.png)  




 [This was from a photoshoot after this movie was filmed](http://i.imgur.com/FLMtY9B.png)  




