 And no matter how much you've read up on the game or seen the videos, nothing really prepares you for playing it yourself. 




 I got to play the 3rd one thru night 5 with no information.  That was special.

However I will never forget the first time I played FNAF 1.  I had heard about it online but wanted to give it a shot.  I got my siblings and cousins together, who had never heard of it, and sat them in the basement watching me on the iPad.  We all screamed and jumped when Bonny showed up at the door for the first time.  

Over the next few days we took turns playing to see if we could make it through to night 5.  I think we got to 4.

Anyway play it with friends, makes it more fun and less scary!  Also you can turn the sound down when you don't want the jumpscares to be so intense. 




 Yeah, dangit.  I'm 20.  Although I didn't realize most of the people on here are younger than me 




 The eyes are so wierd, how does Chica have narrower eyes in some pictures and wider eyes in others?  The eyeball isn't being covered up, it seems to be changing size itself.

Anyway some more things to look into:

- flashing Freddy eyes (morse code/binary?)

- Animatronic glitch timing (morse code/binary?)

- the static between games

- Weird static/distortion that follows you when you turn your head in the office - watch the pixels on the desk

Keep up the good work 









 Hey can someone check the flickering light of Freddy's eyes?  It might be morse code or binary or something. 




 I didn't grow up with a console, but I played a lot of PC games like Backyard Baseball, Backyard Skateboarding, Locomotion, RCT, and I Spy Treasure Hunt.  Always feels good to go back to those 




 My sister and I loved the DS version of Yoshi's Island!  I will have to try the original now.

Also that gaming conference looks like a lot of fun. 




 I love this type of documentary, does anybody have any more that are about the beginning of roller coasters? 




 Mario Kart (Double Dash, DS and Wii U)
Five Nights at Freddy's (all 3 but 1 is the best)
Canvas Rider (free online)
Retry (iPhone)
Super Mario Galaxy 2

Basically anything simple a kid could play but it has that extra challenge if you want it
 




 The one muffin says to the other one, "Woah, a silent muffin!" 




 I wrote a paper this semester on Five Nights at Freddy's, no regrets 




 Either side in the back is great 




 Nobody could reproduce, because there would only be one sex 




 Posting on a social media account that is not yours 




 Nice 




 Thought you guys might like this!

I'm a junior (third year) at college and I wrote my analysis paper on Five Nights at Freddy's.  My teacher said she never had a student include a video game as a source before but for some reason she let me do it.

If you're going to read it I have to add that the college is a private Christian school so naturally there's several biblical allusions.  Also, it's not perfect and there are some mistakes.

Here's a link: http://www.docdroid.net/10rk1/fnaf-paper.pdf.html

Student Readers Summary:  In the original order, man is above all creation but falls short of divinity.  Frankenstein portrays a terrifying farce in which this order is disrupted and man creates new life.  5.N.A.F. tells a similar story in which robots are animated via dead children.  Both stories horrify because even the most successful attempts at creating life fall terribly short, and offend the humanity of the audiences.  We are not the sources of life, and in fact need God to supply our own life.  

TL;DR:  Humans are incapable of creating anything greater than or equal to themselves, and any living thing created solely with human hands is doomed to be a monster. 




 Reminds me of the Cyclone at Lakeside! 




 I want to get off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride 




 Jupiter is EA main server

Got it 




 I love that one 









 Agreed! 




 I think it's too exaggerated, even though it's not that different. 




 Yes and it made me jump inside 




 Homework 









 Discovery 




 /r/hailcorporate 




 Two levels with spinning wheels to boost cars.  Both levels are powered by the same set of D batteries 




 At 2 seconds there is a gray vertical loop 




 There's a loop 




 Done!  I like that sub a lot 




 There's a loop 




 There's a loop 




 The suspense is killing me 









 Here's the video:

https://youtu.be/h72naGGA1iY

Anyone else do this?  It can be frustrating at times but it's rewarding in the end. 




 I like to make other people laugh but when someone else makes a joke, they all turn and look at me and wait for me to laugh.  I rarely laugh unless something is totally random or unexpected. 














 Die Coasters are fairly uncommon for obvious reasons 




 Hey guys!  Foxy is a good guy! 




 I heard that the elevator cables can bunch up and slow your descent at the bottom.  Also a rapid descent can build up compressed air in the lower part of the shaft, further slowing the elevator. 

https://web.archive.org/web/20060317041607/http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=53746 




 Chess isn't that much harder to teach someone than checkers.  Rules are still fairly simple. 




 Found it 




 http://youtu.be/agvt2eX-LZM 




 I doubt the movie deal is fake.  Big trade papers like the Hollywood Reporter aren't going to make that up.  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/heat-vision/video-game-five-nights-at-787061 




