 You're an obvious troll. 




 Why should anyone be downvoted for asking this question?  I thought the whole point of conspiracy theories was to not take anything at face value but to use your own eyes and your own brain to come to an understanding of the true situation.  Why should we question counter-mainstream ideas any less than mainstream ideas?  How about some integrity here people. 




 I'm not in that loop anymore.  Very fortunate to free myself.  Now I want to help free others.  We need to do it together. 




 I can't believe they've implemented the "kill switch" so quickly.  Didn't congress just pass this law in CA?  It's as if they knew it was coming. 




 This is the definition of anti-zionism. 




 Is it considered vote brigading if we all regularly check the new queue of other specific subs? 




 People here seem to think one dimensionally.  Nuanced opinions aren't usually understood. 




 Holy shit. 




 Here's a solution: go vegan.
http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/solutions/stop-deforestation/solutions-for-deforestation-free-meat.html#.VEFQ16Y6iUo
 




 You want to help? Stop eating meat and dairy.
http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/solutions/stop-deforestation/solutions-for-deforestation-free-meat.html#.VEFQ16Y6iUo 




 It sounds to me like you want it to happen. Your defeatist attitude is not helping.  If organization is what we need then it's time to get organized.  What they are talking about is allowing corporations to overrule democracy through extra-governmental "courts" where corporations can sue governments for enacting laws that are harmful to their profits!  If not people knew what was happening they would be up in arms.  Our apathy doesn't run that deep.  That's why they are conducting these meetings in absolute secret. We stopped SOPA and we can stop this. I'm not saying it will be easy, but united we can do it. 




 Not if we fight like hell. 




 you mean an oxymoron? but i don't think computers are inherently any less secure than any other form or storing/sharing information such as pen and paper. 




 I don't think you understand.  The cops paid his legal fees in addition to what they took from him. 









   Stuart won back the amount seized plus legal fees which totaled around $12,000. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Aiyana_Jones

The officer was charged with manslaughter and reckless endangerment with a gun, was tried twice, but both trials ended in mistrials. I would like to know if this guy is still on the force.  This wasn't his first issue with no-knock raids, having killed two family pets in 2007. 




 This is real, regardless of the source.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Aiyana_Jones 




 Ok, I'm glad to hear that and hope that it's true. 




 It might well be easier in Japan where conformity and obedience to authority are even more ground in to their society than in the West. 




  In December 2013, the Japanese parliament passed a bill whereby public officials and private citizens could face ten years in prison for divulging special state secrets, and journalists, five years, for seeking to obtain classified information. The bill is widely interpreted as a way of preventing sensitive information about Fukushima (among other topics) reaching the Japanese public and by extension the rest of the world  




 Great movie. 




 Some info about the author:

 David Ernest Duke (born July 1, 1950) is an American White nationalist, writer, right-wing politician, and a former Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan,[5][6] and former Republican Louisiana State Representative. He was a candidate in the Democratic presidential primaries in 1988 and the Republican presidential primaries in 1992. Duke has unsuccessfully run for the Louisiana State Senate, United States Senate, United States House of Representatives, and Governor of Louisiana. 




 How the hell is Chomsky a "corporatist"? Explanation and source please. 




 or is it only.... the beginning?! 




 Annihilate the hatred in your heart.  Then when the majority of the people involved in this conflict do the same, then there will be peace. 




 You do realize that just because science hasn't discovered something yet doesn't mean it doesn't exist.  Did the effects of relativity not exist before Einstein?  Did Pluto not exist before we knew about it?

My statement is called a hypothesis.  Something that you base scientific studies around.

It's almost as if you don't understand science at all.. 




 Also, I was just describing the methodology that 432 tuning arose out of.  I didn't make it up.  The doubling is because that is how an octave is defined!  The note A is always given as the base pitch for any standardized tuning. You clearly do not know much about music theory in general and I think you are speaking out of ignorance on a lot of topics. 




 Actually no, that's not what confirmation bias is.  Confirmation bias is when you only seek out information that confirms beliefs you already have.  I think the phrase you're looking for is "placebo effect".  I have a degree in psychology for the record.

And yes, I have done a blind test and found 432 hz to be more pleasing to me.  Here do it yourself:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVoVr9UwOQM 




 All I know is that I like how it sounds and how it makes me feel. I don't give 2 shits about convincing anyone.  I don't think I'll be posting on this subreddit anymore because I simply tried to share some thoughts and information and just got shot down for doing so.  So, peace have a nice life. 




 Elaborate. 




 You might like [r/pantheism/](/r/pantheism/). 




 A hit of Ayahuasca? Whaa? I've only seen it offered through shamans, mainly in South America, but some new shamans in the US as well.  You are being sarcastic then? 




 I'm saddened to see such a close-minded comment upvoted on this sub.  I also wonder if you have ever sat with Mother Ayahuasca?  This video is To me, this video speaks of how to scientific is merging with the spiritual.  We are learning the physiological and scientific reason on how this amazing concoction of herbs works her healing magic.

How do you know this man is "deluded"? What exactly about his comment gives you that impression?  I think his having done it so many times means he knows more about it than you or I (for the record, I've done it once.) 




 Sure.  It's called the [Schumann resonances](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schumann_resonances) which is basically an electromagnetic resonance caused by the interaction of the constant lightning around the Earth and the Earth's atmosphere.  It so happens that the fundamental frequency of this is 7.83 hz approximately 8.  Now, musically an octave is defined by a doubling a frequencies, so using this as the base we arrive at 512 hz for middle C (EDIT: sorry, one octave above middle C).  Basing the other notes around that frequency we get 432 hz for A.  I'm actually not sure why the numbers are rounded.  Maybe because of the appeal of using powers of 2? 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schumann_resonances 




 I am a proponent of 432 tuning also known as [scientific pitch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_pitch).  I don't necessarily think 440 hz tuning is result of a conspiracy, more likely simply a mistake out of ignorance.  I believe that even if you can't distinguish the difference consciously, there are still unconscious effects of listening to frequencies that are actually in sync with the humming of the Earth.  It is subtle, but real.  This is a very new topic and I don't know of any scientific studies examining it, but it's definitely something ripe for exploration.  I'd advice you to not simply write something off immediately because it sounds a little out there. 




 If we don't destroy ourselves first, this is pretty much inevitable. 




 My question: Why does Marx generally get all the credit for "communism"? What specifically was Engles contribution? 




 He use a bad word. I'm telling! 




 (It's not.) 









 I found [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GAYtu7ATC8). 




 This is really interesting but I would love to see more primary sources.  Examiner.com literally lets anyone write anything with no substantiation. Let's keep digging! 




 That's really a questionable claim if you read all the comments here.  There is a loud vocal (hopefully) minority around here that can't seem to make the distinction. 




 Diversity only prevents unity among bigots. 




 Real love is never self-destructive, only uplifting. 




 This is happening everywhere.  CA is just an example. 




 Maybe it's not viable to stop cold turkey, but we can definitely move away from it.  There are many things you can do starting today, biking, reducing energy consumption, switching to plant based diet, starting a garden.  Then you can look into renewable energy options like solar, or wind.  We don't need a new infrastructure for this.  I think decentralization of production is key.  Can we make an impact? I think so. 




 I want to be a trustful, but discerning individual.  To trust the right people. 




 Thanks for an informative post. 




 Solution: get off of fossil fuels any way you can. 




 Yes, good for you, but in this case you not having a facebook profile would not stop the government from creating one FOR you. 




 No it's not just the truism part.  How about the idea that people who don't like misattributing a quote are "shillz"?  Or even if you just disagree, you are therefore paid to do so? 




 Omg, are you new to the internet? Voltaire never said this for the 67,312th time.  Also, while we're at it, the definition of insanity is NOT doing the same thing over and over.  And people DON'T only use 10% of their brains. 




 [So did the USA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_destiny) 




 As a scientifically-educated "new age hippie", I think this is a good idea. 




 No, not everyone does this. Just stop with this tired cliche. 




 Did you guys read the description of the video?  The deer was bottle-fed and raised by this family and socialized with the dog from a very early age.  They ARE friends for life. 




 From my anecdotal evidence, it's the opposite. 









 No it isn't, and you're wrong. 




 Are you implying that all state elections are rigged?  Because it was citizens who decided it was time to legalize.  I'm not saying government and media doesn't do everything it can to manipulate, but they don't actually have 100% control over what happens in state referendums. 




 People admonish Jews for conflating themselves with Israel "Anti-zionism does not equal anti-semitism" and then go and say things like this, conflating jews with Israel. 




 I was having a conversation with a friend recently and they mentioned that Buddhism teaches about "10 levels of consciousness".  Is this true?  Can someone point me to reading material about this?  Thank you! 




 Is the model extracted from the game directly? 




 I notice the usual "Jews are the devil" crowd is conspicuously absent on this comment page. 




 For some reason I was expecting a dress made out of duct tape. This is much nicer. 




 Yes, they should be very thankful that they were bred to to be forcibly impregnated, have their young ripped from them after a few days, round up and placed in a pen small enough that they can't even turn around, pumped full of hormones, be forced to pump as much milk as they can possible produce until they dry up, likely suffering infections, only to be shipped off to slaughtered in the end.

That really sounds like a great life. /s 




 Awesome! The cows thank you. Can you take the next step and give up dairy?  There are really great alternative cheeses I promise. 









 Well, not a whole lot to be honest, besides posting some links that I found inspiring.  Sometimes a piece of art isn't the thing itself that does the changing, but rather the thing that plants the seed of change.  It's called inspiration.  Really, it's better than nothing.  It's a start. 




 And what have you done to change the world today, hmm? 




 I'm not mad bro. 




 Yeah, ok. Thanks for being honest. 




 OK, I'll taze you repeatedly and see how long it takes you to start walking. 




 Why would they break their legs? Do you break your leg every time you jump? 









 Just watched a video about the new GUI system. I have never been so psyched to make GUIs before! 




 Thanks for replying on my behalf.  I was crafting a reply along these lines but then I decided I didn't really want to get into another debate with a rationalist today. =D 




 If your partner is worried about you having sex with others in a DREAM, they are way too insecure.  Dreams are supposed to be the place where we can act out whatever we need psychology.  It's a natural escape valve for desires and fears, even those we didn't know we had.  It's the only place you can do whatever you want without fear of judgement or consequences.  Lighten up and have fun. 




 A biological process causes our experience of EVERYTHING, not just dreams.  So you can't use that criteria to say dreams are any less real than waking life. 




 The videos do look fake.  But then, are these people really dead?  If so, why not just really behead them?  If not, where are they? 




 Click on your name next to your karma.  It's one of the tabs at the top (on the same line as "overview" and "comments". Cheers. 




 I know, I know... but what about my likes and my 400 "friends"? 




 People have been getting high since before they were people.  Animals such as deer eat herb on the regular.  Likely, early in our evolutionary like our ancestors ingested marijuana. 




 /r/eldertrees is what you're looking for. 




 Why bother to defend your policies with law when you can just hire a shady mercenary group to execute your will with no accountability?  Why didn't government think of this sooner? On second thought, I'm sure they did. 




 You're crazy. 




 I want to find out more and possibly help.  Am programmer. PM me. 




 Can you link to this tape please? 




 Try the save button. 














 How does PixelPusher compare to Arduino or BeagleBone?

My suggestion is to try using a Slerp function to smooth the motion and make it look more natural. 




 That video rocked. 




 Where does the C come from? 




 If you're interested, the EPA was investigating this [until they mysteriously dropped the case in 2012](http://www.binghamtonhomepage.com/story-green-right-now/d/story/anti-fracking-groups-ask-the-epa-why-it-dropped-wa/37848/v_37C2ypVUS3KENCd0VzDQ). 




 People here don't like the suggestion that you should actually change your diet/behaviour in light of information. 




   And if requesting me to do things is what you want to do, by all means, have at it! But rather, how about instead of impotently requesting others to do things for you, how about you try being the change you want to see in the world.

That's exactly why I did start proposing solutions.  Did you even finish reading my post?

 But I guess there will always be defeatists and people who like to hide like you. Nothing new there.

You're calling me defeatist because I asked you to start thinking about solutions? That's funny. 




