 no problem :) 




 What game are you talking about?  




 yes you can buy ranks in the skills as if they were trained. 




 Yes you can :)

Hey I remember you from my [Lfg post](http://www.reddit.com/r/lfg/comments/1xn44v/online_star_wars_edge_of_the_empire_new_gm/) last week. Did you ever find a group that fit your schedule? 




 Hey man, I got your message. Are you sure you can't do Thursdays? I changed the listing to Thursday's because I'm now occupied for the the other days. 




 Hi, my name is Ryan. This is my first time GMing an rpg. I'm looking for new or inexperienced players, but veterans are welcome if you're willing to be friendly and patient with new players. For schedule I'm thinking weekly games on Thursday. Games would be about 4:30pm PST. Session time I guess would be a few hours, I have yet to try the system so I'm not sure. If you're interested send me a message with a way I can talk to you (preferably Skype) so we can discuss things and I can get to know you.
Thanks for clicking and have a nice day/evening. 

Edit: I changed the game date to Thursdays. As of now I'm just not able to do it any other day.

Edit 2: Party's full. Thanks for the help guys :) 




 He didn't, he was the property of Princess Leia. She just gave him orders to find Obi-Wan. 




 Sure. Could you message me some kind of contact info so we could talk more? 




 Hi! If I don't get any hits on this I might just GM one myself. I've never done it before, but there's a first for everything :). And if I do do that you'd be welcome to join. 




 Hello! I'm looking to be part of a Star Wars game. I've played a couple of sessions of 3.5 and Pathfinder so I'm not new to Rpgs, just this one. I have yet to try out the game but I understand the dice system and the character creation (apart from the obligation point system. I need someone to help explain that to me.) For Fridays I can anywhere from 4:30pm PST to late into the night. Sundays I can go from 1:00pm to 7. So post a comment or send a message if you'd be interested in having me. Thanks for the consideration and have a wonderful day/evening.

Edit 1: Friday is filled. Sunday is still open :). 




 What... 




 alrighty, I'll send a message on skype. 




 I think I could do that. Could you message me some contact info so we can go into more detail? 




 Hello! I'm currently looking to join a weekend Pathfinder group. I've never played Pathfinder before, but I have played a few sessions of 3.5 so I believe I have the basics down. I'm open to playing any role that I'd be needed in (I don't have much experience with magic but I'm willing to learn). I'd say anytime after 4:30pm PST works best for me, and for Fridays and Saturdays I can go late into the night (I usually stay up past dawn so if you guys are operating in Europe or Asia I can be available). So just comment or message your information, and thanks for the consideration.

Edit 1: For Saturdays I'm available from 12pm PST to whenever, if that helps :)

Edit 2: Alright so it looks like I've found some groups, so unless anything happens with them I think this post is done. Thanks for the help everybody :) 




 child PCs? You've had someone really roll up a kid to go adventuring?
 




 They got rid of their entire history... Dick Grayson was never a Titan, Beast Boy was never a titan, and neither were Raven, Cyborg, or Starfire. In the New 52 the Teen Titans are a newly established group.

...Also Beast Boy is now red instead of green. 




 They wanted a fresh start. But while the New 52 does have a lot of good things going for it, there's a whole lot of bad decisions like this. Don't get me started on the things they did to the Teen Titans. 




 Yes they abandoned his Origin story of trying to find a cure for his sick wife. In the New 52 he never met his wife Nora. Instead she's just a sick women in cryostasis that Mr. Freeze became obsessed with while working at Wayne Enterprise. 




 How old are you?


What's the most expensive thing you've stolen?


Tell me about your fence, the guy you sell your stolen goods too.


Why are you a thief?




 




 Man I love that gif 




 a few B horror movies

Dude, she starred in Halloween 4 and 5! :p 

But you're right, she is fine. 




 How old were your victims? 




 How did you kill your victims? 




 And to think I pay these people a thousand dollars in premiums!  




 I would't say Jack is a Redneck; he's more of a cowboy. 




 Carpenter said the film bombed because of bad marketing on the studio's part :( 




 Her mind and spirit must be goin' north and south. 
 




 This is gonna take cracker-jack timing, Wang. 




 You should only worry if you haven't paid your dues, Jack. 




 You press 'caps lock' to speak. You should she a little microphone icon pop-up in the lower left corner. 




 lol, everyone thinks my name is from Naruto. I just like killerbees... :p

 




 To me this is when the series started to become great. Don't get me wrong, the 1st season wasn't bad, it's just surpassed by all the other ones. Plus I freakin' love Mr. Turner; I was sad when he left the show. 




 That's Humans. I think you're thinking of the place you grew up in.

 




 no, no, no [Spoiler](/s "kids do talk like that, I'm in High School now and kids talk about the same things in the same way and act the same [besides the assaulting part :p] I just didn't really see the kids in the story progress into madness. I mean you had the pencil scene, the girl talking about her first time, and the fight... holy shit, you did see them go crazy overtime.  Now I believe the ending.") 




 I love Rage, but to me the ending is just... off. [Spoiler](/s "The kids all assult Ted, and that just seemed weird. But hey, it's memorable.") 




