 Other credible sources:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2015/02/20/is-vladimir-putin-hiding-a-200-billion-fortune-and-if-so-does-it-matter/

http://cnnpressroom.blogs.cnn.com/2015/02/15/putins-net-worth-is-200-billion-says-russias-once-largest-foreigner-investor/

http://www.businessinsider.my/russias-former-largest-foreign-investor-putin-is-worth-200-billion-2015-2/

http://www.news.com.au/finance/money/vladimir-putin-could-be-worlds-richest-person-with-stolen-257b-fortune-investor-claims/story-e6frfmci-1227222057528

 














 this is a really cool site. Do you know any others like it?  














 Why do girls think that way? honestly asking. It wouldn't even cross a guy's mind to consider that a possibility.  




 Well, what most guys would do in an unfixable situation is go to the pub for a pint, and wait for it to blow over. We don't really need to vent to our bros; I mean sometimes we do, but we don't need to. Why is that different for girls? 




 I would be insulted, if I knew what that meant  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/3biodm/does_hayabusa_mean_organ_donor_in_japanese/ 














 Only if the fox is out. 




 Don't let your dreams be dreams  




 Wow you know Ericopoly? Yeah this wasn't a bash small cap post, it's more of an anti-bash big cap one.  




 This isn't necessarily bashing small caps; rather it's about not bashing big caps.  









  I found this comment by commentor 'red' particularly insightful:

Because some revenue growth adds no value, some revenue growth even destroys value. Look it up, if you like.

The idea the revenue growth and high margins together drive value is wrong.
What drives value creation is growth without a deterioration in the return on investment.

In 1989 there was strong evidence (in the 10-k) of increasing returns on investment AND growth AND the share price was at the equivalent of $10. The annual return on every additional dollar invested by Coke was 59 cents, far above its ROIC of 22%. Those circumstances represent obvious value. Obvious to anyone who cared to look and cared to think even a little about it.

In 2012, theres 9% return on every dollar of new investment, far below the ROIC of 72.8%. It can grow all it likes at 9% returns and it wont create a dime of value Besides, the shares are now not at $10 but at $79 . 




  *This is the relevant portion of the article, which was originally written by the user 'coc' in CBF: http://www.cornerofberkshireandfairfax.ca/forum/fairfax-financial/what-percentage-of-your-portfolio-is-in-fairfax-financial/30/*

Im surprised you all let this go. Id like to comment on two things, both of which I consider nonsense.

1. It is very easy to find securities that will outperform the market.

2. Holding Fairfax is inferior to running around finding these very easy securities.

I think investors vastly underestimate how good Warren Buffett was at his job back in the 1950s and 1960s when he was buying these niche securities. Hes even better now, but obviously runs so much capital that his returns are lower. There seems to be this Buffett envy going on in value investing circles whereby investors feel the need to look for little cigar butts similar to what Warren used to  largely influenced by his talks to students and his biography.

And yet, I have seen precious few investors who have successfully done it. Beyond the platitude that smaller areas of the market are inefficient, there are considerable risks. You are usually investing in second rate businesses that destroy value, or at least are not really building any. Often these businesses are run by inexperienced managers and have little advantage over their competitors. Thus, the business risks you assume are big ones, although most investors think a cheap valuation makes up for it. Sometimes, but not always.

Take for an example Dempster Mill Mftg  a well known Buffett investment way back when. If you think through the situation, there was a good probability that the investment was not a wise one. It took heroic efforts by a new manager to keep Dempster from going under, and even then, it was not an absolute home run. Yet, most Buffetteers admire these types of investments Warren used to make.

But what was Warrens largest partnership investment? American Express, a well known company then and now, not a micro-cap dishwasher manufacturer. He also had a successful investment in Disney, and one in GEICO, again two companies that were well known. What was probably his best stock investment at Berkshire? The Washington Post, not exactly unknown.

Yet were told that he made all of his great returns back then because he could look small. Well, as with everything in life, the answer is yes and no. I think there is a great myth that you need to look where no-one else is looking and be creative in the investment process. That you should get points for creativity or something. But the very same people propagating this myth are students of Charlie Munger, who once wrote to Wesco shareholders that We try to profit more from always remembering the obvious then grasping the esoteric.

Lets talk about a few more of Warrens home runs. Petrochina, one of the largest companies on the planet. Freddie Mac, one of the largest companies on the planet. Coca-Cola, the most well-known brand on the planet. BYD, one of Chinas most well-known and well-respected companies. These are investments where, for the first 5-10 years, he made 25%+ compound annual returns. Who are these people not getting rich by consistently generating 25% compound returns? Where is this stock market where 25% annual returns dont generate alpha? Why do small investors need to run around looking at micro-caps?

***

Lets also look at some other legendary investors. What sort of returns did they achieve and what were they buying? Lou Simpson  20%+ type returns buying very well known companies. Rick Guerin  25% type returns investing in a pretty broad range of securities small and large. Ruane, Cunniff  15% over 40 years investing in large stocks. Eddie Lampert at ESL  you would probably know of almost every company he ever invested in  30% CAGR for a 15-20 year period. Glenn Greenberg at Chieftain  did 25% for about 20 years, again youd probably recognize almost every stock he owned.

These guys are legends, theyre all rich, and they invested in a huge range of securities.

Who do we know of that was investing in small securities that no one has heard of? Heres two: Schloss and Graham. Did either of them do 50% compounded? Hell no. Theyre hall-of-famers with 15-20% returns. Do I need to bring up Charlies returns? What has he bought over time?

So I dispute this notion that investors are somehow doing themselves a disservice by sticking with companies they know well and that others know well. Well-known companies are often just as mispriced as small ones. To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail, says Munger. Yet the Buffetteers seem to only admire one tool for finding cheap stocks (size constraints), when myopia, ignorance, and a host of other biases are just as powerful in creating misvalued securities.

To wrap this up a little, Im not saying there arent lots of small mispriced stocks. Buffett did very well with them, and there are probably others doing great, too. But recognize two things: 1. Huge CAGRs are really, really hard. 2. You can do extremely well investing in larger companies, great companies, and well-known companies, without a lot of the risks of investing in broken-down nags. This is well proven.

So if you rationally evaluate Fairfax and come to the conclusion that youre going to get 15-20%+ CAGR (eminently reasonable given the fact that they are a relatively small player in a gigantic global insurance market and are run by one of the smarter investment teams on the planet), dont worry about how much alpha youre not generating by looking elsewhere. Was it a mistake to invest in Berkshire when it had a billion dollar market cap and was well known? I repeat, there are no points for creativity. Dont forget it takes a unique cast of mind to just sit on some great companies and compound at high rates with no taxes, professional investor or not.

Im probably not going to convert anyone who believes strongly that they have to be looking in the dirty alleys for cheap stocks, but if youre on the fence, hopefully this is food for thought. 




  *This is the relevant portion of the article, which was originally written by the user 'coc' in CBF: http://www.cornerofberkshireandfairfax.ca/forum/fairfax-financial/what-percentage-of-your-portfolio-is-in-fairfax-financial/30/*

Im surprised you all let this go. Id like to comment on two things, both of which I consider nonsense.

1. It is very easy to find securities that will outperform the market.

2. Holding Fairfax is inferior to running around finding these very easy securities.

I think investors vastly underestimate how good Warren Buffett was at his job back in the 1950s and 1960s when he was buying these niche securities. Hes even better now, but obviously runs so much capital that his returns are lower. There seems to be this Buffett envy going on in value investing circles whereby investors feel the need to look for little cigar butts similar to what Warren used to  largely influenced by his talks to students and his biography.

And yet, I have seen precious few investors who have successfully done it. Beyond the platitude that smaller areas of the market are inefficient, there are considerable risks. You are usually investing in second rate businesses that destroy value, or at least are not really building any. Often these businesses are run by inexperienced managers and have little advantage over their competitors. Thus, the business risks you assume are big ones, although most investors think a cheap valuation makes up for it. Sometimes, but not always.

Take for an example Dempster Mill Mftg  a well known Buffett investment way back when. If you think through the situation, there was a good probability that the investment was not a wise one. It took heroic efforts by a new manager to keep Dempster from going under, and even then, it was not an absolute home run. Yet, most Buffetteers admire these types of investments Warren used to make.

But what was Warrens largest partnership investment? American Express, a well known company then and now, not a micro-cap dishwasher manufacturer. He also had a successful investment in Disney, and one in GEICO, again two companies that were well known. What was probably his best stock investment at Berkshire? The Washington Post, not exactly unknown.

Yet were told that he made all of his great returns back then because he could look small. Well, as with everything in life, the answer is yes and no. I think there is a great myth that you need to look where no-one else is looking and be creative in the investment process. That you should get points for creativity or something. But the very same people propagating this myth are students of Charlie Munger, who once wrote to Wesco shareholders that We try to profit more from always remembering the obvious then grasping the esoteric.

Lets talk about a few more of Warrens home runs. Petrochina, one of the largest companies on the planet. Freddie Mac, one of the largest companies on the planet. Coca-Cola, the most well-known brand on the planet. BYD, one of Chinas most well-known and well-respected companies. These are investments where, for the first 5-10 years, he made 25%+ compound annual returns. Who are these people not getting rich by consistently generating 25% compound returns? Where is this stock market where 25% annual returns dont generate alpha? Why do small investors need to run around looking at micro-caps?

***

Lets also look at some other legendary investors. What sort of returns did they achieve and what were they buying? Lou Simpson  20%+ type returns buying very well known companies. Rick Guerin  25% type returns investing in a pretty broad range of securities small and large. Ruane, Cunniff  15% over 40 years investing in large stocks. Eddie Lampert at ESL  you would probably know of almost every company he ever invested in  30% CAGR for a 15-20 year period. Glenn Greenberg at Chieftain  did 25% for about 20 years, again youd probably recognize almost every stock he owned.

These guys are legends, theyre all rich, and they invested in a huge range of securities.

Who do we know of that was investing in small securities that no one has heard of? Heres two: Schloss and Graham. Did either of them do 50% compounded? Hell no. Theyre hall-of-famers with 15-20% returns. Do I need to bring up Charlies returns? What has he bought over time?

So I dispute this notion that investors are somehow doing themselves a disservice by sticking with companies they know well and that others know well. Well-known companies are often just as mispriced as small ones. To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail, says Munger. Yet the Buffetteers seem to only admire one tool for finding cheap stocks (size constraints), when myopia, ignorance, and a host of other biases are just as powerful in creating misvalued securities.

To wrap this up a little, Im not saying there arent lots of small mispriced stocks. Buffett did very well with them, and there are probably others doing great, too. But recognize two things: 1. Huge CAGRs are really, really hard. 2. You can do extremely well investing in larger companies, great companies, and well-known companies, without a lot of the risks of investing in broken-down nags. This is well proven.

So if you rationally evaluate Fairfax and come to the conclusion that youre going to get 15-20%+ CAGR (eminently reasonable given the fact that they are a relatively small player in a gigantic global insurance market and are run by one of the smarter investment teams on the planet), dont worry about how much alpha youre not generating by looking elsewhere. Was it a mistake to invest in Berkshire when it had a billion dollar market cap and was well known? I repeat, there are no points for creativity. Dont forget it takes a unique cast of mind to just sit on some great companies and compound at high rates with no taxes, professional investor or not.

Im probably not going to convert anyone who believes strongly that they have to be looking in the dirty alleys for cheap stocks, but if youre on the fence, hopefully this is food for thought. 







































 You shift your perspective from expecting initial rates of returns to good earnings growth. As long as the latter is high enough, it doesn't matter that the former is poor (to a certain extent). Of course, they have to be reliable as well, which is where your moats, desirable rates of return and margin of error come in.  




 The Ebony Throne 














 Just see Goodwill as another capital expense. As long as the return on asset is satisfactory for physical+intangible assets, it's usually fine. It's not like they actually break it down in the 10-K anyway. 




 source: http://jonathansoma.com/singles/# 












































 Ok english please. 














 How do you check the times for frequent locations? 














 \#FIREKT 




 Wake up sheeple. 




 Basically you have no chance compared to someone who actually has a finance degree. You want to have something on your resume which will actually get your foot in the door in the bigger banks or boutiques. 

The best way to do that would be to have some experience as an analyst. Most junior level credit analyst jobs involves stuff you've already learned getting your CPA, so you're definitely capable. You just want to get some credibility so that the banks will actually look at you. 

So go to a small shop who usually can't afford the 100k IB salary, offer to work for half of that, then add it to your resume six months later and apply at a bank. Most of these jobs usually have very long probation periods (6 months) built in because they expect you to jump ship before then. Once you have a 6 month stint on your resume, the banks will actually give you a glance.  




 It's more about supply and demand than any notion of a standard rate. If it's too low, walk away. If she thinks it's not worth it, you won't convince her.  




 Literally applied on a whim on their website and got it. Having passion for it and a willingness to accept lower pay probably helped. Look for small shops who are cash strapped and do a 6 month stint there. After that you're on the same footing as any finance graduate.  




 Why it's a giant mushroom! 




 ... 




 More like- 




 Nobody would do that  




 I'm giving them 6% ROA   3% returns on buybacks. If you're happy with that then it's a pretty solid choice.  




 Link please? 




 Did they just confess to withholding content for a marketing scheme? 





























 I thought "deadly" was being used to describe the handshakes. 







































 Is his kids name Xanthippe? 




 Wouldn't do anything. They owe something like $41m/person  




 Welcome to Japan.  














 This is Squeenix. It'll cost your right arm and left kidney. 

Reviving Aeris after Disc 1 will cost your soul.  









 BATtlestar Galactica. 




 See, I told you not to preorder. 
























 like the number of possible combination in a pack of cards exceeding the number of atoms in the universe? 














 I see, thanks! 









 What am I supposed to be looking for? As an aside, the Emissive II one was really impressive. 



















 why does this exist... 









 oh sorry, I meant football field ;) but wow those ships are big 




 wow it's surprisingly small! I expected it to be like the size of a basketball court 
























 I got a position in the Restructuring at KPMG once.

Basically, the investment banks do all the calculations, then they hire KPMG to do all the heavy lifting (e.g. effecting all the operational changes, informing an army of foreign labor they've just been let go, dealing with bribery, etc.). So yes, it was technically 'Restructuring', but you don't actually do any of the math stuff. It's basically like what an audit junior is to 'Audit'.

Not sure whether it's the same in your case, but I don't think they'd be able to pay peanuts if it was the same type of work at the IB's. 




 yes 



















 Hi, my name is Prince Alibudabhi, and I'm here to share with you the fortune of my late father. 




 The last time I read about it a year ago, it had a bug where the messages sent from Quick Reply didn't send {red exclamation mark}. Can anyone confirm whether it's working now? 









 http://nick-intl.mtvnimages.com/uri/mgid:file:gsp:scenic:/international/mtvema/2014/images/nominees/main/Taylor-Swift-1940x720-v2.jpg?height=720 width=1940 matte=true quality=0.75 














 Airwrecka 




 Why are tech stocks delisting from NASDAQ to list on China? Sorry first I heard of it. 

Yeah agree on the schadenfreude thing. How long have you been in the markets? 




 Sentiments on bubble popping? 




 You from Shanghai? 




 Relevant username? 




 That's not how this works  




 I want you to imagine a butthole in place of your interviewer's mouth. 




 You mean the oil spill wasn't an accident? 




 Choose something everyone is bad at, like multi tasking.  




 But are you running for president? 




 Because anyone giving almost any other reason given would beat you.  




 Tying up loose ends before quitting? You're hired! 




 Business Bank? 




 Karma isn't a finite resource  




 I can't believe how many people missed the joke.  




 Jim Cramer. 



















 I did. From a risk:reward perspective it's pretty much a blue-chip at this point. I'm expecting 12% CAGR going forward if things remain the same (which it probably won't). 




 He used to work as a bellboy. 









 True, but the character's base stats heavily favored one role so most people didn't bother switching. You'll find very few STR Rinoa's or DEF Lulu's. Whereas experimentation of jobs was a key trait in earlier games; the fact that Lvl 99 Onion Knights were an achievement shows that jobs were meant to be a deep part of the game's foundations. 




 It's either revolutionary or rebellious. It changed a lot of the traditional aspects that fanboys had grown up with (e.g. no victory theme for regular battles) and felt entitled to. And the character development of the main character was basically non-existent. However it had an extremely rich plot, extremely well fleshed out battle system and the game world was almost MMORPG sized. You can literally spend over 1000 hours in it and not finish every side quest. 

The other gripe by fanboys was that it went back to the original FF styles before the gripe-y nature of FF7, so those who learned about Final Fantasy after 7 naturally felt it wasn't very "Final Fantasy". Up to today, the FF camp can be split evenly between the old boys and the new boys - with the old boys preferring mana casting, job switching, fairy tale escapism; while the new boys prefer fixed roles per character, over-the-top flashiness and gritty realism. 

If you've never played a FF game before though, you'll be sure to like it as you'll be coming in without any biases.  




 No 9 is a throwback to the original games BEFORE FF7. That's why it was so controversial to the youngins who only got in after 7. 




 This is exactly the rig I used to emulate XII a few years back.  




 Mmjh ffhkkk frgbhg wrrygd 




 That's okay just spit on them  




 Did you catch the little red ball? 




 You're thinking of him now  




 Aww that's cute 3 




 How do they taste with rice? 




 So I could kill someone by daring them to eat a large cup of apple seeds? 




 Then his dad beats the shit out of him with jumper cables? 




 Like reverse headphones  




 For her novel expected release date 2052.  




 When I'm craving a snack I blend raw chicken and down them as a smoothie 




 GO SEE A DOCTOR  




 hunter2? 




 Which shrivel in the vacuum of space.  




 Still better than the boy of the prophecy who lost his childhood because he was destined to save mankind from the wrath of the inflatable owls.  
























 http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-09-18/kohler-if-everything-thinks-its-a-bubble-it-probably-isnt/5750264 
























 what car was it? how much was it?

did he sell it to you at cost, but gouge you with last-minute financing and must-have leather seats?  




 but more than pocket sand 




 "How much unearned revenue do we have?"

"Well, how much do you want it to be?" 









 He even changes personalities at one point.  




 Astutr observation, my good Watson  




 It'll be 20 years since FF7 came out in 2017. It'll almost definitely be 2 years.  




