 She's beautiful OP and you guys look like you made each other really happy. I'm sorry for your loss.  




 You right you right.  




 No homo? 




 Ssssoooooo... You love her? 




 This story starts on a Friday. I got really drunk and stopped by Taco Bell on my way home. Never a good idea but that shit is blaze when you're hammered. 
The next day I couldn't leave my apartment because I couldn't leave the bathroom for more than 15 mins. It wasn't until about 4 pm that I felt safe to leave my place. 
I called my buddy Stevie B and we decided to go into the city for the arts festival. We packed a couple book bags full of beer and headed down for a few hours. 
On the way back to my place we decided to stop at the Burger King. Cuz we were drunk and that shit is blaze when you're hammered. 
Now I'm usually pretty shy. I'm a polite guy and I usually don't like to be the center of attention but for some reason  (I'm guessing the alcohol had something to do with it) I decided it would be funny if I farted on Stevie B while he ordered. 
As the lady read off his total I got into position. I backed up toward him until he was about a foot away, lifted my leg and pushed expecting to hear a fart followed by laughter. It ended up sounding more like a child blowing bubbles in his chocolate milk. 
The lady behind the register and Stevie both looked at me with the what-the-fuck face. I stood there for a second looking at both of them trying to wrap my mind around the fact that I just shit myself in a Burger King. After standing there for what felt like forever exchanging glances with the two of them I managed to spit out the words, "I'll be right back." and I did a penguin like waddle to the bathroom to finish what I had started back at the register. I had to ditch my favorite pair of boxers in the bathroom trash can. The damage was far to great to save them. They weren't just my favorite boxers. They were my lucky boxers. RIP Never forget. 
Anywhoo.. I must have been in there for a good bit because when I got out of the bathroom Stevie was just about finished with his food. I told him about having to leave my drawers behind as he finished up. He stood up, patted me on my back and said, "Well old boy. You win some and you lose some." Then he laughed really loud at me then we left. 

Never trust a fart. 

TL;DR Ate Taco Bell, got drunk and decided to try to fart on my buddy. Ended up pooping on myself.  




