 Aesthetic 




 Its rad. I picked up TWIABP's Whenever if ever, josh is dead, and deer leap split. Also Tigers Jaw self titled and Pity sex Feast of love. They have great stuff on the distro. 




 Yo I picked up whenever if ever too. Kinda dumb since i already have the latest tour press but still. 




 Im actually seeing pannucis pizza in may and have seen empire empire. I love both of them. Old gray is rad and i havent listend to salvia palth before. 




 I saw the Hotelier once when they were on tour with TWIABP. They were amazing but i never looked them up. Thank you 




 Morning Effort, things fall apart, and pannucis pizza are great. I love morning effort. Seeing pannucis pizza in may actually. I especially love their side project little tyrant. 




 Im actually just getting into elvis depressely. They're great. Ill check the other band out. 




 Really liking Not like igor. Thank for the links
 




 For some reason i love the song Skeleton guy by a landslide.

Hey i suggest looking up Guest House- ill get over it i guess and Grammer - awesome knifes. Both are great 




 Yo The Family bed is pretty rad. I havent taken a lot of time to listen to them but they are great. 




 Sorry but i wanted to ask r/emo who they believe are the best new emo bands around. Personally im a huge fan of Free Throw, TWIABP, Tigers Jaw, Sorority Noise, and (even though not exactly emo) Teen suicide.

Also if anyone one has any suggestions if bands that i should look up thatd be appreciated. I just want to know who you all believe is leading the emo scene currently. 




 Yo i saw these guys twice at The Mr. Roboto project in Pittsburgh. They are amazing. I love their old stuff. Favorite song off the album next to lets get invisible. 




 Yea im all good 




 Free throw is rad. Cant wait to see them the 21st.  




 For a sec i thought this was going to be about the Mr. Roboto project in PA. Anyways, i love how parents will do this type of stuff to put a smile on their children's face.  




 You are a wonderful person. I wish you the best 




 Ill make sure to try to read it. Thank you very much for your words. It truly helps. Thank you. 




 I just need to get out of the house you know? Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day. thank you for believing me. 




 it's just been hard and shit lately. I just felt like you all deserved an update. thank you for your kind words. It has most definitely taught me something about myself.  




 Thank you, i will try! 




 I hope i can. Thank you so much. 




 It's hard cause when i think of the future it scares me. More years of living like this. More years of being alone. It stresses me out as well because i know ill always be insignificant, and that i have to do extremely well in school. I do not like to think about the future when its so hard to think about today. 




 I live around Pittsburgh. I much rather not exactly most the specific area but its around Pittsburgh.  




 Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/2xzb2r/im_going_to_kill_myself_by_friday_i_hate_myself/

I guess ill introduce myself. My name is Tyler. I am 16 and have lived in Pennsylvania my whole life. I've been depressed since i was 8 and have tried to kill myself multiple times but have failed. A lot of you asked for my age so i guess i felt like i should tell you all.
This whole post is going to be a mess. Im very tired and honestly not very stable so i apologize

Well it's Saturday and im posting this so as you can see i did not go through with it. I cried all last night and cried for a good hour this morning. I have a mixture of feelings about it. Anger, disappointment, frustration, sadness. I was too much of a coward to go through with it. I'm simply pathetic, but i just couldn't do it. No matter how much i want to die, no matter how much i hate myself, i just cant to it. I cant pain the one's i love by doing it. I want to die so much but i just don't have it in me to go through with it despite all my unsuccessful attempts in the past. I apologize for my post and worrying all of you. I cant say im doing better but i am alive. I did harm myself but it wasnt bad. I made a mistake by not killing myself but i guess that i should stick around. I may be suffering and extremely depressed but i guess i cant die yet. I'm so confused really. No matter how much i desire death i cant do it. I feel so empty right now, but hopefully things will get better. 

I thank all of you for your comments and messages. You all gave me such wonderful advice and things i really needed to hear. I apologize if i did not reply to any of your PMs or comments, my mind and self was everywhere and i was so damn depressed that i couldnt bring myself to reply anymore. I felt ashamed of myself. You are all such great people and i thank you from the bottom of my heart for your reply and kind words. 

I may not be able to ever be happy and may not be able to get myself out of this void. I feel horrible about who i am and have no self esteem. I do want to die but i guess i cant. It hurts that death isnt an option but there are people here that i must stay alive for. My depression has taken over but i can try to live with it. I have been for years, but it just sometimes gets so hard. Ive been depressed for half my life and it's hard to continue living this way. I care too much yet do not receive that care from the ones i love. I am resented due to me being clingy towards those people i hold close. Due to that i push them all away. Ive been alone for so long. I hate myself so fucking much. Im so very sorry for myself and my actions. Im sorry that i did not go through with it. Im sorry that i am pathetic. I thank you all for who you are and I appreciate all of your concern. Thank you. 

Tonight i'll be doing something that i havent done in a while due to social anxiety. Im going out to a concert with my best friend. Thank you all 




 I cant say better but i can say alive. 




 Im okay 




 No one does but i cant count myself as human. A human can feel love and emotions. A human can sleep and go outside without wanting to jump in front of a car. I am not human. I am inferior to all you great people. You all are amazing. I do not deserve the love and support from all of you. 




 Ive been harming myself since i was 14 and ive survived by thinking if my family. I do not want to upset them and out them through pain. I have tried to commit suicide multiple times in the past but failed. I guess lately i just dont have the energy. I only get 2 hours of sleeo each night and eat once a day or every two days. I guess i survived because deep down i know that i don't want to die even though its my ultimate desire. I also cope with music and was hoping to become a musician. Life is difficult and i feel like death is a gift. Maybe dying is too good for me. I deserve go suffer. 




