 Cuntpuncher knows what's up 




 Sick delts 




 My wanna *nip* that biting thing in the butt before it gets bad. 




 That was fucking hilarious 




 Some of these are absolutely baffling 




 You'd be surprised by people that vote on legacy.  




 I agree that his economic stance is just horrendous - but I really don't think Paul has a good chance at winning, and my ONLY reason for thinking that is because he'll be running under the republican ticket. The republican party has done a well and thorough job of making themselves look even worse than the democrats, which is his downfall. 

They control congress so it's not out of question. However the dems seem to be the sexier party nowadays. It's unfortunate honestly, because Rand, Justin Amash, and Thomas Massie are very good Republicans. Bernie is the only Dem I see that is making waves with integrity. Hillary will win the primary, she'll go against bush and a battle of legacy will ensue, Hillary will win. Or against Walker and Hillary will still win because he is just a run of the mill republican and the country won't vote for that.

Well, a candidate needs funds to get the message out there. Many times have otherwise good candidates been outspent by horrible candidates that take tons of money.  




 If Paul goes against Hillary he may win.  




 I understand where you're coming from, as I've considered it myself. But I absolutely can't support his ridiculous stance on the economy that will do more damage to our country than his integrity will do good. We've had good people that were bad presidents, ex Jimmy Carter, and it won't set any gears in motion that will create good presidents in the future. Plus, he won't get along with congress either because of how belligerent he is. 

Rand Paul is the best bet at the moment. A candidate must take contributions from corporations in order to even compete and Rand Paul is on par with Sanders in terms of integrity, but with better views. I pay very close attention to Paul and his campaign, he is the best for the job. Either way, his tax plan isn't very friendly to large subsidized corporations and neither is his foreign policy plan for military contracting companies.  




 Zoe Barnes. Back on track. Lol.

I think she was quite *on track* the last time we saw her! 




 Sometimes I wish he didn't have such fucked views of the economy.  




 In the wise words of wooden bender: "We shall show the world our peaceful ways... by force!" 




 I'm not a fan of the short hair in general. But you have a great face 




 *swoon* 




 I'd just let it be honestly. I wouldn't want to put the strain on your relationship, she likely wasn't going to do it. 




 *slightly* 




 That was amazing. Great read 




 Wait, cycling creatine? Am I doing it wrong for drinking a scoop a day? 




 Got deleted what was it lol 




 More like comic book supervillain. 




 I really enjoy the Bulletins.  




 Nice traps! 




 I think part of it is that he got rid of the pedo stache, and grew out his hair. 




 This needs to happen. QUICK, EVERYONE (respectfully) TWEET AT JOSH. 




 Daaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyhyyyyyyyyyyyyuuuuuuuuuuyuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm gurl. 




 That's really not a good thing to do. People could get killed. 




 Nothing will be locked behind a paywall. You can earn everything in game by playing. And the revenue goes toward HCS prize pools, so imo there isn't a downside. 




 Man, Laura Bailey is hot as fuck  




 Honestly it's all a good thing. This is just another aspect that will keep people playing the game longer. I just hope there is forge with 24 players and customs is good. 




 There New Mombasa levels were going to be huge. Like really really huge. Open world 




 YES. FUCKING YES.  




 I... I... didn't think this was possible. 




 It'd probably be better. Both halo 1 and 2 are the PC versions, and they already ported the h3 engine for halo online 




 Well, he WAS dealing with the Chief. 




 I can hope.... I can hope for some beautiful Halo 4 environments in 4k and funny mods. 




 I mean, it blatantly says Halo: The Master Chief Collection with a pic of Chief in a graphic that showcases Windows 10.  




 I was referring to this image. http://pbs.twimg.com/media/B6NK-DPIAAA3i_D.jpg 




 I really don't want anymore re-releases of any kind. More spin off games will do just fine. 




 Oh c'mon. 




 Why? 




 Rekt 




 This wouldn't be the first time they've teased it so if they were going to do it, they'd just wait until windows 10 releases in all of its glory. 




 This is a pretty clever thought 









 It's come full circle.  




 - Bungie = Cord rope thing
- Highwire = Cord rope thing

Conspiracy amirite!? 




 The world is so against us!  




 Arby is literally the best at everything. Best sanghelli ever. 




 He is rivaled only by The Arbiter himself. 




 Nice. How was Vale as a character?  




 Did you read it? How is it? 




 Ah so it's not Mendicant? 




 I thought they confirmed that all alien AIb were enemies. 




 I just want a falcon or hornet 




 So are they team based? Or friendly to all humans? 




 Where did you see that halo 5 has lacking graphics? The full game will be 1080p 60fps. The most likely reason behind 24 players is design and balance choices, not graphical capabilities. 




 I thought it was fucking awesome. His dialogue was chilling. Halo has always been influenced by epic tales of myth, especially the forerunners. 




 Ewwww 




 Motion Capture production  




 I agree with you, but it really goes to show how subjective art really is. Even when it's with something so seemingly obvious such as color scheme. 




 Will warzone be forgeable and custom games viable? What specific gamemodes will be in Warzone? So Spartan Ops isn't making a return? Can we get any gameplay of Warzone? 




 Hype. Hype. Hype. I can't wait to see gameplay, also I want to see if it's all customizable for custom games.

Edit: why the fuck am I being downvoted for asking whether this shit will be customizable in customs? An wanting to see gameplay.  




 I was dying. *gahhhhh I regret everything* 




 Oh my. Oh my. 




 I will be over the moon if a new BioShock is announced 




 Freedoms aren't a privilege, they are a right.  




 ONI suppressed Ben by laying the truth out at his feet, then embarrassing him, discrediting him, and labeling him a terrorist. The truth is still out there, and Petra isn't as sloppy as Ben.  




 Solid 9. Brows on point, face on point. Need body pics 




 *Are you from Tennessee? Cuz you're the only 10 I see!*

*Are you a campfire? Cuz baby I want s'more!*

I crack myself up.  




 I am no ONI sympathizer, and they are bad. But at the time they let the chief take the fall for them. They did clear his name and work to bring the real perpetrators to justice and patch things up with the sanghelli. Devious criminal masterminds? Yes. Traitors? No.  




 Honestly a 1/10 




 I bet the "warrant" doesn't even exist! 




 Exactly 343. Make it happen. 

Tomorrow. 




 It'd be sick as fuck. Like the conference is just going on as normal, Dan is up on stage. Then BOOM power goes out, static, then Petra appears on screen. I doubt it though 




 That was fucking great 




 All Sapien Sunrise stuff 




 Honestly, 343 did a good job at fooling all of us that ONI could be that sloppy. I mean, a fucking shed on a glassed planet? How could we have not known. It's typical ONI deception. I'm thinking Petra will patch into the E3 conference tomorrow.  









 He does her interviews. I watch them all on his YouTube 




 And she's a vessel for dealing with his own mortality and existence. 




 I nominate that last quote as quote of the month 




 What are the chances of a Iso-Didact return? Especially with Cortana saying: "The Domain is open, the reclamation has begun" 

 So the Domain wasn't destroyed? I'd also go to say the flood is coming back full force. But... who has the Domain? Halsey and Jul? The Guardians? 




 I like the way he builds things.  




 I remember my one buddy **absolutely** hating halo 1, but I got him to play a couple games with me, next thing I hear "Ehh that was pretty fun" 

My GT is ZeALoTT if you want to play some h1 




 It's something you have to get used to. I never played it originally but then picked it up on MCC and loved it. You just have to learn the game and how to shoot a pistol. It's also possible you just got unlucky with god opponents. 




 Wait, where are you getting that the UNSC and UEG would collapse without ONI?  




 I was the 117th vote.

Yis 




 You didn't have no choice to quit. You only quit because you were getting smacked hard. That's not 343's fault, that's yours. And it's certainly not H1's fault.  




 I think you're going a little overboard. The game is pretty fun once you get used to it, it's halo in its purest form, and was really meant for 2v2 fun couch gameplay. Plus, the pistol is the BR in that game, I really don't see a problem with it. To be honest I think you just suck at it so you hate it for the reasons you suck.

The game has the widest skill gap out of any halos 




 Yeah, fuck Tam Brody 




 Bungie did amazing with the art in both Reach and ODST 




 These statements are fine for the most part. But people tend to fail to understand underlying causes. Most of the time it's not corporate greed. 




 Dude, you seriously have my goal physique.  




 1. How old are you? 

2. Nice chest. 

3. You have a great physique. Nobody cares about the scar. 




 Better be hittin them lower abs girl.

8/10 




 Are you m or f 




 Grow some self confidence 




 Only much more rude. Johnson was brash but likable, Palmer is just overbearing. 




 Blue team is only using GEN 1. 




 net 




 Safety time. Time for safety 




 Why? The flood are easily the most perilous threat to the galaxy.  




 Yeah, were they voiced by Joe Staten? (Sound identical to Bungies grunts) 




 The government poses a bigger threat to the internet than businesses. The government enables the businesses to fuck us over. 




 It doesn't work that way. Sorry.  




 I think everyone on this sub is following it. It's simply amazing 




 Amazing change. 




