


































 The most influential Christian angelic hierarchy was that put forward by Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite in the 4th or 5th century in his book De Coelesti Hierarchia (On the Celestial Hierarchy). During the Middle Ages, many schemes were proposed, some drawing on and expanding on Pseudo-Dionysius, others suggesting completely different classifications.

 What are your thoughts on this interpretation of historical mythology? 









 GAMEPLAY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM4cJk_wy1Q 




 The most influential Christian angelic hierarchy was that put forward by Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite in the 4th or 5th century in his book De Coelesti Hierarchia (On the Celestial Hierarchy). During the Middle Ages, many schemes were proposed, some drawing on and expanding on Pseudo-Dionysius, others suggesting completely different classifications.

What are your thoughts on this interpretation of historical mythology? 









 Raiden is so funny in that movie 




 just a beta no worries. the torch is probably still recognizing as a direct light source in conjunction with the flame animation, rather than a separate object in and of itself. This game has far to go before release time. The good thing is that I imagine even if it comes out 2 years from now, it will still maintain novelty due to its physically based combat and dungeon crawler aesthetic.   




 I think its a prelude 




 Yeah, maybe German people were kept just as unaware and ignorant as our own people today.  




 Even if you find a relationship with a girl, it won't satisfy. Why don't you try something radically different? Give up all the bullshit of being in college and meandering through life and go in search of God. Pick a road and follow it. Just keep going. Don't stop till your experiences have given you such an appreciation for life that you can't but be thankful for what God has given you and even more thankful for His grace on a wretch like you, that He came down from his throne as a god and humbled himself to human form and to die for your spiritual disgust. You soon will find a realization that your physical attributes are nothing in the eternity found in your spirit and companionship with the Creator of All Things. Suicide is fucking lazy. It's cheap and requires no effort other than wallowing in the deception that Satan has cast upon you. Living is a true accomplishment. So why don't you go show up every random good looking bastard with a girl friend by living a life that is beyond the mundane and trance like. BE FREE! BE FREE! BE FREE! IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST, BE FREE! 




 9/11 




 its essentially bull shit. It wasn't until recent that Sony upped the ante by including free game incentives each month with their PS plus package, which initially on the ps3 online was free. Xbox followed suit, but those greedy bastards still don't give ya much, shit like Assassin's creed brotherhood 5 yrs after it released. PS plus at least gives you games that have been out for only a year at times. Long story short, PC master race.  




 Yeah, I never understood the appeal of Keighly. Because, in reality, his experience really only extended to Gametrailers.com before he sold out to Spike TV. He also just seems pale and boring. Not a bad guy, just underwhelming in the realm of television. Whatevs.  




 He doesn't always have to be a dorito man. He can do whatever he wants. and When does a game journalist ever REALLY make a difference? best a journalist can do is entertain and inform 




 Steam sale going on for cyberpunk games till march 20th 




 Steam is having a Cyberpunk sale right now till march 20th. I'd high suggest you get there now 





























 - Sufjan Stevens
- Brand New
- The Welcome Wagon 




 He got a big foot in his ass 




 good stuff 




 :D 


































 ...and the moo- Shit! 




 dude, this is Reddit. How dare you criticize Oblama. 




 New Zealand  




 Most likely correct
 









 Well, national guard  will most likely not see duty, but who knows. Just depends if you want to put yourself in a position where you may have to "neutralize" a target, or enemy, or random bystander they think has an IED, or seize an opium field or oil field completely unrelated to "fighting terrorism". I personally don't agree with the military, especially the marines, it places people in morally compromising positions that may or may not lead to horrendous sins, some of which cause some to question their humanity.  




 Do you think the soldiers at that time were more of a police force rather than a military? 


































 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpaRouocBes t=2m0s 









 k
 




 Yeah, how dark? 




 I do get frustrated that Christian folk in the US seem to worship Israel as a manifestation of the likeness of Jesus Himself. In reality, all throughout the Bible, God constantly condemns Israel for turning from God, allowing its enemies to rule over Israel when it is especially far from God. Obviously God never gives up on Israel, but allows them wallow in the free choice of sin like any other sinner. I see current times as no different, Israel, for the most part, does not hold the Christian Messiah as authoritative and certainly does not turn to God alone, given that the land is becoming more secular by the hour. Much like the united states.  




 I just felt like Halo hadn't changed much and the novelty wore off from when I was in high school.  




 It is obvious that the United States shows an insurmountable amount of favoritism and biased to Israel. My question is why?

I know this subreddit can be full of memes and click-bait at times, so I want to take this opportunity now for anyone with legitimate knowledge and sources to please share with the rest of us. What are the direct links between the United States and the embarrassingly blatant influence Israel has on our politics, culture and military?

Who are the people? How is the money distributed? How did it get this way? And, where will it lead the US? 

I don't ask this to start argument, I earnestly ask this to be informed. Thank you in advance.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkvLuVsK6vw FIRST NIGHT, no spoilers, just mechanics 









 Can't wait to hear about the reaction at the Adult Swim booth at PAX East! 














 2025, MARS ONE PROJECT 




 Temptation comes and passes. Eyes on something else. Do a quick lap around the block. We will never live up. But a little battle won, is a relational boost with Christ that is all too worth it.  




 Spoiler - It was Magneto 





























 angry joe makes me ill inside and I'm upset this sub loves him so much. 




 Come-on-a-Yayy-HAA!! 









 That's great I love the color and style. reminds me of old asimov book covers and good anime. 




 this one's pretty crippy http://i.imgur.com/rUmJKbL.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/wuuTVcM.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/RUBdehh.jpg
and this one http://i.imgur.com/ajJgt66.png
and this one kinda http://i.imgur.com/Zoa3IZ4.jpg 




 Let's just stay focused on the Spaghetti situation 









 I didn't see that. Any good ones? 



















 Could totally photoshop something creepy in that water 
























 Who can tell if it's true or not, but Andrew goes to extensive lengths to make his story known 









 I'm confused why not a single Christ follower has entered this conversation? 




 Link to audiostory - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Vb86zpWtM

One of Robert A. Heinlein's Future History stories, the short story originally appeared in The Saturday Evening Post (February 8, 1947) What are your thoughts on this uncanny representation of pioneer space travel? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MGXHHOPXEQ 




 It was an example, and a commonly used form of demonic communication. I understand you perceive this as a cliche, but you must begin to see yourself as an eternal soul within the shell of your body. The beings you come in communication are ancient creatures, long since separated from their bodily temples, cast to float within the darkness. They have nothing more than eternal hatred flowing through their existence in hopes to separate you from the eternal God. They have nothing else. We humans are easily led astray. Do not be one of the many.  









 Lucifer was the leader of worship within Heaven before he was cast out. He knows makes you tick. We humans are built to worship something, anything, whatever that idol may be. Also, your comparison is not fair, Ouija boards are an attempt to come in direct contact with spiritual entities. Heavy Metal music, pending the energy or theme within its message, is not an overt spiritual activity. Though it all begins with a seed sown. Do not be naive, friend.  




 Often as Christians, we speak of living a godly life but forget about that which exists around us at all times, the spiritual realm. The spiritual realm is the true realm to which all of us will exist within once we exit our bodies and are connected to the Father. Yet, we often go day to day, praying and speaking to God without realizing the true power of prayer and our authority that we are granted and protected by in the power and authority of our Savior, Yeshua, Jesus Christ. We have angels that follow us everywhere we go, who protect us from demonic onslaught and can be commanded in the name of Christ to intervene in godly manners and spiritual issues that are worthy of God's purpose. There are evil forces that will latch on to us, should we allow Sin to enter into our life willfully. The power of these angels are subdued and held back due to our willingness to Sin. This is God's desire to allow so, so that we shall be humbled to reliance on Him alone. We as human souls are also powerless within the spiritual realm without protection and guidance from the Lord. We shall not enter the kingdom of Heaven or survive the haze of the spiritual dark realms without our savior by our side. If you play with occult activities such as Ouija boards, you may perceive them as simply a game, yet you open portals for demons to enter your life and your bloodline. Do not mess with that which you are not meant to partake in. If you have fallen into this, turn from it, and pray in the authority of Christ to cast away and destroy this evil that has entered your life through portals and footholds. If you attempt to astral project, you will be deceived by the demons into believing you are in control and have power. But in fact, you will be a mere human swimming in a vast shark infested sea. You will be bound to being eaten alive. Without the mercy and support from our creator, our author of life, our lover of souls, we are doomed to fall into deep sin. Friends, be aware of all that exists around you, bound and determined to drag you away from the love that Christ graciously pours upon our weeping souls. His love abounds eternally, and simply requires a humbling of pride to enter into a kingdom that stands strong forever. Claim this love that Jesus has for you, claim this authority that Jesus shields you with. Our eyes do not perceive the apparent message of the spiritual realm as they once were intended to, yet, this realm exists and there is a war waging around you for your eternal soul. Stand firm on the Lord - know that He will never leave, abandon or turn from you. Call upon his name with trust and sincerity. The greatest spoils of this world are rotting, as we speak, in the face of the eternal God. Be well and turn your sorrowful eyes to the King of Kings, the LOVER OF YOUR SOUL.  




 His reaction to her having her leg ripped off was a little under-dramatic. And I can't believe they didn't show gameplay during the credits, that's the most opportune time to showcase the game it's preluding  




 I feel so bad for games that take so many years to make, and I don't even finish them, throwing them off to the side to gather dust. Sure they received my money on the initial purchase, but I'm sure people have more invested in these projects than hopes for money.  




 That must be it, they're just rewriting the ending....for 10 years... 




 :D 














 So taser doesn't work, "wouldn't be restrained", so logically the next step is to fill him with lead. How can you justify this people? its all on video.  
























 The video credits bixby in the description silly goose 




 They credit them in the video description silly goose 




 So sad. Welcome to planet fucking Earth. No words for how unbelievably ineffective these officers are. Guns, badges, revoked immediately. 

When would using a lethal weapon in this situation ever conceivably appear like a smart choice. They murdered a man. May God have mercy on his and their souls.  




 No prob! 












































 ya bastard dick shit 




 Exactly, I can't imagine what would go through a self absorbed toddler's mind with that kind of power  




 Yeah! They did an old episode back in the day :) 














 I sense your sarcasm and I know there's grey areas but there is clearly an overarching complacency towards the constant bombings and occupation of Middle Eastern people's homelands. This lack of action has extended within the average church goer's mind to placidly allow their child to partake in the military lifestyle under the generalized guise that they are fighting some generic, propagandized evil known as "Terrorism".   




 You could say any random church that politically supports our troops over seas at this very instant in the name of "defeating terrorism" is supporting the misguided 20 somethings armed with assault rifles committing the atrocities.  









 suspended for 6 months? just long enough for everyone to forget and the show goes on 




 I'm glad you didn't do it. Jesus has a purpose for your life. One that must be fulfilled before the even greater purpose will, beginning in eternity with the Father!!!!!!!! 



















 apparently it requires permission to use. google drive. 














 tiught of u to do that 




 thats a cool econ ref dude 




 shut up 




 guize nuff 




 nope its mn 




 shhu t up 




 10 downvotes 




 The Adventures of Mark Twain (1995) 














 High Def version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AHOPZIa6U0 




 If you had a dynamic lighting system, that would be pristine. 




 It certainly would be the perfect length for it 









 Flouride, as you know, is a heavy metal, part of the halogen family. Heavy metals are usually excreted through out lymphatic system, but in heavy doses can collected and calcify, backing up your thyroid and rendering your immune system compromised.   




 nuttersbutters to you, fiend 




 And it took a Chem-trail to do it. Seem appropriate. 




 Link to audiostory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4R3G-P4WZ0

 Being credited with having created a science fiction subgenre depicting a planet or star colliding, or near-colliding with Earth, H.G. Wells apocalyptic short story stills hold relevancy in readers imaginations to this day. 
 What are your thoughts on this Sci-Fi Classic? 














 its kind of like the story of mewtwo in the first pokemon movie where he's super powerful but has no idea what his purpose is so he despises that which created him - humans  




 Lol good point. Reddit will be around for the rest of forever 




 Link to audiostory - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFU15ec01iU

Winning a Hugo Award in 1968. "Harlan Ellison wrote 'I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream' in a single night in 1966, making virtually no changes from the first draft. He derived the story's title, as well as inspiration for this story, from a drawing by a friend, William Rotsler." What are your thoughts on this terrifyingly mysterious classic? 









 wtf is this fucking bullshit? propoganda? on reddit? get out of town 














 I hate mainstream reddit. I hate the hivemind and I hate how unbelievably predictable they all are. How is it possible that such a large majority of minds all center around one particular topic, such as supporting vaccinations and countless other mindless bullshit (such as their obsession with Neil De Gressie Tyson, "science" and Cats). Yet, there is an insane amount of confirmation, circlejerk bias that people on reddit are "intelligent". You would think, just statistically, that there would be a varied split on opinions of popular topics, yet when you scroll through a comments section, all differing opinions are downvoted to oblivion. 

Is there some sort of robot algorithm that upvotes all posts that fall within the calculated perspective necessary to be viewed on reddit or have we, as a culminated population, truly created a singular hivemind that is so indoctrinated to believe one particular side of an argument or perspective that the system just perpetuates itself forward. Is it a fear of being downvoted? Does anyone actually care about "karma" or another internet person's opinion on themself? 

If anyone could shine some light on this topic, you'd be more than welcome to speak your mind.  




 I'm so astonipshed 




 What if none of us give a shit? 














 I don't see how crossfit could be generalized like this. The act of crossfit is a workout regimen involving power lifting, some olympic lifts, and organized circuit work outs. Usually each gym has a specific area for the crossfit members to workout, staying out of the way of stationary gym equipment.

Generalizing crossfitters to be douchebags based on this guy is about the same as generalizing all youtubers to be blatant retards because you watched PewDiePie. 

Or better yet, say that all redditors are part of the hivemind because they follow your dumbass comment.  














 you bet! 









 Awesome! How many books can we fit into these hexagonal hallways? :) 




 Short story audiobook can be viewed here - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WYqICycMxb0

Arthur C. Clarke has been noted on record stating "I am continually annoyed by careless references to 'The Sentinel' as 'the story on which 2001 is based'; it bears about as much relation to the movie as an acorn to the resultant full-grown oak. (Considerably less, in fact, because ideas from several other stories were also incorporated.) Even the elements that Stanley Kubrick and I did actually use were considerably modified. Thus the 'glittering, roughly pyramidal structure... set in the rock like a gigantic, many-faceted jewel' becameafter several modificationsthe famous black monolith. And the locale was moved from the Mare Crisium to the most spectacular of all lunar craters, Tychoeasily visible to the naked eye from Earth at Full Moon."

What are your thoughts towards the comparison? The stories themselves share a similar pillar, yet what do you find are their most contrasting differences? 




 Lol if they began scripting interstellar back in 1940 




 Do you think so? I find the music adds a sense of atmosphere the voice may not allow 
























 Apricot seeds - b17 - start now 









 [One step ahead of ya!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BROWqjuTM0g) 














 short story featured on the Twilight Zone, The Simpsons: Tree House of Horror and selected for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, enjoy :) 














 spool/n/thread 




 HOW DARE you like this game that everyone made a big deal about for no reason and have never seen violence of this caliber in any other game and/or media, especially within the United States of Murica'! - Nancy Grace

Can't wait for this game. I can now live out my sadistic fantasies within a virtual simulation rather than shooting up my skool like I secretly planned on doing. Thank you, Hatred!  
























 Give a man a kindle, you entertain him for a few days. Teach a man to kindle, you, uh, don't get as much karma.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2u14kd/i_gave_this_homeless_man_paul_my_kindle_after/ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2twc8u/had_an_amazing_revelation_the_other_day_pbj_oreo/

Even though, I would totally do this in a heart beat... Fuck you companies etc! 




 fag/s 









