 I know that that is why people play ARAM, all I'm saying is that I bet there's a large amount of people that would move to practice teamfights within the current 'stupid meta' 




 Not going to lie, I just had a rather frustrating game in ARAM, one of those were you see the loading screen and wish you could go afk if it wasn't for the '9X poppy afk's that would certainly follow.

Then I started thinking, why do I even play this gamemode? You sometimes lose 20 minutes+ of you're time in a game you have no chance of winning.

 'I do it for fun, I don't care if we win or lose' Good for you, but my game time/day is limited and I actually do feel a bit frustrated after those game. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not the type of guy that 'likes ARAM as long as we have a good team and win'. I like it because of the teamfights and the practice you get.

Problem with ARAM tough, you're teamcomp is sometimes so random and/or shit that you learn nothing by playing it. So why not make a gamemode where everyone get's assigned 1 role from the current meta and plays a champ that is considered to be that role. Not only would this make it more fair, it would make it a whole lot more realistic because you play with actual comps that you can see in normals/rankeds.

inb4 'Riot doesn't want to enfore the meta' I know they don't, but it's not like it's a serious gamemode right? Plus, the meta is what the players make of it, the current meta is pretty stable, so I don't see how this would be a problem.

TL;DR: Make a gamemode where each member of the team gets assigned a random role and champ BUT within the current meta, making teamfight practice alot more realistic.

Would love to hear all arguments in favor or against my idea, all I know is that I would play this a whole lot more then the current 'get lucky in picks and win' ARAM

Ps: Yes, I know games outside of the meta are being played in rankeds aswell as in the pro circuit but you unfortunately cannot count in every random team comp out there.

EDIT: perhaps there could even be a gamemode besides this one in wich you pre-choose you role and the game then matches you with 4 others, who each have picked another role. In that way, you could practice by example, positioning/orbwalking as an ADC. Or initiating as the tanky top.. 




 Of course she is, she's surrounded by cocks 




 We're actually on pretty good terms now, we had this period in wich we talked again and got along fine. I also apologised so that helped..
Anyway, she's happy with her bf now so all is good! 




 I actually did this to a girl, when I was 16 or so.. We didn't see/hear eachother for the entire summer so I tought she'd forgotten about me and it would be super akward when the first day. So I did what a stupid young vou does, dumped her the day before school started.

She didn't talk to me for over a year and I found out aftefwards that she was heartbroken when I ended it. Still feel guilty about that actually.. 




 'Dust2, best map ever' 
Whaaat? 




 Yeah could be, just wanted to point out how well-timed it has to be. Don't know exactly how long it lasts tbh 




 He casted his ult just at the exact time requiem would hit. This is very hard to pull off because he was under alot of pressure by SK and he had to time it perfectly since there's only like a half second window of invurnability 




 Well you did an awesome job, looking forward to see your next work! 




 Holy shit, you're actually really good!! Was a bit afraid when I opened it, 'another LoL parody' but damn, you got talent man! 




 Literally me when I woke up this morning, 10/10 




 She's the definition of Crazy Eyes 




 There goes my evening.. 




 Best.Work.Ever. 




 Wow, first time I see somebody I RES-tagged again and it says 'ejaculates on dead people'.. Hi again!;) 




 And the idea has gone to shit already.. 




 Why was the original taken down? Btw, HawthornePD just disabled posting on their FB, they we're getting flooded with hate. Too right imo.. 




 Aww man, he would of lived forever if you didn't open it!! 




 Irrelevant question,  but why did Aphroo stop streaming with a cam? I'm certain that he streamed with one way back when.. Or did he? I'm confused.. 




 D'awww.. 




 Thanks a bunch! I'll try it as soon as I get it. I'll let you know how it went, haha! 




 I just tested the same build and it worked wonders, the poke you have once the tear is stacked is ridiculous 




 You better deliver!! 




 Would love to see it aswell!  




 I'll definatly give them a look! Thanks a bunch 




 Thanks for the tip! Have you perhaps got a short explenation or guide on how to apply this? Cheers! 




 Checked the new post in search for a submission about this game. I'm loving it, alot of teamfights, action packed and Forellenlord absolutly shitting on everyone!! Godlike Ahri plays 




 Preferably an AZERTY since I've been using it for whole my life and it's the standard in Belgium. I think I could get used to a qwerty however, if the laptop is significally better then the ones with AZERTY 




 Thanks for sharing you experience! 




 I'm from Belgium. Wich one do you recommend then? 




 Hi,

My alienware M14x broke down earlier (spilled drink over it) and I'm looking for a laptop to replace it. I don't want to spend 1500 euro on a laptop again, but I still want one that does very good performance wise, at the same level or better then my previous one.

Here are the specs on my late m14x:
-8.192 MB 1.600 MHz Dual Channel DDR3 SDRAM [2 x 4.096]

-3 GB NVIDIA GeForce GT555M


-750 GB (7.200 rpm) serial ATA-hard drive


-Intel Core i7 Processor 2670QM (2,20 GHz, 6 MB cache, Quad Core)


This is the one I was looking at: http://www.toshibadirect.com/td/b2c/pdet.to?poid=2000098506$

Would this one suffice? Is Toshiba any good/know for gaming laptops? And please, any further suggestions are welcome! My pricerange is anywhere between 1000 and 1200 euro.

Thank you! 




 /r/imgoingtohellforthis 




 If only you had a camera back then, imagine the karma you would have gotten! 




 You probably never got that mant POINTS for a comment before!!

I'llletmyselfout 




 A Snoopeh vid on reddit?? Who knew.. Anyway, beautiful steal 




 That was the moment I closed the stream, too hard to watch :( 




 You're welcome! I couldn't watch the Twitch stream, it drove me mad so I searched untill this came up 









 YT stream without lag!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgp0A5xLPBM 




 How on earth is it possible I watched NA lCS this night on my mobile phone, in bed, with no lag whatsoever. Then watched OGN this morning, a stream from Korea,  lag. 
Now I want to watch EU LCS, wich is basically played in my backyard and I just can't because of the horrible lag?? Get yo shit together EU LCS 




 I honestly wonder who would be the better, more consistent player. Fabby is pretty agressive and can dominate bot as soon as he takes the lead. Aphro however, might be more mechanical (when het gets back to his old level, he's a bit sloppy now) and has more experience playing with a pro team on stages. 




 3-0'ing a team like Blaze kind of does justice imo.. But I understand what you mean, have an upvote 




 Just wondering, what's so bad about imageshack? I still use ot from time to time and see no huge flaws 




 Girl, you're so beautiful, I woud drag my balls through 10 miles of broken glass and rusty nails just to hear you fart through a telephone. Gets them every time man.. 









 Saving this :) 




