 Congrats man, it's really great work. Can't wait for The White Donkey! 




 Speaking just from my experiences, I definitely felt that way during my first time in China. Most of the people I've talked to who lived in China were students who studied there for a semester (like me) or maybe a year, or English teachers who were there for a short period of time. Since most know going into it that it's just temporary, it doesn't really feel like the "real world" of work or putting down roots. 

In my case I (along with 20 others from my school) were only there a semester. Classes were a joke, everything was super cheap (early 2000's), and we had tons of free time. So I had half a year of no real responsibilities or expectations, which definitely made it seem unreal.  




 I'm meeting with an ANG recruiter later this week but wanted to get your opinions on 2 things:
1. Joining enlisted vs officer? I've heard varying opinions on pros/cons for both. I've got a masters in public policy fwiw. 
2. If I do go the officer route (which is super hard to get into I know) would I go through OCS/AMS and then a tech school? Or is there a different way that officers obtain the specialized knowledge for their field?  




 Sweet, I think I'll wear this to BMT and point it out to the instructors to let them know how hardcore I am... 




 Ha, glad to see so many other Persona fans here. 




 Ha when I was a kid my dad had a book about being in the military and it said something like "the military provides a soldier with everything they need...food, shelter, clothing, etc."
So I just assumed there would be some huge warehouse of clothes and supplies and you could just stop by and take whatever you needed when it wore out.... 




 How was the food? 




 Tbilisi is great. Lots of cool little shops and places to explore. There's an old castle and trails to explore which was fun. The food is by far the best part. Khachapuri (cheesy bread) and Khinkali (meat-filled dumplings) were my favorites. 

 




 I love the red stars on their helmets too...great attention to detail! 




 Sounds like a hell of a guy.  




 Wow that's a good point, I didn't think of it that way.  









 What did you have for dinner? 




 Probably all the cool flavors of packaged food. Shrimp chips, honey toothpaste, spicy hot pot Lays potato chips...

Now that I'm back in the States I still swing by the Asian grocery store to pick some up.  




 Oh awesome, it's getting ready to shoot!....oh, I guess not :-/ 




 I love that the US Coast Guard started [using the racing stripe in the 1960's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Coast_Guard#Service_Mark_.28.22Racing_Stripe.22.29) and it just became a thing for coast guards worldwide.  




 Time to buy that flamethrower I guess... 









 Young kids. Like Hope from FFXIII or Eiko from IX. They really just annoy me and I feel like they take away from the story.  




 Well they just defaulted on their debt in July, the second time in less than 13 years. Several agencies have also stopped accepted Argentina's official statistics on the economy since they are pretty clearly falsified.  




 How funny, I'm in the middle of that book right now! On page 261 he says:

"I tear at my body armor and get it opened. With my right hand on the the sleeve that holds my five-pound front armor plate, I grab the insurgent's hair and ram his head forward, jamming his chin into his chest. He's pinned in place now. All I have to do is finish him.

I beat him with the inside of my armor plate. I smash it against his face again and again and again until blood flows all over the inside of my shirt. He kicks and flails and screams. Every scream gets cut off by another blow from the plate..." 




 "Alright, we need to take this hill....OMAHA! OMAHA!" 




 Yeah I'm pretty sure that's what it is...right? 




 Woo Minnesota!  




 Tell him the original soundtrack to AOE1 is amazing! I wish I could find it somewhere, my old computer is long dead.  




 Wow as if I didn't already feel like a lazy sack for doing nothing this weekend...kudos to your dad on keeping up with it like that. Good motivation for me to get my ass to the gym. 




 Ha that's pretty awesome 




 Damn Libya, share the wealth... 




 Detroit's airport actually has a [cool tunnel too.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/LightTunnelDetroit.jpg)

[Another shot](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-o84M9A9SFnc/TxCUsPqtewI/AAAAAAAABOU/_Vx7ZlTb4g0/s1600/IMG_0132.jpg) 




 It's also [Armistice Day](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armistice_Day) which was the end of WWI so many countries in Europe and others who fought in it, like New Zealand, celebrate it.  









 God that would be awesome to have.... 




 I have the Skyrim station and an overall "Videogame music" station that I use.  




 That's really badass. 




 Anything to calm tensions is good for the populations of both countries.  









 I don't think so, largely because of the USSR. Stalingrad was in 1942-1943 and the Nazis were retreating from the East following that. The Soviets did get a lot of help and goods from the U.S. Lend-Lease so that might have taken a hit if Germany's navy was improved, but the Russians would still been able to supply most of their troops without it.

Still, I think the Nazi's would have eventually been beaten, or at least forced into a stalemate, it just would have been more drawn out and bloody. 









 Man that "slow motion" part at the end is just crazy 




 What was the hardest part? 




 Agreed. Like we use Starbucks packets of grounds in our office, but we get them from an office supply vendor who handles concessions for our whole building.  




 The [USS Torsk](http://www.historicships.org/torsk.html) is in Baltimore. I just did the tour last week. 




 Exactly and that was after he got a waiver for past drug usage AND an age waiver that allowed him to join at 42! Must have had good letters of recommendation... 




 That's badass 




 I can see that. There was an article (that I can't seem to find now...) about drone pilots who were having a hard time with killing targets. When they interviewed them they said that sometimes a drone could be assigned to monitor a house for days or weeks, and the pilots would see their whole family life, when dinner was each day, when the kids played in the front yard, etc. And then one day they would just get the order to fire on one of the people who was confirmed to be a terrorist. Takes a psychological toll, even from a thousand miles away.  




 The content of the article is one thing, but it needs an editor badly. Font size changes, unfinished sentences, misspelled words...it was hard to focus on what it was actually saying.  




 That's a good point...I was just wondering about the kind of people they accept. Like if they only pick a few and they are all prior-service and security cleared, than maybe I should work on building up my qualifications a bit first. 

From looking around online, the only people I could find that were accepted into the program were Jeb Bush's son, Joe Biden's son, and the Mayor of LA... 




 Nice! Now I can't get that theme out of my head... 




 I was wondering if anyone on here had any experience with the DCO reserve programs? I know these spots are tough to get (although it seems like a lot of politically connected people got them...) but I'd love to give it a shot.

I'm non-prior, masters degree, and 10 years in research analysis and project management. My recruiter said being non-prior was probably my biggest detriment.... I was just wondering if I should go through the long application process to give it a shot, or if would be better to enlist and work my way from there? 




 I was wondering how others who joined the reserves handled the time off with their civilian jobs? My work is client-based so even though I'm protected from my company firing me, my clients could choose to leave...

Just wondering if anyone had any tips or advance. How was reintegrating after training/being deployed?  




 Haha my first thought too 




 Love the trigger on the briefcase handle. 




 I remember when the were having the debate about the the new Offshore Patrol Cutter a few years ago, some people said there were considering a design with an [X-bow hull](http://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/archive/2013/April/Pages/NewCoastGuardCutterSparksFierceCompetitionAmongShipbuilders.aspx) that looked pretty far out...

 




 Helpful to know, thank you!  




 What is the little white square on the display that moves around? 




 Totally agree with you guys. I'm constantly stressed out at work because of people and events that are totally beyond my control. I'd love to just say "Oh well, out of my hands" but I still feel stressed/responsible all the time... 




 That's actually super interesting, thanks for posting.  




 I always thought Yatagarasu (the three legged crow) was pretty awesome looking. 




 Poor bastard...he's probably done it 1000 times in practice and the one time he fucks up it has to be in front of the Commandant.  




 Looks like a pain in the ass to set up. 




 We didn't start the fire... 




 They were in Baltimore just a few weeks ago and I'm surprised there weren't more car accidents. Everyone just slammed on the brakes and was rubbernecking out their windows to see them flying overhead. But as a pedestrian it was awesome to see.  




 I'm prepping to get a grad degree and Calculus is a prerequisite for most of the programs I'm looking at... 

I've used Courser and Khan Academy to build up my knowledge, but it would be great to find an online course that I could get credit for to satisfy the prerequisite. Anyone have any suggestions or good experiences with a specific program?  




 Combining my two loves: Mexican food and french fries .. 




 Thanks!! I've been unplugging my second monitor like an idiot every time I want to PrtScr my main window up till now.  




 Some of the A-10's being used against ISIS seem to have the shark faces like [these.](http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-10-01/a-10-warthogs-final-fight-off-to-war-against-islamic-state) 




 Wow super cute! 




 Hmm I remember that series but I don't have any recordings of it...you might want to email Discovery and see if they can help. Some places can make you a copy for a fee:

[http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/ ](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/)

Or you could go on YouTube and try contact people who have old Discovery videos and see if they would know. This guy has an S-3 Viking clip:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDElHFDGxiM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDElHFDGxiM)

 




