 Something else to keep in mind is depending on where you live you may be required by law (depending on total value of damage) to report that to the Police/DMV/MVA... 




 Yeah.  The bottom bolt was oily and harder to break free than the rest but I got it out.  Was afraid it was cross threaded because it was tight all the way out but it wasn't thank the car gods.  So it's take out all three bolts, use a long flathead screw driver to pry the stock plate off, clean off the mating surface with brake cleaner (and a razor blade if there's any RTV residue), dab some Permatex ultra grey on the parting lines between the cylinder and head (top and bottom), rub some oil on the new plate's gasket, then mount up the new plate and finger tighten the screws; come back after an hour and torque it to spec.  Then, let cure for 24 hours.

I'm sure it also helps that I have a lithium battery that's less than half the size of the stocker too.  Gives a lot more space to work.  Here's the new plate:

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/nuz6XQ8.jpg) 




 Unsmooth?  What...does that even mean?  Can you use a few more words to describe what you actually experienced?  You also still haven't said if it was new or used?  Guessing used based on the steering wheel comment. 




 I read it in this voice:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NF5XU-k2Vk t=1m27s 




 Ah, but will it blend?  THAT is THE question. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic_hypersensitivity 




 No: S'all good, man. 




 Apparently it means "disturbed" in Japanese.

http://www.tanoshiijapanese.com/dictionary/entry_details.cfm?entry_id=53012 element_id=67647

(make sure "Show Romaji" is checked near the top right) 




 I did the Raceseng plate install tonight.  Link below is my stock plate.  As a reminder, 2014 w/2014 build date; daily driver; naturally aspirated; about 8200 mi.

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0nyqcVG.jpg) 




 The low resolution is really inhibiting ability to read the documents and screen but given the Einstein poster and book "Quarks" I'm going with physics student in addition to the other comments I've read.   




 Speaking as a production engineer, it's an absolutely shit thing Subaru has done with that plate.  It's a manual process with liquid materials and those are things you just don't do if they can be avoided, and it easily could've been based on the design and what was to be accomplished.  They'd have saved on labor if they had fine it with a plug and gasket, even if the parts were slightly more expensive. 




 It's actually stamped steel. 




 My daily driver naturally aspirated 2014 with 8,000 miles in it leaks from the cam plate like crazy.  But it's been too cold for me to install the Raceseng plate I bought. 




 So I'm sitting at DFW on a layover.  C terminal if you're familiar.  Anyway, there are two sets of wall plugs where I'm sitting.  Only one set works.  People keep coming up and plugging in to the bad one and their charger falls right back out.  Try again, falls out.  Try other plug, falls out.  I've seen this repeat ten times so far.  It's kind of amusing.  Mostly i devices but one BlackBerry, for those wondering.

Am I the only person with an external battery pack?  I have an LG G3 though... 




 My stock 1000RR would hit 83 in first, but I've long since geared it down. 




 In MD it depends on the county...St. Mary's has no emissions requirements. 




 28 F in MD and raining ice.  Y'all got any more of that spring? 




 The outside diameter of the tire is typically kept the same when you go up or down in wheel size. So it'd fill the same amount of space in your wheel well.  It won't look any more or less like a monster truck than it does now. 




 31-33?  With an automatic maybe.  I'm sitting at just about 24 average over 8000 miles with my 6MT.

And yes, a supercharger increases volumetric efficiency so if you can stay out of the throttle you'll see the mileage go up slightly.  I experienced this on my GTO.  I actually was going to post this when I saw this thread this morning but figured some know nothing would downvote it into oblivion.  Guess I was right... 




 Why would anyone want to risk starting off the darkest timeline? 




 I just...don't even know what to say about this.  It snowed four inches overnight.  It's still snowing here.  Last week we had a night of 8 inches.  Second winter where I live and I've never seen a single person driving with chains on.  And you're doing this just in case for the one day it might snow an inch in Atlanta?  I...I don't get it? 




 Thunderstruck. 




 Exactly what I was going to suggest.  Do it with gas cylinders, water hoses, tires...escaping gas or fluid will always bubble :)  That's how I figured out one of my motorcycle tires was installed incorrectly years ago.  Lots of bubbles around the bead.  Works for gas grills, washing machines...you name it. 




 Wait, so did you get full on new headlight assemblies to in that $500?  I assumed based on the pictures you had a 10 Series or a Monogram. 




 I've been running a single exit Berk muffler delete since last May.  Yep, she's a daily driver.  But I'm deaf so it doesn't bother me one bit - I like hearing what I can of it.  Long term it's probably EL headers and an FBM single exit 3" system. 




 And that's why I haven't done it yet.  For the price you could do so many different potential performance things.  I definitely understand the appeal though. 




 That is not accurate.  There are plenty of phones that have no known exploits. 




 Let's make my 2017 plan a 2016 or heck a 2015 plan, howsabout it? 




 When did I say it was adequate?  I'm actively working to increase the horsepower of my FR-S.  But that's just what I do.  I used to have a 600 hp 04 GTO... 




 Check your PMs. 




 Um, you realize the portion of the graph that is increasing is horsepower, not torque, right?  The graph that's basically flat at 135 wtq with a dip in the 3-4.5k region is the torque graph.  That is a pretty flat torque curve.  Over 4000 RPM it varies less than 10%...Pretty much the definition of flat. 




 The torque curve is pretty much flat from 2500 to peak.  It's hardly "narrow".  It could definitely be higher for the masses though.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=10366 




 This is the internet; it's not a dinner party at Grandma's.  Get over yourself. 




 Is there any water in Isabella these days?  Serious question. 




 Are you in the Navy?  Because if you're not you'll only ever see one of these on Reddit.  But please trust that the people who are potentially affected by them do talk about them plenty.  I wrote my Master's Thesis on these things. 




 See meeeee *bangs the window* 




 I fucking loved the shit out of this movie.  Have seen it twice.  The Beast lol... 




 Ah hahahahahahahahahaha maybe in downtown Annapolis or Baltimore.  Not here in the boonies. 




 Magnuson Moss protects from losing warranty - they can't just cancel it.  Contrary to what the article said.  The article was a useful brief on Ford Racing parts, nothing more.  And yes, of course the aftermarket will be better. That wasn't my point, which seems to be lost on you for whatever reason... 




 Yes, I believe that's true. 




 That's funny - I know plenty of people who survived on their stock summer tires just fine through last year's above average snow fall here in Maryland.  My FR-S on the other hand does just great on the Hankook s-1 noble 2s that I swapped to back in November from the stock Michelins. 




 I would never limit myself to OE parts.  But for those people who think changing your air filter voids your warranty, there is Ford Racing.  Or TRD, STi, AMG... 




 There are plenty of vehicles that come with summer tires.  Every Audi with a sport package, the WRX STi, Corvettes, Camaros, Mustang performance packs, Focus ST, Fiesta ST, all Porsches, the Genesis Coupe...basically any sports or sporty car. 




 They all have different wheels as well... 




 http://www.roadandtrack.com/car-culture/buying-maintenance/news/a24602/ford-racing-really-wants-you-to-mod-ecoboost-engines/

You were saying something about no warranty? 




 Release Series is yellow... 




 What's "a normal car"?  The twins, like any other two wheel drive car, do just fine when equipped with tires appropriate for the weather and when they're not tracking through snow or water deeper than the front bumper... 




 Sounds like either you are running too low an offset or you need an alignment or both. 




 That car was actually made by the owner of streetfx... 




 This can happen with extreme drops (or lifts, actually) on any vehicle.  Keep it around an inch and you'll be fine. 




 I have Swift Sport springs coming for my FR-S.  I did get the BRZ model though, part number ending in 12.  One inch drop, substantially higher spring rates but still appropriate for stock struts based on my reading.  I wanted RCE yellows originally but couldn't justify the substantial extra cost, and the Swifts will allow a bit more tailwagging action than the RCEs (though will be much more surefooted than stock).

I got the BRZ version for the higher front spring rate - the FR-S version front/back ratio was only marginally higher than stock and I did want to add more stability. 




 Yes, but there's a difference between offering full service and there being a state law forbidding regular folks from pumping their own, as in Oregon and New Jersey. 




 After reading the comments I feel like I must be the only person here without a positive response.  Why exactly do you need a brand new sportscar as a sophomore or junior in college without (guessing since you mentioned parents) the means to pay for it on your own? 




 Why is this a surprise?  It's no different than lowering the resolution on a desktop PC before loading up a poorly done console port... 




 You can also do full custom dyno tuning with OFT just like with any other tuner.  The OFT in that case just acts as the interface to get the tune into the car, like the ECUTek cable.  But unlike ECUTek you can go back later and modify OFT tunes on your own.  ECUTek doesn't allow the enduser to do that. 




 I saw this yesterday too.  The 70% off thing is a scam.  The manufacturer sells this thing direct for $22; not whatever ridiculous before price Newegg has posted. 




 You did a great job.  Once the weather warms up here I'm planning on doing a metallic gunmetal on my stock wheels.  I think it'll look good against the white body and be different from the usual flat black. 




 What size spacers are you running?  Looks good. 




 Never owned a Mustang.

The whole point of there being a law though means you have to be willing to stand up for yourself rather than just roll over and accept the warranty being cancelled.  Otherwise the law has no power.  Of course some huge company will try to tell a consumer is wrong.  It's up to the consumer to fight back though.  Because companies don't give a damn about individual customers. Never have, never will.

If you're not willing to fight for your rights then you don't deserve them. 




 Yeah and with our luck it'll be in an Accord 




 Been modding cars for 11 years...hasn't happened yet. 




 Purple nurple! 




 Protip: revisit how warranties get voided.  It's not an automatic thing, and there are federal laws to help consumers.  Also, only an FR-S RS 1.0 ever cost over $30K. 




 Correct, it is not yet confirmed. 




 Civic will be much more expensive - the Si is in the same ballpark price wise.  The Miata only overlaps slightly - the majority of folks are buying them for top down weekend GTing, not for modding and autoX. 




 I find it amusing the people who think Scion has a boy racer image and Subaru doesn't.  WRX STi with the 12" tall wing on the back, hello?  You people that are so concerned about what others think of you that you let it dictate what kind of car you drive - I feel sorry for you. 




 And here's an article about it...

http://www.7tune.com/feature-bulletproof-automotive-concept-1-frs/ 




 There are plenty of places that make different sidemarkers.  You actually swap the whole thing out, not just the lens.  I haven't done it myself yet.  Ft86speedfactory, rallysportdirect, maperformance can all hook you up (and others). 




 There's a red Elise in my parking garage at work. 




 Or you could just get switchbacks.  No wiring mods required. 




 There is no both, his car doesn't have fogs.  The lights on the front under the headlights are the marker lights and front turn signals.  Foglights on this car replace the vent below that.

The lights by the wheels are basically the same thing - sidemarkers. 




 Gaskets are an easy fix...

http://gasketninja.com 




 You're better off doing some free weight removal than spending that tiny amount of money.

That said...

You could get a muffler delete pipe, a strut tower brace, a master cylinder brace, some used lowering springs or some camber bolts... 




 Interesting.  You should update the wiki I posted as it's clearly incomplete given that photo. 




 You'd need to ask your employer on that.  Couldn't tell you how your direct deposit system works. 




 Also...

For House, "Everybody lies!" whereas for Holmes, everyone presents a series of truths even they don't always realize. 




 The parallels are not nearly so simple.  Also, the apartment building was 221 in House.

http://house.wikia.com/wiki/Gregory_House_and_Sherlock_Holmes_connections 




 Mm...ish.  I don't think though that he'd have lost that one woman to staph from being poked by her underwire, for example. 




 There's a difference between:

On a diet

and

On a diet and hating/being envious of people who aren't

Which is what the sign boils down to... 




 He was a Jedi freed from their dogma and politics, because it didn't exist anymore when he learned it. 




 Correct.  It's quite expensive to replace the MST so we (programs that fly against it) try not to do anything more than punch holes in it.

http://www.navair.navy.mil/img/uploads/jsow_free_flight.JPG

http://www.navair.navy.mil/targets/TSD/01_aboutus/aboutus.html 




 When it penetrated the MST (Mobile Ship Target, that's the container barge; we've hit it too) it probably tore open the sustainer and as the fuel vaporized it was ignited by the exhaust.  It doesn't look like it was terminated. 




 I figured my girlfriend was on reddit.  Now I know for sure. 




 And on that bombshell, we can end.  Good night! 




 http://www.ft86speedfactory.com/anodized-aluminum-climate-control-trim-various-colors-1629.html 




 I dunno about Sherlock in a hospital being a good thing...

"By the slight bluish tinge, the lack of involuntary muscle movement, and the random EKG behavior intertwined with the beta wave pattern here [pointing], this patient is clearly not going to recover."

Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... 




 , OBE

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_of_the_British_Empire 




 Think you could come explain that to my girlfriend?  :D 




 Do the Subies come with x number of oil changes free like the Scions do?

Also, forget the crush washers - get a Fumoto or Stahlbus oil pan bolt/drain valve and never deal with taking the bolt out again. 




 To answer your main question, anything that fits a 2013 will fit a 2014 and vice versa.

There's a few bolts that are different in the suspension, that's about it.  2015 change the dampers and probably a few more bolts.  And of course the antenna and a few colors. 




 Alignment looks fine but then again the pic's not dead on.  Only reason I mentioned the sticker was I had a similar setup on my prior Ram and it didn't last very long at all on the back window before it just came off one day (I had it in the middle slidey portion).  The window seals on the the Twins aren't the greatest so it probably doesn't apply that much pressure. 




 The only problem is, when it returns to freezing temps later this week, all that water that seeped past your window seals and down into the inside-outside of your doors will freeze your window motors right up until it warms up again.

Ask me how I know..."Sorry MA1, it's not that I'm approaching your post aggressively; it's just that my window's frozen shut."

And for anyone who says this was only a 2013 problem and was fixed via recall, my JAN 2014 build date would like to have a word with you. 




 So what you're saying is, it's just like any other phone with 'value-added" software you'd get from a US provider like AT T, Verizon... 




 Better get used to it dude, you're going to be introducing yourself to rooms full of people you've never met before for the rest of your professional life. 




 I wanted to do the Picard Maneuver on that shirt before I looked all the way down that image. 




 G3 doesn't support Quick Charge 2.0 / Turbocharging, just in case anyone asks (someone always does). 




 Give her time and maybe some space.  You've just made a reality of something she probably suspected, and she's freaking out.  Part of it might be religion, part of it might be wondering what she "did wrong" (nothing, of course), some of it might be worrying what you'll "go through"...

It's a crucial time and forcing resources into her hands might not do you any good.  Have them available though.

Anyone I ever told was accepting so it's sorta unknown territory for me.  I only know from friends' experiences.

She may never come around - some people are really set in their ways even if there's no logical reason why.  But hopefully with time she will. 




 Post on FT86 says 20.4 lbs for this size.  That's within less than half a pound of the stockers.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1600888 postcount=16 




 You should really look at changing your withholding if you were able to do all that with just your tax return.  You could be earning a middling amount of interest on that money throughout the year, instead of allowing the gov to do so.

Nice stuff though.  Not sure how I feel about that sticker though on the side window that goes up and down. 




 Would've had to have been 30 cakes real fast given they're cupcakes, 3 rows x 5 cupcakes each. 




 You want us to buy keys from someone who seems to drink Budweiser exclusively? 




 Well, the good thing is, if you ever get tired of HP you can easily tattoo over that with a stylized Specialized road bike.

http://www.specialized.com/us/en/bikes
 




