 The only prohibited items they are capable of seizing are pocket knives people forget are in their pocket, and any other bs, not dangerous items.

If you can smuggle a bomb through 67 put of 70 times, the program is a waste 




 Troll post? 




 False report and u get banned? 




 It means you are still eating enough to maintain your bodyweight even with your activity level.

Count calories for a week, you might be surprised with what you see. 




 Yeah ok...... ignorant as hell. 




 I tend to lose weight on cruises... I hardly eat much because there is so much to do and see. 




 Yes, let's just ignore everyone who goes to college, gets a degree for a career, and is fucked cause they can't get a jo b in that field.  









 Considering they have 2 billion people or so, it is a very small percentage of their population. 




 Imo you should have split it from 1-10, 10-15, 15-20, 20-25 etc ... 




 That actually happened... were many news articles about it not too long ago.
 




 Guys, it's a joke, not a dick. Stop taking it so hard. 




 Wait.... Beta is over? 




 ~~SOE~~ DB has decided to dramatically increase the price of many weapons, some of which gave the new players a competitive position against high(er) BRs. TB went from 100 to 875 certs (although the raise could be justified)-- basically, almost all vehicle weapons were raised to 875 certs.

What would be the reason for such an increase? Money -- don't waste your time spewing bullshit and claiming it isn't. This is where the Laffer Curve comes in. DB didn't raise the station cash (or whatever the name of the currency is now) price for the weapons because it would mean that less people would purchase them, they simply raised the price of the certs, in hopes that new players would either rage-quit, or spend money on the weapons.


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laffer_curve


Smed, I would be tossing $100 bills at this game if it was well optimized, bugs that players reported were fixed within a week, and the game was focused around **TEAM** play, not solo play. 




 Stfu fanboi 




 The welfare system: fucking over those who work hard 




 Still no pics? 




 Why did you bother posting this.... The article layer admits that it is only a password to a workstation and is useless unless you are in the building. It also doesn't actually control anything... 




 Capitalism 




 Keeping it is theft. Well, if you keep it but don't open it and give it back if hw comes looking for it, it is completely legal. Opening it, using it, selling it, etc is illegal because it is his property. 




 You made some good points. That is all. 




 When you are mocked for being fat, doesn't that make you wanna change it more? Actions have consequences, like I will prolly get downvoted by a bunch of butthurts. 




 It isn't the same. You won't have any modded servers wlth hundreds of random players to play with. 




 Thank you for the advice. To be quite honest, I am quite frustrated with the direction Minecraft is headed in at this point. 




 Minecraft desperately needs and update to cater to the needs of builders. Minecraft has ignored the wishes of the players who love building and creativity, and many have stopped playing because of this.

1.) All building blocks must have a half slab and stair version of them. This is not only a very quick and easy addition to the game, it will put the game in a much better state than where it is right now. Imagine how much potential hay half-slabs and stairs will add to the game! 
2.) Vertical "stairs" and "half slabs" must be implemented. This is a long overdue feature that will allow players to be much more creative and add much detail to what they build. 

These two and simple additions to the game would bring back thousands of players who enjoyed building, and played Minecraft because of building. Mojang has ignored the minority of builders and has catered to the childish PvP centered barbarian majority. Minecraft has a lot of potential, please let builders build. 




 Better sue the shit out of the accuser. It should be a criminal offense for false accusations  




 If only they put as much effort into working as they do in their ridiculous riots...

I am more inclined to write a large paycheck to my local PD for keeping me and the rest of my community safe.  




 Oh, I see. Thanks for explaining it. 




 I find this very hard to believe... 




 But he didn't hit his employer... 









 If we had any competition between ISPs they wouldn't have 1.2b to fund the skyscraper. 




 I thought abortions not being reverseable was just common sense. 




 Maybe you lost fat and gained some muscle? Water weight? 




 Religion has nothing to do with economic systems. /thread  




 He brought up some good points about the energy use. Everyone goes and bugs an EV to be environmentally friendly however they don't realize all the electricity is being generated by fossil fuels anyways. 




 They're.....  




