 Maybe not the best, but my favorite. Frostfire - SOCOM 2 




  NSFW - fap material

It is called NSFW for that specific reason. Perhaps you should create a new tag called SFF (Safe for Fapping)  




 This might be off topic, but sometimes it is what someone doesn't say that hurts the most. For example, when someone that you care about a lot (and has told you that the feelings are mutual) hurts you in a way that you would not expect from them, a lot of times a simple recognition of the fact that they fucked up would be enough for closure. The lack of this can lead you to question everything leading up to this point, and whether they ever cared about to at all (or enough to avoid hurting your feelings). 




 I am on reddit at work for the same reason that you are on reddit at school/home/etc: if I have time to browse the internet, I am going to go to whatever sites I want to, provided they are appropriate (hence NSFW tags).  




 Some people need to realize that NSFW doesn't mean things that can't be shown on cable TV. Many companies do not mind if there employees browse the web from time to time, but they do not want them looking at camel toe and side boob.  




 Half-Life 3 confirmed 




 I had a lady come in today complaining that she was unable to print to the network printer down the hall from her office, so I went down to her office to see what the problem was. When I asked her to try again with myself present, she began spamming the "Paste" button over and over again saying, "See? Nothings happening!". Once I moved her mouse over to File - Print (effectively showing her how to print) she then proceeded to print out the same one page 40 times due to the fact that the kept hitting the paste button instead of print.  




 Too bad you're not Catholic 




 The entire game is set in a post-apocalyptic world that has been taken over by machines. Also, the ending.  




 Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. More people need to play this game.  




 Thank you for reminding me of how awesome this game was. Easily the best RPG of the DC/PS2/GC era.  




 Do you mean Dredd? Props if you do; that movie is fucking awesome.  




 1.) Aside from your more well known movies, what is one film that you thought should have gotten more attention, or didn't do as well in the box office as it should have?

2.) Tupac or Biggie? 




 Shipping is ridiculous. Shirt.woot.com is having the same deal with free shipping.  




 My friend was driving coming home from wedding reception. Lost control of truck around bend, clipped a telephone pole (went right through the side of it) and smacked into a tree doing roughly 50-60 MPH. I did not have a seatbelt on and all I can remember thinking was, "Please don't die." 

Ended up smashing my face off of the windshield and messing up my arm but overall made it through relatively unharmed. Helped put a lot of things in perspective.  




 I can't be the only person that thought you were a dude in the first picture. 




 saving 




 I know I was supposed to be enjoying the pictures, but I couldn't take my eyes off of that soul patch. 




 I have ran quite a few times, mostly for harmless stuff, but the best was when hid under a fake Christmas tree in my friends basement.  




 Black Ops. Even though I still play MW3 to this day, I can't get past the shitty matchmaking and continual lag comp issues. If this isn't fixed for BO2, I will probably wright off the CoD franchise.  









 Only if it's Rockband. 




 Klein is small if I am not mistaken 




 I think it boils down to the fact that whether or not it disappoints you, **there is** a lack of endgame content to keep some people playing. Now for some people, this is not a problem as they will make new characters and enjoy exploring the world. For others, who like to continue to progress their character after they hit the level cap (whether through new rewards or just more content) GW2 will likely grow stale for them shortly after reaching max level. 

Speaking for myself, I will most likely play a little PvP and WvW until I get bored and then stop. While GW2 doesn't have mechanics in the game that keep myself and many others coming back for more, I still had a lot of fun playing the game and think it was worth the $60 I spent. 

If I could pick one thing that ANet should do in order to retain players, I think it would be to release new content or update zones based on player level ranges in an attempt to keep things fresh for people who have finished the game. Maybe have a few NPCs that will dole out weekly quests that are basically events that continue to fill out the world, while not necessarily putting a carrot on a stick. I don't think it would be that much to ask to reskin a few baddies, and put together 3-quest dynamic event or something.  




 All I can say is...wow. That is basically impossible to get, unless you spend a shit ton of money on gems and gold.  




 Strike that last comment then.  




 Lag compensation. After putting a lot of my time into MW and MW2, MW3 was unplayable for the first 6 months I owned the game. I just recently started playing again.  




 But relationships like that do exist in nature. The pilot fish and shark is one example, and the Goby fish and shrimp is another. Also, I think you underestimate the relationship between humans and animals, considering in most cases we do feed them and provide shelter.   




 I understand what you are trying to say, but there are already quite a few examples of animals in the wild that rely on other species for survival. What makes dogs evolution any different than that? 




 Just send invite if you want to play. 




 Anyone willing to hop on and play some CoD with someone who doesn't have any map packs? Used to play all the time during MW/MW2 but haven't gotten the itch until recently. 

GT: CenTz01 




 Normally I would say to boost score since it's Kill Confirmed, but it looks like he doesn't have any points either.  




 [Spoiler](#s "Especially that episode about the Doctor's Daugher....wait. ") 




 I can't help but think the reason there is a crate at Tali's feet is because the artist could not draw her lower legs properly. 
 
Edit: I understand this isn't the reason. Just saying.  




 You get what you pay for. 




 Nah. I don't think enough people will notice to care. To me, they look pretty stylish for being video game themed.  




 I may be a cheap-ass but am I the only one who thinks $18 + SH is a tad too much for a coffee mug? Don't get me wrong because I would use the shit out of this if I had one, but that's just too damn much.  




 This is the first time I have thought of it like this. If it plays out either way you described, I'll be one very happy reader.  




 You just put my thoughts into a coherent statement. Actually, after watching this movie, it made me appreciate Batman Begins and The Dark Knight more.  




 A few things that I will admit to doing:

* Putting innards of broken 360 into new 360 and returning to *******.
* Amazon Prime Student for free. Graduated from college 3 years ago.  




 Let Me In was actually a pretty damn good movie.  




 I watched Grey's Anatomy. More than once.  




 1900 x 1200? Please? Pretty please? 




 Have they fixed the netcode yet? Just curious.  




 Just figured I'd put this up here as most of the members of this sub-reddit are fans of Sean Bean. Was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this movie.  




