




























































































































  American politics. There is no more useless animal than an American politician.  




 Archer, is that you? 
























 The clown car will just be a little more crowded. 




 I know this comment is going to be downvoted to oblivion by the Israel brigadel, but it's as if the Israelis learned population control from Nazi Germany. 































































































































































 So you believe in god/allah? 

































































































































 What is something a bird can do that a man will never be able to do?  
  
Eat with its pecker. 

















































 This was my go to issue. Americans have been scared of socialism since the turn of the 20th century. In fact, any economic ideology that competes with capitalism will be a hard fought battle for any generation. It's the perfect example of entire portions of the population fighting against there own best interests. When taxes are proposed on the wealthy or corporations, the US elites political watch dogs begin screaming that it's a scheme to transfer wealth between social groups and a form of class warfare. Meanwhile, smirking in the background are wealthy individuals, sipping on a nice single-malt scotch, and thinking to themselves what a bunch of ignorant putzes populate the rest of the nation. 












































 "You still only get fifteen minutes, and you're paying full price." 






















































 It's an originalist argument because they used the "clear and present danger" argument. 














 Actually the justices used the "clear and present danger" excuse to place Japanese Americans in prison camps. That is an originalist argument. If you'd like more information I'm placing a reading list below.  
  
Peter H. Irons. A Peoples History of the Supreme Court. New York: Viking, 1999.  
  
Cliff Sloan, and David McKean. The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court. New York: PublicAffairs, 2009.  
  
James MacGregor Burns. Packing the Court the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court. New York: The Penguin Press, 2009.  
  
Mellor, William H (last). The Dirty Dozen How Twelve Supreme Court Cases Radically Expanded Government and Eroded Freedom. New York: Sentinel, 2008.
 














 There are plenty of reasons to decry an originalist SCOTUS because the constitution was written for a different country. There was no capitalism or corporations for the original framers to protect against. There were African Americans but how did that go for them? Relying on an origanalist's interpretation of the constitution kept them from freely using their voting rights until 1965. It allowed the military to place Japanese in camps during WWII. 









 Weird sex parties that include masks and tons of flabby bellies hiding wrinkly droopy ball sacks. 




 Republicans want to control the judiciary appointments because it provides the opportunity to enact laws friendly to the party and the financial system that supports the party. Giving corporate-person hood a free-speech argument wouldn't have occurred without the maneuvering of George Bush cronies.  




 There's another article trending in r/politics about judicial vacancies that have been held up for an extremely long time. One of the means to protect business-friendly laws and those who would break them is to control the laws and those who decide the law's legality. By keeping judicial seats vacant or by changing the rules to remove a progressive judge, conservatives control the ideology that bends justice towards those that least deserve it. 




































































































































































 sorry...that was supposed to go into r/news. 








































































































 The funny thing is that McConnell is married to a chinese woman, which was taboo in US society only a century earlier. If the nation allowed prejudices in any form, McConnell would still be single and without his daddy-in-law's money. 




 The difference between Cali's drought and the snowy east coast is that the latter is a singular event that occurred this year while the former is a long-term ongoing event. 




 jesus was married to mary magdalene, even though it's not mentioned in the bible.  
  
reasoning: when the romans crucified someone, they did it by the book. this was especially true with jesus because his crucifixion was political in nature. one of the romans strictest rules was that only family could visit or collect the body after death. mm's inclusion into the viewing party at the tomb means she must have been married to jesus or the romans wouldn't have let her anywhere near him.  




 Do you really believe a group of high-tech headhunters would turn out their pockets for a cash down payment to Ben Asshat? 




 Plus, D. Vader doesn't age very well because in all his later fights scenes, he moves at the same speed that old people fuck at. Especially compared to his younger, more agile bad-ass self. 




 *Blazing Saddles*  
 [the Johnsons load their guns and point them at Bart. Bart then points his own pistol at his head]  
  
Bart: [low voice] Hold it! Next man makes a move, the nigger gets it!  
  
Olson Johnson: Hold it, men. He's not bluffing.  
  
Dr. Sam Johnson: Listen to him, men. He's just crazy enough to do it!  
  
Bart: [low voice] Drop it! Or I swear I'll blow this nigger's head all over this town!  
  
Bart: [high-pitched voice] Oh, lo'dy, lo'd, he's desp'it! Do what he sayyyy, do what he sayyyy!  




 I loved this song as a kid and *Guardians of the Galaxy* reminded me about it. 




 No...it's a Stephen King short story originally titled Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption. In the book, Red's skin color isn't mentioned. 




 I preferred the Eastwood cowboy over the J Wayne cowboy, but I'm sad that Eastwood became a right-wing asshole that supported Romney and talked to empty chairs. 


































