 You start the game level 1, no gold, no stuff, no skills, no connections. You put in some work to get skills, making some money along the way.

Maybe you need to kill some kobalds to make your gold today. You get experience, you get more skills, and you make more money slaying giants. 

Now you can afford some stuff, have a few skills, moving up in the world. Then while killing black drakes in The Badlands you see some level capped raider flying by, decked out in awesome gear. You want to be that guy, but you need more skills and experience for that job. But you want it, and will work for it.

Now you are that pimped out, level capped guy. But then a new expansion rolls, better gear and new opportunities open up. Make better gold, have nicer stuff, maybe get a promotion in your guild.

Anyone else seeing how WoW basically is a timeline of employment? 




 About time I get a window curtain that fits my sleeping lifestyle; zero light, zero sound, just comfy sheets. 




 That's my entire city. 




 I'm currently dealing with a college that forces me to take a paid work placement, but doesn't pay enough for the next semester.

To top it off, my college charges me $900 to go on a paid work placement! $900 for someone else that doesn't work for the college to do my on site training. 




 Hook your thumb on the inside, pinch with two fingers on outside of strap, snap fingers and poof! 




 I think you guys need to borrow my hands. I just rip that stuff open. 




 Casuals. Gotta do the one handed fingers-snapping motion. 




 US special forces does a lot of training beside our regular infantry. 




 Not as long as most users are American it seems. 




 Pretty sure White Death was Finnish too. 




 Manitoba checking in. Piss off, but at least my beers cold too. 




 Ah, while I have your attention, a question.

All of my comments are using the assumption many employees have little or no experience or knowledge in what they sell. How accurate is my ignorance? 




 Its pretty much managers, department heads then all the randoms they use to fill in hours. 




 Somekne forgot to check if their fly was up... 




 I'm tempted to make some business cards with that quote followed by "I'll take my business elsewhere if more staff try to lower my IQ with their presence" 




 Every time I have to go there for something, all the staff pounce on me.

Finally got so fed up I pulled a Ron Swanson and told them all "I know more than you" 




 Reminds me of that scene from The A-Team remake where they're flying a tank. Except this tank actually flies. 




 TL:DR classic keyboard courage. 




 Destro is a burst spec so proc/on use trinkets are best. Also taking a hit to item level to get rid of versatility and haste is worth it, within about 15-20 item level. 




 Cant chain chaos bolts effectively without the glyph though. 




 Copeland's Clarity and any stage of Sandman's Pouch is BiS for destruction. 90% of their dps comes from those trinkets.

I use Weakauras2 to track when Sandman's procs, then I use my Dark Soul-Copeland's-potion macro immediately. The procs often comes in the first 10 seconds of a fight, so I try to get 3 full embers before 9 seconds left on proc, then unload Chaos bolts.

If there is a second target available that will survive long enough, Havoc that target and hit main target/boss.

If the proc comes early, try to get two Bolts out and wait until next Dark Soul phase (use second Dark Soul after opener with 3-4 Bolts ready).

Always Havoc when proc/Dark Soul is up if possible.

Also use Glyph of Havoc. Large dps gain. 




 Warlock here. Currently shitting on everyone in progression raiding. 




 Mmm but he sure is fun to dominate with!

I had all the low IP champions I wanted so I started trying out different champs, picked up Zil and won lane in the next five games by a landslide. 




 Not in the true sense of three sexes, but some whale species need a third wheel to keep the other two from sinking while he gives her his Moby Dick. 




 Meh on The White Stripes. That's mostly Jack White rocking out while Meg does whatever it is they call drumming. 




 Headstone- Djerv

Agnete Kjlsrud has such a stage presence, would definitely love to meet my punk rocker crush. 




 Minor difference. Was only meaning its a plant and not whatever chemicals commonly used. 




 I'd like to mention that many professional restaurants like seeing McDonald's on a resume specifically for it's training program.

Sure the food is shit, but they can have anyone trained to handle food (or whatever they pass off as food) in just a couple weeks. 




 1. It's a naturally occurring root ground into powder.

2. One teaspoon replaces two cups of sugar.

3. Makes the best sweet tea I've ever had. 




 To be fair, anyone that can count to 10 (ages 2+, let's be fucking real here) can use the entire metric system.

I've tried for years to wrap my head around Imperial, and it's still a poorly thought-out mess. 




 Idk about other places, but last I heard all Canadian railroad personnel had to be trained and certified by national standards in their field. 




 This sounds like a series of events leading to a horrible car accident involving genitals. 




 I just made a lengthly comment somewhere in here about it.

The TL:DR of it, seniors would scream age discrimination if it was a fixed age instead of case by case reviews from medical professionals. 




 While stating young people shouldn't drive is beyond stupidly obvious, older age groups should be retested for licencing.

To avoid age discrimination, I think the best way would be for medical professionals be legally bound to forward recommendations to governing bodies that control drivers licencing if there is evidence to suggest comprised ability.

Example, John the 76 year old retired machinist sees his optometrist, who records eyesight that falls into a predetermined range of questionable public safety, so he goes and gets retested on driving ability.

It's not as simple as "old people make driving dangerous," and I know first hand. My great grandfather is in his early 80s and is in better condition than people half his age. 




 I don't text and drive, but I do keep my phone in the cup holder in case I get an emergency call and need to pull over. 




 We can be nice people, until you start messing with us or our stuff, then expect to get whacked with a hockey stick. 




 Played RPGs all my life, tried a few FPS campaigns and multiplayer, went back to RPGs because they are vastly superior in storylines, characters, customizing, world maps, and 100% less 12 year old mom bangers for offline games. 




 I think you mean authenticity of the $39 sticker. 




 Irishman or most of Boston? 




 One of my closest friends came from a reserve, and we got talking about how the system there works. Apparently (at least for that reserve), our government gives grants to the chief, who then decides what is done with the funding, whether its infrastructure, cultural enriching, even supporting families.

This system is inherently corrupt though: my friends father or grandfather butted heads with the current chief so he gives nothing to support anyone of that particular lineage. 




 Haha I knew someone would get it 




 Could always just say you lost your faith after [made up dramatic tragedy because mass media is almost non-existent in most of 1815]. 




 Reminds me of that scene in 1000 Ways to Die in the West where NPR pulls out a dollar and the scruffy father tells his son "take your hat off! That there is a real dollar!" 




 If its on a harddrive...

Obscurely place, 4 TB file labled Horse Porn. Nobody's touching that. 




 I heard its good, maybe tonight then 




 Read that last bong as a fog horn and laughed so hard the neighbours dog howled. 




 Yes, which is odd for a 20 yo. Not sure on the correlation though.  




 Have you ever heard of Redbox?

Also the nostalgia of renting a movie, hnnng. 




