  I knew there would be a parsing problem when communicating from unreal life...dang. 




 Have one with Russia? 




 Are there special stamps or something needed if we post to you from unreal life? 




 Where would you suggest we all move to?
http://www.nrdc.org/globalwarming/watersustainability/ 




 I can't watch it, I'm too busy laughing after reading your title:) 




 quite welcome.  



















 it isn't just California though. 

http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/IDSurvey_2014_placemat.pdf

http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/MpbWestbb_Summary.pdf 

From original posted article:
"The scarcity of water is not the trees only enemy amid the drought.

Weakened and dehydrated, many of the trees are being finished off by bark beetles  tiny brown insects that thrive in dry conditions, chewing away at pines and making them brittle.

Officials say they are seeing an uptick in bark beetles amid the drought. In the San Bernardino forest, bark beetle infestations were considered a factor in deadly fires that devoured swaths of mountainside in 2003.

The trees natural defense against the beetles lies in their sticky resin, said Timothy Paine, an entomologist at UC Riverside who has studied the beetles and their environment.

The water in properly hydrated trees creates pressure internally that pushes the resin out to the trees surface, deflecting beetles that dont want to get caught in it, Paine said. When a tree is dried up, it cant produce additional resin that protects it from the beetles, making a perfect opportunity for them to colonize, Paine said.

If you have a drought, you get large numbers of trees that are susceptible, Paine said. The beetles build up their populations. 




 On Wednesday morning, a sessions court sentenced the actor to five years in prison for killing a homeless man.

Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars, appearing in more than 80 Hindi-language films. Several of his films, including Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aap Ke Hain Kaun, have been huge commercial hits. 









 Lab Workers Recovering After Being Burned In Accident At Los Alamos   http://krwg.org/post/lab-workers-recovering-after-being-burned-accident-los-alamos



Burned LANL employee remains in critical condition
http://www.santafenewmexican.com/news/briefs/burned-lanl-employee-remains-in-critical-condition/article_d0f471ee-0bcb-5d4c-8603-d02bfc82709a.html 




 Unusual geological event in Other on Friday, 01 May, 2015 at 03:49 (03:49 AM) UTC.
Back
Additional info, from RSOE
Updated:	Tuesday, 05 May, 2015 at 14:50 UTC
Description
According to reports, underwater volcano Axial Seamount has erupted again, as a geologist in Oregon State had predicted earlier. The volcano is present 300 miles off the Oregon Coast. Before this, the volcano erupted four years ago and in 1998. The reports stated that the underwater volcano does not pose any threat to humans. But a research on the volcano could help in predicting volcanic eruptions elsewhere. Dr. Bill Chadwick, an Oregon State geologist, said the volcano eruption is a common occurrence on earth, but scientists and geologists know very little about the eruptions because oceans make it very difficult to understand what has been happening beneath the surface. In 2006, Chadwick and one of his colleagues predicted that the Axial Seamount would erupt again before 2014. Before the latest eruption, the volcano erupted in 2011. In September, 2014, they predicted that another eruption would occur in 2015 and the latest eruption has proved them right. According to the reports, researchers have planned to start an expedition this summer where they will visit the site and use submersible vehicles to observe the location where they think the eruption has taken place. Chadwick said earthquakes of low magnitude are caused by magma forcing its way up to the surface to erupt. It is the location where researchers can learn several things about these processes that are still mystery, Chadwick added. Eruption in 2011 pressure from the magma had pushed the sea floor up. While providing information about the volcano, Chadwick said, "The volcano inflates like a balloon. So there's magma being fed from below and as that balloon inflates, the seafloor rises up. It's been rising up at a rate that hasn't been seen before". Then the sea floor dropped over the course of the eruption. 









 hydroponics:) 




 The drought conditions are weakening the trees, making them more prone to insect damage.  




 hurry! 









 http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/MpbWestbb_Summary.pdf 




 "For example, according to the Americas Water analysis, much of the West and Midwest are in a pattern of long-term, chronic deficit with regard to water useeven as some of those areas are net-exporters of high water-consuming crops. This suggests that by shifting water-intensive crop production to less water-stressed regions, overall national water stress could be substantially reduced. But in order to do so, policy makers will need a much more robust set of models that address the complex interplay of factors affecting water supply and use." 




 U.S. Provides $225 Million for Conservation in Puerto Rico

SAN JUAN  The U.S. government has appropriated move than $225 million for conservation of natural resources in Puerto Rico, the head of the islands Federal Affairs Administration said Tuesday.

Release of the funds is contingent on their being used for projects to improve water quality, battle drought, enhance soil health and wildlife habitat and to protect viable agriculture, Juan Eugenio Hernandez Mayoral said in a statement.

Besides promoting economic growth in agriculture, construction and other industries, the funds empower communities and the private sector to carry out projects in their common interest, and the effective implementation of actions to conserve natural resources in the island, the statement said.

The deadline to submit project proposals to the Regional Conservation Partnership Program is July 8. 









 Newly Released Forest Service Tree Mortality Charts for Western Bark Beetle has California at 800,000 Acres for 2014

http://goldrushcam.com/sierrasuntimes/index.php/news/local-news/3067-newly-released-forest-service-tree-mortality-charts-for-western-bark-beetle-has-california-at-800-000-acres-for-2014

http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/IDSurvey_2014_placemat.pdf 




 related: USDA announces $235 million for new conservation partnerships
http://www.ardmoreite.com/article/20150505/NEWS/150509884/13521/NEWS    

USDA is now accepting proposals for RCPP. Pre-proposals are due July 8. 














 that's terrifying to hear.  




 I didn't mean it negatively at all, I think it's pretty wonderful to see such reactions to a crisis situation. 
























 yes. 









 and in a related 'people are odd' article: http://crofsblogs.typepad.com/h5n1/2015/03/colombia-chikungunya-is-a-democratic-disease.html 














 http://www.mercurynews.com/science/ci_25859513/nations-largest-ocean-desalination-plant-goes-up-near

http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Desalination-plants-a-pricey-option-if-drought-5239096.php 




 the article is dated the 5th, it's the first I have heard of the anthrax possibility. Everything I have seen indicates that they haven't received a positive or negative result yet.

Would you please provide a link to the information you are citing? Thank you! 




 I refuse to take a survey to read an article. Pisses me off. 









 I hadn't noticed that UTC had been specified.  my apologies, and thank you. 









 SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  California water regulators adopted sweeping, unprecedented restrictions Tuesday on how people, governments and businesses can use water amid the state's ongoing drought, hoping to push reluctant residents to deeper conservation.

The State Water Resources Control Board approved rules that force cities to limit watering on public property, encourage homeowners to let their lawns die and impose mandatory water-savings targets for the hundreds of local agencies and cities that supply water to California customers.

Gov. Jerry Brown had pushed for the more stringent regulations, arguing that voluntary conservation efforts have so far not yielded the water savings needed amid a four-year drought. He ordered water agencies to cut urban water use by 25 percent compared with 2013, the year before he declared a drought emergency.

"It is better to prepare now than face much more painful cuts should it not rain in the fall," board Chairwoman Felicia Marcus said Tuesday as the board voted 5-0 to approve the new rules.

Although the rules are called mandatory, it's still not clear what punishment the state water board and local agencies can or will impose for those that don't meet the targets. Board officials said they expect dramatic water savings as soon as June and are willing to add restrictions and penalties for agencies that lag.

But the board lacks staff to oversee each of the hundreds of water agencies, which range dramatically in size and scope. Some local agencies that are tasked with achieving savings do not have the resources to issue tickets to those who waste water, and many others have chosen not to do so.

Despite the dire warnings, it's also still not clear that Californians have grasped the seriousness of the drought or the need for conservation. Data released by the board Tuesday showed that Californians conserved little water in March, and local officials were not aggressive in cracking down on waste.

A survey of local water departments showed water use fell less than 4 percent in March compared with the same month in 2013. Overall savings have been only about 9 percent since last summer.

Under the new rules, each city is ordered to cut water use by as much as 36 percent compared with 2013. Some local water departments have called the proposal unrealistic and unfair, arguing that achieving steep cuts could cause higher water bills, declining property values and dissuade projects to develop drought-proof water technology such as desalination and sewage recycling.

The board again Tuesday rejected calls to create easier targets for communities in drier areas or for cities that have been conserving since before the drought.

An economic analysis of the water board's proposal commissioned by the board estimated that private water utilities and local water departments would lose a total of about $1 billion in revenue through lost water sales if they meet the board's targets, meaning they are likely to raise prices to make up the difference.

Brown said last week he would push for legislation authorizing fines of up to $10,000 for extreme wasters of water, but he needs legislative approval to do so and no bill has been introduced. Another tool  tiered pricing, in which the price rises as water use goes up  is in question after a court struck down water rates designed to encourage conservation in San Juan Capistrano in Orange County. 














 true.  




 http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-06/tasmanian-weather-power-cuts-persist-as-high-winds-lash-state/6447734

Tasmanian weather: Power restored after high winds lash state.

 




 yep,  ok when you hear that " Parts of northern and central Tasmania are subject to a severe storm warning with forecast winds of up to 130km/h, heavy rain and snow." Totally qualifies as severe weather, hope it will  be less severe than anticipated. 




 posted this link earlier in news. I would love to hear more info.

http://www.koat.com/news/worker-burned-at-los-alamos-national-lab-in-critical-condition/32806058 




 thank you:) 




 you may enjoy this then:)  All the Worlds Volcano Webcams

http://www.wired.com/2015/04/worlds-volcano-webcams/

(It's just all the one's with webcams, not every single volcano ..lol makes me sad, I want to webcam all of them!)

(yea some of them suck, but heck maybe we should do a fundraiser to get them installed on all the potential volcanoes:) 









 Volcano Activity in Japan on Tuesday, 05 May, 2015 at 09:03 (09:03 AM) UTC.
Description
The number of volcanic earthquakes recorded in Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture, surged Tuesday, with 85 quakes recorded before 8 a.m., compared with 34 for all of Monday, the Meteorological Agency said. Of the quakes Tuesday, two that shook the area between 6 a.m. and 7 a.m. were strong enough to be felt. They registered level 1, or the lowest, on the Japanese intensity scale of 7, the agency said. The focus of both was about 10 km underground. The agency said it still believes the possibility that the Hokone volcano will erupt is low, and it is maintaining the alert level at 1 on the scale of 5. However, hot steam could suddenly be expelled from the ground in or near the Owakudani Valley, the agency warned, urging tourists not to enter areas designated as off-limits. Local officials have barred visitors from entering recreational trails and hiking courses in the valley. The number of volcanic quakes began to surge April 26, though only two were recorded last Friday. However, 37 earthquakes were recorded Saturday, followed by 36 on Sunday and 34 on Monday.  (from RSOE) 









 Volcano Activity in Japan on Tuesday, 05 May, 2015 at 09:03 (09:03 AM) UTC.
Description
The number of volcanic earthquakes recorded in Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture, surged Tuesday, with 85 quakes recorded before 8 a.m., compared with 34 for all of Monday, the Meteorological Agency said. Of the quakes Tuesday, two that shook the area between 6 a.m. and 7 a.m. were strong enough to be felt. They registered level 1, or the lowest, on the Japanese intensity scale of 7, the agency said. The focus of both was about 10 km underground. The agency said it still believes the possibility that the Hokone volcano will erupt is low, and it is maintaining the alert level at 1 on the scale of 5. However, hot steam could suddenly be expelled from the ground in or near the Owakudani Valley, the agency warned, urging tourists not to enter areas designated as off-limits. Local officials have barred visitors from entering recreational trails and hiking courses in the valley. The number of volcanic quakes began to surge April 26, though only two were recorded last Friday. However, 37 earthquakes were recorded Saturday, followed by 36 on Sunday and 34 on Monday.

http://hisz.rsoe.hu/alertmap/site/index.php?pageid=event_desc edis_id=VA-20150505-48077-JPN 









 "The outer lanes of the turnpike were shut down near the crash scene, causing traffic delays in the area. The crash occurred on the exit that heads towards the Garden State Parkway and Route 9 in Woodbridge."

"The exit ramp from the southbound truck lanes to the toll plaza remains closed for road repairs.

Crews will repave a 200-foot section of the truck lanes exit ramp, and replace some of the guardrail.

They will be working overnight and plan to have it reopened by 5 a.m.

The exit ramp from the car lanes reopened earlier Tuesday afternoon."

http://7online.com/traffic/tanker-truck-crashes-catches-fire-on-nj-turnpike-in-woodbridge/698057/ 




 lol same here, woke up, said hmmm should I be alarmed? It stopped   I rolled over back to dreamland:) 




 That local time was out of budapest or something:) I do wish they would specify time zones! 














 much cool. ty! 




 Agreed! 




 
TWC BreakingVerified account
@TWCBreaking
The storm that brought a reported #tornado to Rostock, Germany also brought a 78mph (126 kph) wind gust. (1710 GMT) 


https://twitter.com/TWCBreaking/status/595680810956644353 














 rofl yes, and so often it becomes a race between an idiot and fool!

I try to vote for the mudders. 




 ...and his orchestra gets what, t-shirts?? 














 Mike Huckabee's Craziest Comments http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/mike-huckabee-still-talking-crazy-20110505

 Playing-it-coy presidential candidate Mike Huckabee is taking heat for comparing failure to act on the federal debt to  what else?  letting the Nazis get away with the Holocaust. "Let there never be a time in this country when some father has to look over his daughter's shoulder and see her ask the haunting question, 'why didn't somebody do something?'" he told a crowd of NRA members last weekend. (Steve Kornacki at Salon points out that Huckabee has used the exact same anology before, in relation to abortion.) 

It's an open question whether Huckabee is crazy like a fox or crazy like a ... lunatic. What's not in dispute is that he's some kind of crazy. If you have any doubts on that score, consider these collected Huck-isms.

Obamas worldview was shaped by a world filled with madrassas: "I do think he has a different worldview and I think it's in part molded out of a very different experience. Most of us grew up going to Boy Scout meetings, you know, our communities were filled with Rotary Clubs, not madrassas."

Hillary skipped the 2010 campaign trail to have an "alibi" when she challenged Obama in 2012: "She saw this train wreck coming and took off for Cambodia."

Obama never uses the word "terrorism": "[W]ith a liberal President - you're going to get universal healthcare, you're going to get higher taxes, you're going to get weak foreign policy, you're going to get a flat refusal to acknowledge the use of the term 'terrorist' or 'terrorism.'"

Homsexuality is like pedophilia, bestiality: "Well, I dont think thats a radical view to say were going to affirm marriage. I think the radical view is to say that were going to change the definition of marriage so that it can mean two men, two women, a man and three women, a man and a child, a man and animal."

Obama grew up in Kenya: "[I]f you think about it, his perspective as growing up in Kenya with a Kenyan father and grandfather, their view of the Mau Mau Revolution in Kenya is very different than ours because he probably grew up hearing that the British were a bunch of imperialists who persecuted his grandfather."

The U.S. financial crisis was caused by economic terrorists: "There may, in fact, be evidence of economic terrorism that is fueling a lot of what's going on. Now it's a fascinating idea, that if somebody could break down the world economy, it would have a greater impact that any bomb ever set off. It seems to be there is plausible argument for it."

We need a U.S.-Mexico border fence to keep out ... Pakistanis: The fact is that the immigration  issue is not so much about people coming to pick lettuce or make beds, its about someone coming with a shoulder-fired missile."

Mormons believe that "Jesus and the devil are brothers"
Or so he asked, wonderingly, at a 2007 debate with Republican presidential contenders, including (noted Mormon) Mitt Romney.

Related: In this 2007 Rolling Stone profile, Matt Taibbi concluded after much sober consideration that Huckabee, for all his personal warmth and charm, is "full-blown nuts, a Christian goofball of the highest order."



 









 (Reuters) - The federal Office of Management and Budget has granted U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack the authority to transfer an additional $330 million in emergency funds for the agency's handling of the quickly spreading avian influenza outbreak, USDA agency sources told Reuters on Tuesday.

The funds will be used to cover indemnity claims filed by poultry farmers whose flocks have been infected by the highly pathogenic H5 virus and other issues related to the outbreak, the sources told Reuters. The additional funds, added to the $84.5 million previously set aside by USDA for the outbreak, bring the federal costs so far to at least $414.5 million. 









 details,details..well I will now precede to spend my day using some portion of my brain to solve this dilemma. (I like problem solving, its like doing puzzles) Already have an excellent thought, but more later! I must go off to attend real life affairs fora while:) Cheers! 




 I find a lot of it makes me smile and laugh! I am not a male, my mi-20's alas are in my past, and I do not spend a lot of time of AskReddit threads.

 




 it is. 
hmmm....http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/real-estate/tall-skinny-midtown-skyscraper-new-york-fashionable-rental-article-1.1113225 




 Also re Journal Square, could we please get those nifty Japanese bike storage systems? Pretty please?

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/virals/11419484/Behold-the-futuristic-Japanese-underground-bike-parking-machine.html 




 wikibot doesn't like hawks   owls?? 




 oh right, forgot about that little detail, silly me! Thank you! 




 lol. I like the summit house building! (called sanai's now). I say we trade the kennedy chicken place and those 2-3 buildings there to safe guard summit house:)

It's built of cool stuff! 

"The Newkirk House, also known as the Summit House, located at 510 Summit Avenue is the oldest surviving structure in Jersey City, New Jersey. The two-story Dutch Colonial building, composed of sandstone, brick, and clapboard dates to 1690.[1][2]

Originally one story, the outer walls are two feet of stone fitted in lime and mortar. Beams of timber in the basement are six-by-twelve inches and those on the second floor are four-by-six inches spaced four-feet apart. Eight-inch wood pegs, rather than nails, were employed during the time of construction."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newkirk_House

I also like hawks   owls  hanging out and eating up any rats that might try to sneak in.  









 EDIS Number:	EQ-20150505-476943-US Common Alerting Protocol

Magnitude:	3.4

Mercalli scale:	1

Date-Time [UTC]:	05 May, 2015 at 16:03:56 UTC

Local Date/Time:	Wednesday, May 06, 2015 at 09:03 in the moorning at epicenter

Coordinate:	115 40.014, 39 4.980

Depth:	0 km (0.00 miles)

Hypocentrum:	---

Class:	Minor

Region:	Nevada

Country:	United States

Location:	39.00 km (24.23 miles) - of Eureka, Nevada, United States

Source:	USGS

Generated Tsunami:	Not
Damage:	Not or no data

http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/map/ 




 I had hoped the ban passed :( 
http://sedonaeye.com/ban-fracking-on-public-lands 




 http://www.maplandia.com/united-states/new-jersey/hudson-county/jersey-city/#map  (naturally google messed with my map, look at the summit avenue/magnolia avenue intersection, use will see a parking lot very sightly  south,)

see this parking lot , and the 3 buildings adjacent to it?  the one along Summit date back to 1690. Think it will survive the blasting?

The Hilltop really is a family neighborhood, let them build across summit, where  that chicken place is. See all that green space that runs from Summit to Baldwin?  There has been talk of using that space as an access route for the construction project.  That area is full of wildlife, owls, skunks, hawks, etc, etc. Leave them in peace.

Never mind the dated infrastructure in our area that I don't see any mention being made to upgrade so as to accommodate all these new residents.

I realize the square is building up. How about we get those empty spaces (the one where kennedy meets sip) built up, and do something about those somewhat derelict buildings boarding the chicken place on the sip/summit corner before adding one of these monsters to a an space where we citizenry are up in arms against the development at this particular location.
 









 "SEDONA - Did you feel anything?

A magnitude-3.2 earthquake shook the Sedona area around 2 a.m. Tuesday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.

The epicenter was six miles north of Sedona.

The Associated Press says no damage or injuries have been reported.

Meteorologist Iris Hermosillo says there are some fault lines in the state, so earthquakes here aren't uncommon. The earthquakes we feel, though, generally aren't very strong.

The largest earthquake in Arizona was recorded on July 21, 1959 at a magnitude of 5.6, the USGS says."

Did you feel it? Report here please: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/dyfi/  









 well really when your lullaby songs go like this, Russian Lullaby -    (with english translation), not much I suspect.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDMmj5WgB8c 









 training? 




 wow those numbers are extraordinary. Dengue in no joke, very painful. I fact when I learned about it in school it was also known as breakbone fever, that's the amount of pain one can feel.

I wish  the water crisis could be solved soon,  lessen the amount of stored water causing the mosquitos to breed.

Worrisome. 









 Papua New Guinea officials warn coastal villages to take extra precautions in case of tsunami following magnitude 7.4 quake - @AP

http://bigstory.ap.org/article/db406dc0e96546ecbc074f43c1c179ef/strong-quake-rocks-papua-new-guinea-local-tsunami-possible

update:Small Tsunami Seen Near Epicenter of Papua New Guinea Quake
SYDNEY  May 5, 2015, 12:46 AM ET

http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/strong-quake-rocks-papua-guinea-local-tsunami-30803349 




 what country do you live in? 

 




 ABC7 Eyewitness News @ABC7  1h1 hour ago
15-foot waves lure bodysurfers, crowds to The Wedge in Newport Beach http://abc7.la/1zJesBH  pic.twitter.com/kd47hmWXZ2 














 I've been asking that for the past 2 days. Haven't heard a reasonable explanation yet.  (I really hope there is one   that I just missed it) 









 Tsunami waves reaching 0.3 to 1 meter above tide level possible in Papua New Guinea after earthquake, Pacific Tsunami Warning Center reports; government officials told to alert coastal residents - @NWS_PTWC
read more on tsunami.gov 









 "The United Nations and conservation groups have sounded the alarm about the ecosystem's failure and its ripple effects, which include the mass extinction of thousands of species of animals.

"Coral degradation is a global problem," said Luis Solorzano, executive director at The Nature Conservancy, a nonprofit organization working in more than 35 countries and operating more than 100 marine conservation projects."

"A world without corals would not only have economic and social costs, added Solorzano, but "our planet would be a very sad place." 









 ok I am both confused   baffled, yet some lil piece of my brain thinks this makes some sort of sense.

Can anyone please ELI5 what all this means? thank you in advance! 









 I think the sleeping giant may be the need for awareness among us humans. 

And then taking action, however small it might seem, so as to at least try to better the situation we are all finding ourselves in at this time.

 




 Chlorine leak stopped at Youngstown wastewater plant
By Gerry Ricciutti
Published: May 4, 2015, 10:21 am  Updated: May 4, 2015, 7:11 pm

 YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN)  It was quiet Monday evening at the Youngstown wastewater treatment plant on Poland Avenue, but it was a very different scene around 9:15 a.m., shortly after liquid chlorine started leaking from a pipe.

The Himrod Avenue Expressway between U.S. Route 62 and Interstate 680 and the section of Poland Avenue in front of the plant, between Gibson Street and Powers Way, will be closed until 8 a.m. Tuesday.

Shortly after 9 a.m. Monday, workers evacuated the facility after potentially hazardous liquid chlorine began leaking from a valve as workers were trying to switch one-ton tanks of the chemical, which is used in the water treatment process. Firefighters and HazMat crews responded quickly, put on protective gear and got inside and shut off the leak, but that was not the end.

Unfortunately, they lost about 500 pounds of liquid chlorine that remained in the building, that did not get mixed off, so we are going to have to slowly allow the air exchangers within that building to mix it with air and release it back into the environment, Youngstown Fire Department Battalion Chief Sil Caggiano said.

What complicated the problem is that liquid chlorine freezes when it is exposed to the air and firefighters found a lot of what had leaked had frozen in large puddles on the floor of the building rather than evaporating into the atmosphere. They now have to wait for the chemical to warm up and then dissipate. 

And until that happens, firefighters opted to close both Poland Avenue and the nearby Expressway, as well as the businesses inside the nearby Performance Place Industrial Park, as precautions.

Officials have said that, barring drastic change, there is no public health risk from the chlorine leak at the Youngstown wastewater treatment plant. It was contained around 11:45 a.m.

Crews on the scene were initially worried about wind blowing the gas towards the east and northeast and sent a truck with a measuring device to the east side of the Mahoning River to check for the presence of chlorine.

Fire officials are warning citizens to avoid the area around the plant and shelter in place, with doors and windows closed, unless notified otherwise.

Chlorine can cause irritation of the lungs and eyes, as well as difficulty breathing. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention has put together a fact sheet on chlorine." 









 "President Barack Obama plans to nominate Marine Commandant Gen. Joe Dunford to become the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Americas top uniformed military leader, two sources briefed on the decision said Monday.
Obama is also expected to nominate Air Force Gen. Paul Selva, now head of the U.S. Transportation Command, to become vice chairman, they said."


 









 mighty fine question.  She seems a bit angry,no? 














 I sort of wish that there was some sort of contract addendum that read something along the lines that were FWeather to win; that 3/4 of his absurd earnings would be donated to woman shelters/'stop hitting your spouse/gf/bf/children' education, and to rehab of those harmed by such violence. 




 "John Oliver Perfectly Describes the "Woman-Battering Human Landfill" That Is Floyd Mayweather
By Inae Oh| Mon May 4, 2015 11:01 AM EDT

Email
11
While issuing a takedown of Bud Light's awful new #UpForWhatever tagline last night, which included a clip of a woman calling the campaign a tad "rapey," John Oliver snuck in quite the perfect description of another awful subject, Floyd Mayweather.

"That's true, but it would be great if you could use a slightly more serious word than 'rapey'," Oliver said. "It's somewhat diminishingIt's like saying Floyd Mayweather is a smidge assaulty. It's technically correct but it'd be more appropriate to say he's a woman-battering, human landfill. That'd be more on the money."

http://www.motherjones.com/mixed-media/2015/05/john-oliver-floyd-mayweather 









  "If you think you've got a good idea, the deadline to submit it is June 30th, 2015 at 8PM ET."

http://www1.nyc.gov/site/forward/innovations/call-for-innovations.page

I'd hate to be the one reading the 'suggestions'. 









 The Kliuchevskoi, the most powerful existing chain giants in the Russian peninsula of Kamchatka volcano, today launched clouds of gas-steam and ash to a height of seven thousand five hundred meters above the level the sea. Emissions were captured by the observatory of geophysics and volcanology, a subsidiary of the Academy of Science of Russia in the Far East. The wind spread the ash cloud at a distance of 40 kilometers to the northeast, toward the Gulf of Ozernovskiy, and does not represent a danger for the populations, the regional Emergency Situations Ministry, in a report televised on federal channels said. However, civil defense declared code yellow -alert averagely for aviation security and recommended to travelers refrain from organizing tourist expeditions in the area of the volcano, active since 1 January. Kliuchevskoi ranks as the largest and most powerful active basaltic volcano in Eurasia, with four thousand 850 meters. Actually it gives its name to a group of giants (Kliuchevskaya) located near the east coast of the peninsula as Ploski Tolbachik, Shiveluch and Kizimen responsible for the intense seismic activity in the region since late 2012. The Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East, is part of the zone of high seismic activity on the planet, the Ring of Fire    (from RSOE) 














 Growing volcano threat in Kamchatka jeopardizes air traffic

http://in.rbth.com/news/2015/04/13/growing_volcano_threat_in_kamchatka_jeopardizes_air_traffic_42553.html 



















 Certain things should be free to all living things...Air, Water, Pallets... 




 http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-05-04/a-tribute-to-david-letterman-s-best-stupid-politician-tricks 









 lol thank you, I really must learn not to ask questions before my coffee has reached my bloodstream:) Enjoy your day! 









 so hold on there. 
Is that answer meant for me or u/atheistsrlol?

 




 It ain't Kansas anymore Dorothy. Take the pics, I have some adorable bath pics of my son as a baby, put do not post or share them on the net.  









 LOL
Shaking Reported With M3.8 Earthquake's "Boom," But No Damage

http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Preliminary-M39-Earthquake-Hits-LA-302338281.html

Sincerely,

Not Idaho. (also this is bad, thanks for post:) 




