 Males can squee, can't we?  Just put on a fresh pair of shorts and it's all good.

I just did. 




 Perfect name!  Did you know that when he was a puppy he'd live up to it? 




 Same here.  Watch only on the left.  Anytime I see somebody with it on the right, he's either a leftie or wrong. 




 Wow.  Flavored chips didn't exist in the USA until 1954?  How is that possible?  Nobody thought to add jalapenos or Old Bay to them prior to that? 




 Holy crap.  Walking around up there with just business shoes?  That's just plain stupid.   




 Pretty aircraft.

There's one hanging in the Smithsonian's National Air   Space Museum on the Mall.  I always it was an odd choice for an American museum.   




 I've spent limited time in Chicago but watched pretty much every ep of ER, The Good Wife, and Shameless.

Be prepared for a Chicago-condition winter but one that will last only a week.  Our summers will be tougher to acclimate to -- 95F plus humidity is life-draining.  Our springs and autumns however are world-class.  I swear during cherry blossom week, DC is this prettiest city on the planet.  

Washington itself is much smaller obviously so I bet faster to get around.  The L from O'Hare to downtown amazed me how long it took.  

DC's got a weird duality in that it's insular amongst social circles yet everybody welcomes a newcomer.  The city is also much more international than Chicago -- a good chunk of your class will be foreign.  

You'll be fine.  Lots of midwesterners here.   




 Interesting idea, but the choices are too limited.   




 Ah.  That's a gavel on the bottom.   




 What's the reason for the bald eagle in the northwest?  American soldier cemetery?   




 I've flown from National to Bermuda.  I think they did all the customs stuff upon arrival at the airport in Bermuda -- the opposite of doing it when say flying from Dulles to Heathrow. 




 Roanoke, which is in the center of all this, was originally called "Big Lick." 




 British English spelling for an American English movie.

Unless this pic was taken in Europe. 




 My sense was that with the women they were young and impressionable.  They would've been maybe five to ten years older than me.  

The late 70's were weird.  Even the early 80's.  All kinds of cult-y movements springing up.  I fended off all of them -- for some reason, I seemed like an easy target, but have a hidden cynicism in me.

I'm happy to hear that a woman who was that close to him landed on her feet and raised a child who writes as well as you do.

Perhaps I shouldn't be surprised!

But you have to know: Erhard was a con man.   




 Spare fuses.

When a storm hits, that is not the time to figure out what fuse belongs where. 




 I don't sadly.  Did she ever meet Erhard?  From my POV as a teenager in the 70's, I thought the adults were going insane.  

But anytime I'd see an EST type on TV, the females sounded like that, while the males weren't too different from modern self-help types.


For my mini-generation, I think that's remarkable as normally it's the adults thinking the teenagers were going insane.

There was a terrific movie where a real-life EST girl coralled a director.  It's on the tip of my tongue.  

Anyhow, that movement was weird.  I hear Erhard has vanished.

What did your mom do with them?   




 Ouch.  Classic "good enough" traffic engineering.  

I imagine re-routing roads in the UK is a whole new level of problems, but still. 




 I've been there -- he had converted a urinal from Sloppy Joe's to become a water bowl for his cats, right?  Still there? 




 I drive a '68 Mustang as a daily driver.  My goodness -- Ford managed to produce a car that would be only more tail-happy!  

I did not think that was possible. 




 "Theatres"? 




 No they can't.  I have never seen a pic of a llama who did not look smug. 




 True.  I'm really digging Rachel McAdams, so that'll see me through to the end.

But I swear to God anytime Velcoro appears, I want to take a week wacker to his 'stache.   




 Yup.  I thought it was cheap cop-out.  I'm not enamored of this world the way I was of season 1.   




 I agree and I live in the epicenter of political discussion: Washington, DC.

The problem is that those of living here effectively do not have a vote.  

I think yapping about politics is a waste of time.  

But I do have a buddy who truly knows what's going on at any given time, and I love hearing his reports from the trenches.   




 My bet it is that it was a leak.  ESPN is not TMZ.   




 The CFPB is toothless. 

This is a nuisance settlement.  

How fucking dare they consider this to be a victory?   




 I did once.  Had a very nice chat with a little old lady who noticed that I was reading Moby Dick while waiting for my number to be called.   




 Al Shepard walked on the moon.  You honestly think he didn't rip one off just to show everybody who's the boss?! 




 Whoa!  That was Fred Ward?!  Nice catch!  I thought I recognized him.

Anyhow I truly hate Velcoro.  When what happened to him at the end of ep 2 happened, I was all "good!" 




 Is this a prank reel?  How could the bird immediately vocalize what Attenborough just said?  And how does a wild bird in Australia get access to Seinfeld re-runs?   




 You never know with celebs who are in movement from point A to point B.  They could be out of gas and irritable.

John Goodman is supposedly a great guy but beware if you mess with him inbetween shoots.   




 I have to admit -- the shark fin was a clever idea.  Too bad nobody tried "swimming" with it.   




 That might have been an influence on the internet, but I'm 53 and knew of so-called cat ladies well before the internets.  

Watch American Hustle.  They prey on a woman who had too many cats.   




 This is exactly correct.  If you have an over the air antenna you can the FCC-controlled broadcasters listed above, but redditor above forgot The WB, which is the home of Supernatural which I will keep watching until the bitter end.

The broadcasters also have a number of sub-channels.  For example, my ABC affiliate has a channel 7.2 that shows reruns of the best 70's and 80's shows.  My CBS affiliate has a 9.3 that shows the weather radar loops.

Meanwhile on cable/sat there's basic cable -- AMC with Breaking Bad -- and premium cable -- HBO with Game of Thrones.

I love having over the air reception.  The picture quality is better than compressed satellite quality.   




 Here's the video.  Doesn't seem all that bad, but who would buy donuts on the counter?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/ariana-grande-donuts-video_559d11b6e4b0a9aadf39e934
 




 Agreement that dogs are much more expressive than other animals, but cats -- or at least my cat -- has expressions.  Eyes slitted and head high and looking smug?  He's feeling smug.  Eyes wide and staring at me like he wants something?  He wants something.   




 I'm not sure what exactly you're referring to as Ackroyd and Martin were aping a Czech accent and the woman a manufactured accent, but for the people speaking normally and having been grown up in the 70's, I can add

- on the SNL skit, that's Larraine Newman in the middle.  She was hilarious.  The accent you hear her speaking in was the famous Mid-Atlantic American accent from the 40's Hollywood.  See My Girl Friday.  She didn't normally talk this way, but I bet thought it the best choice for an arts patron of the period.

- JZ Knight is more interesting.  The accent before she went into character is only of the 70's.  It's the way people involved in the self-enlightenment programs such as EST spoke.  You could spot them immediately.  I never encountered one in real as I was too young, and I think it was mostly a West Coast thing.   




 What happened to the stink bugs anyway?  The winter wasn't that brutal.  Maybe all the rain?   




 The guy didn't sue the blogger as a John Doe at the very least? 




 I just googled the bejesus out of this picture.  Despite being a wikicommons pic, it's not used in any wiki article.  The official USN description says the gunner was "thrown clear" though.   




 Yeah I usually take Acela when going to NYC from DC.  It's such a hellhole.

There is a Irish Pub tucked away that I really like and I normally hate Irish Pubs (unless actually in Ireland).   




 Mosquito repellent.  I hate the rules of this game as I also bought beer in the same purchase. 




 I think TMZ or somebody polls celebrities as to what the final score of the Superbowl will be.

It's inevitably won by a former Baywatch star or the like.   




 Nicely researched article!

This is where he got on the highway:

https://a248.e.akamai.net/f/1202/1579/4m/i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/07/08/10/2A54921200000578-0-image-a-67_1436346996129.jpg

It strikes me as a horrible layout asking for trouble. 




 And you admit this? 




 I don't know enough about the market at the tiem.  Were Commodore 64's TI products co-branding with Timex or something? 




 Ah, LinkedIn.  What a resource!  You must be more professional than most mags.

I've always wondered what would happen if a magazine just created a /r/nameofmymagazine and simply posted its articles there to use reddit as a free comments section.   Unless of course you pay for subscriptions, which if you're a LinkedIn vet, you do.  Maybe a best of series of postings?  

followers from Facebook are all in places that are behind the european circuit on technology.

What does that mean? 




 I gotta say if I was the Greek PM and had in money, this is precisely what I'd send to Brussels just to freak them out. 




 Have you every been able to use reddit to promote the magazine?

Otherwise what does this entail?  Lots of twitter and Facebook? 




 Nope, I've never had the chance to try one.

But couldn't a toddler nibble at it to get to the toy?

Anyhow, I remember growing up in the 70's there was soap with a toy inside it if you used the full bar.  My brother and I would regularly knife them in half.  Not smart to have I'd guess a 7 year old and a 5 year old around knives and wet soap bars.  We were fine but the potential for danger was there.

Now add in candy.  

I'm just saying I think the US FDA has a rational argument on their side. 




 Why are the birds challenging the lizard?  They can fly; he can't.

Nest nearby? 




 What a great smile! 




 Oops.  I subscribe and didn't notice which sub I was in -- I thought it was historyporn.

Nevermind.

Happy cakeday! 




 I've never been attracted to hunting but have always loved shooting -- my best childhood friend's father was a renowned sportsman/hunter.

If I had these bastards digging up my ranch, I'd be emailing Pig Man for tips on how to get a clean shot at them.   




 This was post-Reagan I thought.  They'd already migrated to the GOP at that point.

Things like this happen.  In Virginia, we had George Allen running for the Senate against Jim Webb, who was regarded as having zero chance of winning and was there simply so the race wouldn't be uncontested.

Allen made a huge goof -- the macaca comment -- and suddenly everybody remembered that he was a moron.  Webb won.  Webb's also now running against Hilary Clinton.   




 Is that because of snow days?  I grew up in Virginia and the schools generally let out around Memorial Day.  

Anyhow, OP if your parents could afford summer camp, you went.  Getting the children out of the house for a month is a grand tradition in American marriages.  I've always thought it had less to do with the children than the parents wanting some alone time. 




 An oldie internet thing:

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1b/c7/ae/1bc7aed549c633070a4bf5878988dd98.jpg

I really like the "welcome aboard -- please call me Admiral" idea. 




 Like Mark Twain, the reports of her death have been highly exaggerated. 




 My bet is a dolphin.  They're curious critters.  

Odd that you saw no fin of any sort though.   




 I gotta say that if my child was going to get bused due to the first letter of my last name, I'd be kind of pissed, too.  Arbitrary reason to tack on an hour or two of the student's commute. 




 I'm actually with the US on this.  Children too young to understand that there's a toy inside could get access to one of these.  The wiki says three children in the UK did in fact die due to choking.  

A 3-year is very different from say a 6-year old, obviously.  

 




 Oh the TI calculators are classics!

No this was definitely a foray into PC's.  I think even Johnny Carson was making jokes about them.   




 Well, this incident happened at the height of the Balkans ethnic cleansing so it was a highly loaded phrase at the time.

The point was more to embarrass the newbie Congresscritters than anything else.  It was a "gotcha" stunt. 




 I thought that was Bridgestone. 




 That sounds like something Spy Magazine used to do.

They once polled every incoming member of a House class if they opposed "ethnic cleansing in Freedonia."  Everybody of course said yes and felt good about themselves.  

Freedonia exists only in a Marx Brothers movie. 




 The thing I remember about it is that they did this in a number of cities but knew not to mess with DC as that could be real trouble, then pretended they didn't know they were doing anything that might get people worried. 




 Yup.  I started watching again with the debut of the 2nd half of last season -- ep. 4.9.  It was an excellent stretch of eps.  Don't hesitate to catch up via recaps and start from there.  I feel like new life has been breathed back into the franchise.   




 I know a guy from the Clinton Administration who somehow got possession of that helmet and still has it.   




 Texas Instruments did the same thing once, I believe.  They wound up basically giving away the older models, or maybe selling them for $10 in order to get shelf space free for the new models.

I don't think they stayed in the PC business much longer. 




 Whoa.  I thought you meant the airborne deadly disease -- I live in DC and had to deal with the anthrax attacks after 9/11.  Scarey times.  People were microwaving their mail. 

Then I saw MTV. 




 Gold Star I think it is?  Their cashews are even better.  Buy only at half price though. 




 I saw the tail end of it.  He filled the dead air by paying tributes to his construction workers, who looked like they wanted to kill him.   




 I saw clips of his concert.

He was having a blast.  

Good for him! 




 That was the Ann Richards race, right?  There was another incident where he refused to shake her hand.

Yes, children, there once was a time where Texas elected a progressive Democrat.   




 I was living in DC at the time.  I remember they had stills of some of these kids on the sides of buses.

Apparenlty, a pair of DoJ prosecutors were standing on a corner as a bus went by, and they looked at each other and immediately said "is that child porn?"  Thus the investigation was born.  

Anyhow they were really creepy.  CK I guess wanted to be oh so edgy and blew it.  Same with A F these days. 




 Aw, I love the CVS house brand of almonds.  Try them! 




 You could also try r/archiveporn.  I don't know they accept albums though. 

Those letters belong in a Civil War museum.  I like how somebody along the line put them in a protective liner.   




 I've never been certain about whether the markings were black   white like zebra stripes or multi-colored.  Anybody know? 




 I gave up on after the Governor horsepoop, but came back to it this past season with Alexandria and whatnot.  I'm glad I did.  

Wikipedia has surprisingly good recaps, so I was able to fill in the blanks.  I don't think I missed much.   




 FP is off the leash and free associating without fear tonight.

Nancy Drew? 




 r/thingsjonsnowknows
 




 I know Gene refers to Gene Okerlund, but that's about it. 




 Why not both?

Bryce could be a girl name too.  Bryce Maxine perhaps? 




 No sadly.  I don't envy anybody having to search manually. 









 /r/HeyCarl for anybody needing more. 




 This is second only to seeing a teddy bear thrown away. 




 Couldnt get it show even on 820p 




 The just found by overwhelming evidence that Cosby had launched himself into the public sphere.

Ordinary firing litigations don't have that kind of behavior so they're left sealed. 




 Snooty Gwyneth Paltrow and the first lady of reddit Jennifer Lawrence.

Actually now that I think about it, despite what a trainwreck it'd be, it could be fun. 




 I somehow got roped into seeing a concert I didn't want to go to, and there was this cute blonde who also yodelled opening.

Jewel.

Two months later, I Was Meant For You broke nationally and I couldn't have been happier for her.  I love her to this day. 




 That is a seriously well-tailored suit.  High waistband by today's standards, but it that's the only thing 70's-ish about it, the man's got classic style! 




 Don't panic but it's your cakeday. 




 **Submission Statement:**

An examination into Frontline's examination of international gambling.  It's fascinating in that I can't tell if they as Frontline says couldn't get their sources squared away or if as Bergman says they were afraid of litigation costs.   









 I was preparing to buy my first CD player in maybe '86 or so.

I asked my salesman what would be the best demonstration CD to test the various players.

So my very first CD purchase was Frankie Goes to Hollywood.   




 We've got B-52's are now being piloted by grandchildren of their first pilots.  Or so I read.  Still, they've been in service for decades, too. 




 You never know.  Maybe she had a bad first marriage and wants security with her second?  He's by all accounts a charming guy, so all the best to the happy couple from me. 




 Pretty much my favorite Bond girl.

That cute little wave she gave 007 from the helicopter?  Swooon. 




 I live in DC's Georgetown.  Every single intersection not controlled by a traffic light is a four-way stop.  

It works pretty well as most drivers know what they're doing and newer drivers catch on by doing the same, but I have noticed that when I'm close to Georgetown University, things break down.  I think it's all the adult drivers from out of town taking their children to visit the campus.   




 I've gone on Saturdays the past few times I've had to get inspected and sailed through each time.  Maybe one or two cars ahead of me.  

My inspection date is always late October though.  Maybe that has something to do with it? 




 DAE think the narration is modern and tacked on?   




 I bet he's going to trounce Fallon.  Beer pong with Channing Tatum is interesting exactly once.   




 Crappy quiz.  There was no 1978 Winter Olympics.   




  "For Whom the Bell Tolls"

I regard it as one of the greatest novels ever written.  

Read up on the Spanish Civil War before launching into it.  

Hemingway's short stories are perhaps the best introduction to him though.  A Warm Well-Lit Place is a classic. 




 Yeah that's kind of my thinking, too.  Question is: who replaces him? 









 True dat.  I walked out my door at 3pm and walked back in at 1am.  

I guess we were the only trains on the tracks.

Still: 20 minutes including a transfer at L'Enfant.   




 Never apologize for being an insufferable know-it-all -- you are on reddit. 




 What could possibly be going on inside these cats' heads?

edit word. 




 Relax.  This is as bad as it gets.  I've never seen anything worse.  Normally it's drunk people doing drunken things.


For example, here is a man lighting fireworks off of his privates.

http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ac6_1408136793

He's fine, so safe for looking.  

I think it's the absolute best HMB vid on the internets.
 




 By that rubric, no female sports are worth watching.

I love womens' tennis.  I could watch say a Sharapova vs. either Williams sister final and never get bored.   




 Before I click off this thread, I just wanted to say many thanks OP for the play by play!  Nicely done! 




 What a great video!

I love how they included the girls' high school team goal.  

Edit: which goal won the award? 




 Oh I gotcha.

The RCMP I'm sure have Interpol on speed dial. 




 I was at the 18 inning marathon last October and it took me maybe 20 minutes to get from Navy Yard to Foggy Bottom.  Metro was awesome that night.  I got the sense our trains got special treatment.  

Glad you got to go the game! 




 I know -- he seems to feed off of the energy.   

I loved his star spangled bat yesterday.  Apparently he'd had it in the locker room for a year and was waiting to use it.   




 There's a Harper brand broom?  Are they for sale within the DC area?

edit:

http://www.harperbrush.com/ 




 I know.  It felt like an away game. 




 Whoa.  How did you get home that fast?! 




 OP you should x-post this into r/soccer! 




 He said the thing nobody could know about is how great the weather was that day and the different colors of flames coming from the Japanese carriers.  

It must have been epic! 




 I just did a drive-by on it.

There are people defending Bruce so they're not all bad. 




 I didn't think Uncle Ray was awful.  I like him.

But FP's "special." 




 I can watch a replay of Bryce's splash into McCovey Cove and never get tired. 




 Me, too.  I thought it was a signal to the dugout. 




 I love Bryce losing his helmet like that. 




 I think it was huge.  Horrible stadium.   




 I once met a man who was a Wildcat pilot at Midway.   




 I just tuned in post-WC euphoria and OMG these guys are annoying.

They don't seem to have much audio from the field, either. 




 I still think this is most frightening thing anybody could have in their homes. 




 No chance.  The USA and Canada will be in a diplomatic stand-off by dawn.   




 I wish he was.  I'd love to hear his reception. 




 I know -- I saw her in the semis celebrations and wondered what her story is. 




 Where's Sepp? 




 I totally disagree. 




 Nah.  Her kind of crazy runs too deep. 




 Somewhere Brandi Chastain is ripping off her jersey! 




 Nice way to bookend her career! 




 Wait until you start seeing guys your age retiring.  NFL then NBA then MLB.  

53 here.   




 I wonder if we'll see 250. 




 If anybody deserves a curtain call, it's her! 




 I think that's the very first time I've ever seen Sawa get angry. 




 Including the own goal.   




 There we go.  Thank Alexandra Patricia Morgan!

Meanwhile, the guy in the eagle mask never gets old. 




 Player of the match?

The architect of the stadium.   




 It's almost NSFL:

http://www.milb.com/assets/images/6/6/2/128128662/cuts/Buffarine_bxms7dn4_iun7cwsm.jpg 




 Live and Let Die is actually my favorite Bond film.

It's the one where he escapes from the little island surrounded by alligators, right? 




 I'm from SW Virginia.  There's a Pulaski county.  It's really pretty. 




 I lived in London for awhile.  I really miss kebabs. 




 Crappy free kick. 




 HOLY CRAP!!! 




 I just tuned in and was what the game started an hour ago?

Shades of Germany/Brazil! 




 For some reason, the threads in r/soccer are better attended:

https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3c8nde/match_thread_usa_vs_japan_wwc_final/?sort=new 




 Fun fact: there is always an officer of the Royal Navy stationed on the USS Churchill. 




 You can smell all the horse poop dust.

I wonder why those buildings that were at the location of the Reagan Building got torn down.  The site used to be a huge parking lot.  They look to be perfectly good, large buildings.   




 Ageist. 




 The 395 option is I think the most epic, but there's a sublime alternative especially as you're coming from the north.

Take the Connecticut Avenue exit off of the Beltway and drive south until you hit the White House.  

You'll see the city spool out as you drive down it.  If you have interest, reply and I'll add some pointers that you'll need. 




 As a former little human who invited such tackles with an ornery English Bulldog, that feeling is AMAZING!!!

Bulldog vs. 6 year old me?

He won most gladditor conflicts. 




 Where is this?  New A/C in Europe during the heatwave? 




 The authorities said it was one of those things best left unsolved.
 




 Dammit Reagan had a great tailor but oh his choice in ties was deplorable.  

Still what fun for everybody in this picture.   




 I can't believe she went all in on the grinding. 




 noscript got really worried with his video.  I wonder if the ChiCom internet people messed with it.  




 *:: epic season-long Supernatural montage ::* 




 I heard what sounded to be cannons but it sounded closer than Arlington Cemetery.   




 I think everybody in the US has a high opinion of Canada.   




 I went to college in Vermont and have many happy memories of Montreal.  I never understood the hatred to the French Canadians. 




 It was a very odd incident.  I drive past the spot a couple times a year where he shot himself and get the heebie-jeebies -- it's not a natural place to commit suicide.    




 I'm a Virginian who went to college in Vermont.  I love that state.  

I didn't have a problem with the winters.  Challenging but not overwhelming.  Plus I love to ski.  We'd go to class in the morning, ski in the afternoon, study in the early evening, and party later on.  Rinse   repeat.  It was heaven.   




 Typing to you from Georgetown.  I love living in DC.  

You're wrong about the city going hollow after sunset.  Incredibly wrong.  K Street of course gets emptied out, but there's a LOT going on elsewhere.   




 I live in DC and see tons of French flags on Bastille Day.   




 Aw I hate people crapping on hotmail.  That's my email address since perhaps 2000 and I still love it.  It's much better now, too.   




 Huh.  It looks like they launched from the Ellipse back then.  Now they launch from the sides of the Reflecting Pool.  

Anyhow I saw the Mall fireworks earlier tonight in person.  Awesome as always.   




 That is SO cool!  I regard him as having planted the seed of the US re-embracing soccer.   




 Honeymoon here in freaking AUGUST!!!?  This is when DC turns back into a swamp.  

I guess if you can survive that, your marriage is on solid ground.   




 That was really annoying.  The sound of the chopper detracted from the sound of the explosions.   




 Chuck Berry I hear will only accept payment in cash in a brown paper bag even to this day.  He doesn't get the bag?  No show. 




 It's a horribly written question.  All those modifiers in the middle?  Blech. 




 They're not feral anymore! 




 Well, I don't think he's as fat as Taft.  That guy needed a special bathtub to be installed in the WH.  

Anyhow, I think his weight is the least of his problems.  I don't think he'll make it past New Hampshire, but who knows. 




 A red SOLO cup.  Accept no substitutes. 




 Actually when I saw that pic I thought he'd lost a lot of weight.   




 I have an orange tabby tomcat.  He's a terrific mouser.  The problem is that he'll catch them outside, then bring them inside to keep catching them.  

I've never seen him with a dead one. 




 I appreciate that.

He was absolutely destroyed.  Washington basically made him go to France as ambassador to get him out of Monticello, where he'd effectively become a recluse.

If you get a chance to read Jefferson's Conversation Between the Heart and the Head from that period, take it.  It's wrenching. 




 This is a common misconception.  His wife died in childbirth well before the Sally Hemmings affair allegedly happened. 




 Do you want tinnitus?  Because this is how you get tinnitus. 




 My heart broke watching her interview.  Poor girl. 




 There's a sloping lawn on the east side of the Four Seasons.  That's where I go.   




 Tune into WTOP -- 103.5 FM.  Things are looking good, but it's wet on the Mall.  I just heard their weather report.   




 The important thing to know about fighting a speed camera ticket is that they're not adjudicated by the DMV but by the company that issues them.  

I tried to fight one from the camera on McArthur Blvd and got the sense nobody even read my letter. 




 OMG that's adorable!  I've never lived in a house that has a doorstopper.  Added to to-do list: house with a doorstopper and a puppy. 









 I grew up in SW Virginia.  I recognized the voice as southern, but not like any voice the adults around me used, thus I deduced that it must be further south.

I did hear however the inflections of a commanding voice, 

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/stentorian

so maybe we Virginians are to blame.   




  Zone 1/2 hybrid pass

Is this like owning a unicorn?! 




 Upper Dupont's not zone 2 is it?  I thought zone 2 stopped at Rock Creek.

Anyhow, I'm in east village Georgetown.  I've never seen a street sweeper.  Then again, when it snows, I don't see snowplows either.

I've always thought the street sweeping regulations are more about keeping spots open than actually cleaning streets. 




  "possessing sandwiches with ill intent".

This is me whenever I walk out of my local butcher shop.

Their sandwiches are insanely good. 




 Yup.  Kittens got nuthin' on Houdini. 




 The owl seems to have an ankle monitor whereas the cat does not.

edit: I call fowl.  As in f plus an owl. 




