 you can even just sit down at a table, load up the app and order a meal.  They'll bring the food right to your table.  you need and NFC enabled phone though.  They have little stickers on the underside of the tables that know which table is which. 




 I just want the moto assist apk to work on the stock Nexus 6.   Hope they are able to extract it and we can just side load it. 




 They've had kittens in Seattle too
 




 I understand what that means, it was just my dark humor that made me laugh at that comment.

"We were praying to God to answer our prayers, then a tragedy happened.  We want REAL answers now."  

Way too soon, but you have to find humor in the darkest of places, otherwise this world would be too bleak for most. 




 "We want some real answers now," one of the worshippers was heard saying.

What were they asking for before?  Fake ones? From whom? 




 I had a cat that had this but only in one eye.  He was a badass siamese that out lived 9 other cats.  He was 20 years old. 




 300+ comments saying it's amazing. 

I couldn't stand the animation style and all the characters annoyed me outside of McGurk 




 Sports coupe.  It has a back seat.  Trust me it's better that way when it comes to insurance 




 Sign up, Day 1
no invite,
waze 2nd to top
never played ingress 




 or PS4 version of Final Fantasy 7? 




 right. I've been to where it was.  The shot I was talking about looks really similar.  Since he might have "seen" it somewhere, I was offering suggestions. 




 I think they shot the scene in Transformers 4 where marky mark is getting chased by the cia dude in what would be there.  It's not. but it was close. 




 I lived in a snowy place when I got my G37S.  I wouldn't buy an automatic, so no X for me.

No idea why they don't make an AWD model with a manual transmission.   




 when you turn the key you are making connections from the switch to the starter, then the engine turns to start up.

There is the CPU in the middle of all that, but that's the simplest thing to check.  It's the wiring somewhere (sensors or otherwise) or the starter is dead. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVg59KB9VEA 




 "I graduated high school in xxxx."

I own a successful business and have a 6 figure income, but I never really attended school my senior year.  I did go to a community college for 1 year and did a technical school program (very little is used as the main part of my current job).

I don't need a piece of paper to tell me how smart I am.  School was boring and I only went to the classes I liked such as physics, math, etc.  




 Don't forget about the rare earth elements that are magnetic (Nd being the most prolific). 

Adamantium could share properties with the lanthanoid group.

Aluminum isn't normally magnetic, but when it passes over an eddy current, it can be pushed away when other things like plastic wouldn't be. This is used in recycling centers.  So your theory is sound where he could manipulate all kinds of fields to make any metal bow to his whim.  




 I'm partial to their Crepes.  MMMMM.... strawberry goodness. 




 Most of my mkv files aren't working at all. Any reason they wouldn't? Mp4 works fine 




 10 years in Texas (usually coke), then 25 in the PNW (usually Pop).  But it's a soda to me.   




 in one charge.  However, a 20 min stop over at a supercharging station will do it. 




 Looks like I'm going to have to buy another PS4.  I just jizzed all over my current one and broke it. 




 No war on domestic soil 




 No war on domestic soil 




 Use good oil, and keep the filters changed.  It's not that much more than any other car.  Parts are specific to Infiniti, but there are aftermarket versions if you need to save a few bucks 




 my biggest gripe was that I would totally clear out a room, searching every inch of it making sure it's clear....but NOOOO, the monster behind the wall wouldn't come out until AFTER I go down the hall and it pops out behind me.   




 Main parts of the car are all but bulletproof if you keep up on the fluids and filter maintenance. 

Some have reported odd minor electrical stuff.  Apparently the 6MT's have an issue with the clutch slave cylinder, but that's all I know of.  Other than that, they are really good reliable cars.  I've had mine for 4 years and just the clutch thing has gone wrong. 




 Actually, it's called neural adaptation.  You nose doesn't smell anything.  Your brain does. 




 In hotels, the more you pay, the less you get.

$80-$110 is the sweet spot where you get a decent room, free hot breakfast and free WiFi 




 This happened to me recently.  What it was for me was an app that I installed that called for the location via GPS every so often.  The GPS call used the play services, so that is what was reported as using the battery instead of the app that made the call.


Find when this started, then find what app you installed around then and uninstall it 




 Wildstar? 




 Nothing here either. 




 And I thought move had low miles with 66k.  That's pretty good 




 Here's why I'm guessing.  Nationally, traffic is going to be heavier in the afternoons no matter what.  Not everyone goes to work at the same time.  However, more people do things in the afternoons than mornings.  You errands that you have to do, the activities you want to do, etc.  So that adds more cars.

Now think of how I-5S is laid out.  We'll address it in 2 sections.  North of Northgate and South of Northgate.  

South of Northgate you have 45th, 65th, 80th, Northgate streets are basically the only places you can get on I-5S if you want to go into the city.  Plus 522 feeds into I-5 in between 80th and 65th.  So these 5 spots serve all of NE Seattle, Lake City, Greenlake, Wallingford, UW, Northgate, etc.  So more people are going to travel to the city in the evening (sporting games, nightlife, etc) and I-5 before 45th is really the only option for those people to take to get across the water.  This means there is always more people getting on I-5 than getting off until after 45th.  So the 3 lanes possible fill up to capacity very fast, causing a chain slowdown from people merging from the on ramps.  This gets worse and worse on north. 

Now think about all the people that live north of Northgate that are also going to the city (or coming home from Boeing in Everett and other places).  North of Northgate I-5 is 4 lanes + HOV lane.  At Northgate, the HOV ends and becomes I-5 Express, but that's only in the morning, so you are losing one lane.  Then the far right lane turns into an Exit Only lane, so you go from 5 to 3 lanes just south of Northgate.  So that bottleneck starts the backup from there on north.  Most days this is where the traffic really starts to crawl.  However like today, there was both a really big demand on both sections of I-5 and that's why it was slow for 10+ miles.  Remember, this happened with NO ADVERSE WEATHER OR ACCIDENTS!.  Add a wreck into that mix and you have a 2h commute from Everett to Seattle...at 3pm.

Thursday I was headed to the financial district from Lynnwood at 5pm.  My gps told me to exit i-5 at shoreline, cross over to greenwood, take greenwood to holman then holman turns into 15th and take that all the way down to elliot and take that into downtown.  It said it was 15 min faster.  I'd love to see, just as an experiment, to keep the I-5 express open southbound only all day.  Would it alleviate the SB traffic more than hinder the NB?  Like, would it cut 20 min of SB traffic, but only add 10 min to the NB? 




 Better than rusting from the inside out. 




 Oregon uses the cinders from the volcanic areas around there.  Works really well for the cars, not so much for the roads.  But that's in combination with the studs and chains 




  G37 coupes have 330 horsepower, S or no S. IPL trim will have the 348 HP engine, but with negligible (.1) increase in 0-60 mph time at best, with most magazines quoting no increase in acceleration.

I said they are 333hp.  I'm sure being 3 off isn't that wrong.

 All the Infiniti G models are based on the FM platform. Maxima is based on the FWD platform, totally different cars. 

While I'm sure you are technically correct (the best kind).  There is definitely something similar between them.  If you look at the interior of a maxima, then the interior of the sedan, you can see why I say what it's based on.  I'm not saying it uses the same chassis, but when they designed it, they said, "that worked, lets go from there".  Same thing with the coupe and a Z.  The interiors are very similar, but with an added back seat.  I'll revise my statement to say they are "inspired" by them.

 he sedan is actually lighter than the coupe by 50? or so pounds, but sedan has a slightly softer suspension. Once tuned to the same suspension and using the same wheels as the coupe (for sedan, wheels are 17 or 18 inches, while for coupe, wheels are 18 or 19 inches), the sedan will be more sporty due to its lighter weight.

Just like the 330 vs 348 hp, 50lbs isn't going to make that much of a difference.  I have driven, in a track environment, a 350z and my G37s.  I have also put thousands of miles in a G35xS sedan and a few in a 370z.   I can tell you unequivocally that sport coupe is a FAR better drivers car, which is why I recommended it over the sedan.  The sedan is a decent performance car for sure, but I wouldn't call it a drivers car.  It has mainly to do with the transmission I'd bet.  I've not seen a sedan with the 6MT, let alone driven one.  I'd like to find one and go do some laps to see if I can tell the difference.

 As for the X looking off, here's a comparison of the post-refresh G37 coupes, journey and X. Tell me that you can tell a difference between them, other than the X on the back.

Yup, sure can.  It's the wheel well arches.  The way the X sits, it looks just ever so higher than the RWD because there is more gap in the wheel wells with the factory tires.  The stance of the RWD is just right, and the x looks like it has been lifted .5-1 in.   It might be more noticeable to me since I have seen my coupe every day for years. 




 The issue actually comes from the hospital's chargemaster.  It's an arbitrary list of all things that a hospital can do and how much that costs. 

THIS is where the insurance companies are starting the negotiations from.  Hospitals know this, and have been artificially inflating the prices of everything so that they get what they want from the insurance companies.  Kind of like a store marking up products a bunch just to then say, "EVERYTHING 30% OFF!!, WHAT A DEAL! FEEL FORTUNATE THAT YOU ARE GETTING SUCH A GOOD PRICE".  

This is where the hospitals claim that they are taking big losses from Medicare/Medicaid.  Because Medicare/Medicaid is paying what things SHOULD cost based on tons of research.  When the govt. is paying only 20% of what the chargemaster says, the hospital claims that they are losing money on it.  It should read that they are losing PROFIT from it.  There is still a profit margin built in to Medicare/Medicaid, but it's not what hospitals are used to. 

This is how uninsured people get double screwed.  If you don't have insurance, then you are billed what ever the chargemaster price is for that service.  A price that is by design, way too high and never intended for anyone to actually pay.

If you have some time, read [A Bitter Pill](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=1 ved=0CB8QFjAA url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Ffaculty%2Fstory%2F2311%2FMisc%2F2013%2C2%2C26%2CMedicalCostsDemandAndGreed.pdf ei=Kmp2Ve2RFIfqoAS01KHABA usg=AFQjCNFxCmH0gVmFVmQWkQNWZgcfsR1jYA sig2=d6dq0-ijHYCe1CbqzRdZEw) it will explain all of this in greater detail. 




 I couldn't bargain hunt even when I had plenty of time. 

I tweaked my knee and need minor surgery to fix it.  I didn't have insurance at the time (end of 2013).  So I went in to get a diagnostic to tell me what was needed to get it fixed.  The doctor told me what he needed to do and how to schedule it.

When I went to the station to schedule it I wanted to know how much it was going to cost.  She couldn't tell me.  She said it's going to be these 3 billing codes, plus the doctor fee, plus the anesthesiologist fee, plus the facility charge.  She had no idea, even to ball park, how much those fees would be.

I called all around and never got a straight answer about how much it was going to be.

Unless you have menu-like prices that are are easily accessed and transparent, then it's not a free market. 

All medical bills should come in a form of a "not to exceed" quote BEFORE anything happens.  That would make it more open to a "free market"  




 Even those classified as non-profit, still make tons of profit.

You should read [The Bitter Pill](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=1 ved=0CB8QFjAA url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Ffaculty%2Fstory%2F2311%2FMisc%2F2013%2C2%2C26%2CMedicalCostsDemandAndGreed.pdf ei=Kmp2Ve2RFIfqoAS01KHABA usg=AFQjCNFxCmH0gVmFVmQWkQNWZgcfsR1jYA sig2=d6dq0-ijHYCe1CbqzRdZEw) a 42 page article that really addresses the problems with Healthcare in its current state. 




 There's even a little distortion on cash's version too. Not a whole lot, but you can tell it's there. 




 It's all about what you want in a car.  Are you looking for a proper drivers car?  Get an 08+ G37S coupe 6MT.  It's 333 hp, handles like a 370Z and has options for all the luxury items (nav, backup camera, etc).

If you want a more family frendly practical car, you can get the sedan.  It's based more on the Maxima than the Z, so it doesn't handle as well, but it has a much larger trunk, 4 doors and more room in the cabin.  Same features are available on it as the coupe.

If you live where it snows, then you can get the X models of either, the only major issue for me is there is no manual transmission available with the AWD models.  On the coupes, the X looks....off.  Something about it just doesn't seem to look as good as the RWD ones.  I can spot an X a mile away. 




 I like the blue oyster cult cover via iPad a bit better.  Needs more cowbell. 




 My wife is going through a boot camp for software development.  They have been hammering home that concept.  Apparently it's really really common  




 [Relevant penny arcade](http://art.penny-arcade.com/photos/i-NccB8SH/0/1050x10000/i-NccB8SH-1050x10000.jpg) 




 They are totally different songs even though it's the same lyrics and notes.

Trent was angst and despair.  Cash was sad and melancholy. 




 See my other response. I might have been a test store, but I interviewed people only after they had passed the test. 




 I went north to Lynnwood.  Brand new houses being built all over.  More shopping, more parking (free most of the time), all pretty close.  Down side is less trendy places (might be a good thing?), more commute times.  But it doesn't mean you can't go to Ballard, or Cap hill for a night out.  You won't do it as often, but it'll feel like a treat each time you do. 




 Barry/Jill = Top 10% earners, value time more than money.

Buzz = younger people that liked new tech (there were several variances)

Charlie/Helen = Empty nesters, not very techy, want a trusted source for help and advice.

Ray/Maria = Middle america, family time is most important, most likely to finance things.

This is still in my brain 10 years after I learned it.

 




 Yeah, well, it was a little different for the Mobile Managers. They were the only hourly "Manager"  We had similar responsibilities, except I didn't have keys to the store.  My $21/hr + (up to) 40% bonuses was $29.40/hr.  I was hitting bonuses most of the time, so I ended up around $55k/yr.  

The proper managers were salaried employees.  As such, they were scheduled for 11/hrs a day with 1 hour for lunch, so 50 hours a week.  When the holidays came around, they had to work 60 hours a week.  When you take their salary (around $60k) and divide it by the number of hours worked, it was around $22/hr.  These managers had bonusing potential, but in my particular store, it never happened.  It was based on the overall store numbers instead of just one department (like I did). 




 Everytime I've had a RAID 0 system on my computer, it has always ended in tears losing the array for one hardware/firmware issue after another. 

I just went with the WD Raptor line until SSD's were relatively affordable. 

FACE is a marvel of software design and was developed by primarily one guy.   I'm not sure how much he got paid, but it pales in comparison to how much he could have sold that on the open market. 




 Man, I HATED AJU when it was first rolled out.  My connection numbers were dismal.  I would fix it myself faster and better than they could.  90% of the time it was technology issues.  The AJU people were capable enough, but they would lose connections constantly and it would get stuck for a day/night and the next morning we'd have to fix it ourselves anyway.  AJU murdered my turn time. 




 It might have only been a short lived thing.  The DA's definitely had to take a test, but I hired a few people in my days as a supervisor (2006-2008).  All of them had to pass the test before I interviewed them for a CIA spot.  It was implemented a year or so after I was hired.  Maybe it never took, and I was a test store. 




 I was classified as a Barry-5 back in the day. I'm still a "My Best Buy Premier elite" member.

I knew the in's and outs of the PSP and presented to the management the situation and the solution, so they just approved it. 




 GS sup from 2005-2008.  Slowest computer?  I think it was a PII 450mhz.  I just sold him a new computer and transferred the little data he wanted. :

There were always hardware failures that we couldn't "Fix" because we couldn't/didn't have the parts to replace.  Most of the time if it got to that point, the labor was almost the cost of a new computer, so we just sold a new computer then.

I was lucky that at that time, there was me and one other guy with tons of experience with computers in our department.  This was before they had centralized computer repair facilities or internet based repairs.  If I couldn't figure out the issue, he could.  If he couldn't fix it, I could.  We taught the rest of the crew as best we could, but we couldn't teach things they never saw before until it was presented to them.  Not a lot of substitution for experience in the tech world.  Especially when you are dealing with the massive variability in customers computers.

Now-a-days, everything is just a google away.  But pre Vista, knowing DOS commands and how to mount OS' from CD to clean up system file hijacking processes weren't taught to GS, you had to know. 




 I'm sure it would make a good youtube "prank" vid. 




 right..that's why I said pseudo.  It wasn't any CompTIA thing at all, but since I took both, they were similar. 




 That's standard for any software developer.  It's a legal thing.  I've seen threads around here that explain it more than I'm willing to right now. 




 They do that for all employees now?  They used to only have that for BBYM staff.  




 I was the Geek Squad Supervisor going for the Assistant Manager spot when season 1 aired. It was oddly similar to my life at the time...minus the hot chick and spy email that downloads things to my brain. 




 If you expect that something is overpriced and you can wait and get a better deal elsewhere, do it.  No one is forcing you to buy it.  They are just presenting you with the option for instant gratification. 




 Yeah, I made an Ultimate Boot CD for us at our own precinct.  




 I was basically Chuck when Chuck first aired, minus the email.

I was the supervisor of Geek Squad, going for an Assistant Manager position. 

Oddly accurate at that time of my life.

So... question 1: no

q2: nope, I wanted to get to management and be the district services manager.

Q3: yes, they always have

Q4: what a geek would normally do.  Video games, movies, avoid social interactions, etc. 




 You don't need much as far as proper schooling goes.  You used to have to pass a pseudo A+ test to qualify.  




 man, I was SOOO bummed when the Caturday thread go autodeleted because no one posted there for 14 days. 

OT was the best section 




 Anyone that knows how to get a linux box up and running wouldn't have to bring it to Geek Squad.

The only time I worked on one in the 2.5 years I was in that department was when my step-brother bought a $100 laptop that had Red Hat installed and couldn't figure out how to work it. 




 You are basically paying a deductible, similar to any insurance sold anywhere else.  It's shitty, but if you didn't know what you are doing, $150 deductible + monthly  charge is usually better than a $500-$600 for a brand new phone. 




 I actually got my supervisor spot because of that very thing back in 2006.  Data privacy wasn't as strict as it is now.  The supervisor at the time was caught by a female returns employee going through a computer and had opened up some porn on the computer.  This lead to an investigation where he had transferred some files of a customer to a personal flash drive.

There were several other stories from other stores around the country that got to the media and that's when they started implementing all the super strict data protection policies.  




 Turn over is an issue with all retail employees.  They don't pay amazing when you are just a sales guy, but if you can get into middle management, then it's a decent living.  Getting there is tough though.  Most of the sales staff are kids going to school or didn't finish school so this is the best job they can get.  Once out of college, they go and get a real job.

As far as the sales staff, they have online based training that they have to go through.  However, it's mostly process based (how to clock in, how to order something for a customer, how to run the register) then they get a separate section of training that is specific to their department.  It's not updated as often as the technology changes, so keeping up with the new things that come in, why they are good, and who would benefit from them is learned day to day from other, more experienced people.  The really good sales people have a passion for the stuff they are selling and have done the research on their own time before it shows up and are excited to see it/play with it.

You must have talked with the former instead of the latter. 




 "Overpriced and unnecessary services" to you perhaps.

The price of the complete solution in one stop is worth more than scrounging around the internet looking for the best deal on whatever it is I want.  You don't sell out of your own pocket.  If I came in to buy an entire home theater, you best sell me everything I need so I don't have to come back or worry about the installation.

The services are even more valuable to those without the skill set to do it themselves.  I've purchased around $50000 worth of stuff from Best Buy in the last 10 years and I'll get the service plans on the big items, especially the damage (ADH) ones.  I've only not used it about 20% of the time.  80% of the time I've utilized the PSP/ADH and got my money's worth at least and came out ahead more often than not.  




 In 2005-2008 they had the "Advanced Diagnostic and Repair".  It was $199.  EVERY computer that wouldn't turn on or we couldn't figure out/fix in 5 min was sold this.  If it didn't make it past the initial diagnostics (like bad HDD), the $199 was refunded/applied to a new computer - the $59 diagnostic.  

They measured how many ADRs, diags, hardware installs along with your average turn around time.  You wanted high ADRs, low diags and low turn time.

PSP's weren't really measured at GS directly because if you were in the computer section, you were absolutely supposed to offer them, but it went to the computer dept numbers. 




 Yeah, MRI 5.0+ had FACE. 




 I was an agent right when Geek Squad was integrated with Best Buy in 2005.  It was silly how much freeware we used to remove viruses. 

When FACE (Facilitate Accuracy, Consistency, and Efficiency)  was rolled out, I was really impressed with the software. We called it Forget About Computer Expertise because it was designed for a monkey to pop in a cd, boot up and hit a few buttons and walk away.   




 The starting pay depends on your area.  Best Buy has pay grades assigned to every position and a national average range for each grade.  A Geek Squad counter agent was grade 5.  Then it factors to your location.  Bend, OR was +10% of average.  Lynnwood, Wa was +25% (the highest possible).  So if the grade 5 position was $11/hr average, then the WA store would start at $13.75.

I started at $13.50 because I asked for $15 back in 2005.  I got to $21 + bonuses (ended up ~$55k/yr) when I was a BBYM manager.  So it wasn't terrible money, but it didn't make me rich. 




 I started full-time at $13.50 and was up to $18 before moving departments. So it wasn't bad, but I wasn't rolling in dough. 




 ---former Geek Squad Supervisor (2006-2010).  You used to have to pass a pseudo-A+ exam to be an agent in the stores.  A harder one for the in home guy.  




 Got those two chronologically mixed up. 




 Wasn't that his big break out role? 




 I had a guy that was training me at Geek Squad.  We were opening a new store so the Senior tech from the closest city came in to train all of us.  There were like 6 of us.

For 2 days he had been showing us where the customer file folders were going for each stage of repair and record keeping.  Since Geek Squad takes a page out of NASA, the folders were called dossiers. 

For 2 days he kept saying, "You take the customer's paperwork, and you put it in the dozer."  Remember, he was the top guy at this other store, so I'm not sure how long he'd worked there, with who knows how many other people.  No one had corrected him.   I finally had to stop and correct him when I couldn't take it any more.

Dossier = DOS-e-a 




 So, he's just cosplaying himself since he was the voice of that character in the 2nd one? 




 It depends on how you wash them.  If you pour liquid detergent directly on them while in an older, non front loading unit, then you will see "stains" of glowing sections of where you poured it.  If you use liquid soap on a modern unit, all the jeans will glow just a little bit.  I don't think it works with powdered soap.

I remember going to a club after just washing my jeans in the old style washer and it looked like I had a massive cum stain all down the front of my pants under the black light.  Never poured the soap in last again. 




 ITT: ALL OF THEM 




 Seems like the blues guitar equivalent of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbZ1BaNxAoc)
(but [she](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zendee_Rose_Tenerefe) got signed to Warner Music Philippines because of it)  




 I was completely prepared for bits of deer that had replaced the outer panels of car along the entire passenger side. 









 Needs something like [this](http://gfycat.com/VastEnergeticDiamondbackrattlesnake) 




 Over...almost.  I can't type. Oh well.  It's 1.8M miles and averaging ~10000/wk.

Can't wait until all commuter traffic are these things and I can have my sports car to have fun in without being worried someone will plow into it. 









 Very similar to mine, but in a sedan. 




 There was some strategic driving.  I was going closer to 80 when I saw it. I was trying to avoid it all together, but there was a good deal of luck to contact how it did 




 I had 2 10" Boston G2 subs in a standard square box from my previous car, along with a 1000w @ 1 ohm mono block amp.

I paid them $800 for the enclosure + installation of sub and the installation of the amp. Since these are dual voice coil subs, they are wired @ 2 ohm so the amp is at 500w now (still plenty).

In my '08 coupe with the Bose system, I'm not sure 100% sure there even was a sub to remove.  It's not there now if it was.  




 I think it's illegal as well. 




 I hit a deer at 50mph in a 350z.  It was my step dads.  I thought I had tons of damage, but it seemed to drive fine, so I kept going.  Didn't stop to evaluate anything and I could see in the rear view that the deer was totally dead.

When I got to my friends house, I thought he was messing with me when he said, "I thought you said you hit something?".  I get out.  The only damage was a missing sideview mirror, a smashed corner of the windshield, and a scrape on the passenger window.  That's it.

I had managed to time it just so that he jumped, stuck his neck out and his head (it had small horns) hit the window and his neck hit the A pillar. That spun him around taking out the mirror and a hoof caught the window just barely.  It was only a few hundred is repairs. 




 Here's the post I did about it after I got it. http://www.reddit.com/r/infiniti/comments/2p272t/stillen_catback_exhaust_first_impressions/

Now after having it 5 months, it hasn't seemed to "break in" at all. Still sounds the same.  There is still no drone, however I've heard that the 7AT will have a drone to it at hwy speeds, so be ready for that since you can't get a manual and AWD in the same car (which is lame)
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw41sSRZ4mU this is my comparison from stock to the Stillen exhaust that I got.  After literally years of going over exhaust choices, I'm glad I got this one. 




 OEM...like Original Equipment?  The one the car has?  I don't understand the question. 




 I took mine to a shop and they did [this](http://i.imgur.com/NU2dsRZ.jpg)

It still has the factory everything and the amp for this is under the spare panel on the opposite side of the sub.  This worked well because the optimum space for that 10" is .5 cu ft.  So they fiberglassed it to fit the little nook behind the wheel well arch which was just about that space.  

It looks like it came from the factory and still have use of my trunk.  It sounds really good. Not over bearing. 

Since you have the sedan, you have a lot more room to work with, but if you still want use of the trunk, this might be a good starting point. 




 Best looking, sounding, handling, accelerating car with a excellent interior and decent practically all for under $20k.

I don't think there is a better car for the money. 




 How do you get to Carnegie Hall? 




 http://puu.sh/iboWJ/6707c653c6.jpg

Looks like I'll be going to sea to watch this show. 




 My charging cord was DOA.  Try a different charger just in case? 




 Hell of a repost then.  




 earthlink.net is still a thing?  Wow 




 I'm in the suburbs.  It's nice.  Store fronts have parking. Everything is pretty close to me.  Going to ballard or cap hill is "going out", so it's an adventure, not the norm. 




 Some seem to be just trying to hard to be different.  That or the original song I didn't like in the first place.

Me and my wife just hit play on their channel one night and it was getting to the point where we just had enough after like 45 min.  Some of their songs are good.  But the concept in general is only good in doses for me. 




 They are hit and miss for me.   




