 You said daughter, so I'm going to ask, but the child that dies in Mad Max, named Sprog (or, at least that's what they call the child) is a boy, not a girl. So why all the girl visions? That was the only thing I didn't get, but I chalked it up to Max having a long line of adventures where we couldn't save people that we haven't seen. I mean, The Road Warrior, Thunderdome, and Fury Road could all fit into about a month's worth of time so obviously there's a lot of surviving going on that we don't see. 




 When I went to summer camp my counselor woke us up by playing [Too Short, "Life Is... Too Short"](https://youtu.be/_kMc6ELFM1U) 




 My daughter is in Florida for a week with my wife at Grandma's while I'm stuck back at home. I can't imagine. Thanks for your service, be safe out there. 




 The first thing I've seen from Destiny that I liked.  




 Was worried this might be about Sjaak and his R1, I thought he was somewhere up there recently. 




 It's going to be tough. This application is for Android, so it's written in Java, not something native to just dropping into or calling from LabVIEW. Although, sifting through the source code may give you some insight on how to connect to the device and query it for the proper info. 




 [(The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy brown dog.)](http://typedrummer.com/tcv3m3) 




 How much of a pain would this helmet be for someone that wears glasses? I'm due for a new lid and have been wanting something different. 




 Used roller on top of MDF. Sanded first, than tack cloth, than two coats of primer with sanding in-between starting at 100 and working up to 800, than two coats of paint, sanding between them. Yeah, it's smooth. 




 Or is there something I'm missing here? If an earthquake (like in Nepal) is caused by one plate slipping underneath another, that means the whole plate moved. What happened to all the other stuff sitting on top of that plate, especially at the other side of the plate where it meets another plate.

Edit: Thanks for the answers, this makes sense to me. 




 Video? Code? Write-Up? Circuit Diagram? Sounds cool, but just a picture? 




 Thanks, I was pretty close to justifying skipping it because I had done so much hiking. Decided not to make excuses and just go. 




 GT is GOATRper, so you know, raping goats? 




 Yeah, we started at Muir, not out at Mill Valley, so it was straight up, but early, so still pretty fogged over. We hiked all the way up to that view point that you can drive to, which is just over 3 miles from the Muir parking lot. 




 Had my cousin in town this weekend and a couple of friends from back in Kansas. They wanted to see the sights, so 5 mile hike in the Marin headlands on Saturday morning, another 6 that afternoon on the Dipsea. 12 on Mt. Diablo on Sunday, plus assorted running around etc... I threw my diet out of the window, kept within my calories, but most of them were imbibed in the form of fermented barley water. Needless to say, I was more than a little sore.

But this morning I still woke up at 5, dropped my cousin off at the airport and dragged my ass into the gym. Put up the weights I was supposed to be doing and lifted them. My body wasn't happy with me and complained the whole time, but I didn't care. I did it and I feel better because of it. 




 Had my cousin in town this weekend and a couple of friends from back in Kansas. They wanted to see the sights, so 5 mile hike in the Marin headlands on Saturday morning, another 6 that afternoon on the Dipsea. 12 on Mt. Diablo on Sunday, plus assorted running around etc... I threw my diet out of the window, kept within my calories, but most of them were imbibed in the form of fermented barley water. Needless to say, I was more than a little sore.

But this morning I still woke up at 5, dropped my cousin off at the airport and dragged my ass into the gym. Put up the weights I was supposed to be doing and lifted them. My body wasn't happy with me and complained the whole time, but I didn't care. I did it and I feel better because of it. 




 Alamere Falls, if you don't mind a little hike with your picnic. 




 I spent the last 24 hours shooting my boss in the balls on Sniper Elite since I heard this was a thing in /r/gaming yesterday. I've now officially run out of things to do on my XBox. 




 I think the bike looks marvelous, and I did get a chance to ride a friends and it was awesome. I just can't look at the head-on without wondering what they were thinking. Put two BMW's side-by-side and it makes me giggle even more. 




 Weird, I didn't even notice this. I left work early and went home to shoot my boss in the balls on Sniper Elite, no problems at all for me. 




 Who is designing the headlights over at BMW? 




 At least you gassed through it this time. You've been practicing.  




 I subscribed just for the way you pronounce oregano. Pizza looks good too. 




 Okay, grill preheated, now how hot do I set my oven? 




 Is it normal for 3 year olds to wear diapers? (serious question) We're at 19 months and working on potty training now. 




 Let's not forget that horrible fucking show Caillou where Daddy is either just getting in from a run or just going out for one. Thank goodness his Mommy is there to fix all his problems. 




 Thank god. I was just saying to my wife last night when some stupid Dad commercial came on Sprout (that stupid fucking baby rocker that you control with your iPhone) that I was getting pretty sick of this shit. I work just as hard as she does and deal with the same issues, why am I reduced to being the bumbling sidekick? 




 Well now I have to go get my beard trimmed so I can find out what happened. 




 This sucks, I go to Al's all the time for either a straight razor or just a beard trim. This guy is the greatest, I hope that they're right and he can handle himself and just got a little lost. 




 Haven't found a bike that didn't like it yet. Done it on sport-bikes, sport tourings, my BMW GS's, my dirt bikes. Never killed a transmission, so, I'm guessing it's safe. 




 3edgy5me 




 Upshifting? Go full throttle, quickly roll off the throttle at shift point, no clutch, press firmly up on the gear selector, back to full throttle. One smooth motion.  




 Funny you mention it, we actually MP a bit, so maybe I can convince him to take the rest of the day off too and I can go home AND shoot him in the balls. Win win win. 




 Holy shit, I've never shot someone in the balls. I'm going to tell my boss right now that I'm leaving early to go home and shoot someone in the balls. 




 Yep, very surprising commute on the motorcycle in from Novato this morning. Left the house as the sun was rising on a beautiful promising to be sunny day, went downhill since crossing the Richmond bridge. Can't wait to get home.  




 My hope is that they build on the already proven parkour concept of Titanfall and add to it. Yes, I know, different companies and engines. There were just so many times in TF that I felt like this would be awesome if it was Mirror's Edge. 




 Dude, this is awesome. What's the hardware involved in this? 




 So, are you saying I should keep my job but sell my house and live on the street so we can all help this guy realize his dream of homeless programmers? 




 What about piezo feedback in the bindings or boots. Buzz the foot that you need to take weight off of. No more looking down. 




 That face weight loss though. Nice. Looking good, keep it up. 




 This weekend was pretty rough. My wife wanted to plant sunchokes, cauliflower, and some spinach which meant more underground planters (to thwart the gophers). So, three, 3' by 5' by 20 inches deep holes later I cut some wood for the planter sides, put down some chicken wire and filled the holes back in. Of course, this is in the sunniest part of the yard, and luckily the sun decided to break through the fog this weekend in the north bay, so that sucked. 

Later that day, since I have some friends visiting we decided to go hit a new trail that I'd heard of but hadn't done yet in west Marin. It was a little tougher than I expected. Couple mile hike each way with some non-trivial climbing (not horrible, but not a walk in the park either) to get to the bottom part of the waterfall. Again, the usual cool and foggy coast decided to be sunny and beautiful on Saturday. Crank up the heat.

Sunday was full of walking around the city with same friends, and if you've ever walked around San Francisco you know our hills are no joke. Tally up a couple hours of that nonsense. So, yeah, by the end of the weekend my legs were pretty toast. 

I still woke up this morning and dragged my ass into the gym. I did my Stronglifts and even threw another 5 pounds on my squats like I'm supposed to. That puts me 5 pounds away from 200 pound squats. Pretty impressive since I struggled with just the 45 pound bar 3 months ago. So yeah fat, suck it. 




 This weekend was pretty rough. My wife wanted to plant sunchokes, cauliflower, and some spinach which means more underground planters (to thwart the gophers). So, three 3' by 5' by 20 inches deep holes later I cut some wood and filled the holes back in. Of course, this is in the sunniest part of the yard, and luckily the sun decided to break through the fog this weekend in the north bay, so that sucked. Later that day, since I have some friends visiting we decided to go hit a new trail that I'd heard of but hadn't done yet in west Marin. It was a little tougher than I expected. Couple mile hike each way with some non-trivial climbing (not horrible, but not a walk in the park either) to get to the bottom part of the waterfall. Sunday was full of walking around the city with same friends, and if you've ever walked around San Francisco you know our hills are no joke. So, yeah, by the end of the weekend my legs were pretty toast. I still woke up this morning and dragged my ass into the gym. I did my Stronglifts and even through another 5 pounds on my squats like I'm supposed to. So yeah fat, suck it. 




 Summer girls, summer not. 




 Fuck, what if every account on reddit is a bot except me. 




 I don't know why the downvotes, this is exactly right. I've spoken with numerous engineers that have used it, including our SolidWorks supplier at work who is working with MS to develop Hololens SolidWorks integration and all of them have said that this is going to change the way interaction with your computer takes place. These aren't sales people trying to convince me to use the product, these are other engineers doing the same stuff I'm doing, using development versions of the hololens. 




 So... Target fixation???

Ha, just kidding. Next time, just remember to gas it when you get into trouble. Works every time. 




 But I think that's the point. You can't stream a game AND watch Netflix at the same time. Whatever you're streaming is the same thing that's on the XBox. So if people are watching Netflix on it, you can't stream a game to your PC. If it does work that way, I'll shut my mouth.  




 Why would you stream to your computer if it was really just mirroring the XBox system? Not being a naysayer, I'm really questioning what this is good for? I understood how cool it was if you could do something on the XBox and something different on the stream, but this just seems like a way for people to stream to a laptop while the take a poop, but that's what Reddit is for. 




 Is that Vampire Bill? 




 18 months here. Glorious, peaceful sleep. Don't worry. It will pass, besides, every single time she smiles at me it's so worth it all. 




 Cheeky bastard. 




 Checked your post history for a second can't tell if boy or girl. Don't care, I'm going for it...

I've always got a couple of inches to give...

Hmm... awkward. 




 [In metric for you](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSJUGxezV0R2P-KXwa0oBnEj_O1yB83LKKtTyDjULXnLiAlwyJuNg). 




 Caught one of those giant Kansas grasshoppers in the throat once. Required pulling over for a minute to regain my composure and catch my breath. 




 I know there's been some mention of using LabVIEW to interface with the Arduino platform. In line with that, here's another tool for using LabVIEW with an Arduino. This actually compiles LabVIEW code into Arduino code and deploys it. I haven't used it, but it seems like it's making a big buzz on the LabVIEW forums so I thought I'd mention it here. 









 Seriously. Why does it take as long as it does. Is it literally going out and downloading it's entire library every time it opens? 




 So is this the approximate power of the fully functional Death Star? 




 Also the speed of the rear wheel will help speed up or slow down the overall flip. There's a lot of 'control' in flipping a bike over. 




 That was a fun fact, but not really inline with your username. 




 Some days I need a break so I add 15 miles to my commute and shoot up Niles Canyon to 680. That's hit or miss. Thanks for the background though. I think the responses here have hit on the biggest points, and unfortunately it sounds like there's no "fixing" it. 




 Are you going in to get him every time her cries? Don't. Sleep training is tough. I've heard stories varying from "I did x, y, z and no problems", to I had to let her cry for 8 hours straight for an entire week. But, in the end, it works. Get your baby on a schedule. Dinner, bath, bottle, pajamas, story, one last diaper and than bed. Than, kiss them, tell them you love them, close the door, and let them figure out how to sleep. It's tough. It will suck. You will want to give up (your wife will really want to give up). You will be much happier once it's done.  




 There's a billion of these. I had three different ones installed on my phone. Turns out none of it mattered, these silly babies make their own schedules and pretty do whatever the hell they want to. 




 I live in Marin and work in Fremont. My commute home, regardless of whether I leave work at 11:00AM or 7:00PM or anytime in between is horrible. Why is this highway so ridiculously bad? It seems like even if there's not an accident there's a back up at least once along the way where we just sit there for 15 minutes going 5 mph. 

I ride the motorcycle most of the time, so it's not as bad for me. But the days I drive really, really suck. 




 What is DDP yoga? Like, Diamond Dallas Page, DDP? 




 Sorry to hear it man. That sucks. All I can say is keep your head up and remember that no matter how shitty it seems to you, your son will never remember even an ounce of it. So if it gets too much, keep in mind that it's okay to put him in a safe place (like the crib) and let him cry while you and your wife take a time out. Also, I can tell you from experience that eventually you'll be so tired that you just sleep through the screaming. 




 LabVIEW Home is kind of a test subject for NI. If all goes well LabVIEW will be a free IDE in late 2016, the toolkits and add-ons will still cost money, but the development environment and executable compiler will be free. Not open source, but as close as you'll ever get with NI. 




 Check out Nick Ienetsch's article [The Pace 2.0](http://www.cycleworld.com/2013/09/16/become-a-better-street-rider-with-the-pace-motorcycle-safety-and-riding-skills/). If you like it, you can get deeper into most of the topics addressed in it in his book, [Sport Riding Techniques](http://www.amazon.com/Sport-Riding-Techniques-Develop-Confidence/dp/1893618072). 




 What about a quick perusal of Nick Ienetsch's article, [The Pace 2.0](http://www.cycleworld.com/2013/09/16/become-a-better-street-rider-with-the-pace-motorcycle-safety-and-riding-skills/)?  




 The north end of Muir beach. Not exclusively men, but exclusively people that don't shave, if that's your thing. 




 Gives me a headache to look at? 




 It feels good doesn't it. Now you can stop worrying about getting your knee down and go faster. 

Edit: This was meant light-hearted, not saying that you're not trying to go fast, or just that you're out there trying to get your knee down. The first time I got my knee down it was like a weight had been lifted and I could stop thinking about when it was gonna happen. The next session after I got my knee down I dropped two seconds off my lap. 




 I've seen elephant seals mate out at Point Reyes. It is the most violent act of congress I've ever seen in my entire life. This girl would not survive. Hell, sometimes the pups don't survive if they get caught between a male and his mate. 




 You lost me. What do you mean counter flowing? 




 There's talk of them in the hills on the west side of Novato, been warnings about being careful early and late. We have chickens and some of our friends with chickens that live a little west of us (we're at Hill and Diablo) have lost some to Mountain Lions, so they're apparently pretty active in Marin at the moment. Obviously not directly relevant to Pleasanton, just saying. 




 I thought it was made legal last week? Just be careful guys. You all go out there and crash it up and they're going to take your nice things away. When I can get from the Bay to Seattle without worrying about traffic, I'll be happy. 




 Married? Not anymore. 




 Yeah, I pared it down to about 300, mostly shooters and fighting games. I may ditch the category list and just have the main list with the alpha characters pop-out, a recently played list, and a favorites list. I like the idea of a single list on the side though. 




 Or to go see Avengers, whatever. 




 Can I have my two minutes back. Holy fuck this may have been the worst recorded video in the history of mankind. 




 Is that the house from Fight Club? 




 I need to wash my bike. 




 Thanks, I'm writing in LabVIEW of all things. The back-end stuff (like launching the games, reading their info, etc...) is all C to interact with the command line, but the front end UI is 100% LabVIEW. 




 I thought about the control panel stuff, but it already looks a little crowded for my taste. I'm thinking of making the cabinet graphic, as well as the marquee and sample screen sizes smaller. If that looks better, than maybe adding a control panel graphic below it. I originally had the listing be a grid of flyers, but that was way too crazy looking for my taste. I'm all about simple I guess. 




 Agreed, as I mentioned in another reply, I cut a lot of corners to get something working with my hardware set, my folder structure, etc... I really hadn't thought about other people liking it enough to want to use it. I guess if there's enough people that like the finished product, I could generalize some of it and put some settings in there (like font style, size, etc...) to make it more consumable by the MAME society. 




 I might consider generalizing some stuff to make it run on someone else's computer, if people like it enough. For now I cut a lot of corners on the setup knowing I had control of where everything was in folders and what games I was putting on it, what monitor I was using, etc... I honestly did it because I felt like the effort I put in to writing my own front end was probably similar to the effort required to get Hyperspin or MaLa up and going. I didn't really think anyone would like it enough to want to use it. 




 I'm starting to flesh out the front end that I decided to write from scratch. Take look and give me your opinions. I wanted to go for a Windows 8.1 or 10 app look. It's going to run as a shell on top of a Windows 7 machine and will eventually incorporate some entertainment stuff as well (music, etc...)  









 I absolutely love splitting behind CHP officers. Those guys are the best.  




 Almost is the key word. I was working on a project once where we let some of the magic smoke out of a resistor and got it to be the exact value that we were looking for. 

By mistake of course, I'm in no way claiming that the resistor was good after we did this or that I could've repeated the experiement with the same results. It just happened this way. 




 I'm half-tempted to buy it, just to see what's included and whether or not it can open my gargantuan AF project. 




 The Hyperspin crowd hates that HD guy, huh? I see their argument, seems like the guy is making money off of stuff that's available free of charge that other's have put together. Just seems like there's a lot of hate on multiple boards for that guy. 




 This is a very important part of it. Don't say the monsters under the bed don't exist. Acknowledge them. Than deal them a swift hand of justice. 




 We'll get one in 2016, Harris is running for Senate than. We could've had one last year but she ran basically unopposed. When election time comes around she touts up all the children she's saved and how, as a woman, she's fought to make places like Marin and Orange county safer places (these are already safe places, for those that don't know) so rich, white people like her. She's also a Tamil, Black, Asian-American woman, so she's got a lot of quota votes going for her. 




 Go up a size. Or... and I hate to recommend this... but going to cloth diapers fixed it for us. She still wears a disposable during the night since the cloth just can't handle that much pee. Still have to handle the shit though, unless you're using a cloth diaper service. 




 And our children. 




 That's typically done to indicate that there's more screen to explore above you. The screen stops scrolling when you hit the edge. Here's a spoiler, but about ten minutes into the game you learn to fly. 




 Good decision. That's the exact reason to do it, and great job on the success.  




  and let me tell you, I killed it.

FTFY 




 The best part about your before and after is that you don't look unpleasantly uncomfortable in your before. Heavy, yes, but you're smiling and you've obviously got some charm or charisma that helps make up for the weight. Despite that, you still lost the weight and look even more charismatic now. 




 WTF is an XJ6 and why won't you send me one? 




 Is she nursing? My wife and I had pretty much had no vaginal sex from birth to when she was done with nursing. Lack of lubrication and her being tighter than usual pretty much made it uncomfortable enough for her that we just gave up for a bit. 

Of course, there was always butt stuff. 




 Yes. Yes. Yes so many times. My daughter is 18 months and I let her do this whenever she wants. It's also around this time when it changes from you hugging them to them being able to hug you. I teared up the first time that happened.  




 Well, [this seems rather fitting](http://i.imgur.com/vCkEWI5.png).

From their website. 




 Dollar Tree. Pack of two for a buck. Not fancy, but do the job just fine. 




 That's awesome. Have fun with it. 




