 He already looks pretty proud and mighty to me! 




 Then it is a blank memory on 5th of July. 




 It's mine, I swear! 









 The food is the reason. 




 You feel stronger. More aggressive! 




 50s weren't exactly simple for everybody 




 A family that does molly together stays together 




 Welcome to Sunnyside folks 




 As soon as my master gets this picture and leaves to put it on the Internet, imma eat you cat! 




 this represents everything that's evil in our society 




 Try a cheesy gordita crunch and sub the taco shell for a doritos one. 




 The Binding of Isaac. 




 Yep. That's some nice looking yoga right there... 




 King Crimson is gonna be disappointed about the first two. 




 having fun before chemo...FUCK CANCER! 




 My grandmother did something similar a year or two ago. She bought an old book from a garage sale and found a confederate bill in one of the pages. Sold it for around a $1k if i remember correctly. 









 A little money goes a long way when you have smart spending habits. 




 She looks so concerned 




 Garfield comics were always my favorite growing up 




 An attractive person with a neat skill/craft 









 That's nice. 




 Talk to other drunk people. The best conversations come out when you're both sloshed and honest. 




 Best buy is 100% a store for people who don't internet 




 I had a dream when I was really little that worms took over the world (I have a phobia of bugs). Then a giant worm came out of my pool and ate everyone. After I woke up I was scared to come downstairs for a few days. 




 The newspaper chose not to name the site but explained it was contacted by women claiming their photographs were not only being shown without their permission but were also being offered up for downloading. 




 To this I read headline today which says... PM Modi ka haath, Lalit Modi ke saath :P 




 "You shouldn't try, you probably won't get it."

A girl once told me that in high school when I asked her if I should inquire about being captain for my school's ROV team. She wasn't even joking, that statement alone likely says more about her personality than anything else. Needless to say, it really lit a fire under my ass and I was captain for my last two years of high school. 

I remember her every time I wonder whether I should do something I'm unsure of. 




 Why is your nose shaped like that? 




 Good Luck!!! 









 I don't have an opinion any different from if you were to ask me what do you think of black people. They are all just people, who have diverse personalities. 




 NFL: Baseball 




 I was at work in Leeds. 




 Hmmm. That's a tough one! I can't say there is one proud moment that stands out above the rest. It's just all the little things that I've done that bring people a smile, a laugh or that make their lives easier somehow. I just love to hear people laugh! If I can make someone's day better, I just made myself proud. How 'bout you OP? What's your proudest moment? 




 I slipped on the wet floor in my friends bathroom and cracked my head open on the toilet and ended up unconscious. Which also meant I P S'd myself. Sigh. 




 I always say food poisoning. Its something thats typically gone in 24 hours and doesn't warrant you getting a doctors note. 




