









 Note there is absolutely no basis for the ban and that the organisation was wrongly excluded from the previous years' march. There's not the slightest indication of any homophobia or discrimination from CAFE. This is ban is 100% political, perhaps even more political than the UKIP ban in the UK. 







































 Remember, you can still rate them on Yelp and you can also rate and comment on 90+ youtube videos:

http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/joe-dimaggio-childrens-hospital-hollywood-2 









 When hospitals violate the human rights of children and intentional harms those they're supposed to protect then people are inevitably going to make their voices heard.

If the only concern is a few angry phone calls then I'd say the protesters are showing a huge amount of restraint and should be commended for remaining peaceful and conducting the protests in a lawful manner. 




 Surely the doctor wants arresting first? 


































 Chase's genital mutilation is scheduled for Thursday 11th June at Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital in Florida. I'm sure I don't need to explain the details of this case, but here's some background for those who are new to it: http://savingchase.org/news 

**Please help to protect Chase by letting the hospital know what they're doing is completely unethical, non consensual and constitutes severe child abuse.**

You can phone the hospital on 954-265-5324

Tweets should go to @JDCHospital and they've posted on their Facebook about the controversy, with the post currently open to replies

There will also be protests outside the hospital: 1005 Joe Dimaggio Drive http://intactnews.org/node/807/1433866992/dr-gary-birken-protest 

    
Please also share various articles about the case on Facebook, Reddit, Twitter: http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/news/breaking-news/reports-of-boys-looming-circumcision-cause-campaig/nmYwp/  














 To be fair, the number of deaths is pretty small when you consider the number of circumcisions carried out. Far more common are lesser complications from the surgery, such as infections and the loss of all or parts of the penis. You won't exactly hear a lot of guys talking about that either becasue it's not exactly something people will mention for fun is it? 




 The key men's rights info is found a long way down in the article. It reads as follows:

 Ethan, who was born in January 2012, has lived with his mother since his parents split up in February 2013. 

 Legal proceedings between his parents began a month later when Mr Williams applied for contact with Ethan.

 Magistrates ordered that he should have contact with Ethan in the presence of Ms Minnock from August 2013, but this broke down two months later.

 In January 2014 Ms Minnock made allegations against Mr Williams. These were all rejected by a district judge in April 2014.

 In February, a district judge found further allegations by Ms Minnock had been 'fabricated' to 'frustrate contact'.  














 It is still done today in certain parts of the world. 




 ok then, FGM 




 Child sacrifice used to be pretty common is some cultures/relgions, your arguments would fully support that too. 









 The victims are almost always babies. Obviously you won't haver met any of them becasue none lived for more than a few months, they dont' get to ever be your age. 




 Why are so many people so determined to mutilate, harm and sexually abuse young children and babies? 














 The following link will play every single video on the JDCH youtube channel:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpxqGrAIYDY list=UUAFZs5cx3bu-0hYHmBu1tsg

You can "dislike" a video then simply press "next" (the double arrow facing right) to skip to the next one. It takes about 5 minutes to dislike every single one of their videos!

Almost all videos have comments open too, so one you've finished with Facebook start commenting on their videos too. 




 It was made into a cream and Oprah smeared it all over her face 

(this is actually the most accurate answer you've had so far) 




 Great, unfortunately there are those out there whose penises do not work properly thanks to their circumcisions. Furthermore there are hundreds out there who don't get to even post about their circumcision complications on Reddit because they're now dead thanks to the surgery. 




 One parent is in favour of the genital mutilation and the other only "agreed" after being held in a prison cell and forced to "consent". As for the actual victim, he doesn't' consent to a knife being taken to his genitals either It's an absolutely outrageous case. 




 There aren't any personal/private contact details given. All it involves is contacting the hospital and an office, surely this is allowed? I've just noticed that someone made a similar post at r/intactivists.

Would the sticky be ok if we remove the doctor's email?

 




 It's traumatic at every age. 


































 Sorry but any article concerning gender issues that interviews someone as vile and dishonest as Michael Flood really is not credible. In terms of male feminists he really is the worst of the worst. 




 Cue the grammar activists. 




  Any person (man or woman) who is likely to abuse their partner will not change their behaviour because of a poster. 

I'd disagree in this particular case. You're correct that any poster which simply repeats messages already firmly embedded into the attitudes of society will have zero impact (e.g. "never hit a woman"). Violence against men, particularly by women, is seem as acceptable, deserved and even comedic. Therefore an innovative poster campaign that actually confronts problematic prevailing attitudes is actually of real value.

The posters may not be enough to stop most female abusers, but it may cause bystanders to say something o (or at least not applaud and laugh). 





































































 Because the blog adds extremely important insights about the author of the original report 









 Even if it did then it's totally legal. The BBC are required to be neutral so any such offences by them are a million times more significant than what any other broadcaster or newspaper does. Any request for a"follow up piece" is nonsensical due to the different ways the organisations are funded - if the BBC wants to be as bad as the papers then it needs to abolish the licence fee first. 



















 That seems like a pretty ageist statement. Clearly young men are hugely impacted by sexism in society, though there's a hell of a lot of issues for older men to face too. Young men generally don't have kids (or at least haven't' been through a terrible divorce and lost all contact with them (and most of theri money) while still paying child support). Suicide also impacts on old and young men alike and wihle treatment for younger men's cancers is pretty good, it's the older men with prostate cancer who are the ones facing real discrimination and appalling care.

If age rally bothers you, then you'll be pleased to know that (from what I've seen) most of the senior members of CAFE are all pretty young, though tbh I think it's great to have a whole mix of ages (and genders) working together and above all else the best and most dedicated person for the job. 




 That pink hair ruins any possible poker face instantly. If you were placing bets on who would try to silence the event then i expect almost anyone would be able to guess who would be the guilty ones.
 




 and delete it 




 Wouldn't it be a shame if the attempted censorship failed and resulted in increased donations to CAFE and therefore more such talks in future..

Donation link: http://equalitycanada.com/donation/ 














 So predictable, how many such incidents have there been now? We must be approaching double figures. 














 When the whole heath tourism HIV thing was is the news a while back there was an article by a homosexual HIV patient who complain about how health tourism already made it harder for him to get treatment. So refusing to treat HIV health tourists would actually help many in British gay community quite considerably. 









 Looking forward to hearing some jokes from Toksvig about a high profile female who's had a mastectomy.. 



















 That's three years old and so doesn't explain the outcome (they won a few days ago). 












































 The Mirror is an incredibly dubious source, about as bad as it gets really. I'd say that there's a 50% chance that any info from the Mirror is false. 














 The issue is that she's sort of apologised for what she did, and yet clearly continues to support this kind of hate 100%. 
























 Yes but in this case she's just as dumb and unethical today. 






















































 Also, as stated on their website:

"If you encounter discrimination or behaviour that makes you uncomfortable: if you are comfortable doing so, respectfully intervene by telling the person that you feel they are being disrespectful and would like them to stop" 




 https://web.archive.org/web/20150506040858/http://edmontonbikes.ca/services/bikeworks/women-transgender-days/

 
























 Hi, I'm something of an expert on Symantec's filter and it's impact on men's rights site. I wrote numerous articles on this issue back in 2013 and complied lists of sites it's blocks as "hate". I've gone right to teh top of the company with my concerns and their policy of smearing and defaming the overwhelming majority of men's human rights sites as "hate" is entirely deliberate and they're not planning on changing the classifications.

Some articles:

* http://therightsofman.typepad.co.uk/the_rights_of_man/2013/02/the-48-mens-human-rights-sites-feminists-seek-to-censor/comments/
* http://therightsofman.typepad.co.uk/the_rights_of_man/2013/03/now-official-o2-and-symantec-believe-helping-male-victims-of-domestic-violence-and-sex-abuse-is-hate.html
* http://therightsofman.typepad.co.uk/the_rights_of_man/2013/05/o2-and-symantec-admit-that-fathers-rights-arent-hateful.html
* http://www.avoiceformen.com/misandry/symantec-o2-still-censoringdefaming-mhra-sites/
 





























 Not really, she still hasn't resigned/sacked or been banned from campus or even apologised for that matter. 




 Not really, more like the flaw with launching a no confidence motion while people have extremely important exams to focus on. 




 The university can't actually get rid of her becasue she's an employee of the student's union. Perhaps the only option open to them would be to ban her from the campus. 




 Barb O'Neill, Sales Manager Phone: (403) 398-2224 E-mail: advertising@calgaryschild.com

Laura Dupont, Project Manager Phone: (403) 547-4901 E-mail: laura@calgaryschild.com
 




 http://www.calgaryschild.com/contact-us

Barb O'Neill, Sales Manager
Phone: (403) 398-2224
E-mail: advertising@calgaryschild.com

Laura Dupont, Project Manager
Phone: (403) 547-4901
E-mail:  laura@calgaryschild.com 



















 The first post on this topic was hugely popular here with over 100 points. It's perfectly reasonable to post an update. If you don't like this particular story just read something else. 





























 And yet again it's a male child who dies. 


































 Hi Suzanne,

I really admire how you decided to make shared parenting a part of your manifesto. UKIP are the only major party to do this and I'd really like to thank you personally for the work you've done in this area

There are also a great many other equality issues concerning men and boys, all of which are also totally ignored by LibLabCon and I was wondering if you'd looking into any of these? For example we currently have the genital mutilation of children funded by the NHS (without their consent) and there are vast gender inequalities (all caused by the state) in relation to cancer care, domestic violence support, education and the justice system.

I really feel that if you took the same approach to the above issues that you've taken to parenting, then you'd gain even more support next time around (and of course it's the right thing to do as well). Would love you hear your thoughts. 




 There was a men's rights group in London a few years back, they did some good stuff, I'm sure some of those involved are still around. 









 An interesting case, courts have been incredibly reluctant to enforce contact orders in the past, so hopefully this shows they'll start taking these issues more seriously in future. 



















 Fantastic news. Real progress! 
































































 Well we don't know for sure that she's paid, but that tends to be the case for almost all of these positions. 
























 The police weren't the ones who introduced laws to make her action illegal, and to be fair there have been other police forces who've gone after people for significantly less extreme tweets and behaviour than this. 




 It's fairly common for graduates to try to get elected as a SU officer. It's such an easy job and so allows them to avoid real work for a year (or more in some cases). Right now she's being paid to be racist and sexist against white male students, a dream job for many SJWs really. 




 People in the UK have gone to prison for tweets that were less extreme than Mustafa's. 














 Nice to see a range of J4MB members on camera for a change. i think this is the first time a female J4MB supporter has been shown in the media. 









 I thought it was a fairly reasonable and honest article, so i don't mind them having a little revenue in this isntance. 




 The author is probably just trying to write a clickbait rage article, so I've used an archive link. 



















 She has Turkish ancestry though technically Boris Johnson does too. 




 **This is the actual official Goldsmith's no confidence petition that can get her fired. 3% of Goldsmiths students need to sign it for her to lose her job:**

http://www.goldsmithssu.org/news/article/6013/Petition-regarding-no-confidence-in-an-SU-officer/ 




 Perhaps it includes police officers and government workers? 




 Actually that's an extremely relevant comment. In the documentary GMP admitted they've never prosecuted a single false rape accuser ever!



https://web.archive.org/web/20150517211511/http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/may/15/behind-the-scenes-at-a-police-rape-team-bbc-documentary


"But unlike other forces, GMP has never prosecuted a victim for making a false allegation"

(the info is in the second to last paragraph) 












































 The term "genocide" was actually coined to describe the actions of Turks towards Armenians and other minorities! 




 It has bee posted at each stage of its development. First we had the initial scandal, then we had her "male tears" images, then we had her "defence" (and posts of the relevant video) and now fianlyl we've got posts about petitions and about her Twitter hate activity. 




 She claims to be Turkish, it's not as if they've ever committed genocide on an absolutely staggering scale or anything. 




 The comments are actually still there, it's just that they've hidden them by sorting them by "new". So it's basically censorship, but they get to pretend that the comments aren't censored. 




 **Remember you can resubmit your complaint so it is reviewed! Just go through the complaints process again and quote the relevant reference number.**

Most people never have any success first time around.

If that fails then there's still further opportunities to escalate the complaint to an even high level. 




