 [Seems relevant]
(http://d.gr-assets.com/books/1360058223l/1062516.jpg)


So pretty much, David was a fuck face since childhood, but he was nonetheless born that way 




 lol why would they create a new Fantastic four character? they would have to keep changing the name to fantastic five, six, seven... 




 [seems relevant](http://www.bananaguard.com/) 




 the maine coon? 




 thank God I re read and saw ISS and not ISIS 




 I really enjoy Violence (enough is enough) and You'll be tails ill be Sonic. 




 A day to Remember 




 what if somebody stuck gum under the bench? 




 Super smash bros 




 you made me wait  about 3 minutes to see a picture of goatse in the background of Mr. Hands? what is wrong with you 




 or what if he rides the tiger around instead? 




 pls all the cars in Dubai are expensive sports cars 




 I bearly let it go. Let it goooo 




 Someone please paint this 




 drag queens?
 




 /r/unexpectedjihad 




 is it a puppy a cat or both? 




 WHO WORE IT BEST? 




 that beard grew in 13 weeks wow
 




 At first I thought hmm "fishing for change" but then I figure you mean like money change 




 BLINK 182 known for "all the small things." Its not their best song yet it seems everyone knows them for it 




 think about all the pokemon that ever say something. Bulbasaur says "Bulba Bulba," Squirtle says "squirtle" but rascist Suicune always says "cooooooon" so I think /u/bluebonez is right that their name is based of their chirp, call, grunt, you name it 




 yeah still cool 




 As a 17 year old, I still think it would be cool to have a room like that 




 I new ET would pull through
 




 no wonder they're not black 




 lol that girl to the right grabbing some ass 




 "Hey ladies"

"Hey"

"So this morning I was trying to clean my Lamborghini, but the problem is that I kept stepping on my dick" 




 I thought colorblind people saw in black and white
 




 I hope you give us more money than 50 cents for 20 games. 




 she deserves to get her license taken 









 it's OP's head!!! 




 illuminati confirmed
 




 im 17 and made my account when I was 15 to buy some yugioh cards. Did they actually ask for an ID? 




 whats your last name?
 




 if they do get a story and this is on the news could you update with the link? 




 I read your previous post and really liked your sister. She went to the school and kept screaming at all the school heads to defend you. I applaud how she defends you no matter what. 




 after all that she only got 32k? the fuh 









 did you just walk into "someone" 's bathroom or did you know em 




 "life ain't shit but a fat vagina" -from Kendrick Lamar's King Kunta 




 I want to see a dog smoking a pipe. 




 I am more concerned that there is a fox who is a cronic thief 




 Well did you help him escape!!! 




 I do see the llama! but I also can see this as someone's hand trying to  create like a shadow puppet 
 














 from thumbnail, i thought it was a weird sackboy from little big planet 




 No! more shit 









 Finally you'll be able to see if theres is a cockroach or dead thing inside your can 




 it's time to due due due due duel 




 where da hood where da hood where the hood at 




 yeah as a grown person, I would definitely start buying Kid's meals again if I got cool shit like this 




 Gold! I've found the Golden Ticket! 




 someone asked me the same thing yesterday. I told them what you said  




 Mc Donalds has progressively gotten less cool toys 














 Hardcore Parkour! 




 "the world has gone to shit and need to fly away" lol 




