 Yea.  My favorite player.  Guy is an athletic freak.  I never miss warriors,  thunder or Clippers games.  




 I saw these in person...  Always make sure I go to the thunder games. 

[Westbrook 1](https://youtu.be/0Xr-5LVYNNs)

[Westbrook 2](https://youtu.be/vgpfylEYeWI)   




 - Ronnie prices dunk on Carlos Boozer.

- my girl and I got to go to the bottom of the court and when the players come out. As Isaiah came by us I yelled to him "Bring Crawford, Robinson and Roy".  He did a double take and started laughing and nodded.  Thought that was funny.  




 Don't feed the trolls 




 Meet a player?  Favorite moment? Halftime show? 




 The nba writers are purely entertainment writers like ESPN.  Write for ratings. Most of the time not reliable. It's all speculation.  Rondo fought injuries but who knows if it's over. We needed something to show DMC we are trying. We have an arena opening next year.  We don't want JT to be one of our poster boys. 


Instability of an NBA owner who is brand new to the circuit?  Why is this surprising.  He is new.  It takes time.  Players didn't only reject for instability...  CA taxes, small city,  less endorsements,  franchise name,  Championship opportunities, etc. You are purely speculating just like the writers you quote.  




 Most of our top players came from other teams.  DMC is an exception because he was a superstar.  They are naturally good. Also maybe we saw him as our future and gave him double the developmental focus. 


Kmart, Trob, Stauskas, Jimmer and Ben all struggled trying to get a grip. Okc,  Portland and SA all have amazing development results. We should have gutted out whole staff with new management.  Even players who gained some development hit a plateau.  (Kmart, Reke and I'm worried Ben.)

Trading for experienced players who understand the game may translate to changes in development staff and maybe teaching some younger players some things to help mentor.  




 "I'd play Mclemore at the 3"

Yea..  Let's not. I say this time and time again. Kings have one of the worst development staffs in the league. Everyone always asks "why you trade X, look at him now". Truth is,  until we change things we can't create those players.  Whiteside would not have panned out here just like Lin didn't in Goldenstate.  Stauskas may be Jimmer... May be Ray Allen.  Idk but personally,  he has something in common with Jimmer and that was he was apart of a team that wasn't meant for him. Good luck. 

People need to stop trashing the trade. Kings need endorsements for the new arena and they need to sell tickets.  I renewed but I know a few people who didn't after last season. This was a revitalized trade which has given us real hope and I haven't had that in years. (I'm delusional...  I believe we will win the championship every year.)

Personally, I don't feel we need these posts here but you are always allowed to post. Understand that the general consensus of the City,  not just fans,  liked the trade.  




 Sick PG rotation!  




 Fite me irl 




 In all fairness...  Kings got more shit than Ellen Pao this off season. Once the Woj bomb hit,  you guys ran with it and either attacked or downvotes anything kings said and wrote our FO off as dumb. Making dumbass claims of trades for Cousins, it was a nightmare. The trade hit and you guys went nuts.  Saying how shitty we are and how fucked we our.  "trade Cousins,  he deserves better" comments were plenty. Rejections from  people we made attempts for only sweetened the insults. In comes Bellinelli and Rondo. Top it off with some Koufos and maybe some Jsmoove and all of a sudden I only see comments about "Wow gonna be a decent/interesting team" or "can't wait to watch that." 


"If you're lucky enough to not get down voted to hell within 5 minutes,  you might last long enough to be insulted mercilessly." - /r/nba
 




 Hi guys. I'm a philosophy major who usually reads some pretty dense stuff. I just finished a long way gone in a day. It reminded me for how much I love reading but also showed how boring some of my books are. What are some good college readings for me? I enjoy biographies, memoirs, intellectual or just plain fun books.

Some of my favorites: Steve Jobs Bio, Long Way Gone, Candide, Thus Spake Zarathustra, Metamorphosis, American Sniper.

Not so much in to mystical fiction books.
 




 Give it a day or so.  I believe he will join the Kings.  




 Wow.  Shit happens fast.  




 French fault...  Again...  




 Maybe...  Because he's a cyclist.  




 Amazing how many cougars exist on reddit.  




 Voila* 




 Josh smith had all star potential in Atlanta. He is was a killer perimeter defender and a stretch  4. He even showed signs of his old form and improved shooting in the playoffs.  Dwill is a poor man's Gerald Wallace.   




 I realized Rudy Gay and Josh Smith both don't have all star nods. Who are some other surprising snubs?  




 The bestie exemption most underrated exemption. 


Good info thanks 




 [This dude](https://youtu.be/ncvUNxgkMtw)  




 That came and went at 17. He's like mid 30s. 

Edit: He's definitely 41... Smh 




 I see he is still alive...  




 Lol 




 We land the hawk and we will be the deadliest underdog we have seen in years. Rudy is the man.  




 He's definitely not the mobster  




 Gay can. Casspi needs work.  Offensively they are gold  




 Fuck off bitch  




 we gonna be great! 

FTFY 




 Restart the rebuild lol 




 Unbelieveable....  This is ridiculous!  Now what are we gonna do with our 9.5 million in salary cap!  Why go with Tim Duncan and Popavich when you can play with WCS and Karl.  




 He will be back 




 No but you can teach him if he is motivated.  Alot of him makes me think of a player with low self esteem.  Super athletic and usually first one down court.  He tore it up when it was IT Cousins and him. Just never really give a huge opportunity.  It shows some thing if Phil Jackson wanted him.  




 Ten years down the road,  you are gonna realize that this commercialized image of a logo from a band you liked at the time in your youth is in an area that will hinder jobs, careers etc. 

My favorite band is OMAM but no way would k ever tattoo a logo especially one as plain as theirs.  Maybe a cool verse that you really enjoy? Something that's meaningful.  Just not the band logo.   




 7-10 mil min I'd say. We still need Casspi. 


Maybe less who knows 




 Possible.  Yea.  Probable. Who knows.  




 With ya man... Imagine those highlight dunks with Rondo..  But fuck 5 mil a year haha 




 Rondo starts.  Collison would be great energy off the bench.  Rondo isn't a bench pg 




 Good for him.  Good luck dwill 




 We eating fam 




 8===D 0:


Open wide 




 He hasn't been signed and we don't need to go bidding war. Sign him or don't.  I think he could be an asset with Collison.  




 Casspi will be a great player off the bench to hustle with Collison. 

Williams will be killer with Rondo throwing lobs and he still has potential.  

We need a 4.  Maybe sign a cheap one.  




 Wow didn't know this.  Thanks.  What's a good price?  




 Oh ok lol 




 I don't really know what set up means 




 So?  




 I'm a betting man 




 I have a beginners Yamaha acoustic.  For some reason when I go to the guitar store,  I can play barre chords great on some Taylors and some more expensive guitars but struggle on my guitar.  Why is this?  




 JJ barea?  




 Monta Ellis?  




 Dirk? Please say it's Dirk..  




 The ol' igoudala-a-roo 




 No 




 Not a bad idea.  I'd consider it but I have a feeling we are gonna go big.  I'd rather Lou and Smith. Depending on cost tho but stuckey is an option.  




 I like your style  




 Josh Smith ripped it in the playoffs.  




 Wow didbt think about that.  




 Umm...  No.... Think about this long and hard buddy.  




 No...  There is 490 people here lol 









 Hi.  My name is Yopeee. I understand you guys are eating with fam. I am in association with the feed the Kings charity. Did you know that every 15 seconds,  part of our FO fucks something up?  This results in insufficient ingestion of food with fam.  You can make a difference. For 15a day,  you can help the Kings sign a FA for a 145mil/1 year contract. We enjoy eating too. Help us eat fam. 

*#wehungry* 




 SHIIIIIIIT! Millennium Falcon this shit  




 Fuck Bro..  Going pole 2 pole tonight then 




 Can I come?  




 [YEAH!](https://youtu.be/Vv2M95Jv68I)  




 I hear Iverson looking for a team 




 Offer Lou 2 packs of coke...  Turns us down for 1 12oz. Shasta.  




 Preach 




 God damn it 




 Lou Williams is about to make some money.  




 You're not even reading what I'm writing...  




 Read above man. If the signings don't happen like we think...  Then we traded our picks...  Which leaves us unable to build through draft 




 Like I already stated...  We traded our future "*If and only if*"  it doesn't pan out.  If Rondo and Wes don't work out either by signing or by some reason not playing well or say Rondo leaves or Matthews gets injured...  We may have lower picks than the sixers.  This would be considered losing players unnecessarily, wasting 26 million,  and losing picks assuming shit didn't pan out. 


Once again I agree with the trade.  I made a statement saying "6th see isn't winning the superbowl."  




 Lol correct.  I just don't see the comparison of winning the superbowl to being 6th seed. We may only get 1 or possibly two seasons from Rondo. 


No need to tell me to chill lol I'm not upset.  




 Where did I say anything about JT and Landry being our future?  




 We gave up 3 picks.  We owe Chicago 1. Stauskas may have been a piece.  All that said...  I like the trade.  But we are banking on championships.  Not 6th seeds.  We were 4th and 6th during 03-04,04-05. Never went passed 1st round.  I have never heard anyone talk about how great we were for bing 4th seed. We were just another basic team on a downside. 


We traded and are trading for a championship because building through the draft is no longer and option.  




 You think a 6th seed is a reason to lose 3 players    3 picks and 26 million dollars? 


We sold our future away to be winners.  So no its not a super bowl win..  That would be a temporary pleasure as the next few years put us where we were 3 years ago.  A championship win is a super bowl win. Never seen a parade for sixth seed.  Please don't confuse them.  




 I don't think I actually know the details?  Anyone have a good source?  




 We are gambling. Not one person in Sacramento denies this.  Our owner has a fascination with buying low with high potential.  He wants that with Wes and Rondo. To say it wont work in the next two years is a bold statement. Rudy Gay was a "shit"  player and a bad trade...  Worked out great.  Karl was given less than half a season..  We were a winning team with Malone with essentially less talent than we are set to aquire...  Yet we are garbage? 

These articles are why the Kings stay shitty.  Who wants to play for a team that's known as the losers. I'm ready to bad news bears this season.  I hope every single person hates on us.  We beat great teams with less.  




 Absolutley agree!  I just want these two to solidify a playoff caliber starting 5. With that,  we can start landing vets to place on bench like clips and Pierce,  grizzlies and Carter,  etc.  




 I'm not sure.  You're probably right but I would still like to see what we do with the main two and see what kind of players want to play with them.  Big names may lure some good players.  




 I know you are. Potentially wait to see who we sign.  If we land bot Wes and Rondo... Maybe sign and trade Evans and Hollins for a decent forward.  Remember we have Rudy as a 4 rotation as well.  




 Jumping on Biyumbo just scares me a little.  Ptsd from rush signing PF 




 Understood.  Lots of players also can be productive.  I personally don't want either of them just off of ability..  Add the character issues and it's a big no for me. Just making a point that character issue isn't always a total write off but I'm definitely with you on the legal issues
 




 I did lol that's why I was downvoted 




 Lol agreed but having trouble with the law doesn't necessarily disqualify them.  I don't think they are for us but I wouldn't base it off character.  Ron Artest did wonders in LA.   




 97% satisfied.  




 So did cwebb 




 You are talking about character issues..  Rondo has one of the worst attitudes towards integrity and loyalty.  He has shown to be very vocal in the media and usually doesn't hold back in player confrontations.  All character issues.  Not so much trouble with the law but still issues.  Yet he may be perfect here.  




 Lol we are in the running for Rondo...  Next.  




 I hate college ball for these reasons.  You never know when it comes to ball.  By his analysis...  IT wouldn't be relevant.  So many players slip through  the draft because of this.  I agree WCS isn't the next DJ...  He is the only WCS 




 Well...  This is awkward.  




 Why isn't it realistically possible? AP had a torn acl and came back to have a record season.  Wes Matthews only got to where he is by out working players.  He has had to earn and work for this. If anyone can fight to make it, it is Matthews.  




 No 




 The gamble is this.  We take a risk.  When you are in the position we are in.  You don't have a choice.  









 Welcome to the eastern conference finals 




 Lol I don't want smart...  




 Eh 




 I Absolutley will say JT is one of my favorite kings ever.  I say that with the fact in mind that he was at every charity event I have seen.  He hustled constantly and put up with some shitty owners but never blamed the fans.  He has been amazing and we will always appreciate you. Business is business and honestly you need a team to play you more. Good luck.  #34foreverpurple 




 They had a championship..  Sometimes hotheads are great with each other. Chemistry wise. KG was the same way.  My worry is Karl.  




 Ha^ha^ha^ha^keep^laughing^ha^ha 




 Cousins doesn't like anyone who has a personality like his on an opposite team.  Cousins is allllll for people with his passion to win *on* his team. That's Rondo,  Beverly, etc. 

I truly believe Cousins wants a bad boys team.  A no bs team who want to win.  




 Every city has crime.  Check out Hawaii crime.  Unbelievable but beach bums stay because they like the area.  Same with Santa Cruz. I had a gun pulled on me downtown literally 2 months ago by a tweaker. Luckily nothing happened. Drugs are there and people with no money want those drugs. It happens. I'm a decent sized 23 yr old male.  Don't put yourself in positions that leave you vulnerable. 


Lpt: stay vigilant, be aware,  be prepared,  be safe.  This is for anywhere.  




 As a season ticket holder..  Dwill kept me going to alot of games.  Highlight player who was usually up and down the court first. I honestly feel he is a valuable asset to the team.  Like a Gerald Wallace. He has huge upside and a loyal player  




 We can definitely bring them both back.  Monta and green aren't coming here.  Bring Rondo and sign both. Casspi will be a little more expensive.  




 I went to tilt.com... Still never received gold 




 You're yum!  









 I believe we should sign him 3 years at 3 mil. I believe he will be a late bloomer.  He has athleticism and has shown moments of good play when given opportunities. He reminds me of a Gerald Wallace. I really hope we don't let him slip by.  




 Nice video.  This will be a big year for Mclemore.  I feel he will have alot of room to play when the D is worried about the post with the towers. 

 




 Haha that shit funny 




 8===D O: 




 I'm a pretty nice guy...  But I am getting real fed up with this fucking Bull shit.  




 Shitty title but good video 




 The trolls come out on the reddit tonight

Not an upvote to be seen. 

A kingdom of masturbation. 

And it looks like they're the Kings. 

Pitchforks are over flowing like the swirling wind inside. 

I couldn't keep them even if I tried... 

Their lies I see!  So fuck OP! 

You can fool all them but you can't fool me! 

I need a fork! Where do I go?!  

Well I know!  Well I know!!!! 

THEY MUST GO!  THEY MUST GO! 

FUCK OP DOWN VOTE THAT HO!  

THEY MUST GO! THEY MUST GO! 

SO MANY FORKS,  YOU CAN SAY NO! 

I CAN SAY

THAT OUR PRICES ARE GREAT! 

LET THE SALE GO ON!  

Lynching never bothered me anyway... 




 




 I am not trashing UF by calling it the "*Wal-Mart*"  of MMA gyms.  Kovars is the same kinda way.  Walmart is a multi-billion dollar company based on the one stop shop concept. Kovars expanded alot more than UF even though UF tried but ultimately closed their folsom gym. Uriah is an entrepreneur. 

Joe Guerro is not a better boxing coach than Tony Lopez, Gilbert or Juan Lascano. Just a fact.  If you are going for boxing..  Maybe best to go to a boxing gym. 

When UF had Juan, Tong and Cassio...  Shit man can't beat it. They all left. UF is still a very top notch gym with extraordinary opportunities...  It would be wrong not to inform people of other options. I have rolled with people at Cassios with UF people.  Trained at judo club while training at UF.

It was $150 for full access when I went there.  This was about a year ago. Times change.  Economy changes. Complimented staff and business and like I said UF Is the best gym if you are really serious. A one stop shop with pro trainers. If you are solo looking for Jiu-jitsu or judo...  It would be the wrong investment.  




 SG and PG are our priorities. No need to fatten the front court.  I'm looking for starting PG or some bench depth.  




 Do we still have Reggie Evans lol?  




 Good player..  Probably a late blooming role player in the future.  Wasn't really go even a whole lot of opportunities  




 Depends.  Trained there for a year. It is like the Walmart of MMA gyms unless you get in with alpha male.  If you are with alpha male and train in their wrestling etc. You are good to go. 

Boxing class was a joke.  Jiu-jitsu wasn't bad. Grappling was okay.  May Thai was good.  Alpha male wrestling was incredible.  Their exposure and ability to put you into a fight is great.  Just depends what you are looking for. 

Recommendation

- Jiu-jitsu: Cassio Werneck

- Boxing: idk who is relevant anymore. 

- MMA: Karnage

- Wrestling: Ultimate Fitness

- Grappling: Sacramento Judo Club

Check them out depending on what you want.  I left because the boxing was shitty and it was 150. But even as I told them I was leaving...  They worked on my contract and were very professional.  Uriah is an awesome dude. Good luck. 




 




 Sacramento judo club is the oldest and a very prestigious club in Sacramento. They have produced Olympic contenders and nationally ranked fighters.  Sambo is rather close to judo.  Give it a look 




 Ok kinda see it a little..  Damn that took way to much work.  




 I could just be fucking stupid...  But I don't think your post is grammatically correct.  




 ... Why you think she is crazy is why your not a photographer 




 Wait..  What?  




 Who killed Kennedy 




 "Bernie likes his bottom bitches on top." 




 When I broke my arm and had a cast for three months...  You can't wash you arm, barley scratch it and it hen you scratch it with a hanger,  you cut the fuck out of your arms. 

But on the day of removal...  When they take off the cast and rub your arm with rubbing alcohol...  That same effect of freshness like drinking water after popping a mint. This is what made me cry.  Thank you.  




 [The only known video](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQof) of what a guy claims is his interaction with an alien.  Fucking weird and eerily real.  




 There is so much shitty going on here 




 Pretty sure that's a tree scrotum 




 Why add the Mc..  If it's not from McDonald's  




 I always read a book through... You never have a full opinion of you don't give it a full effort.  It is a entry level informal introduction to some Buddhist teachings in a way most can understand. What was your intention when picking this book?   




 Reddit,  come feel relevant  




 Short hair on top and he has his Jewish beard back.  Peppered color 




 Yes.  Talk to admissions 




 I'm sorry I don't have a video but I went to a Matisyahu concert yesterday.  It's almost as if this man is holy.  He radiated good energy and his presence alone was incredible.  As he performed Jerusalem under fairly blue skies,  it started pouring rain almost on cue. It was incredible. He stood there looking at the crowd as they all went nuts. One of the most incredible experiences of my life. One love.  




 What do you mean?  




 No 




 Yes..  You as well can join Tatum on Mcbride's special bus.  




 He wasn't there very long.  Danny Mcbride came to pick him up shortly after this.  




 Skinny love by birdy

Originally by Bob Iver 




 Fuck everything. Slutty girls,  hot girls,  fat girls,  turtles,  dogs,  a fish,  pie, glory hole, neighbor, Steven the butcher, Molly the prostitute, a peanut butter sandwich.  Once you complete all your fucks successfully...  Think of one more fuck...  


You will realize you don't have any to give... And maybe an std to boot. You're welcome. 


Edit: fuck your down votes you regular fucks 




 Please help this guy at least start off the marriage with a happy wife...  




