 I'm excited for you! :)  




 If you've seen all the Jurassic Park movies, how would you rate it out of all the movies?  




 Did you notice much product placement?  




 How was the third act, is it as good as people are saying? You don't have to spoil anything about it.  




 It got a little too real for me at the end when they started talking about all these real world problems. It took me out of the movie and made me think about how shitty the world can be. 

It also didn't take place in Tomorrowland. We saw Tomorrowland for maybe 5 minutes and the rest the film was elsewhere. I was kindof looking for an escape and that certainly wasn't it.  




 I'm looking forward to reading some reviews tomorrow about it. I keep watching the trailers and TV spots. I'm just looking forward to the movie and seeing whether it's good or mediocre, I don't see it as being a horrible flop. What are people thinking about it now since it's only a couple days away? For those opposing it, if the reviews are good, would that change your mind about seeing it? For those excited about it, are you seeing it Thursday or over the weekend?  




 Titanic
The Village
Storm of the Century 




 James Cameron 




 Just wondering.  




 Okay but can we agree the visuals are extraordinary?  




 I know it's clich, and I know the story isn't very strong. But the visuals and story still hold up. I'm wondering is the movie as bad as everyone says it is?  




 Anyone know of a website that tells when trailers are going to be released?  




 Kate Winslet 




 Reign of Fire (2002), Below (2002), Knowing (2009), Identity (2003), Don't Say A Word (2001)  




 New Line Cinema and WB 




 Fox and the Hound  




 Titanic  




 Of Monsters and Men 




 The Killers 




 What movie do you absolutely love seeing places. For me it's Lord of the Rings.  




 I want something with tons of good special effects and aliens. Help me out.  




 Titanic and Lord of the Rings 









 Is there a website that allows you to stream torrents through your browser?  




 I'm so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  




 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready. 




 Titanic is my favorite movie.  




