 I probably won't get away with a pub crawl or sword, but I'll definitely try to do the Cochinillo!  




 Would some local sports team stuff work?  




 What kind of snacks would be appropriate for the plane? How much can I take on? They haven't told us if we would have any stops or if it would be one long flight.  




 Does this require a certain type of board? It looks like a higher flexibility would be ideal.  




 We're going to be in various cities for 12 days. The list says were visiting Madrid, Salamanca, Avila, Segovia, Toledo, Sevilla, Granada, and Barcelona. I think there's a couple other cities along with some free time trips where we can choose where to go.  




 In April I'll be going to Spain (and Europe in general) for my first time. This will also be my first time traveling out of the country. I'm going with school, so I'm a bit restricted on things I can bring and do. What would you recommend for things I bring for the plane and for the trip overall? We're staying with host families and hotels, and it's recommended we bring a gift for our hosts. What would you recommend as a gift? I've heard peanut butter is a good option, but I feel like a lot of students will be doing that. Any help is appreciated, as I know nothing about traveling. 

Also, do they have kinder surprise in Spain? I love them but the US has a problem with them. 

Edit: I'm going with my Spanish class, so language books are taken care of, but I will be looking into guide books!  




 Subway (sandwiches, not trains). 

-This rule goes in general for most cashiers, most likely. If I've already rung in your order and am getting your change, please don't dig in your pockets and say "oh, I have 48!" The register just told me what to give you and it's in my hand, I'm not calculating your new change when there's a line. Keep your 48. 

-Please don't shove your notebook or phone with a list of orders at me. I can't hold your grubby phone while making subs, and I know you can read. I don't mind if you come in with a list (I recommend this over a phone call!), but I can't touch it and i don't want to drop your stuff in the lettuce. 

-We don't have $5 footlongs anymore. No, I can't change the prices on your order because you didn't know. Please stop yelling at me; I didn't make the price change. 

-If you have a coupon, ask about it ahead of time. Like before you order. Nobody reads the coupons. Regular subs only. That doesn't mean a sub on regular bread. We're more than happy to help you with the menu-the new design is weird. 

TL;DR: don't change your payment when I'm giving you your change, and read the menu and your coupons ahead of time 

 




 I'll definitely be starting with a conventional grip, then. The girls on my team that have a finger tip drill are on varsity, so I can always get the ball re drilled when I get to that point, right?  




 I'm serious; I know it's kinda ridiculous. I have dumb fears for every new sport I take up. 

Are the rubber inserts necessary? All custom balls I've seen have them, but they look like an add on.  




 So I'm looking to get my first ball and have an idea of what to get. The problem is the holes. I've only bowled with house balls, but I've tried a couple of my teammates' balls and the finger holes just seem so small. And the rubber doesn't help. I don't want my fingers to get stuck while using it, and I don't want to dislocate my thumb after lofting it halfway down the lane. Anybody in the same boat at some point?  




 Blow outs are my biggest reason for going slow. And my ears are pretty thin and inelastic. Of course all of my friends who don't want to stretch have gorgeous lobes.  




 2g! Long journey, but I'll get there! 




 I was riding it the "wrong" way. I was using the tail as the nose. I'm glad I didn't mess anything up with my base. I'm also glad my bindings are an easy fix. Youtube will definitely be cheaper than a trip to the shop!  




 So my board has some problems. I told the guys at my shop that I was goofy, but I learned I'm regular. This happened because I was riding a plastic board from good will, so I sucked goofy and regular and picked one when I got a good board. I've been riding my board backwards. Is this a problem? I've seen it a couple times in videos, but I did it for pretty much a full season. 

Then there's the problem of my board sat in a closet all last season. Was this bad? It didn't go into it with an end of season wax or anything; Id only gotten it waxed once on the first season. 

My bindings are backwards. So, I'm assuming my stomp pad is now in the wrong spot and my safety strap thing is on the wrong foot. How do I fix all of this? 

Third, and probably my biggest problem is my base. It doesn't look too happy. It has a couple scratches, which are probably okay. But I think it has base burn. http://imgur.com/a/3faxR 
I scratched at it a bit in a small spot and it came off, so does it just need a good cleaning and waxing? I didn't know too much when I first got this board, so I wasn't too nice to it. I know a couple chips and scrapes are going to happen, but I don't want my base messed up this soon. 

It's a 5150 Velour, but the bindings are 5150 Empress. I've never done my own wax job before, so I don't have an iron or anything. My shop charges $50 for the tune up and $20 to fiddle with bindings, so I'm hoping to be able to do this myself. 

TL;DR: Please help me fix my board. It's backwards and burnt, and I don't know what I'm doing.  




 It looks around 8g, but I would recommend measuring it. 8g is about 3mm, so it shouldn't be more than .5mm off.  




 Although decades are increments of 10 so it doesn't work as much.  




 I had to start taping to make the 8-6 jump. It only took four weeks. I would do an inch of tape on the plugs every two weeks (changing the tape to keep it from getting gross every couple days). I would recommend going with PTFE and some glass wear Pyrex plugs. They're like $8 a pair on body art forms and their wearable is big enough so you don't have to trim the tape. At small sizes like 8, tape is finicky enough, so not having to trim makes it easier.  




 Also make sure to check local shops! They have great selection. The shop I go to is having a 40% off all jewelry sale.  




 That's what I was worried about. I don't quite know how placement would go or anything - Id leave that to the professional. Usually I test piercings with an old CBR to see how they look, but I don't have a spare industrial bar so I can't figure out if it would work. The only think I don't know about is if it would be able to go through the back of the forward helix comfortably.  




 Ah, sorry!  




 I've always liked the look of elf ears, but I'm not able to make the commitment to getting my ears sewn into a different shape due to not quite having a career path yet - and it's a big mod. I figured I could get sort of an illusion of elf ears with an inverted industrial. Kind of connecting an outer helix to a forward helix. Has anyone had this done? Is it even possible?  




 It looks a good half centimeter from where it was marked. Did he remark the placement and pierce there or just change the placement mid-piercing?  




 I'll have to try a pair. I thought it was a pretty heavy stone, so the reviews on BAF that called it light threw me off a bit. And it's price isn't too bad either.  




 Twisting a piercing is like twisting stitches. You want to heal that wound, not agitate it. Try to find an APP piercer, or one that had least taken some APP classes. I know not everyone has one locally, but it's worth a bit of a drive. This is a hole in your body. You don't want just anyone putting it there. I have some local piercers, but they're terrible so I waited until I could take an hour drive to an APP one. The mods here, and even many of the members would probably be able to point you in the right direction for a knowledgable piercer.  




 Which material have you found heaviest to wear? Not just stone vs wood, but stone vs stone and all that. I only have Quartz plugs, and they feel pretty heavy, but I don't have much to compare them to. When I get to my goal size, I want to wear heavier plugs to dead stretch a bit since some of my favorite plugs are double flare and I'll need the give. I'm not worried about price since I have time to save up, as long as it's not anatometal eyelets expensive.  




 I find that adjusting the water before getting in saves a lot of pain and hypothermia.  




 In the US, art classes tend to be only mandatory until 6th grade (age 12 or so). Leadership roles are everywhere, but students aren't pushed to innovate or create. There's a lot of pushing to take AP classes and Honors classes in favor of art. Also, arts funding is the first thing to get cut in schools. Some schools hardly have music programs.  




 He may have pierced her bigger than standard earrings, but not so big that she has to wear plugs. Most shops pierce at 14g for lobes, which is 2-3 sizes bigger than standard earrings. The jewelry might slide around a bit in her ears, but it should be fine. If the jewelry she has in now looks like it's about 2mm in diameter or less, she can just wear some smaller sized jewelry and downsize.  




 I've always had pretty thin lobes, and with stretching I've been worried about them getting thinner. I'm only going up to a 2g (at a pretty slow pace), but I'm stretching my second holes so there's less lobe to begin with. I know downsizing and going back up is a method to thicken up lobes. How effective is this? Right now my wearable is a little under 1/4 inch (going off of my earskins), so I need some help.  




 BAF also has great shipping rates. I think it's roughly $5 for USPS priority shipping and only $1 insurance on any order. I've never passed up the insurance yet and all of my orders come in under a week. I think they have a free shipping deal, but I don't know the rate on it.  




 Your lobes look great! I'm jealous!  




 Wasn't trying to be an ass, I was just trying to avoid the shot glass method.  




 I have a fresh conch piercing, so I want to avoid bumping my ear on a cup.  




 How exactly do you do a sea salt soak? I've seen salt:water ratios all over this subreddit but not how to do it. I've been using H2Ocean so I've been just spraying it on. I've heard of putting your lobes in a shot glass of the water, but my lobes aren't quite big enough for that. Bowl? Cotton ball? I want to make my lobes happy without spraying salt water everywhere.  




 I had to start taping to get up to a 6g. After 4 weeks, I was at a 6. I added an inch or so of tape every two weeks and was there in no time. My ears aren't very stretchy, so yours might tape up quicker. But make sure to take taping slow as well since you're still stretching your skin.  And keep them well oiled!  




 Yup. I got mine in a kit, but you could probably find some separately.  




 [meh.com](http://meh.com)  




 I always thought it was a goat with a pipe.. 




 Where exactly do you plan on taking the laptop that you don't want the school to know about? They know your address. They know where libraries are. If you stop at McDonalds on the way home, they won't care. Chances are, the location tracking is to prevent theft and to track the Chromebook if it's lost or stolen. The tech department has more important things to worry about than looking at the whereabouts of teenagers and their school laptops. If you're worried about the thing having access to the webcam without your permission, cover it with a post it. Use it responsibly and you shouldn't have anything to worry about. It's a big investment for the school so naturally they have a lot of security measures in place. Use your own device to play around and do things you don't want your teachers to know about. If they take screenshots of you writing a paper or taking notes, then they'll just know that you're working.  




 Go naked over night and see how far that takes your lobes. If your lobes downsize to an 8 or so, just stick in some 10's and let your ears do their thing.  




 I'm getting kind of sick of wearing the same tunnels or captives in my 14g lobes. I've seen some amazing anatometal studs but I don't know how to get them. Are they just labrets or are they a custom piece?  




 If you don't have a gauge card, such as the freebies from BAF, you could use a caliper or a ruler to measure your tapers and match them to a gauge size chart. Some sizes will have a bit of deviation, but most are on target. In regards to neosporin, I wouldn't recommend it. Head over to walmart and pick up a bottle of vitamin e oil. Much better for stretching and much cheaper.  




 Ultimately, they are your parents, so their decision is what you want to go by to keep tension lo was long as they're the boss. My dad doesn't want me "gauging" at all, yet my mom doesn't care much either way. My goal size is 2g so it's easy to hide, especially at my correct 8g. I'd recommend talking to your parents and make sure to show your dad that you know the proper and safe way to stretch and be stretched and the consequences that come with stretching along with how you plan on dealing with employment (parents love to use that one). If your dad is still against it after you try to show that stretching isn't the end of the world, show cooperation and agree to downsize until you're an adult. If anything, he will see it as a sign of maturity and change his mind, especially as parents tend to see stretched ears as rebellion. Cooperation completely breaks that. 

TL;DR: talk to them and cooperate with your parents. The worst that can happen is your dad doesn't budge and you have to downsize until you're an adult.  




 Don't just save coins. Keep low value coins (pennies for Americans, penny equivalent for those outside the US) completely separate from all the other coins. They take up a lot of space for not giving much value. Dimes are smaller than pennies and sure do cash in for more! Sorting the change is a bit tedious, but you get a lot more back at the change machine.  




 Too many customers answer "yes" to questions where it just doesn't work. Even worse are the ones who are staring at their phones and answer "yes" to "what kind of bread for that?" 




 Just waiting until the next size slides in is probably the best way to stretch! I only clean my ears with H2ocean when they're super irritated or the week after a new stretch. For taping, a common size to start is the jump from 8 to 6. I think it's the first full millimeter, so it's a bit harder for ears to adjust. However, when you start taping is completely up to your ears.  




 I've thought about if this could exist for convenience, but there's not much of a way this could be made with a safe material. Niobium is flexible, but their description made it should like they were trying to eliminate high cost. The closest effective thing to these would be Snap Plugs. The idea of an expanding plug is cool, but I can't think of how it would be safe.  




 Losing plugs sucks! I'll probably do the earskins or naked since earskins are water safe.  




 I'm going out to a lake in a few days and was wondering what type of plugs I should wear while swimming. I want to wear my earskins since they will float if they do pop out, but I don't know if they're okay for water.  




 They're nice and lightweight. I always give them a good rubdown with vitamin e before wearing them and make sure my ears are nice and oiled up. They're super comfortable to wear. I occasionally have to oil throughout the day because they do get a little dry and a little paranoia goes a long way with ears. I usually use holey buttr for that since carrying around a bottle of oil looks a bit odd. I'm definitely looking forward to more horn jewelry.  




 I've only bought one pair of horn hangers from Oracle, but they're amazing. They were great quality and a decent price. I have plans to save up for some pieces from One Tribe, but until then, I'll have to get a couple more from Oracle.  




 I find that Oracle is a quite good brand. They have some pretty reasonable prices as well, although are still on the pricey side overall. One Tribe has some great looking pieces and is pretty widely approved of as well.   




 Our store has a tip jar that we use to bring up the register when it's short. At the end of your shift, you count the drawer. If it's short on your shift, you fix it. I don't know if that's just us, or universal. A few cents is passable, but a dollar or more needs to be fixed. We know subway isn't a restaurant entitled to tips, so throwing that $1.06 in from the tip jar usually doesn't bother anyone. Our owner definitely doesn't mind when we keep the drawer even or above.  




 Veggies expire  (by subway standards) after two days, so they should never be sitting in the cooler 2 days before serving. Most veggies are prepped that day, though. Maybe a difference of a couple hours, but don't make an employee check labels because you want some fresh veggies. If you're the only one there and the employees seem like they're in a decent mood, they might slice a tomato or green pepper just for you. But don't pull that an hour before close. Chances are the back is cleaned up or close to it.  




 "I'll have the white cheese." Thank you. That has now narrowed it down to 4 out of 5 of our cheeses. Some continue to insist on the white one after I ask which one.  




 The employees control an alarm clock radio in back, broken radio in front. Usually a pop station, but sometimes I get the luck of rock or silence.  




 Has anyone set up a way for them to meet up yet? They would probably have some pretty interesting conversations. 




 I'll have to grab some next week. I knew my lobes were a bit on the thin side, but they didn't seem that thin. At least since they're clearing out they'll be nice and cheap! 




 I just got my first few pairs of earskins. They're amazing all around except that the wearable seems off. I got 5/16 since that seemed to be the common size and didn't seem too big. When I put them in, it seemed like they had a massive bit sticking out. In pictures I've seen of earskins, they're really close to the ear. Should I have gotten a smaller wearable or is this a common thing and I just have to keep them pushed back?  




 What is even happening in this thread anymore 




 Apparently when I was younger, I would never actively wake my parents. I would just tiptoe into their room and stare at them until their parent meter went off. Usually service was pretty slow.  




 Can someone tell me why we hate this? 




 Thanks! I couldn't tell if it was an orbital or a nicely placed conch. I was thinking of getting it for my birthday, but wanted to avoid having to pay for two piercings.  




 I'm thinking about finally adding to my piercings. I was thinking about getting [this](https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019B6/data.tumblr.com/6d8e5f3655b194ee6ce6fd889a48e600/tumblr_n5dznyV5PW1s7gqgho1_500.jpg) but I don't know if it's an orbital or a conch. I also don't know what size of captives to wear in it. It seems like it would be bigger than those you would wear in a septum diameter wise, but I'm not sure. Opinions/help from anyone with any knowledge on this piercing would be appreciated! 




 What is your current size? What type of tape are you using? Bondage tape and PTFE have different thicknesses, and your current size definitely matters. 




 I know it's too steep to ride. But it would be fun if it was rideable. It's just a massive rail that at first glance seems fun to ride.  




 Some subways have drive thrus, so this might be the case (not likely though). OP either visited an extremely low standard subway that barely passes inspection or OP works at subway and did it for the karma. Hell, there isn't even herbs on that herb and cheese.  




 I can agree with this. No subway employee is this sloppy. And there's no reason for the bread to have been mutilated as it was wrapped. Granted, the sandwiches aren't usually like the picture, but they're not horrible either.  




 I'll have to post there too, thanks! I couldn't find a subreddit for spots so I figured here was broad enough.  









 TIL I'm a guy.  




 So it's a real placenta? I was hoping it was just some really good latex work... 




 No problem :) 




 If you really want to see if it will look good on you for yourself, pick up a cheap captive bead ring and stick it on your nose. I did that to test septum and lip piercings. And since CBRs are common in septums, it was pretty helpful.  




 After hearing this, I'll definitely be getting some wood plugs for my goal size. My problem ear absolutely hates anything that's not a good long soak in vitamin e.  




 I'd say you should pick up a cheap bottle of vitamin e oil or stop wearing the tape while you don't have access to your usual oils. That way everything stays oily and lobes are the one place that's okay.  




 PTFE becomes transparent with oil. A trick used to make it go in better is to oil until it's relatively transparent. It's not thinning or dissolving or anything. That's just the tape absorbing oils and getting clear. Like toilet paper or something. PTFE is also a very drying tape because of it so try to oil it more than thoroughly.  




 Cheap steel is bad steel. 




 I'm not able to downsize because all of my tunnels started rusting; that's why I switched back to my CBRs. 




 I've only been wearing steel from BAF; these piercings have yet to see acrylic 




 I have both my ears stretched to 8g, and my left ear is fine. My right ear, on the other hand, became really irritated a couple days ago. I've been at 8g for about two months now so it's not due to a recent stretch, and I'm wearing the same CBR's I've worn in the past. It's red and slightly painful, almost dry, although I use vitamin e oil on both ears. I haven't changed any care that I've been doing. Maybe I slept on it funny? It doesn't feel like a tear. Has anyone else had this and possibly know how to fix it? 




 Ah, thank you 




 I looked at the site (been looking for some labradorite) and one of the options is wear size. Is this any different than the other size option? 




 I've been using the immersion reading feature on my kindle with a book for the past couple weeks, and this morning I turned on my kindle to return to my book and the feature was just gone. I can access the ebook and audiobook separately, but the option to use the audiobook with the ebook is no longer available. My kindle is relatively new so it's still under warranty, but I'm hoping there's an easier fix than sending it to get fixed.  




 Comfortable stretches is always great! I've been hearing surgical steel everywhere but glass seemed like it would be safe as well.  




 I'm in Wisconsin, so I've been looking for a material that's a bit less chilly.  




 I've been using steel tapers and single flare tunnels, but I'm wondering if glass is also an option since it seems a bit more comfortable and nicer looking than the steel.  




 I have zero experience with McDonald's excellent customer service.  




 I had that fun moment at 12g. One of the best moments ever. It's like becoming an astronaut after wanting to be one since age 6. 




