 I like your Reddit name. 




 Understandable.

But this is what seperates between good and bad ranks right?
If you know how to play the map well, know how to have buybinds you would rank up in no time. 
I'm sure in higher ranks anyone playing the map would set it up already.
If you think you are at a disadvantage, you don't just SIT there! Just go out and do the buybinds! If you are too lazy - It's your responsibility.

Think about it, I'm not trying to sound rude but these are some examples in comparison;

Grenade buy binds are a must! Otherwise, people without them would be at a serious disadvantage as they would have to scroll through the nades to throw one.

Or,

Aiming at a head level is a must. People who do not aim at the head level would be at a serious disadvantage. 




 I expect feedback, so I respect your opinion!

In order for the terrorist to buy an AK he would have to leave the bombsite, or, buy before entering it. The buyzones would be far away from bombsites/spawns, so in order to buy a gun he would sacrifice time. If he wins 1v1, he wouldn't have time to run back to the gun.

The difference is, you would spend your money for that AK and you wouldn't keep it the next round (or wouldn't keep the AWP). Thus, if your economy is bad you wouldn't be able to buy certain things next round.
Another thing is that you would risk dying in a 1v1, so you would loose both AK and AWP.
Lastly, there are two buyzones, so the CT's can always do the same.

One of the good uses I could think of is that you could drop your teammate along the way.

But you have to remember, in normal matches, especially in 1v1 situation you would want to plant the bomb first and not risk going far away to buy another gun just to loose it later and have an economic damage.
It only works one way, so I think that people would prioritize just keeping one gun and getting the job done. 




 Hello, I'm Guma! A map maker from Mapcore, and I need your help here!

I decided that my map will have dynamic buyzones.
 
Something that Counter Strike never had before.
However, in order for that to happen, I need to explain what dynamic buyzones are and what it means for gameplay.
Lastly, to hear your thoughts.
 
So what are the dynamic buyzones?
It is a new gameplay element.
In normal maps, there are usually two buyzones - One at T spawn and one at CT spawn.
They are limited to certain amount of seconds.
However, with dynamic buyzones, there would be two additional buyzones somewhere at the map.
For example, at middle areas or areas that are very exposed (so you don't just keep buying stuff and spamming, someone can still kill you).
So why are they dynamic and what do they do?
First of all, unlike normal spawn buyzones, the dynamic buyzones would never run out of time. You could buy anytime during the match.
However, it changes the economy.
 
An example
T's are doing an eco rush strat, their entry fragger gets 2/3 picks.
However, he does not need to wait for the next round.
He can take his time and run to the nearest dynamic buyzone and buy himself a gun.
However, again, he would take time and stay exposed.
Additionally, the buyzones would not be near the bombsites, so the rotating CT's can catch the person buying off guard.
Same for CT's, they can buy an Awp during rotation.
If CT's remember the buyzone locations, it would be very easy to take down anyone buying guns there.
 
As for grenades, you can only buy one of each grenade every round.
 
So how would the buyzones look like?
Well obviously, it would be some sort of a crate with a laptop on it. The area to buy would be exposed and not very big.

Remember, the money would not change and you would not get the guns for free. 




 I feel like you've nailed most of things you need to know for Hammer, however, you need to work on themes.
Hope to see other maps made by you! 




 Same for every rank, honestly. 




 Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, states that it is "illegal for any US citizen to have any contact with extraterrestrials on their vehicles"

My question is, if government does not CONFIRM the presence of aliens on Earth, then why is there such a law?
I'm quite interested, just thought I'd let you guys know. 




 Never alt-tabbed. I minimized CS:GO, alt-tab usually causes lag for me.
Also, how am I supposed to know of a glitch like that? Shouldn't Valve take care of something like this? I don't think the ban was justifiable. 




 Before I say anything, it might be a glitch that got me banned, so I'm hoping for the best and trying to hold back my complaints.

Okay, so I have absolutely no proof that this just happened but it happened. I have no idea how. I just didn't have enough time to screen cap it.

So I decided to queue for a match. I have been kicked a few times before (Russians kicked me for saving an AK in 1v5 situation), however, I never received a cooldown.
So I turned on my game and pressed to queue for one.
There was no yellow cooldown message at the time.
Normally, If cooldown would have been issued before-hand it would have not let me queue. However, the queue was up and going.

I decided to minimize my window until I hear the accept button. 
(You can hear the "ready" sound when you minimize the window)
It was taking quite long, which got me suspicious, so I checked and apparently.. I've got a cooldown. Out of nowhere. And no, I don't care if it's 7 days or 30 minutes THIS shouldn't have happened.
I have no clue.

I never pressed any buttons, I never pressed BIG GREEN ACCEPT BUTTON or joined a game. Did absolutely nothing and yet I got a cooldown.
Ridiculous.


As to anyone wondering if it's just me, having memory problems, no, I absolutely did not press an accept button. 




 I love how the first terrorists line of sight was like a laser and you jumped past it :D 




 I love how people are so picky about the title.
It's just an uncommon scam that needs to be known, that's all. 









 Yup, the SSG skin with an Eagle I think. 




 "RoadToSilver"
nice
 




 How much are people going to repost this? 




 I don't know what happened, but apparently my comment got removed.
There is a higher spot than that were you can climb on a bridge. 




 I wanna know your crosshair 




 no its not 




 *krutdurk has changed his name to M-Dawg* 




 It's what made the skin for me IMO. 




 Damn son, where'd you find this? 




 It's okay, Valve will add some unique Music Kits to compensate for you. 









 Silver Elite Master is the barrier between Nova ranks, this is where the most struggle happens. Lots of smurfs and angry players trying to get that Nova rank. You'd call me stupid, but the skill of some players in SEM is that of a Nova 4 (without including the smurfs).  




 what 




 What they ment by saying "temporarily", was because the only way to get custom HUD's was through external websites, which could also carry along viruses/cheats that could get you in trouble ETC (although I haven't seen that happen).
My idea is that Valve is looking for a way to introduce custom HUD's through Workshop, as that would make the most sense. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR0WN55p_zI 




 Did you read it until the end?
P.s - You are a perfect representative for a troll, telling someone to kill themselves shows that you have internal problems with your family/friends, hope the problems get sorted out and you get better. 









 Hopefully it's a fix for the memory leak.
For those who don't know, ever since the last two updates the game would constantly get more stuttering after a while. 




 This is the worst I've seen yet. Wow. 




 It was there since Overpass was released.
I don't understand why people are upvoting this. 




 On most newer games not, for example on Battlefield your bullets take time to travel and have an angle, so if you are shooting from far away you have to aim slightly above or position yourself so that your bullets can properly hit.
That's why you can also get those moments when you and your enemy kill each-other at the same time.
It is a slower method, but it doesn't work for games like CS:GO or COD. 




 Projectile shitting? No.
They are hitscanning shit on Terrorists.

EDIT - In CSGO bullets do not travel like projectiles, they instantly get registered where to hit.  









 I will, I tried to do some cover for T's, again, depends on how people like it. 




 Because I'm using the new Train assets (models, textures).
I'm not a very good texture artist! :P 




 Guys, you are downvoting him but he's got a point. It's something that has been suggested cause it takes quite a bit of round time just getting from the spawn. Spawns will be shortened, but not significantly.  




 Explain please? How should I reposition them? 




 One day, we will be looking at this video laughing, remembering the good ole days of CS:GO, just like we look at the "door stuck" video and still crack a smile.
This is going to be big, mark my words. 




 Cause in real life big buildings (especially nuclear facilities) aren't built from plaster or metal foil? Haha.
As you can see garage is still wallbangable. 
It's going to be replica of current De_Nuke with better graphics. 




 Thank you, my remake relies a bit more on geometry and texture changes, rather than cluttering it with props, so you should have stable FPS when I release the map. 




 I'm making it for fun. Just like surf maps, people don't make them for profit. I'm sure there will be some casual servers with this map. I'll also host my own too. 




 Every map has different ways of approaching, so when you say make banana wider you mean remove the useless collumns that make firefights frustrating. As for the planks, sometimes you wan't to see clearly without revealing your position. It's also unnecessary clutter that we are talking about here. 




 It looks like T-Rekt sticker 




 It won't, depends on how people like it.
The doors will be able to be opened by grenades (If a grenade touches the door, kind of like 1.6) 




 Before any comments go, I'll explain a little bit.
The map is going to be identical to the current one besides graphical changes with new Train assets (which look good, by the way).
The only changes that will be seen are that the A heaven will be significantly reduced in walkable space (CT's will no longer be able to stand above Mini, or so called garage, giving an opportunity for T's to take A from outside garage pretty easily).
There will also be door from outside to squeeky.
All the other general things will be visibility, smokes and improved gameplay for Terrorist side, while still keeping balance in mind. 









 The planks and the banana obstacle are pretty useful IMO. 




 The same water texture is already on De_Nuke. 




 I wanted a map where if a cheater presses a common toggle key it would let other players in the server know he pressed that key.
There would be a prevention from spamming the message, and It wouldn't exactly show that someone is cheating, but it might look suspicious if he presses it at certain moments.
It's just out of curiosity 




 Well I'm looking for how to do it, not to know that you can do it.
Besides, I've already looked into website, it provides basic info but not the one I need in this case 




 Hey, I have a small question. Is it possible to make it so that if someone playing my map would press a certain key it would write in chat globally that "player1 pressed INSERT key"?

It's a rather stupid question, but I'm going to make a map where if you press the cheat keys it would let players in the server know.
Yes, I do realize that some people have binds, but it would be very obvious if someone is cheating or not based on rate of pressing it.

Anyways, just a question! I hope this is possible to do in Hammer, since I'm a map maker and I don't know how to host a server. 




 1. The demo was really low quality. Not sure if it's your fault.
2. How is that LEGEND?
3. I realize it's Silver, but cmon
4. The illuminati joke wasn't even funny, it was out of place.
5. Don't do MLG/Montage parody jokes unless you are going to edit the vid properly and upload it to /r/montageparodies. My personal experience.
6. Triple, but nothing special, srry. 




 You cannot use kill command in competitive. 




 Don't get me wrong, working on custom maps is always fun! However, it seems like more and more people are moving onto official gamemodes, as they can be beneficial if your map gets into an operation. A lot of people focus on making detailed environments for CS_ and DE_ maps, and for the Surf maps a lot of map makers are experienced on the gameplay itself and not the CS:GO engine capacity.
However, if someone has quite a bunch of free time and is willing to spend it for non-popularity/monetary cause he can make very detailed surf/other maps.

It's my point of perspective as a map maker, I tend to work on DE_, CS_ maps more as the competitive gamemode is one of the biggest.
Surf maps are bigger and harder to make, so there are less of developers for those. It's also hard to make the ramps and check the distances. 









 I never said it's impossible to bypass these things.
Either way I am willing to bet those who can bypass have a little bit more brain power and communication than the ones who constantly shout "cyka blyat" when you loose an eco. 














 He whines about someone cheating and gets banned by VAC himself.
VAC bans doesn't mean it's just CS:GO, VAC bans can be issued on any other game. 




 It's like a depository of matchmaking crap, a place full of smurfs, ragequitters and genuinely new players who get insantly kicked.
It's almost as if you are new to the game you will get insta-kicked because you do not meet "Silver" standards. 




 Get a fucking microphone

Q: "Hey guys let's rush B!"

A: "Shut up cyka blyat!!!!"

get a fucking working microphone

Q: "Hello, you guys wanna go B? (Proper quality microphone)

A: *Everyone goes A, xXDavidXx goes alone middle and gets wounded to death.
BOT Yogi is already approaching middle as well with a bomb in his hands.*

Did I mention getting a microphone?

Q: Yes?

A: Yes.

Don't argue with your teammates, they are human just like you

Q: "David, why did you go B? We told you to go A with us! Cmon man, teamwork is the key!"

A: "STFU!!! ZATKNISYJ!"

If you are the lurker, don't take the bomb.

*Bomb is at spawn, duuh.*

Drop the bomb behind if you are rushing in alone.

*Drops the bomb, dies* "WTF WHERES THE BOMB, OMG?!!!!"

Shut up if someone's trying to clutch

Say something - SHUT UP!!!

Don't say anything - WTF, WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME WHERE HE IS? WHY NO INFO???? 









 Wow, is it that time of the week? The repost day? 




 There's at least more than 700 users with that username. 









 Well it depends, I can hit a lot of jumps on Vertigo as well, except that I don't gain any speed. 




 Sometimes if you press crouch button after the 3 hops, if you time it enough it will reset the bhop limit so you don't need to stop.
That's what happened in the video, I believe.

Can't confirm though.  




 It's done on Valve's MM, I'm quite surprised I hit those jumps.
Thank you! :)

And yeah, I used to bhop on Source a lot after I saw Phoon's videos, It was almost like a kid trying to impersonate Superman :D 




