 What was the quote? 




 I don't think the girl who wants to be a "rigester nurse" will win. 




 Wow, your original dialogue is great  




 Do you go to my school? Lol 




 We have bell ringers for history too! It's like we're twins, BUT CLOSER! 




 That's what I did! 




 Will the metadata ever be investigated further? 




 Just like the cog buildings in Toontown  




 Let's stretch those shoulders! 




 You can type in the Pokemon you want on GTS if you go to the bottom of the alphabet list 




 Which one besides Washington and Oregon? 




 Thanks! 




 Does anyone know how to fix this? Peach literally jumps in the air and then floats back down without doing anything. 




 No presents?? Why? :( 




 You could just give them to me 




 You can do that? That seems unfair LOL! 




 If I reset my game to choose a different starter, can I get another shiny Beldum? Or could I just transfer it to Pokmon Bank and then onto my new game even if I delete my old save file? 




 Okay, I will preorder king DeDeDe, Ike, and probably Toon Link anyway. 




 Would it be a good idea to preorder some wave 3 amiibo online? 




 Oh I thought it was an online game or something and I thought there might not be many people online 




 That's what I was afraid of. 




 Is it still worth getting now? 




 YOU DONT GET IT 




 Well honestly I don't blame them if someone called them a geek. It hurts your feelings.  




 Thanks LOL 




 What is it like against all CPUs? 




 Is it worth it to get Smash U now if I have Smash 3D? I am definitely going to get Smash U, but I am wondering if I should just wait and ask for it for Christmas from my family. 




 Yay, CPUs! #nofriendswhoplay #ormaybejustnofriends 




 Thanks! 




 I am currently debating spending an extra $50. 




 What's the title for the matchup? 




 I play soccer, and the season is almost over since it's winter. I don't have anything to do besides homework. What do you guys do during winter (sports, hobbies, etc.)? 




 How long did they take to arrive after you got the shipping confirmation? 




 Can there be ai in smash tour? 




 Betsy (for Ganondorf) 




 I read something about if you plug your ds in like it's charging, the lag isn't as bad. if you want to try that. 









 I mean, I'll take it if you don't want it. 




 So can you only play this when you streetpass someone? 




 What if I play on all three teams? 




