 Old Man Riverwalk 




 Finally indeed! If I need to cross my fingers more for 3s, I'd end up injured. 




 We need more of this MANU! 




 Good God, Griffin is killing me. 




 MANU!!! 




 LOL. Love the scruffy look, though. 




 Two sweet words I love hearing: "Duncan converts." 




 Well, at least he said "No panic in the Spurs." 




 All set and ready on the couch. Go, Spurs, Go! 




 I assume your father's fist won? 




 I doubt he'll be getting another Dell anytime soon. 




 You're sane. And this article gave me the shivers. In a good way. 




 Parrots and cats on marijuana. In one room. Nothing can go wrong. 




 HODOR. 







































 So how much is a pizza? 









 He cleans up pretty nicely, doesn't he? 




 Can we say he has a "green bum"? 









 1030 AM here, but dammit, I just reconnected my NBA premium TV channel and it's not showing the game! 




 Sexeh! 









 I wonder if he can earn some cash giving people rides. 




 I am hoping with all my heart that you're right. 









 Probably. Everyone was talking about it, trying to figure out what it was, but we couldn't really come up with anything conclusive. 














 This is the most feasible solution, and you get to enjoy the camaraderie that's usually present in these situations. Just be a sport, win or lose. 



















 But would they do well (and breed) in captivity? They may very well die in those conditions... 









 Yup. We've had a good run, and no matter what happens, real Spurs fans will be there for the team. 









 Or mom's station wagon 














 If I get those kinds of presents, yes! 




 Someone had to say it. 




 All braced...and, awesome mashup! 




 ...Manu one has become my new phone background/favorite picture ever

That's exactly what I am going to do. If I can upvote this post a gazillion times, I would! 




 Same here except I used a different shortcut. Best thing about iOS 8.3! 




 Or does he do adoptions? 




 I just can't get over it. 




 Weird. I just clicked it again, and it's displaying properly. 




 This is probably a stupid question, but is this stitched, crocheted, or...? 





























 This is what I get for binge-watching tv shows I guess.

Pretty much. 




 It is sad indeed, but yes, he deserves the rest. His playing style doesn't really contribute to his physical state. 

What he said, though, "I am bound to San Antonio for life"...I'll have to say it's reciprocal. *The feels*
 









 This is interesting. Reminds me of Dune. 




 Sorry, I can't find another link. Suffice it to say that it's not a pretty sight - huge black pipes spewing out black water. 














 Theon...hahaha. Love me my sausages, but I don't think I can eat this item if I were at your party. 









 Light a vanilla candle, get settled in bed, play on my iPad and read till I fall asleep. 









 I guess that would be the rock of music that I like.

Good one. 




 Now he's upped his worth by gajillions. 














