














 Oddly enough, Worstall reaffirms Piketty here: the postwar 1920s, 1950s and 1960s (two wars, remember) strongly appear to be anomalies that interrupted the normal trend towards concentration of wealth and slowing growth in richer countries. Nothing disrupts norms like "blowing stuff up". 
























 "the Four Corners are in the San Juan Basin, the most productive basin for natural-gas production from coal in North America. Some 60,000 wells are at work there extracting methane from coal. 

Just a coincidence, no doubt. 




 Quick thoughts...

Insulation and window retrofits are very effective in most areas, although not cheap. Electricity efficiency may or may not be the most effective way to reduce emissions, depending on where your local power comes from and what your costs are (if you can save high dollars while reducing emissions, approvals are much easier). Recycling is a biggie anywhere, saving about 6% of carbon emissions nationally. Encourage kids and staff to walk or bike to school, and push for safe routes to do so.  




 "Along with the sage grouse provision, the bill would legislatively delist wolves in the Great Lakes and Wyoming and would limit the government's ability to regulate ivory and the use of lead in ammunition and fishing tackle.

So pandering to a few miners and ranchers, plus rural duck hunters who want their lead shot and ivory-inlaid shotguns.
 



















 TL;DR: It's all about TV.

Even of the 10% going to "digital advertising"--the second-largest category after television--a large amount is simply fundraising appeals to build the TV ad budget. Same goes for "events".

 




 "The measure provides $7.5 billion for the EPA, an estimated $717 million or 9 percent cut from its current appropriation." 

http://www.politico.com/story/2014/07/epa-budget-cuts-house-republicans-108670.html 




 FutureGen is not a company; this was the long, multi-billion-dollar US government attempt to make CCS economical. Similar attempts at CCS have failed in other countries. 




 Yeah, this is a baby step, but we can be sure it won't be the last step. The mere fact that they've agreed on the need to quit fossil fuels, with most of that by 2050, is quite a landmark, don't you think?  




 From here on, we can be sure of one thing: no one who matters will ignore or deny the climate mess as they have done. But CCS has been an unmitigated failure, and not for lack of trying. [FutureGen](http://www.statejournal.com/story/28085707/futuregen-20-a-unique-clean-coal-failure) has failed--twice--and has now been cancelled again. The brutal fact is that CCS was never anything more than a sop to coal-dependent states, most of which also happen to be important political swing states (KY, OH, VA, WV, TN, NC, CO, MT, NM). Burying cubic miles of CO2 at high pressure in hundreds of sites, without possibility of any leaks forever, is simply impractical. It's just much cheaper to switch to cleaner energy and better energy efficiency. 




 Global environmental agreements can also work well, as Montreal proved. 



















 And how does one do that while continuing to burn fossil fuels? CCS shows no promise of ever becoming close to economical at scale. 




 http://www.wri.org/sites/default/files/WRI13-IPCCinfographic-FINAL_web.png 




 Some progress is better than none, and this is definitely not the last time we'll see world leaders stepping up their action on the climate mess. Stay tuned. 




 Not really. We already have four times more in known reserves than we can burn. 




 A false choice. SA can screw Iran, Russia and the US shale industry while also liquidating assets that will soon lose their value. 



























































 After everybody in the current G7 are dead. Convenient.

You do realize that it'll take a lifetime to phase out carbon fuels, right? I'm a fanatic about doing this, but even I realize that it requires several decades. The G7 leaders are talking about 70% emissions reductions by 2050, which is nothing short of impressive. 




 No. We actually have around four times more in present reserves than we can burn. 


































 Unfortunately, he will provide political cover to somewhat lesser whores to the fossil fuel industry such as Bush, Santorum and Cruz. 














 paywalled 









 Good points in other comments here, but don't lump "renewables" together if you want a good answer. Remember that the largest renewable energy source today is hydropower, which is definitely limited by the "extraction", so to speak, of a very finite number of suitable dam sites. Wind and biomass are also limited by available site constraints. Solar is not much limited by those, and will be even less limited as its efficiencies continue to improve. 




 Think again. The large majority of fossil fuel subsidies are [*consumption* subsidies](https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/E3QQGObK-7eJPpXn3R5RR2MzUvM=/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/3355188/Screen_Shot_2015-01-29_at_12.34.26_PM.0.png) - handouts to make oil, gas and coal cheap - and most are outside North America and Europe.

And those are just the direct taxpayer handouts. The *indirect* handouts to build fossil fueled infrastructure, to defend fossil fuel production regions and transport routes, and to deal with the health and environmental costs of pollution, are in the trillions per year. For example, [this recent analysis](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/fossil-fuel-subsidies-cost-5-trillion-annually-and-worsen-pollution/?) quantifies only a portion of it, without considering the infrastructure and military costs. Roughly speaking, we spend 5-10% of the world economy to prop up the fossil fuel business.

That is the real cost of our addiction. The drug dealer analogy is a great one. 




 corporate tax incidence falls mostly on labor 

Again, that sounds suspiciously close to dodging the issue, which, again, is the fact that *much or most* of corporate taxes fall on shareholders, so, even if 51% of the burden falls on labor--which it probably does not--any corporate tax cut still disproportionately benefits major owners of capital.

Is corporate tax incidence controversial and debatable? Of course. But there is little doubt that it would take a very progressive tax hike elsewhere to offset a major slash of corporate tax, preventing a shift of tax burdens from rich to middle and lower classes.

 




 Well, it would be if drug dealers received $550 billion per year in taxpayer handouts, then spent some of that largesse on propaganda to convince us that drug addiction is beautiful and patriotic. 




  Less capital intensive firms have a higher labor incidence, even if you use the Harberger model.

Yet the trend is towards greater capital intensity, and has been since before Harberger.

We don't tax stock, we tax the income gained from holding stock.

We are discussing corporate income tax, which is an indirect tax on shareholder returns.

it would shift burden from low   middle income individuals to high income individuals. 

Only if shareholders bear little or no part of the corporate tax burden, yet they bear much or most of it. Any tax cut for them is paid by someone farther down the food chain. 




  Most of the corporate tax incidence is already on non-supervisory labor.

For Walmart, yes. For Facebook, definitely not. The future will bring more companies like the latter. And there is no question (Harberger, etc.) that shareholders generally bear *much* of the corporate tax burden if not most of it.

The reduction in net distortionary costs is large enough that a fairly small increase in the top rate of income taxation would be sufficient 

Except that the issue here is taxing wealth, not income. Shares are wealth. Substituting top-bracket personal income taxes for corporate taxes would simply shift burdens from the elite to the upper middle class. 




 Utrecht has a population of 331,000; Nantes has 283,000. That's not much larger than bike-friendly US cities like Madison, WI, with about 245,000.

In the States, the [most bike-friendly cities](http://guide.bicycling.com/ride-maps/featured-rides/2014-americas-best-bike-cities) tend to be larger university towns. Seems odd that none made the list.
 














 Sure, but those systems began as means to create larger tax bases, not as ways to shift burdens from rich to poor. Very different, that. 




 True, which is why none of these companies are American. BTW, ALEC *is* the Kochs. 




 Perhaps, but beware the means to that end. Do you think the US, for example, would readily embrace a wealth tax, or large raises in cap gains or estate taxes, to replace the corporate income tax? If not, abandoning the corporate income tax would simply shift still more tax burdens onto the middle and lower classes. Try that and you'd quickly see just how fast a strong political left can rise in this country.
 



















 Nice answer. Interesting that you should mention Suncor, however, which is conspicuously absent in this group--along with all the US majors and the worldwide nationals. 




 We agree! Hysteria serves no purpose. However, healthy concern does, and that was what led to the successful cleanup of rivers, to the Clean Air Act, to the Montreal Protocol. 

Now we have a far larger challenge before us, with much harsher penalties for inaction. Yet, as you may have noticed, a third of the population and half of our leaders insist that it is no problem at all. How do we motivate them without pointing to the dire consequences of this?  




 No, but the issue here is Federal subsidies and mandates, which only apply to US crops. 




 Encouraging palm oil is not an issue in the US, but oilseeds such as camelina are. They rotate well with other crops, especially dryland grains. 









 Okay, corn-based ethanol didn't work out and should be retired. However, biodiesel definitely does work, often without displacing food crops, and it accounts for nearly 20% of biofuel production. It's worth keeping that baby while tossing out the ethanol bathwater. 



















 It's Rupert Murdoch's WSJ. I'm surprised they didn't add horns to Kerry's helmet. 




 Precisely why conservatives so often want to leave decisions to the states and counties. Lower-level representatives are more easily bribed. Media oversight is poor. The poor are more easily ignored.  




 Mark Lynas, is that really you? If so, thanks for "Six Degrees"! 




 Imagine the cost savings if America returned IRS funding to operable levels in order to catch more tax cheats.  




 What is more political than the distribution of money and rewards? If anything confuses me, it's economists insisting that this discipline exists in a plane far above politics. 




 Precisely. Reminds me of a Tea Party-infested town hall meeting I once endured in a moribund, small, Western city, where all proposed economic solutions came back to the way tax cuts would supposedly attract major businesses because land was already cheap (because no one wanted to live there). Meanwhile, no one seemed aware that the area's largest employers were the Federal and state governments.

Brownback-style grandstanding definitely serves the short-term interests of those who sit at the top of the tight local hierarchy. They may talk about bringing the world to Kansas, but they are really much
more focused on keeping the world away, to remain the biggest fish in the pond. 




 Then again, God doesn't keep Inhofe in office. Oil money does. 




 "So, why are the Texas Three trying to cut funding to such a vital field?...they have chosen to punish the field that brought climate change to light and stifle future research in the discipline so they can sweep the study of the Earth under the rug (or just try to erase it from the record). They want to cast this as fiscal responsibility and prioritizing sciences but read it as it really is: political games that threaten the country and the planet.

Uh, they're from Texas, remember? They are bankrolled by the fossil fuel industry, which gives 85-90% of its political money to Repubs, with a bonus for *Texas* Repubs. They aren't playing games. To say they are whoring is an insult to whores, who don't endanger the lives of millions. 




 Time to face the fact that CCS was never anything more than a political boondoggle to keep U.S. coal states in the fold?

Ever notice that most coal-dependent states just happen to also be the most critical electoral swing states: Kentucky, Colorado, West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, Montana, Ohio? 




 There's only one solution for this asshole: death by snowballs. 




 That's false equivalency. Cleaning up some rivers and smog decades ago doesn't reduce the urgency of the climate mess now. I'm optimistic that we'll solve this before catastrophe and warfare break out, but there's a significant and growing chance that we won't.  









 Jeb will *never* shake off that monkey on his back.  




 Considering that the world's largest industry consistently gives 85-90% of its U.S. political money to Republicans, we can easily replace "GOP" with "fossil fuels" in this headline. 














 Our Saudi friends are hogging all the suicide missions against us? It may take me some time to get my head around this. 




 ARGO data is both relatively new and decidedly sketchy, not only because the ARGO float fleet was smallish until recently, but also because the mechanics of the floats' measuring devices were imperfect. To further confuse the matter, some studies have lumped ARGO measurements together with the old bathymetric data that was even less reliable, demonstrably erring on the warm side. That created the likely false appearance of a flat or even cooling trend.

http://www.skepticalscience.com/cooling-oceans.htm 




 A RICO suit against the fossil fuel industry and its allies? Yeah, it'll probably come to that, and the bastards at Exxon, Koch, Chevron, Peabody et al have been fully aware of it for years. But this will make the Big Tobacco suit look like a picnic. 




 Leave it to the Globe And Mail to shill once more for the Canadian fossil fuels biz. 




 Chris Mooney nails it again. And what a chart!

Who knew that Jehovah's Witnesses, who almost totally reject evolution, are among the more supportive of environmental regulation? 

  




 Your family member is simply reading to buttress his motivated reasoning, cherry-picking whatever data supports his preconceptions. He is [very far off](http://www.climatecentral.org/news/global-warming-ocean-heat-18905) with his statements about lack of excess warming in the oceans. 

However, you won't change his mind, because his objections are entirely political, not scientific. (First clue: rants about "warmists".) Would this family member be politically and/or religiously conservative, by any chance?  









 Another way to look at this is to ask what we are *not* investing in, and why. That's often a better question in that most stock investors hold a broad basket of stocks, so it's the missing pieces that are most telling.

For me, the largest missing chunks are:

 Energy: all energy stocks are in for a long, rough ride as carbon regs loom and low-cost oil producers like the Saudis liquidate their assets while they can. That will continue for decades. Meanwhile, coal is a dead man walking, shale gas is coming under growing scrutiny for both methane leaks and groundwater pollution, and all energy sources--even renewables--are being whacked by the oil liquidators. 

 Banks: more regulation, higher reserve requirements, and a global abundance of capital with nowhere to go.

 Tobacco: nasty business with little upside. 


 







































 I think you're on to the core issue: many of the world's young now identify as members of the global community at least as much as they identify as part of a given nation, tribe or religious sect. That's especially true in wealthier countries.

Chalk it up to globalization, pervasive electronic media, the spread of English, the advance of science, and the long worldwide outbreak of peace and prosperity. 




 Studies (Haidt, etc.) suggest they are acting more from fear and tribal loyalty. Cultural conservatives in many cultures tend to recoil from scary stimuli and violations of social norms. There is actually [strong evidence](http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/intersection/2011/09/07/your-brain-on-politics-the-cognitive-neuroscience-of-liberals-and-conservatives/#.VWinSGCkJG4) that this is linked to differences in brain structure itself. 
























 Not much different from previous generations. Except that they had employer pensions to cover retirement. 
 




 "The study also notes an 'increasing acknowledgment that religion is not consistent with scientific understanding' could be driving adolescents away from religion." 

Bingo. The author could have gone straight to this without all the bogus speculation about selfish social atomization. 

And the time period studied is also more than a little suspect. The U.S. went through a major religious revival in the early 1950s, so using that as a starting point will show a decline in religiosity in *any* subsequent decade. 














 Renewables are already profitable. See: FirstSolar, Sunpower, Tesla, Vestas, etc.. Most of those stocks have outperformed Exxon over the past three years.

Exxon has repeatedly vowed to stay out of renewables because, unlike tobacco companies buying pot businesses, renewables do not *complement* oil and gas; they directly compete with it. 




 Yes. Basalt floods, large meteor impacts and Milankovitch cycles (the Earth's orbital cycles that drive ice ages). But we understand the latter very well, and our species hasn't been around long enough to experience either of the former two. 




 Is a Google search too difficult? 

http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/science/indicators/weather-climate/heavy-precip.html 




 Notice that Goddard does not cite his graph's source. It completely contradicts those from [The National Climate Assessment](http://nca2014.globalchange.gov/report/our-changing-climate/heavy-downpours-increasing) and [NOAA](http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/science/indicators/weather-climate/heavy-precip.html). (That NOAA page was down so I linked an EPA page showing the NOAA data.) 

Unsurprising. Despite no background in science, Goddard/Heller is a regular with fossil fuel front groups Heartland Institute and the Science   Public Policy Institute. 




 Yeah, and those renewables will eat *Exxon's* revenue stream, so Exxon works to keep them down. 




 We have met the enemy. 




 Bias? In ranked lists of city rainfall stats?  



















 skepticalscience.com has most of what you seek. 




 It's Texas. They're clinging to the fossil fuels industry that defines the whole state and its sprawling, gas-guzzling ideal. 




 Of course, because the economy's size and complexity aren't increasing at all. 




 "This doesn't work. At the very least it destroys your EROEI, forcing you to extract more and lower EROEI carbon. 

Hey, it sure works if you're an oil exec desperate for a climate solution that brings you still more subsidies. 




 Unfortunately, this is just a pivot from denying the climate problem to insisting that the best way to solve it is to spend an ungodly fortune burying fossil fuel exhaust, handing yet another massive taxpayer subsidy to oil and coal companies. The much, much cheaper solution is to outlaw fossil fuels, but that would also outlaw Shell, which, like nearly all other fossil fuel companies, has dropped any serious effort to develop competing energy sources because those would cannibalize their core business lines. 




 https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/summary.php?cycle=2014 ind=E01

http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/11/list-countries-co2-per-capita.png 









 Yeah, but Repubs had more *room* to move to the extreme due to the unfair and increasingly antique extra voting power allowed to rural areas and sparsely populated states, which have become more conservative as the educated and secular young have moved to the cities.  




 Okay, it's 90% Republicans who are guilty of this. And the fossil fuel industry gives 90% of its political money to Republicans; what a coincidence. 














 Thanks, although I see that free-marketeer downvoters have already passed judgement on the headline alone. Figures.

The article does seem far-fetched, but I love the peacock tail analogy, and it's likely that competition will continue to dominate economics for that reason: the selfish desire to dominate rivals and attract higher-value sexual partners won't vanish from the human species anytime soon, and financial striving is the main proxy for both desires, so competition will always edge out cooperation until our descendants devise a way to better themselves (which they or their machine creations probably will, but not in my time).  














 broken link 




 "Okay, I admit that I'm trashing the climate, endangering millions of lives and heaping trillions in costs on your grandchildren, but you'll have to pay me plenty to stop." 














 *If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and/or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State.*

Substitute "political party" for "State" in the above, and it appears that not much has changed since Goebbels' day. 




 Bingo. Republican Party leaders aren't *blinded by* echo chambers; they *use* echo chambers to keep the rank-and-file blind. The leadership is all too aware of how real the climate mess is, and what a threat solving it poses to their oil and coal industry sugar daddies. They simply play dumb while knowingly screwing the world's poor and vulnerable. 




 Well, you've partly answered your own question, in that you've identified temperature as something other than atmospheric CO2 that has a long trail of ancient evidence. Is your friend familiar with things like the fossil record?

As for temperature trends since the 1850s, the slope of the rise has been [steadily steepening](http://jennifermarohasy.com//wp-content/uploads/2009/06/hammer-graph-4-us-temps.jpg) (with some "noise" along the way). And temps now have likely exceeded the heights of the past 10,000 years, which is particularly striking because until now, the trend has been towards [steady but gentle *cooling*](http://www.skepticalscience.com//pics/Holocene_Temperature_Variations_Marcott_500.png) over the past 8,000 years. 




 Your friend is hugely ignorant of the facts on this one. There is abundant and reinforcing climate data that extends far beyond recorded history. Air bubbles trapped in 600,000-year old ice; fossilized coral growth rings and tree growth rings; fossils that reveal varying distributions of climate-sensitive species over many millions of years; ancient plant stomata; populations of benthic forams, etc.. 




 In the US, gas taxes pay for less than half of road construction and maintenance. General fund taxes pay about the same share and taxpayer-funded bonds pay nearly all the rest.

The trucking industry is the real freeloader here. Trucks do more than 90% of road damage yet pay only 30% of fuel taxes and a much smaller share of other taxes. 














 Just another attack on cyclists by conservatives.

First, most road taxes are paid by general funds and bonds, not gas taxes, so drivers have *no* special right to the road.

Second, trucks account for more than 90% of road wear yet pay only 30% of fuel taxes, so *they* are the freeloaders here to the tune of $50-60 billion per year nationwide.

Third, cars and trucks contribute to the climate crisis while cyclists help solve it. 

Etcetera. But logic has nothing to do with this finger to cyclists.   




 The difference: we need farmers. 




 Goodbye television? Uh, no.  




 "todays forests are going to be subject to continued increases in mortality rates that will result in substantial reorganization of their structure and carbon storage.

Translation: another warming feedback. 




 [Already happening.](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2015/01/150120-thermos-like-passive-homes-heat-up-in-the-us/) 














 Among other things, staying within 1.5C is possible only if rich countries will pay poor countries to do it. And why shouldn't we? We, our parents and grandparents caused most of this problem, and we each still pollute at many times the rate of the world's poor. Yet we cannot even meet our promises to fund the measly $100 billion Green Climate Fund, which is the only substantial step taken to date. 









 http://citizensclimatelobby.org

http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/ 




 Not really. The difference between fossil fuel pollution costs and externalities from other industries is that the former have been extensively studied and quantified. This IMF paper simply draws upon those many refereed foundations.  














 Unfortunately, I doubt that polite appeals will move rich countries to keep their promises.  




 [Related article.](http://www.rtcc.org/2015/05/21/green-climate-fund-says-its-funded-and-open-for-business/) 














 "Technically possible" but politically impossible until the rich world takes the [Green Climate Fund](http://www.rtcc.org/2015/05/21/green-climate-fund-says-its-funded-and-open-for-business/) more seriously. 




 So progressive college towns are more bike-friendly than big cities. Count me unshocked.

Interesting to see Minneapolis as the only real city on the list, however.  




 He says that 97% of publishing climate scientists don't know what they're talking about, and then he accuses *them* of intellectual arrogance? 

Only from a Bush. 




 Wrist-slap fines, and no one has gone to jail. 




 "Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that human activity has led to climate change. Ninety-seven percent. But Jeb Bush thinks they're wrong. Who's being intellectually arrogant now?" said Holly Shulman, DNC spokeswoman. 



















 "Hypothetical costs"?  




 I admit that including traffic accidents seems a stretch, but that's a very small share of the total cost, and the rest is quite well documented. 




 True enough, but I doubt that changing the source of taxes would influence the sprawl problem one way or the other. However, paying from general funds *would* eliminate one of our most regressive taxes, and it would also kill the bad but pervasive argument that bicycles have no right to the roads because they pay no gas tax. 



















 http://www.energypost.eu/historic-moment-saudi-arabia-sees-end-oil-age-coming-opens-valves-carbon-bubble/ 




 That, and the unpalatable fact that smolders at the heart of the disconnect between rich and poor countries...

...namely, that we richies put nearly all of the excess CO2 into the air, profited from it, and each of us still pollutes at 4-20 times the rate of those in developing countries, so people in those poor countries will continue to pollute until we pay them not to. And try selling *that* to your Tea Party neighbors. 




 Oil prices likely won't recover. Low-cost oil nations are dumping their product while they can, before carbon pollution regs kick in. SA alone has decades of production left in major fields like Ghawar, meaning that they'll keep pumping until the world says they can't. 




 "Warning shots". Good one. On the same night of August 2, the US launched: 1) a commando landing in North Vietnam, which resulted in a firefight; 2) a CIA bombing raid on North Vietnam; and, 3) a US ship incursion far into North Vietnamese territorial waters, firing on North Vietnamese boats when challenged.  




 How about we just pay for roads the way most countries do, through general funds, or triple taxes on the trucking companies that cause more than 90% of road damage while paying only 30% of fuel taxes? 




 Vietnam has not "admitted they initiated the attack on the Maddox" on August 2, and there remains abundant dispute on this point.

US Defense Secretary McNamara himself later admitted that the second "attack", on August 4, never happened.

However, there is no dispute that North Vietnam claimed a 12 mile territorial limit, in line with South Vietnam's claim, the former French claim (20km) and the claims of most nations at the time, including the United States. Yet the Maddox was ordered to within *four miles* of the North Vietnamese coast on August 2, and may have gone closer still. And this was at the same approximate time as a botched US commando landing on North Vietnam's coast *and* CIA bombing of eastern North Vietnam, from bases in Thailand. All that is "legal monitoring"? No, it is not. These are acts of war, they were all conducted in concert and in secret, and the result was a giant lie and millions dead. George Ball also admitted as much. Face it: the only justification for the Vietnam War was the U.S. desire to swing a big dick, which failed miserably. You'd think we'd have learned something from that. 




 "It's estimated that a further increase in sea level of one foot - just one foot - by the end of this century could cost our nation $200 billion," Obama will say.

Unfortunately, the consensus estimate for sea level rise this century is at least double that, with a strong possibility of being much higher still, and the financial damages of higher levels are exponential, not linear. And let's not forget that the last time the Earth had 400 ppm CO2, as it now does thanks to us, sea levels rose to around *65 feet* higher than today. 




 More like provocation, sailing into Vietnamese territorial waters and back out again to draw fire. There is *no* evidence that the Vietnamese attacked first. 

Sure, that was worth [millions dead](http://thevietnamwar.info/how-many-people-died-in-the-vietnam-war/) and an indelible stain on American honor. 




  Um both are distorting markets though.

Yeah, but, as the article says, renewable energy subsidies distort markets in order to *solve* a gigantic global problem while fossil fuel subsidies distort markets while making that problem worse. Bit of a difference there, but one should never let facts disrupt a good false equivalency. 




 They might. But in this hypothetical, Myanmar is a strong military dictatorship, so its neighbors might decide a few dying forests aren't worth a war. And most of the countries impacted by its climate engineering are at a considerable distance. 




 It's a Weitzman paper on how to control the "free driver" problem, which is explained a little more [here](https://books.google.com/books?id=2KIpBQAAQBAJ pg=PA39 lpg=PA39 dq=weitzman+free+driver source=bl ots=Gksyfg77Wy sig=UaOUXbzsCn7c9T_j3oouCPC4CME hl=en sa=X ei=Aq9cVYfTJ8ODsAX_u4CICQ ved=0CFEQ6AEwBA#v=onepage q=weitzman%20free%20driver f=false). 




 http://scholar.harvard.edu/weitzman/publications/voting-architecture-governance-free-driver-externalities-application 



















 C'mon and grow a pair, Economist. It's not *energy* subsidies that are cooking the climate while distorting markets, it's *fossil fuel* subsidies.

Still, OP, thanks for posting this. 




 Perhaps brother George's rush to invade Iraq *was* due to faulty intelligence: his. 




