 He quit on his own.. He left the show cause it was to much for him.

I think season 7,8,9 were Larry free. 




 I used windex / glass cleaner on mine and it cleaned it all up 




 Love his reviews.

I have the moto and still love it. 

Everyone I know that has a smartwarch always comments on how much they prefer the 360 and wish they bought one of these instead.. (They all have either a Samsung or Sony) 




 It had its merits, but compared to the rest of the seasons, the finale was mediocre at best.

They invited Larry David back to help write the last episode, maybe that was the ingredient that ruined it. 




 Or that Hank isn't drinking Alamo 




 Mine worked with no side loading or anything, best of all it works for my Nexus 6 and my iPhone at the same time!! 




 There is soot under my boys fingers!! 




 I think even Arnie knew this would be posted at some stage. 




 Hey Cotton, come meet Hanks new neighbour, he's Japanese.... 




 /r/trashyboners 




 Your username.. "Its pronounced Khan, right?" 




 I have every nexus device (except the 10) and currently have an iPhone 6 and an iPad Air 2 (both work), the Nexus 6 is still phone I prefer to use (just edges out the iPhone 6) and the Nexus 9 is always my goto Tablet (Massively wins against the iPad).

You will love the Nexus 9.

 




 That's ok.. Kickass.to is the way to go these days. 




 I kind of figured as much, although the more I read it, the more my head hurt. 




 Cats are shit and they suck. 




 The dark web is pretty much dead, it's slow and pointless.

Obviously their are probably some dirt bags out there looking at shit they shouldn't be.

What are you trying to find on there? The dark web isn't that safe environment it once was, where you could find interesting leaks and conspiracies etc, its now just like using the web back in the dial up days before google existed. 




 I'm stuck trying the figure out what you're asking, and I'm male. 




 Keep in mind, 99% of people will jump online and bitch and moan about how bad their device is, no one goes onto forums to start a new post of "I bought a Nexus 9 and it works fine"

A lot of us haven't had any issues at all, knock on wood, mine has been brilliant and stable since day one, and I was an early adopter. 




 That's what pissed me off the most about her! 

That part was voiced and written perfectly.  




 That was the best relationship, he always took little stabs at her, you don't know if she was ignorant, or purposely ignorant to them. 




 Competition to a brilliant already existent,  free service? 




 Peggy aggravates me so damn much!

You either love her or hate her.  




 Other way around for me, I never had issues on 5.0.2, the upgrade to 5.1.1 has made it a touch snappier if anything 




 I received 5.1.1 through Google as an OTA update..

Nothing to write home about. My N9 works the same as it did before 




 Yup.. this is in 5.1, or am I getting my 2 phones confused? (I have an iphone 6 as a work phone) 




 You were unlucky. 

Just install the update again. As a precaution, enable OEM unlock 




 Well written mate, 

The quick reply from the notification is already there as a part of 5.1 




 I've seen this so many times, but never seen the video.. Is there a clip of this? 




 All of these are great inclusions, but not something I see as being a milestone build like 6.0..

I think Android M will be 5.2 and will slowly integrate features like this. 

I wish the developers of Android would read threads like these out there more often and see what the basics are that people want  




 Hangouts should die a firey death. 

Thankfully for people like me that just want SMS, google released Messenger. 




 THIS!

I have a little bit of OCD, and it takes me forever setting up folders and icons 




 As sarcastic as your post is, it unfortunately looks like it's heading this way. 




 Like the Surface? 

I don't mind this idea, but then again, isn't an Android tablet the same thing? 




 isn't it a basic part of the build? 




 All the apps download and my wallpaper is there, but  that's it..

Positions don't get recreated, SMS through messenger isn't backed up, music is lost, photos are lost (yes I have them in drive, but it's not the same). 




 Haha.. I'll pay that one 




 But play services could control it? 




 Yeah but I need to root for that. Why should I have to root to get basic functionality 




 Google services has been nothing but a pain in the ass. 

Especially location services, they destroy my battery  




 Even better, I want to be able to read or dismiss an email for instance, and it be dismissed on ALL of my devices.  




 This is what I have been hoping for since I first had an iPhone 3g.. As much as I hate iTunes for everything else, the backup process is flawless and apple should be commended.

I want to be able to factory reset my phone and then be able to restore it to how it was the last time I backed it up.  




 What do you think Google will do with this update?

- Material design is too new to be altered, unless they make minor improvements.


- Volt revisited? Better battery life and CPU management?


- Give us back the led control?


- Further ingrain your phone backup with google drive? 




 Not gonna hold my breath.. 




 Well, how would each manufacturer have their way of modifying the image and apps for their devices?

(Not being arrogant, genuinely asking your thoughts).

Google did this with their abortion of a nexus, the Galaxy Nexus.. That brief moment where a Nexus wasn't a Nexus. 




 Who sends them is what I was after.. 

So, all manufacturers needs to have their replies / images back to google, then google will release it hey?.. that's good in a way, means that all watches should uphold the 2 year support. 




 thanks mate, 

To be honest, I have been really surprised by my Moto, and it's a fantastic device so far.

If they release the same size but thinner, I'm all over it. 

The basics will be that it has a better screen when it comes to resolution and tech used... well, you'd hope so. 




 Thanks mate, great reply.

The only one of those changes that I am a fan of is probably the WiFi support.  




 Is there then a 'Nexus' type watch? one that Google uses as a Guinea Pig? 

Please say it's the Moto 360 :) 




 With Android wear basically being the 'nexus' ROM for watches, are all consumers receiving the updates from Google or do the individual manufacturers play with them first and then releasing them?..

 




 EXACTLY what my Moto did a few days ago, I was ready to launch it through a window thinking something was wrong with it.

As soon as I placed it on the charger it sprung back to life instantly. 




 Is this the update that bring WiFi support to the Moto 360 and others?

Apart from that, what else is 5.1.1 tagging along with it?

I received my 5.1.1 update for my Nexus 9 this morning, and 'meh'.. Once you're on Lollipop it's all the same. 




 Dropping it.. 




 This.

I wish they would just activate this from factory 




 I'm guessing she took a tumble?

If I zoom in on your screen, it actually makes a cool looking wallpaper 




 I find this post just as I start updating my N9..

 




 If I could go back to when I was 14, I would punch 14 year old me in the mouth the moment I touched that first cigarette.

Nothing cool about smoking or vaping.

I vape cause I used to smoke, now I'm giving up vaping. 




 I got it too, started from 5.0 and hasn't happened since 5.1.1..... Yet 




 That was done perfectly.

For some reason, I wish it had a little of him from episode 1 where he talks about the spark plugs and how the go BOOM BOOM! 




 I think MKBHD has started dropping his quality lately.. I just don't get that same quality vibe from him as I did a year ago.

Michael has always been consistent. 

To both their credits though, they are both very non biased. 




 Not me specifically, but I would love to fuse a cow and a pig. 

Imagine having cow sized bacon pieces!!

I have even named it as a Pow. 




 Well, fish can stay under that menu... 




 The Slavic Squat. 




 Dunno, anything before the Nexus 4 was a little iffy in my books 




 3 years ago we would've cringed at the thought of an LG phone!

Give huawei the chance that we all gave LG 




 Grab the free version off the play store as a sample, but I can assure you it's well worth it.

Just remember, the only limitation you'll have is what the manufacturer will let you see via the port.

Codes has worked on all my cars so far. 




 Really??

Like enginuity or openecu, but mobile?? 




 Pretty simple really, I don't want to.. 

Time and engineering making a tube with threads.

Still not buying your argument, completely understand where you're coming from, but don't agree that it costs that much for a mech mod. 




 Most people these days (majority of Reddit) wouldn't really know what the cycle duty of an injector meant, Torque as an app definitely needs some advertising.

A good ODBII scanner can cost a fortune, and going to a dealer to clear a code can be quite costly.

The full app costs $4.00, this is a tiny fraction of what a scanner can set you back.

I replaced a faulty 02 sensor on my Subaru a while back, I knew it was the 02 sensor because of Torque Pro, and then cleared the code using the same app.  




 Fantastically. 

The full version is great. 

It also depends on what info your ECU will relay out via the ODB2 connection, but for the most part it will show pretty much everything.

I love using it to view and clear codes as well. 

In the past I've used it to display water temp, boost, vacuum, injector cycle duty, etc.. 




 Funny enough, my 2012 Nexus 7 has the 5.1.1 update this morning.. 23mb! 

 




 Torque Pro

Get a $10 obd2 sender from eBay first 




 Thanks mate :) 




 That's quicker than my nexus 9 




 Completely understand that, but a mechanical mod? Really?

Provari have an awesome lab and some great techs there,

 you can't tell me it was that hard to design a logo to be etched on a tube when it comes to mech mods

All that separates most mechs is the button. 




 Yup.. With moderate use and ambient screen off, from 8am to 10pm I'm averaging about 50% battery at the end of day. 




 That band reminds me of that old brand that you don't see anymore.. UCB - United Colours Benetton, or however it was spelt. 




 Whats with all the hate of fasttech?

As listed by others, they always deliver, they refund, the have pretty much everything for sale at a great price.

You're paying $7 for a Clone of a Clone, what do you expect?? They sell pricier clones and they're brilliant.

Every one of the clones I've bought from fasttech have been fantastic.

There is a lot of people on here that will bash them purely cause they are a little butthurt for paying 30x the price of the clone, but that's their problem.

If you can afford the original product, that's fantastic, and all power to you. 

Let's be realistic here, a copper tube with a little imprint on the side is definitely not worth $150+

Explain to me how Kayfun can justify their prices for a tank?  




 It took me a while, but I got there eventually 




 Sure is, but still so relevant.

I hate you. 




 I'm not racist, I just hate everyone equally. 




 This is the only form of 'social networking' I do.. 

Facebook taking over would fuck me over royally.  




 Bhahaha 




 Depends on what type of asshole you are.

I had one girl literally stalking me, telling me that she loved how much of arrogant asshole I am.

I was conflicted on how to accept the compliment.. (Think it was a compliment) 




 From reading the sob story, the first thing I thought of was "maybe there is something wrong with this guy"..

Yup. 

He sounds like all the people out of /r/justneckbeardthings. (The memes, not the members) 




 All I need is king of the hill and I'm set 




 There is always the other way of winning a boxing match, one person pays more to the judges than the other to win the fight.

 




 I was given a HTC M9 to check out and play with, within 15mins the google launcher, messenger and keyboard were installed. 

Within 45 mins I was back to my Nexus.

Enough said really, stock Nexus is perfect. 




 It's all good.

I had my vape and had my nic hit ;)

 




 I always tried to swipe it in the hope it would just fuck off! 




 Now I know how people feel when they have their own stuff reposted.. 

 




 Brilliant look
 




 As dumb as fuck as this is, its quite clever. 




 You need 'Wild Thing' and Pedro Cerano.. 




 What is it? I've installed and all looks the sane, where is this feature? 




 Or it could just be a female with a dodgy looking vagina, hence - "she's got a shit cunt" 




 That's coz' you're a shit cunt!

The most inoffensive insult known to all Aussies.

Being called a cunt is pretty much a positive thing these days. 




 I have shitty little wrists and the 360 is fine. 




 $459 AUD 




 The gold hey?... Hmm... I like the old skool classy look of the gold and a brown leather band, very corporate and formal.

But I do really enjoy the all black look these days  




 Yup.. I have a VPN and no dice for me either.. 

I might wait it out for the Moto 360 2 




 What about when he played Octavio in King of the Hill? 




 No harm at all, Maths is way beyond my strong point.

But yes, a pack still costs about $6-$8 depending on the brand, and the rest is all tax. 

Then when it's been taxed before it hits the shelf, once on the shelf the retailer adds the 'Goods and Services Tax' (GST) of 10%.

A 25 pack of Winfield blue at a service station is ~$25.00 




