









 hey hey, just to let you know that I'll get back to you, just busy with work... 




 Nice to see life is popping!  However, as others said, those are false. You can tell by the cap not being attached to the stem.  Good eye though! 




 There is some historical use of TT in herbal and Eastern medicine.  There is a herbal tincture shop in my town that actually pays good money for them.  I was shocked in all honesty, as they are not edible IMO. 




 It looks like you made two.  OP IS A LIAR. 




 Boletus luridiformis, 99% sure.  Should stain blue.  Edible when cooked, but it is neither choice nor gourmet.  That is a survival shroom right there.  Leave 'em for the deer...

Edit... I know those as "witches" and have heard others call them "imps."  If you want to fake some street cred ;) 




 Commen names. You should know all I referenced...  




 Submitted!  Sorry about my lack of knowledge of scientific names, I only gave you street names... 




 Yep.  BFD (big fucking difference) between a MGD and Jack biker bar VS the PBR and martini hipster joint.  And if you want to get them all in there at the same time, prolly gotta make it a sports bar with good bar food and plenty of room and table games.  Which means a fair amount of expensive TVs and pool tables. 




 Where I live, a liquor license will run you 250k minimum to buy.  $3k a month to lease.  Beer and wine is $8k/yearly or so. 




 Word.  I'll dig in my library in a bit and see if any of the ones I have aren't posted up... 




 Those ladies are fat!  And awesome.  I would love copies, can I send you a flash drive and postage? 




 I have a handful of One Plate at a Time.  Where are you located.  Maybe I could cloud/Dropbox them up for you?  

Also, look at you tube.  I know I have a number of full episodes of OPAAT in one of my to watch lists.  I just remember them being fairly terrible recordings with bad sound. 




 Thanks man, I appriciate it.  I've got the entirety of the Good Eats series as well. 




 I'm in New Mexico and public/pbs programming is fairily crap.  I did look up the Create website though and remember seeing that channel last time I visited New England.  Now I wonder if anyone has their TV set up to stream such things... 




 Dry a bunch and ground it to powder for malts, shakes, and fruit salad. 




 Chipotle cream. 




 I'm in a small town and I've exhausted the small amount of food stuff they have in the library.  Good call on the inter library loan, I've forgotten about that.  I'll be moving in a few months back into a metro environment, I will make sure and keep that in mind. 




 There were a lot of great shows on PBS and other local channels throughout the 80's and 90's.  Food Network used to run basically nothing but educational programming through the late 90's.  A lot of those programs (at that time) we're offered on VHS and DVD via infomercial type sales.  However, not much of it has wound up on the torrent sites or on streaming media.  

I know people have copies of these things.  Would any of you be willing to load up USB drives and toss em to USPS?  I have a handful of things I would be willing to offer in swap... 









 Eggs, pintos with Hatch Green, Smoked Chimayo Red bacon, pink shit, and cilantro onion relish on house tortilla. 




 One 4" hotel pan is approx enough of one side (rice, veg, etc) for 40-50 peeps.  As far as the rice goes, if you can do it and your clients are happy with it, do it.  I personally have reservations as to consistency of quality.  But it is territory that I've had little experience with.

Prices are market price, or a static menu.  When it comes to catering, it is all a job by job contract as nobody wants the same thing.  $16/per head rates are low.  I was charging that in 2000.  Have you looked into what your competition charges?  Are they providing it all?  Plates, flatware, delivery, etc?  Will you be doing the same?  Or will you be showing up with a trailer, cambros, paper plates, and wet-naps?

Don't shoot yourself in the foot by undercutting competition to much.  You don't want to beat them in price, but in quality, service, and product.  Remember, once you establish your cheap rate, people will expect it and complain if they don't get it.  The minimum I charge is $20/person for a non-plated affair.  If you want plates, it jumps to at least $30/person.

Kebabs are not meatballs.  Just FYI.  Kebabs are a single piece of muscle cut to size.  I assumed smoking VS grilling for those, but the pain in the ass that I mention is the mixing, cutting, and forming.  They look great, people love them, and they are cost effective.  However, I would much rather spend another $30-50 in product cost if it saves me 2 hours worth of work.  As long as I can make a product that is just as good.  IMO, my labor in the kitchen should be yielding $75-100 profit per hour.  The whole point of the Q is to do food in batch, not single serving.  Every time your hands touch the meat, you should be touching 20 portions.  Not one.  Touching one is a waste of time.  Kebabs will kill you in the long run.

You want to do Turkish Q and keep it unique?  Go with goat and lamb.  If you must do chicken, sluvakis are the shit and are easy to set up a public friendly "sandwich making station".

Now, goat and lamb are not cheap.  Well, goat is cheapish.  And many would say it isn't worth it.  Fuck that.  If you want authentic, good, different, and to stand out, you must.  Just remember, you already said the golden ticket to offset the cost - hummus.  Keep your sides in check on the cost and that will balance the expensive protein.

Olives.  Buy olives in bulk.  I mean, for real.  I'm talking about 15 gallon containers of Kalamata in bulk.  Yes, storage sucks. But if you have proper storage, olives keep forever and are CHEAP.  Tapenade is a great side, fast to make with a processer, and people love it.  Something else you can do on the smoke is "oil cured and smoked citrus olives with rosemary and saffron."  Great side and perfect app finger food.

Baklava.  Learn how to make that stuff well.  Don't buy it, the difference is huge.  I can make about 150 pieces in an hour and I'm fast.  It is time consuming, but oh so worth it.  People notice and will talk about it if it is good. If you want a crash course, I'll tell you to talk to me after you've figured out how to run melted butted through a spray bottle.  That isn't snark BTW, but seriousness.

Ok.  That's enough for now!  More questions? 




 The buns are white bread grocery store $1 for a pack of 8 buns.  So, not the biggest ones in the world, but not sliders either... 




 My friends were making pretty much this plate 10 years ago in Seattle... 




 Santa Fe checking in!
 




 Ah..... Long beach.  Yeah.  They need to hunt Angel Wings, chanterelles, and chickens. 




 Surprisingly, not me.  Or at least by American standards. 




 I play with food.  Working on another menu currently, hence the porcini bacon. 




 Hot garlic pickle, caramel onion, colby jack, stadium mustard.

Porcini pancetta, sauted button shrooms, fontina, stone ground.

Hatch Green Chile, Smoked Chimayo red chile bacon, pepperjack, dijon. 









 Right product, right place.  I honestly like that stuff for what it is, but it isn't the right stuff for the job.  If you don't have a microplane, seriously pick one up.  It will help you make better food.  

http://www.amazon.com/Microplane-40020-Classic-Zester-Grater/dp/B00004S7V8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1426870728 sr=8-1 keywords=microplane 




 You used the wrong kind of parm and the wrong kind of shredding to get the crust you want.  IMO.  The reason (IMO) it is underwhelming for folks is because they don't use the proper method.  Buy a microplane and get a GOOD chunk of parm.  Parm doesn't really get good until you hit about the $10/lb range... 




 Some of us around here are professional restaurant people.  If you have what you consider to be a solid menu, post it up.  That is one way that we can be of real use to you.

Do not, I repeat DO NOT do weddings as a BBQ outfit.  It is a disaster waiting to happen.  Been there, done that.  Not only are weddings a fucking nightmare, if anything goes wrong, it is the end of the world.  And if cousin Jimmy's little shit of a kid can't keep his hands and the Q sauce to himself, there are some seriously pissed off bridesmaids in ruined dresses.  Just pause and think about the wedding fiasco for a minute...

Smoked rice is a terrible idea.  Sounds great, but it will be dry.  Sure sure, in the backyard you might get it to come out just fine.  Different story when you're talking in batch and you don't have another 90 minutes to whip up a new pan of rice.  If you want to run rice in the hot chamber, do a plastic and foil wrap on the pan for a steam catch.

Kabaabs are a lot of work.  A lot of work.  Especially when you start talking about needing 300 portions worth.  Plus you have to soak skewers and you run the risk of charred wood in your food.  Then you have to think about the ease of people eating it on the plate.  #1 rule in the restaurant kitchen when it leaves the line window destined for the customer is "Nothing on the plate that you wouldn't want to eat.  Period."  No ramekin of sauce, no fucking bay leaf, and no skewers.  I would suggest figuring out a different way to control portion than with skewers.

I got plenty of thoughts for ya.  If you have real questions, ask away.  And take to heart what 3rdIQ said too.  Good stuff. 




 This is the wrong time of year for both of those.  Also, the King isn't known to be very prolific in the area.  Very rare in my extensive tromping around the NW.  For morels, head out to the northern Cascade range area in about a 4-6 weeks.  

Also, there are some known historical burn areas in the Clallam area, as well as around Lake Chelan.  Discovery park in Seattle is also known as a hotbed of Morels since the burn in the late 70's.

I grew up on the Columbia in the SW WA and NW OR area and walked those hills for 20+ years.  If you want to give a more localized area where your friend is at, I can point to valleys filled with all kinds of goodies. 




 Brand new and shiny when you're done!  Best grab a grill brick too... 




 Powdered citric acid and a 1:1 solution of 5% white vin and water. 




 It might be.  However, if the obvious "go to school, get some background, and obtain an education in the field" is overlooked and the internet is the first place to look for direction, snarky is all that is deserved.   




 Well.  Since you're such a great chef, you'll have no issues just slapping it together! 




 Stop calling yourself a chef.  You're not one, aren't even close to being one, and those that deserve the title laugh at you when you call yourself one.  Just FYI.

After you figure that out, start developing your palate and wash dishes faster than the dishwasher.   




 Considering that you allude to the fact that you think you are some sort of mythological creature and are acting in ways which are in complete violation of Wheaton's law, I don't believe that anyone will find me at fault for pointing out that you are behaving like an asshole and  exhibiting asshole behavior.

So now I will ask you on behalf of the internet to kindly go fuck yourself. 




 Actually, I know you exist.  I've met you and you're an asshole.  I never claimed to be an atheist.  It is very presumptuous to think what i know.  But then again, you're an asshole.  




 No.  I just know that you, or whomever it is you choose to play on the soaps, is a complete asshole.  Or you wish you could be as inflammatory as the ones who will be forgotten over time in a desperate bid for attention.

Not only are the religious myths being proven wrong on a daily basis, it is deplorable that there are individuals in the world who still choose to be brainwashed into believing that gang banging little children and killing brown people will bring them salvation.

Everyone has a right to their voice.  Nobody is debating that.  But when you spout such utter bullshit as you do, don't be offended when others either drown you out with logic, reason, and fact.  Or just tell you to sit back down in the corner and go fuck yourself. 




 Religious people = good and atheists = bad.

You have proven yourself, beyond question, that anything which comes out of your mouth is to be regarded as complete and utter bullshit.   




 Your handwriting is very nice. 




 A very effective way to not lose money in your establishment would be to hire people who actually knew how to do such things instead of trying to get their employees to rat out others for being non productive.  But then again, we're talking about preventative maintenance which most people don't want to do.  




 Fucking Google.com 




 These are terrine molds for pate's and other types of forcemeats.   




 Yes.  Go with lodge. 




 I'll second the referral request, if there is one.  




 No.  Just pure it and finish your soup with some fine herbs... 




 Piss poor.   




 Inside the Caldera for the most part.  And halfway through route 4 between Jemez Springs and Cuba. 




 Very nice. 




 If you want to buy and ship me a couple of flash drives, I'd be happy to load up the entire series of Alton Browns good eats for ya.  Plus I got all kinds of other good food related videos.

but if you're willing to torrent, you can get them yourself. 




 And there are about 40 full length episodes of his shows on your tube.  There is also bunch of the same stuff on Amazon prime. 




 all you need to know is that you should just work your way down the list, trying them all. 




 She does it again, call animal control and file charges of abuse.  There is no reason to hit an animal.  Unless it is an animal that is a spiteful cunt who doesnt understand how the world works.  Dogs chew things.  Don't leave shit out. 




 Yeah, I've heard all that before.  Now let's get into science.  The reason bacon is so delicious is because of the fat.  When you submerge the bacon in hot oil, all the fat leeches out.  When you use a flat or a pan, it cooks in its own juice.  Deep fried bacon is essiently carbon :(

I have never, in my professional cooking career spanning continents and years, encountered a kitchen that thought it was ok to deep fry bacon.  In fact, that is a dumbass offense and one warning.  IMO, basically a fireable offense for making shitty product to sell to customers.  You wanna know how to kill your business?  Deep fry bacon. 




 new Mexican here.  Sounds delicious.  However, chile is not chili. 




 Google images.  Search for a particular dish and you'll find hundreds of examples of what not to do and 3 or 4 good ones. 




 Deep frying bacon gives a quality product?  What? 




 I need coffee.  But I have all your answers.  Check the gallery below of my from scratch, truck ready sandwiches.  I'll be back online in a while, but can you give some more specs on your operation?  Pics would be awesome.  Menu? What kinds of sandwiches get the bacon? Is it add on? How much per order in customer cost and how much on the plate?

imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Some would call it dicey/shady/sketchy, but the snacks are decent and the drinks are strong.  My kind of joint.  However, I didn't know about the dogs on the patio part... 




 Santa Fe checking in! 




 Thanks for the tips!  We're up in SF and come down often to see family   bring the dogs.  And are always scratching our heads on where to go... 




 That is a lovely dish.  Not being near the ocean anymore, I don't have access to quality 'puss.

What part of Italy are you in? 




 I've owned restaurants. You claim to work in one.  Why in the fuck, after having worked in one, would you even consider buying one? Let alone, one that is failing.  What is this magic potion that you're going to pour on this place to make it profitable? 




 This.  Perfect pan and cheap cheap on Amazon. 




 thanks.   




 Both.  The eye of round was minced fine. 




 Mine came from the thrift.  But ok! 




 Here is how. And perfect every time. Honest.

Cut the ends off.  Salt liberally both sides.  No oil.  Place in a deep pan so they are under the lip.  Wrap the pan tight with plastic wrap.  Then with foil.  Yes.  If you don't know this trick, it will change your life.  About an hou and a half or until beets are fork tender.  350f.  

Now the hard part.  While the beets are piping hot, take a wet towel and wipe the peel off.  Yep.  That simple.  Just wipe em off.  They are just hot and red beets bleed dye EVERYWHERE.  Then you should have beets cooked to about 90% doneness to finish however you like. 









 https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2wh71s/i_will_never_grow_tired_of_carbonara_with_peas/ 




 Taco bar.  




 Eye of round.  Needled, seasoned, and pounded thin with a stick.  Seasoned flour, egg, and flour for the fry at 375. 




 Where I'm from, it's ground beef gravy on the whole wheat toast with an egg. Shit on a shingle as we fondly would call that slop... 




 People keep talking about frozen biscuits.  What the hell?  This is a thing?  Honestly, WTF?  I mean, I'm well versed in food.  Trained, educated, studied.  All kinds of experience and have seen so much different product.  But really?  Frozen bischits?  So many people have chimed in saying this.  I'm honestly shocked.  I had no idea and NEVER in my life would have thought about buying frozen biscuits.  I'd just go without and have something else :( 




 Frozen biscuits?  WTF?  I had no idea.   




 "They're just on the end over there." 




 Cheers!  If you're ever passing through NM, shout.  I'll bring you a sandwich. 




 Dust VS Powder VS Seasoning IMO

Dust - non-salted mixed spice seasoning, fine powder with no granulation.

Powder - a single spice, partially granulated.

Seasoning - several spices mixed with salt, partially granulated.

There are applications for each.

And in all honesty, I would rather just drop a plate in front of you and say "eat your fucking snack" and walk away.  But the internet demands one be nice and for some reason identify EVERY. FUCKING. THING. on the plate.  It honestly annoys me to no end and if anyone asked in real life what that was, I would say B G with eggs and pot. 




 I am not southern enough to make them properly either.  I probably need a little bit more of them grits, and gravy, and a hush yo' mout.

However.  I know this place.  This Loveless you speak of.  I knew a guy who lived out that way for a while and I heard all about that place for about 2 years before I was about to visit him.  And I hope that the owners take pride in standing next to the devil.  Because only someone completely fucking evil would make things so awesome that they can't be replicated at home.   




 I used to drink a lot of soda.  Then I realized I drank way to much.  After a while, I realized it was the carbonation that my body craved, not the caffeine or sugar.  So I started buying bubble water.

One of the best gifts that has ever been given to me was from an ex GF.  My Sodastream machine.  I only use it to carbonate water.  However, it is a godsend.  I was going through cases of bottled water like I would soda.  For me, the inconvenience of having to replace gas cans and the initial cost of the device is worth it.  Less packaging going to waste for one, but a can of gas carbonates about 2.5 times the amount of water you would pay for at the store.  

Just something to think about if you don't own one.  Especially if you opt for the soda and lime out at the bar/restaurant instead of a coke ;) 




 Just a couple of basics...

Stay away from white drugs.  Don't fuck the hostess.  You're not a chef.  Please don't insult the word because you were hired to work in a kitchen.  I know you probably don't know better. 




 In most places, you are correct. There is no sausage present and there is only one biscuit.  This passes as a half order round these parts ;) 




 I made it. 




 basted with ghee. 




 I've got your brownies dialed down.  It will take digging in some notebooks, but I'm doing that anyways.  When I find it, I'll post it.  It is solid all the way around, uses coconut oil and margarine.  Not healthy exactly, but it is vegan and chocolate.

On a different note, my GF is a veggie.  I usually eat what I make for her, but I'm the housewife.  So tonight for her, I'm making fried tofu, fresh cucumber, carrot, spinach, quinoa, and ginger sesame zucchini fresh rice roll wraps.  Oh.  And the pickled ginger.  Can't fuck with the pickled ginger.  




 Thank you so much for this.  I am by no means a vegan, but have several friends who are.  I cook for them from time to time and am always looking for good inspiration.  Especially good, from scratch food.  

 




 Yep.  That is pretty much about it.  Can't get more basic than that and oh so addictive... 




 Word up on the MSG.  The chile seasoning on the potatoes has a little bit of the magic fairy crack ground into it. 




 Goddamn you for posting a link to that pan.  I've wanted one a long time and have never picked one up.  Every time I think about ordering one, I get something different that I know I'll get more use out of.  But now that I'm making individual quiches and baked eggs for my GF's lunch, that pan might just be the ticket!

Wild boar.  Not bad, had not done that one yet.  Funny enough, I was just talking about wild boar sugo with an Italian cook friend.  I'll mention this one.  If you ever have a chance to get your hands on some 'gator bfast sausage, that is the fucking shit when it comes to B G IMO. 




 I was told ya'll might like some of my from scratch snacks... 









 In that case, something else you can try is doing butter infusions to make your roux.  Notice i said infusions and not compounds.  The difference being is that with compounds you leave solids behind in the fat which can burn and ruin the sauce.  An infusion is essentially steeping dried(!) spice in butter and then straining it off.  Clarifying it at the same time.

If you build a roux using an infused butter with (fennel, rosemary, hot chile flakes, black pepper, and sage) whatever, you can make a good enough gravy without the meat which people love too. 




 Grab yo' ass a cracker. 




 I would say yes.  My basic recipe is 2 cups flour, 1/2 cup diced and frozen overnight butter, 1 tsp salt, 4 tsp baking powder, 1/4 tsp baking soda, and 1 cup liquid (this time it was cultured goat buttermilk).  Mixed with the lightest hand possible and let rest for 30 min.  Brush with wash and crack pepper over top  450F for about 20 min, till golden.  

To me it is a scone mix, but without the sugar. 









 So many different varieties of both of these  things out there.  This is the last batch I made.  I will post the recipes for the plate later on, heading to work shortly.  But I would like to hear what kind of B G ya'll are making.  Be it mornay sauce with herb drop biscuits or red eye gravy and buttermilk.  Lets hear about it!

Saffron and Rosemary ghee basted eggs

Sour goat milk biscuits

Smoked red chile lardon gravy

Triple cooked home fries with chile dust

Fried sage

http://i.imgur.com/5Ze9LKm.jpg 




 Man, the separation agreement.  That is something that many, many people miss.   




 ingredients 

http://i.imgur.com/csfwx8M.jpg 




 Yeah. I could just see you licking your finger and taking a taste.  Been there, done that.  One of the better applications for the SG is savory, rather than sweet.  FYI if you don't know. 

That little box is strong and powerful stuff.  If you add 1 tsp SG to 1 cup of any other spice seasoning mix, you'll see a difference.  I also like grinding it into the salt I keep on hand for French fries. 




 That really looks fantastic.  Meat looks great, good thickness on the pickles.  Fresh veg instead of slaw is always nice.  But those mushrooms killed it for me.  Maybe it was delicious, I dunno.  To each their own when it comes to making your own snacks.  WQould you make it again with the shrooms?

It looks like it would withstand the one handed sandwich test, which most pulled pork does not.  So very nice. 




 Sazon Goya aka MSG.  Sprinkle on everything in sight.  The magic crack. 




 It would be lovely if you showed us some of this rumored "best work."   




 Obviously, you do not work at my girls hospital.  They burn water :( 




 you should check out the other thread in the sub that is the finished product...

But I'm glad I have your attention!  Because you, YES YOU, can make your own jerky too.  It's really easy and if you haven't, I suggest that you do. 




 Scam. 




 I used russet for these.  Chop em up.  Bring em to a boil in salted cold water.  Strain.  Freeze IQF style for at least an hour, preferably overnight.  Fry at about 250ish for 5 min.  Strain and freeze IQF style for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.  Final fry is at 375 until golden. 




 Thanks.  That is what I shoot for. 









 Worst sauce, fermented black soy, honey, molasses, sweet hot mustard, dried flake garlic, smoked crushed red pepper, ground black pepper, smoked paprika. 




 Plain and basic for the most part.  Slice, season liberally, let sit 24 hours, and in the dehydrator until desired texture.   




 Yep.  If you scroll down in the sub, you can find pics after it was seasoned. 




 Smoked Chimayo Red on the left

Roasted Hatch Green on the righ 









 Publicity.  And bad attempt at that.  They knew they'd get a reaction.  But oh man, did they fuck up.  They just managed to piss off one of the most dedicated group of people that have never had their anger issues resolved.  RIP those motherfuckers. 




 http://i.imgur.com/azrGOhr.jpg 




 With a shotgun.  Get out.   




 Potatoess.  triple cooked. Parboiled for 5 minutes.  Frozen. Fried at 275f for 5 minutes.  Frozen.  Fried until done at 375f.

CFS.  eye of round, seasoned, needled, and pounded.  Breading is flour, egg, and flour.  Fried at 375f till golden.

Gravy.  Render lardons/bacon down.  Remove crisp bacon, reserving fat.  Add a nob of butter to the fat.  Beat in some flour to make a thick roux.  Add milk   cream slowly to incorporate into the desired thickness of the sauce you want.  Season to taste. 

Eggs.  Fry up some eggs! 




