 http://www.reddit.com/r/GroundZeroMedia/about/stylesheet/

I believe this is it. I also invited you to mod. If you know about Clyde Lewis and his show that could help a lot with how to stylized the page =) 




 Oh! I'm thinking I need a Mod for Dummies book haha!  




 I don't know how to do that either. I'm sure it isn't super hard tho. 




 I don't know how detailed it can be, but I like this one
http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ87fQ2HS7Aa4hMwFObTZ6pIKKCnz_vuUASjUW1oYbK1i7TqTdP0kJI61s 




 Oh man, I'm gonna sound like a regard but what is a stylesheet? 




 Seeing as how I use a kindle to do all my internet browsing, it would be a huge help to have someone with know how to assist me. If he or she is willing to assist in making this subreddit awesome, I have NO issue letting me help. I also lack html skills. 




 I created a new subreddit and realized super fast that I have 0, count em zero skills in html. I have a request to make the upvotes ufos. Not a bad idea! No idea how to make it happen, and I use a kindle to do everything so I think it'd be tough to make that happen even if I had the know how. Pm me if you can, or if someone else could I'd appreciate it. Thank you! 




 Oooh, ufos for arrows, clever idea! 




 FGM is not the same as cutting the foreskin. Look it up. The eyelids were a better argument. Cutting the clit is similar to cutting off the tip of the penis. That is a much more accurate argument. 




 They are sending you to a reprogramming camp. You need to leave and talk with an adult, one that is not going to contact your folks. Get a lawyer, too. Do not stay home that night, unlike what others have suggested, the cops will help them because you are a minor and your parents are consenting to this. Please keep us informed so if you need any further advice or help we can do so. You have our support! Be careful and stay safe! 




 I think the guy is very lonely, and bored. He obviously has time to read, poorly, our comments and berate them. He acts spoiled. I almost wonder if he never was able to get his own free clams, saw the ban, felt gypped, then proceeds to attack folks who did get free clams and feels they shouldn't bitch about an admitted bug in the game. He is a loser. 




 Crypto_Enigma watches one episode of South Park and thinks he has free reign to insult people. Wow. What an entitled dick. 




 I just want you to know I laughed so hard at your message. I really needed a good laugh today! Thanks! 




 I don't see what this guy is being so hateful about. He needs to get a life, lol 




 Suck a big fat donkey sick, it is just a game. Sorry, the folks over at TinyCo don't share your hatred. Grow up child. 




 I do not respond well to people who claim I'm pulling info out of my ass/insinuate I'm lying about information I've been given. I read your articles posted and I still think it is a choice the parents can make. I already said, a few times, it doesn't need to be done. I just dislike responding to people who are so angry about their stance. I get it tho, you are uncut and are probably happy for it. Good for you. Go hug your mom or something. 




 I never said you didn't know what you are talking about. I'm not dumb, just don't see this as that big of an issue. 




 You gotta look at it but yup! It can simply mean newer meat has come in, and the few days old meat is just ready to be cooked. But freezing it will keep for months! And thank goodness. It's saved many a dinner for me and my family on many occasions. 




 Um... I've always heard 10%. So, unless you are tugging foreskin to cum, then I don't see why it would really matter. Anyways like I have already stated, I am female so this issue isn't really to concerning for me. Cut and uncut men alike masturbate. Regularly. I have never seen an uncut man using his foreskin while masturbating other than to hold it back. 




 Cut men masturbate regularly, too. They don't seem to be lacking sensitivity. If it were really that big of a deal I would think they'd cum a lot slower, have loads of difficulty, but it seems to me they are doing just fine.  




 Your anger toward the issue amazes me.  




 We evolved to eat meat. 




 A few of the older women did too. Meat is good for humans. Sure, eat it sparingly, but it is so yummy. 




 No, but a wolf will eat you. So will your cat if you died. 




 Freezing meat bought on sale lasts such a long time tho. 




 Maybe it just really is that normal here. Until I encountered reddit I never heard anyone saying it was weird or wrong. Just seemed, well, the thing you do. 




 Can you provide a link on that? I've only heard it was 10% sensation in the foreskin.  




 I've only heard of the babies dying because of unclean or unsafe circumcision practices. I'm not saying it couldn't happen in a sterile situation, but I wonder how many are from sterile vs non-sterile situations. 




 Lube is for dry vaginas. And masturbating. Unless you want to use cheesy smegma for both, which is gross.  




 Must've misunderstood. I thought you meant the pregnant mother couldn't decide. 




 Hope they reply to you. This guy said they'd fix this issue for me and my Boyfriend who is currently owed back clams. And so far, nothing. I don't want to play if I can't bank clams, I don't have that kind of dough to play this game otherwise. Hell, I don't have a job at the moment, I am looking but where I live it doesn't look like I'll be able to afford it after I start working again. It is really expensive. 




 It isn't convenience for the parent. If someone does it for that reason, I'd say that would be screwed up. I'd just do it because it is normal here and (as a woman) I do think it actually looks better. But hey, I'm not every woman, some women may prefer it. I don't.  




 10% isn't most. There are still 90% working just fine. But I'm not a guy so I guess I'm not the best to be asking. Talk with guys who are cut, see if they mind. I've never met one that minds, I know guys that are glad it was done. But, like I've said before it doesn't have to be done. Well, except for medical reasons that do exist.  




 It does, but I guess it is what I'm used to seeing. It doesn't have to be done, but it is something many have done and those boys grow up not minding. My boyfriend isn't complaining about his lack of extra skin missing. I only see guys with foreskin that get so upset about this. It's a matter of perspective and what is normal for where you live, I suppose. 




 Actually, termination of pregnancy is a woman's choice. Unless you like all them welfare babies. Go ahead, pay for them. 




 Eyelids are a bit different than foreskin. My eyelids aren't there for sexual purposes and the lack of them would cause incredible medical issues. You can't compare the two. 




 It's the parents choice. It really isn't that big of a deal, really. At least I don't see it that way. But then I'm American, so I guess it's just normal here.  




 It is pretty rare for babies to die from circumcision, unless it is done unsanitary. Can totally see that. 




 A long time ago I read a comment from a guy who had it done later in life, said he couldn't tell a difference in sensation. 




 No. They get all up in arms about guys that are circumcised tho. What's funny to me, I've never met a circumcised guy who thought their circumcision was a bad thing. They have no issue with it. 




 It depends. Sometimes the shifting of one set of tectonic plates can stress other ones, even hundreds of miles away. This isn't too common, but can happen. 




 It's really up to the parents if they get their son circumcised. It is way common in America. I'm atheist and I'd do it to my boy if I had one. It is just normal here, and as long as it's done sanitarily I really see no issue. Female circumcision is vastly different, and causes vast issues for girls. Guys that are circ still jerk off, still cum normally, the loss of sensation is minimal (men still prematurely ejaculate with alarming regularity while circumcised). They just don't have Smegma and have less issues with cleanliness. It actually does reduce std transmission. Also, I've had both, and as a female, it is easier giving head to a guy who is circumcised because you don't spend all that time pushing foreskin back, more time spent playing with the shaft. I also know there are men who get the surgery done because of actual medical purposes. Does it have to be done? Almost always, no. But it can cause shaming in the boys locker room when you got extra skin down there. But then, such is the American way. Oh, and a circumcised dick looks visually larger, which is a plus to women. 




 The fuck is wrong with people?! 




 Also, when I was very little, I remember they actually didn't want to be called Christians. Many are brainwashed out of remembering this, but old die-hard Mormons pushed it hard on me and the rest of the kids
 It's only more recently they want to be called Christians to seem more mainstream and normal. They have a whole set of different books than the bible, and rarely refer to the bible. They use it less and less nowadays, and have actually cut old testament classes in many lesson plans. 




 Mmmm... They say they do. But I distinctly recall talking about, singing about, and praying about Joseph Smith a whole lot more. Don't be fooled by their name, just because it has Jesus Christ in it doesn't mean anything. Their beliefs stem from Joseph Smith's teachings, not Jesus. It's a ruse. 




 There are many differences between Mormonism and Christianity. This isn't the place to go into it tho. Go over and ask r/exmormon If you would like enlightenment on THAT subject. 




 Mormons aren't Christians. They just say that to make the cult seem less culty. Still a cult tho. (And yes, I know wtf I am talking about, was Mormon most of my life) 




 I don't see circumcision as that big a deal, either. I know globally it isn't popular, but... yeah. Smegma IS nasty. Period.  




 Maybe not for males, but it seems female circumcision is on the rise. It is fucking awful and usually done in such unsanitary conditions that many girls die or never fully recover. Also, I can't see a real issue with doing it to boys. Double standard? Maybe, but what they do to those girls is criminal. 




 I would do it if I had a boy child. I'm not religious, I'm an atheist. I'd just do it because it is cleaner. A lot cleaner. 




 I know a lot of men that aren't upset with their circumcision, in fact it seems uncut men are the ones who get angry about it. But cutting a baby for mourning? Truly fucked up. That baby looks so scared. It is palpable. 




 So... what'd you end up doing with the doll? 









 Let's hope she follows the science and evidence. If she does, she will clearly see that the scheduling is wrong. I hope that the history of why it was scheduled the way it was is due to racism was brought up as well. 




 Oh, I read it. But I've seen this story before. I also heard that officers of the law involved knew they were taking this child away from a safe, loving family but their hands were tied. I heard that one of them quit after she died because he was so disturbed his forced actions caused a child to be murdered.  




 Marijuana use didn't kill this girl and from what I've heard, can help with seizures. Sounds to me like they should legalize out there for medical and have let that girl stay with her family. They weren't the ones abusing her, the state and Sherril Small did. 




 Actually they replied to me in a post about this offering to fix this bug. You can check it out! I replied asking them to fix everyone's accounts. No reply from them yet, but if enough people ask for this the might do it. This is a bug! 




 Tiny_Matt actually replied to my post about this, he said they would fix my account. I replied and asked they fix the bug for everyone in the same blanket way they reset all the accounts. No reply yet, but I think if enough people ask for this they just might do it. 




 It works in my browser, http://www.reddit.com/r/groundzeromedia 




 Ain't that the truth. I've been non practicing for years now, and it still affects me from time to time. 




 I made a subreddit for it, r/groundzeromedia 




 Try r/groundzeromedia 




 Already have... 




 Public shaming, beating while tarred and feathered, then put into the most dangerous prisons where the guards will look the other way.  




 Well damn. I only saw 2 (including yours). Quite the photographer we have there. I'd have wrapped her in plastic, all Laura Palmer style. But then, ain't my murder. 




 For everyone bitching, /b/ had to go somewhere. Also, OP is a faggot. =) 




 Who? And what? 




 Good catch! 




 I didn't realize the dude posted more than one pic of her. 




 I don't think her son will be browsing r/toosoon anytime in the near future. 




 Does not exist anymore on imgur. Oh poo... 




 I've seen Bender in Tapped Out once. I took a pic of it too. It made me so happy. 




 I miss Futurama so much. I am happy for this but I wish they'd just bring it back. I love you Bender! You're my favorite robot ever! 




 Ummm... I don't know why you are posting this to me. I am not a giver. 




 Well, if you want to check out my subreddit you are welcome to. I want all opinions. Paranormal, scientific, or just your two cents. Dialogue that is open is fully allowed. =) 




 Why'd you post me that? 




 *eyebrows raised* Now this is interesting. Could there be disinformation going on? Certainly wouldn't be the first time. 




 Welcome one and all to Ground Zero with Clyde Lewis! This is a place where we can get weird and discuss an awesome radio show that I enjoy listening to. Dealing with the strange, paranormal, and macabre, nothing is taboo! Talk about your favorite shows, or just the most recent! If it is paranormal related it belongs right here! Clyde's show is like nothing on the radio right now, his broadcasting skills are excellent! If you enjoy Coast to Coast AM or miss Art Bell, this is right where you belong. If you haven't listened to the show, or it just isn't broadcast in your neck of the woods, you can check out the official website here: http://www.groundzeromedia.org/

Thank you for stopping in, I do hope you'll join this sub! 




 I finally did it, I created a subreddit for this show. Hope people out there in radioland are listening in and want to discuss the shows! Go over to r/groundzeromedia If you're interested! I'm excited to hear the thoughts and ideas of everyone! I know this can be a great little piece of reddit if we all work together as a community. I'm really new to this, so any thoughts, ideas, or help making the page really great are appreciated. Thank you! 




 I made a subreddit! Go to r/groundzeromedia If you are interested. Obviously I am the mod, so if you have any ideas, let me know! 




 I made a subreddit! Go to r/groundzeromedia If you are interested. Obviously I am the mod, so if you have any ideas, let me know! 




 As I promised, here is a link about Dybbuk Boxes. There is more than one, I believe this is the most famous one tho.
http://www.dibbukbox.com/story.htm
I also know there was a movie made about it a few years ago. But it doesn't hold a candle the true story. Clyde's show on this was awesome! 




 I appreciate this, but I am seeing posts that show other people are encountering the same issue. Now, I'm no programmer, but I may have a cheap, quick solution to this issue I think everyone will appreciate, a lot. Why not go back into all the accounts you reset and blanket fix the issue. I believe this would save time (so you aren't fixing this bug individually) and it would therefore save money. I don't have access to my boyfriends game info, so I can't just give that out. But I know y'all as creators do have the info of all reset accounts. If you can do this, send me a message, or, put a message in game at startup saying this bug has been fixed. You can even put in a strongly worded message to everyone reminding to not hack or be banned. I know the fans would appreciate this and I think it might help with TinyCo's reputation a bit. It's a win-win. I know I won't be hacking it anymore, and I think a show of faith in that matter will sway others from doing the same. Of course, there are asses out there who will hack and need banning but I believe this could stem the tide of it. Anyways, I appreciate your response to this issue. It has actually convinced me to not delete the game. Good show, sir! 




 And, yes, this is from Tiny_Matt. Suck it up child, you are wrong. 




 Yo, just a little FYI, TinyCo does not share your sentiments

We're looking into this now. If you've been set to 250, then the warning/flag is considered complete.

Did you happen to force close when you saw the original TOU popup?

Also, does the TOU popup still appear when it moves to 250?

If you'd like us to take a look at your account in particular, please send a note to Support and DM me when you do. (I'll make sure it gets looked at.)

 




 There are lots of bugs with the game itself, it's a smaller, cheaply made TSTO game. If I had money to spend, I'd probably be much more willing to give it to EA just because they weren't douches about the hacking.  




 I feel you. 110%. It is better than what C2C has become. I also long for Art. His voice was my night growing up. 




 How do I make a subreddit? Oh it would be awesome!

I will try to find a great link about the dibbuk box for you. They are creepy!  




 Oh, btw, TripleSkeet, TinyCo messaged me and they actually offered to fix the problem. They were pretty nice about it. I think RyanMercer needs to get off the rag. Maybe smoke some reefer, take a nap. He's way to aggressive about his views, which, as I can now plainly see do not reflect TinyCo's views. Gotta be honest tho, a little nervous about them fixing just my acct. I feel like this, if they can blanket reset everyone's accts to 250, they can blanket fix the problem. I feel like it's a much cheaper and quicker fix. It might also restore a tiny smidgen of faith in the company. 




 It just sucks is what it is. I don't mind legit banking clams, I have no money beyond the bills I pay and the food I put on the table. I play this game because I find it a nice escape from the doldrums of my day. If they think they are getting my little bit of money for this game, I'm sorry, it just isn't happening. I have none to give. Not for oscillations that as transducer said 'is fucking theirs, they own it, not you'. But if I can't bank clams beyond 250, really, I can't buy much, if anything. 




 This is exactly my point. I understand that they can take away stuff I got by having my game hacked. But it isn't right to take what is freely given, as you said perfectly, as a prize.  




 Pffft, we all should know the truth by now. Next Fallout will be Fallout:Deathclaws Revenge. You play a deathclaws abandoned by the Enclave. With him you will waste entire villages and cities. It's gonna be great! 




 That's basically what he is. He does shows that blow the other guys content out of the water from time to time. So many of his shows I'd really like to discuss, especially ones where he resonances on weird stuff. Like the Dibbuk box. Show gave me the willies! 




 We really do. His show is great. 




 I guess I'll just stick with the Facebook page then. 




 If you can't get over the fact they stole legit goods then I am done with you. You obviously are a shill. Gtfo 




 But he lost legally gained clams *after* the reset by TinyCo. Also, as I've been learning, he isn't the only one. TinyCo is being ridiculously dumb if they think they can just take clams they are freely giving out. I mean, if you give something to someone and then turn around and take it back that is called Indian Giving. It isn't the way a company should be running their business, it will lose customer loyalty faster than anything. 




 So, explain why you are taking legitimately gained clams from us. I'd really like to understand why you are Indian giving them. 




