 She teleports Buffy, Dawn, and herself from Rack's place to the Magic Box after she's drained the magic battery (Rack) and was super-charged full of power. 

From the script of "Two to Go":

As Willow speaks, the camera swirls around her in those Brian DePalma-y 360-degree arcs. But if we're really paying attention, we'd notice that the light and the background begin to change as she continues...

WILLOW
You're trying to sell me on the
world. The one where you lie to
your friends when you're not
trying to kill them and you screw
a vampire just to feel and insane
asylums are the comfy alternative.
This world? Buffy, it's me! I
know you were happier in the
ground - hanging with the worms.
The only time you were ever at
peace in your whole life is when
you were dead.
(beat)
Until Willow brought you back.

Willow stops. Buffy and Dawn look around. They are no longer standing in Rack's at all.

WILLOW (cont'd)
You know - with Magick?

And now we see where they are, which is...

INT. MAGIC BOX - NIGHT

... Inside the Magic Box, having gotten there without moving.

WILLOW
Sorry. It can be kind of a rough
trip if you're, you know - not me.

Buffy and Dawn stagger upon appearing in the Magic Box. Dawn tries to steady herself against a chair, but collapses to the floor, disoriented. 




 Sounds amazeballs. 




 Awesome. So, to make sure I'm understanding, is this an all-new establishment? 




 Hi fellow Tulsans. 

I am interested in possibly gathering weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly (depending on interest) for creative writers and talk about writing in general, do some writing exercises, read each other's writing, bounce plot lines off one another, etc.

Writing, personally, is a lonely art and I often stop-and-start projects because it's always just me talkin to myself about my thoughts. I think it would be incredibly beneficial for a group of writers to come together, socialize, and celebrate our creativity. 

If anyone's interested, or if you already know of similar groups, feel free to post below. If there's enough interest, we could go about setting up a location to meet, come up with topics or games, and go from there. 




 I mean, yes, they could've done that, but I think they saw that it wasn't working due to ratings. Still, to act like the Writer's Strike had *nothing* to do with it is just false. 




 I'm definitely down. Hope it is LGBT-friendly. 




 Any reason why I'm being downvoted? 




 Season 2 had so many missteps. Kring admitted the Hiro feudal Japan story wasn't great, as was the Wes/Claire relationship, and the odd time-warp between Peter and the woman he left in the future. However, the writer's strike ruined a lot of the pay off and forced them to cut the story lines and come up with a drastic, quick ending that ruined the future of the series. Personally, I enjoyed season 3 because we finally skirted the whole "we gotta hide" mentality and just went full-on "we're super-powered people." 




 I am amazed at how advanced the future generations are becoming. My nieces and nephews (only 8+ years older than me) see gender and sexuality incredibly fluid, and they're into "whomever connects with me mentally." That's an AWESOME mentality/development. I think somehow we're going to evolve into an asexual species, but those are my thoughts.

My point is that a lot of people, nowadays, are of the mind "I can sleep with whomever, whatever gender, as long as there's attraction." However, for many progressive-type people, attraction is broad. So when they meet someone who is only attracted to one gender, they somehow think it's being phobic when it's just hard-wired.

I'm glad the next generation seems to be totally accepting of bisexuality/pansexuality, but just because someone isn't bi or pansexual doesn't mean they're phobic of the opposite/same gender. 

Sorry you had a bad experience. Some people get caught up in their own crap. Put on your boots and wade your way outta there. 









 Well, I grew up in a poor household and never could afford comics. So  I've not read any of the Marvel comics (I have a few collections of the Walking Dead comics). So, for someone who doesn't have any clue where to start, this would be a good investment? I know, it's "only a penny", but I guess I'm just wondering if it's worth the time and effort. 




 Watch Vampire Diaries and you'll get your soundtrack. 




 Is it worth it? 




 "Redd," her mother called from deep within the cottage, "don't forget your cloak. It's too cold to be running around without proper attire."

The little girl rolled her eyes before turning back and re-entering the house to put on the hood her grandmother made her. Without saying a word, she scrambled out into the wild wood just beyond the door of her house and started playing around in the fallen leaves of the forest. The bright oranges and reds and yellows glittered in the tree tops as the sun shined through the canopy. Redd loved fall.

Picking up a fallen tree limb, she used it as an imaginary sword used against her invisible enemy: Autolycus, King of Thieves. Having stolen his mother's wheat pie, made especially for her ill grandmother, Redd struck at the mischievous man to retrieve the item. After dueling countered blows, Redd finally stabbed the master thief in the hand, causing him to release the pie into the air with a jump. Redd twirled and thrust the sword behind her to impale the man in the stomach before catching the pie from hitting the ground.

Laughing, Redd dropped the stick and continued to the trickling of a nearby creek. It's cool waters slushed over the gray stones located in its bed as it traveled deeper into the forest. She reached down to grab a handful of water, seeing her reflection in the stream. After taking a big gulp, she looked back in the water to see her reflection again, only to find vicious red eyes looking over her shoulder. Turning, she saw a Hunde, an oversized werewolf with sharp, blood-stained fangs ready to pounce. In the distance, she heard her mother's screams.

"Redd."

The woman blinked a few times to see that the Hunde disappeared. She wasn't a little girl any longer, and it'd been close to twenty years since she last seen her mother. Feeling the sword in her hand and Alphonse's lead rope in the other, she forced herself to come back to reality. Close above her head, the fluttering blue jay, ironically named Robin, hovered as he waited for her response.

"Are you alright?" the bird asked.

Redd nodded. "The witch is stronger than I realized. She's enchanted this wood with intense illusionary magic."

"I tried to warn you," Robin said. "Are you capable of moving on?"

"Yes," Redd said as she shifted her body to wake itself from the haunting memory of her childhood. "Let's find this witch, so I can destroy her."

The blue jay said nothing else as he turned and continued his path toward the center of the forest, to the Gingerbread House where his friend, Gretel, and her brother, Hansel, remained prisoners. 




 Hey. No problem. Glad you enjoyed!

1) An athame is a ceremonial dagger. I re-read my prompt and realized I had a fantastic opportunity to explain that, but this was written in a hurry.

2) Turning - a conversion. In this world, Kimber and her family are magical people who receive their powers on their 18th birthday. Originally, the idea was to have their powers bestowed upon them after a horrific event on their 18th. For another prompt, it was simply a rite of passage along with a granted wish as a gift. This may still be kept in the later novelization (if I get that far).

3) As for Kimber's mother, it's still something I'm working out. Not that I don't have the reasoning, but I'm basing it off my family life. I'm trying to find a way to convert it into an intriguing plotline that makes sense. It's the driving force behind her mother's hunting of the family, to take their power on their 18th birthdays.

Thanks for the kind words. I've only written one other prompt based on this idea and I hope to pursue it further in other prompts, so I hope you don't get too deflated when you find hardly anything.

Right now, I'm calling it "The Unlucky Ones". 




