 Off the top of my head for the things that aren't pictured are, stainless steel braided brake lines, most of the emissions equipment is gone, heater and ac was removed, turbo S sway bars, and poly bushings. I'm pretty sure there's more stuff that I'm forgetting, but as for other mods, gutted interior, Autopower roll cage, Momo Daytona seat, Momo steering wheel, rebuilt calipers, stoptech rotors, Hawk HP Plus race pads, fiberglass header panel, and a custom billet shifter. 









 As an Oldsmobile guy,I'm super jealous  




 Favorite evo by far 




 I'm sorry rum ham  




 oops I dropped my magnum condom for my monster dong 




 Awesome, thanks for the info. A full M030 setup came up on rennlist a while ago, definitely wish I got it now. The rear end just feels so soggy on it. 




 Yeah yeah yeah Burt versus Myers videos never get old. I still understand how people can race there. My dad crews on an SK team at Stafford and even there is pretty hectic. 




 No coilovers, all the other suspension is stock right now. I haven't really thought about a light weight flywheel yet. Right now, I'm just trying to get the car buttoned up so if can be ready for the first PCA autocross this Sunday  




 No hablo germano 




 Upgarage is the best, I got a brand new Watanabe for only $40. Also, super jelly of all the cars. Especially the Rauh Welts 




 M'Vette 




 I'd be terrified to do Lemons with the base Autopower... I'm cringing just thinking about it  




 It is in an Autopower. There's no way in hell I would actually race with that cage. Not to mention the fact that the windshield bar is way too close to your face. I'm not exactly sure how those cages can be SCCA, or PCA legal. My dad is on an asphalt modified team, so we're going to work with their chassis builder and have them build something for us. Also, the door bars are pretty useless because they don't come above the seat  




 Already subbed  




 Yes, there are plates underneath it. Once I start doing spec 944, I'm going to ditch the bolt in and go for a full weld in 




 I am planning on getting one for sure 




 Thanks! I really appreciate it  




 Very, especially with my helmet on  




 Uploaded 




 Album is uploaded 




 Here's the album: http://imgur.com/a/Ex39G
I know the album is pretty short, but I was rushing to get it posted before my laptop battery died. 
Little bit of a back story and some things that are not shown. I bought the car back in 2013 from a family friend. It's a 1986 944 NA that is going to be my track/autocross car. Not all of the work is shown in the album, but this is what else has been done to it
-Turbo S sway bars
-Poly bushings
-Welded diagonal and harness bar on the cage
-Momo steel seat brackets
-No AC or heat
My goal is to start doing 944 Spec next year so it's been quite a slow process. I really don't have much else planned for it besides bringing it to spec. It's been a great car so far, and hopefully this will be the first of many Porsches I will own. 




 Okay, you guys win. But only because you asked nicely 




 I'll work on an album tonight. It probably won't be posted until tomorrow though  









 Yeah, I'm not going to lie, I miss the super tacky ricers 




 That's actually an awesome idea. I'd love to drive his eclipse, not matter how ricey it is.  




 There actually was a 356 in the movie, but only for a brief moment  




 I started last year when I turned 17. You need to get 2 waivers signed by a parent or legal guardian, and have it motorized. You also need to have a parent with you at the event. And I'm pretty positive that the waiver lasts for the entire season. That being said, good luck out there.
Edit: Notarized not motorized   




 At first, I thought it was the banana that was the problem  




 Labor Day weekend at Lime Rock 









