 absolutely nothing but he did them a kindness, which alot of people are incapable of doing 




 [this story here](http://comicbook.com/2015/04/16/jj-abrams-buys-pizza-for-everyone-waiting-in-line-at-star-wars-c/) should shed some light on the subject. of course some of you may say, this is a publicity stunt, or hes bribing the fans , or other bullshit heartless things like that. what would YOU DO if a famous hollwood director bought YOU food? huh? of course the movie doesnt even come out for another 8 months, i shouldnt even be having this discussion, yet. just remember this story when you walk out of episode 7 (when it comes out of course) 




 I do not know any serious Star Wars fan who truly enjoyed films 1-3.

you do now! :) 




 i predict i will accept it equally with episodes 1-6 and meanwhile there will be people online or on blogs putting a puss on, bitching about how its in league with the prequel trilogy, and how jj abrams is a bad director, and ruined star trek and other such bullshit.But at this point its no use getting upset or acting surprised. there will be people disliking a star wars regardless of what trilogy its part of. i for one enjoy all o them. i dont know how to end this so ill just leave it at that 




 not that i have kids of my own but if theres like overprotective parents out there, and their kids are into the mcu, would their parents research this show and be like "no (son/daughter) you cant watch it youre not old enough" "aw but its in the mcu'' "i dont give a shit!, you are not old enough, (we the parents) will watch it after you go to bed" see what i mean, before you call me an idiot or whatever, id like to point out i enjoy daredevil. 









 well, no, BUT i would reccomend it just for the events sake, because youll recognize some of them. (especially, the effects of the events of CA: the winter soldier on agents of sheild) 




 well that doesn't prove that civil war is filming, it might just be a hanging blue tarp... oh wait nevermind 




 willy wanka, is that what people in england call him? (which is weird because that story is FROM england) 




 to answer your question, no they do not know, and i predict when the gotg eventually meet the avengers, quill will be like confused gandalf 




 if i had to choose, inside out 




 homestar runner - john bender

strong sad - powerline 

coach z - ali g

marzipan - mona lisa

strong bad - max headroom

the cheat- ren hoek

the poopsmith- a cyberman

strong mad- mark mcguire

the KOT - zz top member

pom pom - jim carrey as the riddler

bubs - bananaman

homsar- 'cool' lisa simpson 




 good point,  




 like that kree that recently came to earth with the amnesia thing,(whos name i dont remember), couldve brought like a video document of some kind showing that battle on nova prime, and coulson would be like, "was that a raccoon? and a tree creature?" you get the idea, the reasdon why i bring this up is because theres not really a whole lot connecting GOTG with the avengers and sheild, beyond a few references to other mcu movies and thanos, and thats pretty much it. the point im getting to is the GOTG  so far just EXIST, but imo there needs to be some mention on aos or something to make a good strong connection 




 there were recurring images of goofy appearing, can someone explain please, i mean try it 




 i read that ant man is set before and during phase 1 




 and i read somewhere that ant man is set before or during phase 1 




 yeah but for all we know Rocket in GOTH couldve been bipedal for 6 or 7 years. 




 First the lead up: an alien crew and its captain visit earth for some reason and they talk to dr pym, and one of them asks "say doc, do you think you can get us a raccoon, we need a test subject for some experiments," dr pym says "ummm sure but why a raccoon?" Alien says "because, we want to" then he gets them said raccoon and the aliens leave

The actual scene: we go back to the aliens in their ship and there's a mini montage of hacking and slicing stitching etc... But then the raccoon awakes and the aliens look over it all amazed and shit, and we cut to the raccoon and its revealed to be rocket from GOTG, and then rocket reacts "oh why do I feel different, and why am I speaking?" Fade to black 




 not according to acdc-1989 and his supposed followers 




 i came to the conclusion that daniel craig haters are sociopaths, i enjo them but whenever someone critisises them they gather in a group, making me feel like an outcast. and worse yet theres a user on imdb that copies and pastes the same criticism over and over again, i want him to die, and he goes by acdc-1989 hes probably the leader of the daniel craig haters, hes probably having a rally as we speak, and theyre probably burning a daniel craig dummy on a string and poking it with spears. and theyre probably planning on burning down dvd sections in all targets, walmarts, kmarts, etc. and get this, Bump, is their slogan probably, because acdc-1989 starts a topic and just says bump the other self posts. all im saying is as soon as you find out someones a daniel craig hater. stop being friends with them immediately, theyre evil and heartless, thank you, if theres a valid reason why i shouldnt like the daniel craig james bond movies please state why please 









 search.yahoo.com/search?fr=mcafee type=B210US0D20111102 p=star+trek+weekend+udate+snl

this is the video where it started it all, now im searching for reboot haters and teaching them a lesson ever since, now you see why i hate people who dislike the reboots, its because theyre ASSHOLES!! and theyre trying to ruin jj abrams career, by doing this so i ask for all haters to stop being haters!!!! i want all criticisms to stop!!!! thank you, not any one of you will amke me not like the reboots i know your game!! you want jj abrams to suffer and bob orci and jurtzman to suffer, well i wont have it!! thats how careers get ruined. dont you see? btw i enjoyed into darkness, and no one i repeat NO ONE will try to convince me otherwise, you may be thinking "but people have different opinions" Adolf hitler had an OPINION, kkk members have an OPINION, terrorists have OPINIONS. People have been telling me that for years and it's brought me nothing but misery, so I'm warning you Star Trek reboot haters, I'm on to you, someday I'll catch you all having a rally burning a jj Abrams dummy on a string and poking it with spears, and lynching a reboot fan, LIKE ME!! So don't be surprised if I report you to a hate crime division 




 well in that case i see your imgur image and a raise you:

http://youtu.be/YRWUeUK6kKQ 




 whats the context of you posting that image? is it my rambling or my (apparent) nonsense 




 reboot haters are forming an underground group, planning an attack against bad robot and all involved, they may be planning on an attack on, reboot fans AS WE SPEAK!! you may be thinking ''youve been watching too many marvel movies'' but it could happen 




 i mean i wouldnt be surprised if reboot haters formed a kkk-esque group, where they lynch and burn reboot fans! or have nazi-esque rallys 




 and btw im not orci, im just a really frustrated person who enjoys movies 




 but theres people like you being an ungrateful shit!! i mean it got rave reviews for christs sake, you only need to be literate to see that!!its not rocket science 









 look all im saying is treat people who like the reboots like you would want to be treated, dont treat them like lesser human beings. 




 You sure you and other reboot haters don't meet in an underground arena to hold rally's where your unnamed leader gives anti reboot speeches. And you salute him a la' the nazis 




 I Mean whenever someone insults the reboots I just wish a painful death upon them. And I don't know why, it's like will thy be that way forever? I mean you may be saying "why are you wasting your breath saying some few people didn't like a movie?" Well before you respond to that, is it true that:

a) reboot haters are sociopaths

b)burn jj Abrams effigies kinda like the KKK 

c) lynch reboot fans also like the kkk from a speeding car

d) there's a conspiracy to destroy anyone and anything involved with the reboots?

e) reboot haters are conspiring to hack paramount 

Are any of these true? Why or why not
 




 EThink about it this way, if you were a filmmaker and someone with a terminal disease, was going to die before the films premiere, would you screen the film for them? Or would you be willing to? 




 Well if you'd actually watch the video, he said te patient wanted to watch it, and he enjoyed it 









 First, Marvel did not buy Spider-Man back. They got the right to use the character in their films and discuss with Sony how to use the character. That's very different from owning all the rights.

fuck! 




 like scroll down to the 'films' section

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Cinematic_Universe

i mean wtf man!? however the mcu wiki is up to date

http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/Phase_Three

i mean what gives who do i believe? AND to add insult to injury check out this paragraph from the list of mcu films from wikipedia:

In December 2014, emails between Sony Pictures Entertainment Co-Chairman Amy Pascal and president Doug Belgrad were released after the November hacking of Sony's computers, stating that Sony wanted Marvel to produce a new trilogy of Spider-Man movies while Sony retains "creative control, marketing and distribution". Marvel also wanted to include Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War. However, discussions between Sony and Marvel broke down, with Sony wanting to go ahead with its already planned slate of Spider-Man films.[284]

i mean wtf!? who do i believe? the moderator for that page is probably sipping some scotch on the rocks being entertained for his not up to date page 




 the boondock saints 




 man, the incredible hulk is the one mcu movie that gets the LEAST love 




 1. how will they have the daily bugle, if at all? because i dont recall any mention of the daily bugle in any previous mcu media, they'll need to introduce the daily bugle at some point, or at the very least show an adult peter parker looking back on his life, and in a flashback show a young peter parker working there and then in present day say it closed down, or something

2. if they have j. jonah jameson, how strong  will his dislike for spider man be? because if there's other superheroes he'd be totally fine with it.
"i really hate spiderman!" "but sir we report on the avengers all the time, and you seem totally fine with them.'' "oh yeah, alright then no harm done.''

see what i mean? 




 oh yeah i saw that deviant art thing too 




 homestar runner - mr snrub

coach z - 'intergalactic' beastie boys member

the cheat - pikachu

strong bad - jack skellington

marzipan - the violinist from 'deus-suds and soda'

pom pom - a metroid

strong sad - zz top member

bubs - peter gabriel

strong mad - borg cube

the poopsmith - powerline 

the KOT - chef boyardee

homsar - engineer from 'conjunction junction' 
 




 believe whatever you want but, this guy is a clever, imposter 




 this guy is tring to frame me ill report him! 




 the vision doesnt look too shabby 




 their yelp reviews must be MURDEROUS 




 did his character in the marvel cinematic universe get killed off, so he can be on this show? 




 http://youtu.be/qMVJnWd4idE 




