 Reddit is become tumblr and we need to prevent it. The internet doesn't need to be controlled so people will have a "safe place". Fuck off. 




 No she didn't 




 This isn't fucking tumblr. Stop replying "This." to things. Jesus christ. If you agree, FUCKING UPVOTE IT! 




 And, where does this data come from? Oh /r/atheism post from an imgur pic. Must be true! 




 Why no NSFW. If a boss was walking behind you and saw this on your pc... well... 




 That wouldn't make since. When the "bombs dropped" in the lore, the shuttle wasn't around. 




 Ehh, I guess. 




 How is it a spoiler? 




 Sometimes leaving to give someone high? 




 Gyroids and Nintendo items. The rest is storage.
 




 Do we have any more info on it. Also, THE AMIBO HYPE IS REAL!!! 




 Damn, this is old as fuck. Why are you commenting? 




 Finally, tumblrinas understand that MEN, even if trans, are BETTER THAN WOMEN!! *sarcasm alert* 




 Yep 




 Probably Magic: The Gathering cards 




 Why did it have the word Gluten? 




 No. 




 Not as good as xbox graphics though. 




 I want it. I am playing on PS3. PM me or comment if you could get it to me. 3 




 What are you talking about. What is out of the ordinary? 




 I have no idea what is going on. 














 RP Points... riot points points? 




 I see. Thanks, ordered then! 




 It won't let me continue without making a donation. 




 You have to make a donation for it? So it isn't free? I'm confused. 




 I want a "Your a Squid Now" town theme. 




 I was thinking, this collection sucks! Then, I saw he had twister. 









 We all need someone to talk to at one time in our life. Or lots of times in our lives. 




 How many times is this going to be reposted? 




 Is weed legal there? If so, weed. That was a joke (maybe) trying to cheer you up. If you are having a hard time, you can pm me. We can talk. Find some interests. That is what helped me. Video games, I spent all my time on that. I get immersed in this world where I don't want to kill my self, I want to fucking murder this piece of shit boss. Keep your mind off it. All lives are shit. Some are more shit than others. You just have to shove the shit in the corner of the room and pretend so hard that it isn't there that it goes away. 




 Link to normal gif. 




 I use my PS3 for TV. Netflix skips the theme song after I watch 1 episode. The only use of a PS3. 




 No screenshot? Also, fuck Phil Fish 




 Prolly 69% 









 Sweet tattoos. 




 I would like one. :) 




 COOOOOOO OPTION ALL!!! 




 Easy. The sun is a wondrous body. Like a magnificent father! If only I could be so grossly incandescent! 




 Beau... is that you? 




 With blackjack... and hookers 




 Whoops, silly me. Game link: store.steampowered.com/app/286160/ 









 I hate this about shows. Most of the time during "phone calls" they are sitting at the home screen. It just bothers me. Can't you just call the director and get him to mute the phone then edit the voice in? It is hardly any more work. 




 comments=/r/falloutboycirclejerk 




 You didn't preorder? You will be accepted in PCMR 




 Its bad. It will be worse on console. Do not buy unless they do the FTP system. Then, don't spend money on it. Or if you get a good sale. 




 NT came before 95. You are missing ME. 




 Oh, :P 




 Can't he suffocate?  




 This still counts are preordering!!! [but...](http://i.imgur.com/rK3TdJx.gif) 




 What? Dude, the game looks like shit from what we have seen. Seems like what we would find on a 360, not a PC in this day and age. Graphics don't really matter to me, but I can see shit when it is there. 




 I'm confused, I've been playing smite forever without needing a key. Is there a new beta thing they are trying out?
 




 Love Fallout 3 and New Vegas. Bought Fallout 1, doesn't work on my PC. I really want Fallout 2. I was just going to make a GOG request when I saw this. Steam Community: steamcommunity.com/id/train_subject1909 




 Is this not normal? My little brother brings home stacks of this shit every week. One time he had a "Family Tree" project. It was detailed as fuck. It was a thin book with great-great-great granpa places for you to write your obscure family. On the back, "Chuch of Mormon" We get this shit all the time. 




 To be honest, the you can't use the dictionary is a valid argument. I mean, look at [fag](http://imgur.com/d2jcf3b) and [feminism](http://imgur.com/LzLwPdS). Obviously, *everyone* can be racist, but using a dictionary on constantly changing subjects like racism is dumb. 




 That show was fucked up for it last few seasons. My little sister loves Full House, she would watch it (on Nick @nite (that is how it is spelled)) One second, Oleson Twins, next second, a Degrassi commercial with some young "kids" fucking. :/ 









 I've got a long purple thing. I was born with it. I assumed it was called an EGGplant because it looked like what fertilizes eggs. 




 *Posts photo of things related to two console exclusive games on PCMASTERRACE.* Try /r/gaming bud. ;) 




 PC man, always PC. 




 Oh, its fine, I was making sure.  Sometimes people don't deliver you know. Thanks, sorry if I sound like a dick. 




 calvinball? No, it's turtles all the way down. 




 Are you still planning on giving me the armor, if you aren't, its fine, you don't have to. 




 Drinking game, take a shot every time he says "Yea" 




 It is not the kind of RPGs. It is hardly an RPG. It is an action adventure game with numbed down RPG mechanics. Not an RPG, even if it was, not the KING of RPG's.  




 Thanks for helping! I will be on reddit then... probably. 




 So I am, 47. 




 Then my souls level is ~50. 47 i think. 




