









 or a buddy cop movie with Paul Giamatti as Chuck Blazer, traveling around the world with his handler FBI agent Chris Pratt to record various FIFA meeting 




 when they started MILF dont mean anything, it is just their fight go for decades, until the headlines become hilarious 




 she never said she see Stannis defeat Bolton in the vision 




 Bolton's fate is already written, their banner will be lowered as Melisandre walk along the battlement of Winterfell,  




 It is on the trailer 




 in that movie they did say Sepp is really good in finding money 



















 the vatican can order him to stand trial because they are the one holding the trial, not sending him over to the local authority 




 surely some production company already have this in development, the story is just too good.  




 pretty sure law have been accidentally pass  




 i dont see the logic in this, he have the gun in his briefcase, while he is surrounded by highly trained man with gun in their holster ready to shoot anyone that come for the President. any time there is an attack before he can reach for his gun the agents would have jump on him to cover him or carry him away from the attacker. in what scenario would him ever have time to take out the gun? 














 also Master of nothingness 














 you cannot be too careful  









 who would have known Edmure have it in him 




 mountainstein going to fuck some shit up, the high sparrow would not know what hit him 









 once a mannis always a mannis, #teamstannisnoregrets 




 next season will be legal drama of Ser Davos fighting foreclosure  









 and the news report will be police chase down kid and shot him in the back 














 Jack Warner is the gift that keep on giving, John Oliver's writing team can just take a few days off and let this guy create his material.  









 they have air superiority against ISIS since western jet are providing air support, and they dont run away from ground engagement like Iraqi army. they seen to know what they are doing and have a solid game plan. 




 it make sense since one of the guy is described as very handsome and have a very big dick 









 the sale pitch is legit for this van 




 it was custom made to survive the coming zombie apocalypse 



























































 the reporters would be double mindfucked 




 finally, cat's evil plan is exposed 









 it could be worst, it could have been Sam Allardyce 



















 but if the opposing team did not score from that corner kick, they are in huge trouble from the lighting counter strike 














 it would be awkward if the partnership is still active when they have to arrest Sepp  




 prostitution may be legal but pimping illegal.  




 The guy is shooting an intruder at his house, how is his killing self defense? 














 on the other hand, it is terrific for people with a lot of debt, all their debt just got inflated away.  






















































 he is in Florida not Texas 














 like the high sparrow inquisition, no one suspect the Franciscan inquisition  














 he can have them broken on the wheel, if Vatican still keep some of their old equipment 














 this is a crime against humanity 














 guess who signed the agreement with the Iraqi to withdraw troops 




 the affidavit to federal court just got unsealed, revealing more information on the hack 




 GW is the one that signed the agreement to withdraw from Iraq 



















 is this just viral marketing for Jurassic World? 









 and you think Brazil and India dont do mass digital survaillance? 




 statute of limitations have long passed on that charge 




 is that after he look into Putin's soul? 




  When historians write about this period in U.S. history, it could very well be that one of the themes will be how the United States lost its global technology leadership to other nations

which nation would US lost the leadership to over this? it is quite clear that all other countries with high level of technology are all doing large scale digital surveillance. British have GCHQ tapping the fiber backbone, Russia have SORM, French just last month pass law to have mass digital data collection , Germany have BND collection millions of phone data and pass along to NSA. 




 the speed analogy is not suitable, the guy withdraw more than $ 3 mil of cash not $ 9,999 









 Ollie going to fuck some shit up, all this season it have built up to this 









 he become lobbyist after politics 




 this is nothing to with gay sex, it is he trying to cover up a case that are already way past statute of limitations 




 that was the entire defense plan, those diabolically clever bastard 




 if he is drinking Macallan 1939, he would not have drank more than half bottle a week with that kind of budget 




 if the terminal ill have access to experimental drugs, would it be ethical for half of them to receive placebo dose? 
























 if he really can't wait why not just share it? 




 just when you think he cannot be more of an asshole 




 Boltons are going to be destroy by the Deus ex machina that Shireen blood magic conjured.  




 wait for next episode, the arrival of the deus ex machina to crush winterfell 




 that dude never see her give birth to vagina monster 




 Sesame Street have been specially designed by child education expert to educate kids. they work on every aspect of the presentation to make in hold the kids attention and teach them some new information every segment.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sesame_Street_research#Background_and_development 




 how is this a poor decision? he sacrifice her to get the deus ex machina to win the war. a perfectly sound decision 




 Daenerys Targaryen cut and run during battle, Daenerys Targaryen, wrong for Meereen, wrong for Westeros

- message paid for by the sons of Harpy 




 the blood magic worked everytime he have tried it. as a leader of men, he must make the sacrifice 




 Stannis just done what Agamemnon have done, Agamemnon sacrifice his daugther Iphigenia to appease Artemis, so his troops can go on to win the Trojan war. 




 That would be the most diabolical plan, no one would suspect 









 the only good thing out of this is that House Bolton will be destroy soon 




 today will always be remember as the day the Mannis hype train crashed 




 after the Mannis hype train crash today, i am getting on this hype train.

 




 if Apache patrol the border. some of the Jade Helm conspiracy theorist will lose their mind, the Obama takeover have come 














 an idea of great genius 









 up next, North Korea to hold UN conference on open government 





























 they are dead serious about this, the earth quake was cause by disrespect for the spirit, and the group are going to be charge in native court.

 









 sure that is the reason 









 china have done it, Yao Ming is an example 









 a lot of drivers are moron and there is always a chance to be rear ended by these moron everytime you drive on the road, no mystery there 



















 nice try, no one that work in apple store can afford to drink luwak 




 only if you have a death wish 









 suggestion for independent did not get majority support.

http://www.radioaustralia.net.au/international/2012-05-18/call-for-independence-discussion-for-american-samoa/946016 
























 but he can do it the other way round, change the appearance of his father and grandfather to look more like him.  




 there are reason why other Samoans dont support this. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/38okr5/us_court_rejects_american_samoans_bid_for_full/

According to Morrison, many on the island feel that American influence in Samoa had already brought a host of changes, like a population boom and more unhealthful food and lifestyles. "Culture is so important to the people of American Samoa that they have fought hard to shield it from foreign erosion," he wrote. "In so doing, they have potentially given up many rights and benefits for which they would otherwise be eligible."

This is essentially the argument that the American Samoan government made when it sided with the Obama administration in the current case. The brief says that American citizenship would also bring new scrutiny to long-standing cultural practices  like limiting the sale of communal land to people with at least half-Samoan ancestry  that might violate the Equal Protection Clause. It's one of the many thorny wrinkles in a case pitting the preservation of an indigenous culture against a broader call for rights. 









 imagine all kinds of Nazi theme sexual depravity have been done to this panties over the years 









 he is not getting into trouble with the sex abuse, he is getting into trouble for trying to withdraw several million of hush money without being detected by bank and lying to FBI about the purpose of the money 




 well, i have seem at lot of male footballer drop to the ground like little bitches after minimum contact. i think they should check on that.

mandatory sex check for anyone that roll on the ground after minimum contact 



















 thug life 









 George Washington are not running away from hoard of ice zombies 




 why the fuck did he not row? 




 he know nothing because he takes the blue pill 









 Ramsay just reject the advice of a room full of much more experienced military commanders, to lead a mission with only 20 man to attack the best military commander of the seven kingdom. he will be skin alive by the morning.  




 i guess the best part would be Havelange comment on Blatter He is apparently good at finding money, 














 i predict the head of most of these FA will be arrested before the game end.

also Argentina FTW 




 this sound like a terrible decision for his football career, he may be warming the bench most of the time. 




 so no chance for the HSBC Premier League? 




 Gazprom Premier League,
Qatar Foundation Premier League,
Visa Premier League,
Mastercard Premier League,
Etihad Premier League,
Emirates Premier League,
Under Armor Premier League,
Nike Premier League,
Adidas Premier League,
KFC Premier League,
Imperial Premier League,
British Empire Premier League,

which of these sound better?
 




 wait for Papiss TIFU post 




 have you seen what issue Bush campaigned on. 

compassionate conservatism, reduce nation building aboard by reducing foreign intervention, reducing the size of the army 









 dont Rooney's agent do this everytime during contract negotiation? 




 well, they are both currently getting hit hard by Hezbollah, Sunni unity maybe? 




 arsenal did that every season, before the meltdown, crisis and recovery.  




 for a sport that are unpopular in the US, how did the 94 world cup totally smash the attendance record of previous WC and still stand until today. 




 friends that bribe together, jail together 




 origi already learn "Next year is our year" 



















 he is no the biggest coward of the lot, just the first to get nail by the FBI and set this thing in motion, now that so many directly implicated we will see much more people snitching on everyone to save their own ass. i would be surprise if anyone of these crook will be willing to do time for each other.   



















