



















 That's an anomaly. It still hasn't happened en masse among bankers since 1929. 

Face it, in 2015 bankers don't commit suicide, they're one of the leading causes of suicide.  




 That hasn't happened in a long time. 

As a matter of fact, the term "golden parachute" is actually a reference to the bankers who lost it all and jumped out of windows after the Great Crash of 1929. 

The golden parachute figuratively provides an equally safe and luxurious landing for bankers, bailed out by the federal government.  


































 This was an excellent episode of the Corbett Report.  












































 Removed, rule 10.  




 Removed, rule 10.  




 Removed, rule 10 of the sub, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  




 Removed, violation of rule 10.  




 Yea but I think that the British have been by far the worst. The scope of colonial suffrage caused by the British remains to be matched. 

Also the fact that the British Empire is chiefly responsible for the creation of the 3rd world and the developing world. 

Before the British conquered India, much of Africa and the Middle East, the poor arpund the world enjoyed similar living standards. 

After England created their colonial empire, the poor and middle class in England had much higher living standards than British colonial subjects. Effectively creating a 3rd world in India, Africa and the Middle East. 

To understand the modern world, you have to know the history of the British Empire.  




 If you ever read *Late Victorian Holocausts* by Mike Davis it details how the British were responsible for several famines in India over the course of a century and a half. 

The British pretty much shipped the vast majority of India's grain and wheat to be inserted into European markets, it was a manufactured shortage. 

Just look at the Bengal Famine in 1943, 7 million Bengalis died of starvation, during that same period the majority of Bengali crops were being used to help fight the British war effort in World War II. 

Google *Late Victorian Holocausts*, its one of the best books I've ever read. 

Our history of the British Empire has been completely whitewashed. All of the famines and atrocities that occurred during British rule, especially in India, have been effectively swept under the rug and we are left with a rosy, Downtown Abbey-like view of the British Empire. 

The British Empire was a horrible, exploitative, militant, racist, murderous society. We shouldn't forget the many atrocities committed by the Empire, in its quest for global domination.  
























 Also, [there's this recent article about how the Red Cross raised nearly half a billion dollars for the victims of the Haitian earthquake in 2010 and only built 6 homes with it.](https://www.propublica.org/article/how-the-red-cross-raised-half-a-billion-dollars-for-haiti-and-built-6-homes)

That Propublica article is what got me to take a look at the American Red Cross and their scandal-plagued history. They seem to do something like this in the aftermath of every major natural disaster or social upheaval.  

















































 I never alter the titles of my submissions, I always go with the title of the person who wrote the content. 

Adding my own spin or narrative to the title of the article only confuses and disappoints people after they click on the link for the article I submitted.  










































































 Removed. Violation of rule #1 of the sub, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  












































 I'm happy he appears to be doing okay mentally. I was worried he was going to have some sort of permanent brain damage. 

I've followed his whole career since he played Brian Fellows on SNL to the Tracy Jordan days on 30 Rock. I also saw him do stand up in Philly a few years ago, he killed. 

You can tell this accident, like most near-death instances, has profoundly changed Tracy.  














 This speech gave me a freedom boner.  












































 This shit couldn't possibly be more rigged. 

I don't know what Sepp Blatter did to anger those in power, but it looks increasingly like his days as the head of FIFA are going to end today.  
















































































































































 Yes, see how easy that was ? 

You can make your statement without taking a shot at the sub in its entirety.  




 Removed. Violation of rule #10 of the sub. Continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy 














 Removed. Rule #6 of the sub. No Caps Lock.  














 "*The Gang Goes to Vegas*" 














 Removed, violation of rule #1 of the sub. Continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  
























 It makes sense. Schaub is a great wrestler, but Cain's gas tank is unmatched for heavyweights, and you need a gas tank to wrestle. 

Cain was also a NCAA Division 1 wrestler and he's got a black belt in BJJ.  

























































































 Removed comment, you violated rule #10 of the sub.  




 Removed, rule 10.  




 Removed. Rule #10 of the sub.  




 Removed. Rule #10 of the sub, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  




 Removed. Rule #6 of the sub.  














 Removed. Rule 1 of the sub. Continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  

















































 Removed, rule #1.  














 Okay, fair enough. In the future if someone posts PI in their submission unintentionally, could you just PM them about it ? Instead of putting their name in a comment, visible to everyone ?  




 You 

















































 Removed. Violation of Reddiquette, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.  














 As long as I live I will never be able to understand why people find this man funny. 

I consider his, to be the bottom rung of comedy, just below the Scary Movie/parody film brand. 

He's just awful in everything he does. 

*Jack   Jill*, gimme a fucking break.  









 I've said it here before and I'll say it again, James Corbett is the antidote to Alex Jones. 

Furthermore, IMHO he was our best AMA guest, the man recorded video responses to questions, *video responses*. 

He's an indispensable source of information and what I would consider to be the best alternative news source ever. He provides citations and always maintains a certain professorial presence, even when discussing atrocities. 

I really can't say enough good things about James Corbett. If you like his work, you should see his documentary, its called *Century of Enslavement: The Federal Reserve*. 

[Here's a link to the documentary on his website.](https://www.corbettreport.com/federalreserve/) 



















 I know, I cringed when Slate compared Alex Jones to Sy Hersh. 

This is what I'm talking about when I say that Alex Jones has done more damage to the "conspiracy theorist" image, for lack of a better phrase, than anyone.  




