









 Even if she might harm her immunocompromised patients? 




 Freakin Typhoid Mary... 




 "There is an unspoken understanding that you probably should be on your deathbed if you are calling in sick, one anonymous emergency room physician commented on the open-ended essay section of the survey. and [it] makes me look bad to do so (like I am weak or something). It is much, much less stressful to suck it up and come in sick than call out. 




 Good point. Although some of the quotes from the physicians really got me. The idea that they'll risk a patient's life so they won't "look weak" is a big problem. 









 Original Study: http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0117259 




 Obligatory: this happened just now and I'm still wallowing in shame, but not badly enough to wait until it wears off to write a post

I keep a bunch of dinosaur toys on my desk at work. There's a triceratops and a stegosaurus. I expect every intelligent person to know the difference between the two but, just in case you don't [here's a handy explanation](http://dinosaurs.findthedata.com/compare/255-278/Stegosaurus-vs-Triceratops). Right. So my desk-mate pointed to the triceratops this morning and asked if it was a stegosaurus. Rather than smacking him for not being a paleontologist, I gave a super dank explanation: 

"No," said I. "It's a tricerotops. Cuz it's got tri, three, ceras on its tops!". So witty. So cool. That's why I'm the king of the workplace.

Meanwhile, another coworker walked by. He said, hey, thats what my Dad used to say when he was describing tricerotops. Now, a social adept person would have heard the phrase what my Dad used to say and figured there might be more to the story. Not me. 

Hey!" said I. "Thats awesome. Your Dad is awesome. Lets invite him to the office! Why has he never been here before? Cant wait to meet your dad!! He rocks. 

My coworker just stared at me sadly and walked away. Turns out his Dad is dead, and the triceratops thing was a fond childhood memory, not an invitation to remind him of his loss. Oops.

TL;DR Invited coworkers dead father to the office. Ruined a happy childhood memory involving dinosaurs. Clarified stegosaurus vs triceratops once and for all. 




 [Relevant video](http://www.vocativ.com/video/culture/science/junk-science-mouse-trials-are-meaningless/) 




 Slappity-Bumpies sounds like a 90s board game. And I would play it with ALL participants of ANY gender. 

Cuz even in the 90s, I was progressive. 




 OP is most definitely not with the FBI.  




 Here's the original study: http://nature.com/articles/doi:10.1038/ncomms8346

Abstract:
"Evaporation is a ubiquitous phenomenon in the natural environment and a dominant form of energy transfer in the Earths climate. Engineered systems rarely, if ever, use evaporation as a source of energy, despite myriad examples of such adaptations in the biological world. Here, we report evaporation-driven engines that can power common tasks like locomotion and electricity generation. These engines start and run autonomously when placed at airwater interfaces. They generate rotary and piston-like linear motion using specially designed, biologically based artificial muscles responsive to moisture fluctuations. Using these engines, we demonstrate an electricity generator that rests on water while harvesting its evaporation to power a light source, and a miniature car (weighing 0.1kg) that moves forward as the water in the car evaporates. Evaporation-driven engines may find applications in powering robotic systems, sensors, devices and machinery that function in the natural environment." 




 Can anyone find the original paper for this? It's supposed to be in Nature Methods, but I don't see it... 




 Can flying fish fly? 




 Here's the abstract from [the original study](http://www.nature.com/srep/2015/150611/srep10768/full/srep10768.html):
"Microscale soft-robots hold great promise as safe handlers of delicate micro-objects but their wider adoption requires micro-actuators with greater efficiency and ease-of-fabrication. Here we present an elastomeric microtube-based pneumatic actuator that can be extended into a microrobotic tentacle. We establish a new, direct peeling-based technique for building long and thin, highly deformable microtubes and a semi-analytical model for their shape-engineering. Using them in combination, we amplify the microtubes pneumatically-driven bending into multi-turn inward spiraling. The resulting micro-tentacle exhibit spiraling with the final radius as small as ~185 m and grabbing force of ~0.78 mN, rendering itself ideal for non-damaging manipulation of soft, fragile micro-objects. This spiraling tentacle-based grabbing modality, the direct peeling-enabled elastomeric microtube fabrication technique, and the concept of microtube shape-engineering are all unprecedented and will enrich the field of soft-robotics."

EDIT: Here's the full study (no paywall): http://www.nature.com/srep/2015/150611/srep10768/pdf/srep10768.pdf 




 As long as the peanut supporters keep the hate to their own subreddit and don't harass those with allergies on imgur, I think it'll be fine.   









 Those people are allergic to longevity. Study says so. 




