 Literally paying brokers political rents. 




 I see them, too. The place I work is doing civil for some redevelopment. There are big problems in Balt with underground utilities and the concept of re-using existing row home frontage.

The Balt city government did a massive public works project a few decades ago and "upgraded" the city water mains. That is in scare quotes because they used reinforced concrete for pressurized mains. At any given time, there is a major road closure because the pipe has popped. Any redevelopment needs to address this and that means it only makes financial sense to do work an entire block at a time.

When people drive through the empty parts of the city, they see the backs of buildings burnt out and the fronts mostly fine but boarded up. Many of these shells could be refilled with a home. It is a waste of time, though, because of the structure of the blocks. First, there is very little hope for anyone to use these mass-produced buildings for small business. The lot size and access are not there. Second, you would have to get the zoning changed and to do that you would have to get grassroots support. While you are doing that you might as well get an entire new government elected. I've been in those offices and met those people. Plenty are capable and confident, but the private development process is not lean by and stretch or chew. Third, the streets are too wide. Three to four lanes of sometimes considerable car traffic will kill any neighborhood. The frontage needs to be closer and the streetscape needs to put the pedestrian in charge. While you are doing this, you might as well shorten the short side of blocks and add a few northing roads, or make square blocks with courtyards.

Bonus problem: MD RT40 "the highway to nowhere" is a 50ft deep cut that bisected a thriving black community when it was built. The city fell hard after that for various reasons, but since it did not much redevelopment and infrastructure restructuring was completed in the area - leaving the area filled with owners but the need for massive changes.

Bonus problem #2: Flooding and storm drains. the watershed for the streams that run into the harbor are concrete, now, so they flash the water down. The city needs some greenbelts inside the limits.

Bonus problem #3: The highland hills. Baltimore is not flat. I'm not talking about the potholes, but some of those statistically contribute to elevation variance IMO.

Bonus benefit: There is enough property to redevelop in the city to spur billions of dollars in growth. Get a good amount of three to five story buildings and you can bring in local mass transit, so leave room for future trolleys in the streetscape.

Bonus benefit: Urban farming. Baltimore has many parks, community gardens, and entrepreneurial farmers. 




 Also improvements or redevelopment. 




  If someone is keeping sufficient tabs on a property to ~~launch~~ *respond to* a dispute, then it's not really abandoned.

ftfy, as I see it.

EDIT: What I'm saying is that it doesn't matter if someone who does not own a property yet desires the property, but it does matter if the owner is able to be tied to the property and contacted or will notice any physical intrusion or inquiry. 




 Was it something the Foglios sold or sell?

edit: just... nevermind. Its early 




 I hope she's seen [Wartime Farm](http://www.wartimefarm.co.uk/). Not sure if it can still be found in completion on YouTube. 




 In the UK? I believe it. 




 Your words have stung, get rid of your tongue. 




 And then there is artwork referencing Hook in there, so you second guess yourself... 




 As a libertarian, I would love it if we could organize effective civil disobediance against the government. Specifically in education, taxes, trade restrictions, and healthcare. 




 The [Savory Institute](https://www.facebook.com/savory.global?fref=nf) just shared [a release from the Sierra Club](http://www.sierraclub.org/sierra/2015-3-may-june/green-life/unjust-deserts) about soil management. The UN bought the use of this image for the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification.

I saw it and thought it would be fun to... see if anyone else could whip one up. I'm subbed because all your stuff looks delicious, the last think I baked was ~~English drop puddings.~~ 

Edit: actually, those are boiled. Last thing I baked was corn pudding. 














  Cutting out the administrative overhead of insurance companies could be more efficient.

And lead to doctors either fleeing under price mandates or raising prices to take advantage of straight-to-government funding. 




 Great healthcare plan, I bet. 




 Humans have rights inherent in our nature. Animals have rights inherent in their nature. 




 The many states cannot print their own money or negotiate foreign trade to attempt to manage the monetary system.

There is no internal reform which would enable the price of healthcare to go down in America in the case of an or some individual states socializing medicine. 




 Just leave a downvote. 














 If that is the case, the pipes and bowls will make for a truly tubular commute. 




 Maybe a movable middle barrier? 




 I wonder if you could list your government mandated healthcare payments as a hardship to delay the loans. 




 http://www.old-games.com/download/9727/battlefield-2142

I paid for a day, downloaded 40 games. No problems yet. 














 Are you talking about plowing or soil additives or something else? 




 So by social order you mean "capitalist" or "Socialist" or any kind of deviant community therein. 




 Its not like you have to look happy or anything, but... 




   They know it will destroy the system and they benefit from the system.

What makes you think your system won't be destroyed, too? Rhetorical.

 but if the government can't solve the issue of greed certainly the 'pure market' (pure greed) can't solve the problems of greed either but will exacerbate it. 

Government initiates force with relative impunity. That is the difference.

 Whereas capitalist logic sees accountability as harming the freedom of the owners of capital.

I just wrote about how accountability is essential.

 Other people are just leeches on their success. And what is wrong with them buying and selling favors, when they are the successful ones and us the poor losers?

Is this an argument about how accountability is not essential? It is a straw man.

 always give the advantage to whoever has the most money rather than who is wronged. 

Always? What about reputation? Not between company and simple passengers, but in between companies. The insurance will suffer, the stock will suffer, any professional clientele of the company will feel like there may be less fairness if something goes wrong. Once people are accountable for teir assets, it is not smart to let another company manage them in any way that you won't be able to bring to justice in court. People who rely on that compnay for services will go elsewhere.

 they still have to raise the money to begin with. Which most people cannot feasibly do.

The funds are high right now because of a barrier to entry and the incomprehensibility of the law.

 anarcho-syndicalism

If you are denying property rights, then you are denying something basic to humanity. 




 OK.

[The role of soil organic matter in sustaining soil fertility](http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v371/n6500/abs/371783a0.html)

[Environmental and Economic Costs of Soil Erosion and Conservation Benefits](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/267/5201/1117)

Fertilizers do not increase soil health, merely nutritional availability for plants. There is just as much erosion on an unfertilized field as a fertilized field - all else the same. Without the mycological and plant root structures, the microscopic pockets of air, the microorganisms... Soil is just dirt. Yields decrease and chemical inputs have to go up to compensate for both the lack of inherent nutrient and the increased amount of runoff pulling chemical additives away from plants.

[Here is a visual example](https://youtu.be/nhVWNwCRpKg?t=25m35s) at 25 minutes.

And don't even think about dredging rivers and ports for eroded soil and shipping it back to the fields. It takes billions just to dredge a 14 mile stretch of river with heavy deposits behind a catching dam. 




 Ok, I'll just google that I guess. 




  If Monsanto weren't allowed patent rights over GMOs, corn and sugar prices would drop like a rock. You don't get to just remove one arbitrary government interference and say "Look the free market supports me!" You have to remove them all.

If I wanted to sit here an list all the ways government affects the market...

 Then stop using ancient farms causing desertification as an argument. You can't have it both ways.

Prove to me that plowing doesn't harm soil health and increase erosion.

 They paid for it!

No, the consumer did. Every transaction in a market attempts to pass the cost of supply onto the demand. At some point in the chain of supply there is a wrinkle, like I said. Proper pressure is not being placed on the grower when he comes to the wholesale market. 




 Go find me proof plowing doesn't harm soil health or increase erosion. 




 Then try to think outside your box so that I may understand.

Is it a reference to something that an outsider might consider arcane? 




 Oh. I was asking a question about socialism, the type of a nation where control is managed by a state.

So in these inherent stages in the progression to complete communism: at this stage is the whole world under one government, necessarily? 




 First of all, cutting the land is *exactly* what we have been doing the same for 10,000 years.

Second, it doesn't matter if they didn't have science. We do, and we are measuring what those people did to their own land. Roman authors complained of the process as it was happening. They had writing, so maybe you can relate to that. David R. Montgomery has a slide from one Roman author in his lecture you can go find. 




 If corn and sugar were more expensive, it would make more healthy forms of growing more competitive. This would bring down the luxury charge on organic beef. Simple.

I am well acquainted with both the argument you are trying to make and the nature of pre-industrial farms. Modern farms are very different. Farmers and stock do not live in the same conditions, both are improved. Farmers use technology when it makes sense - such as automation, transportation, health, and various sciences. The fact that a farm does not offload bad costs is not a function of decrepitude of practices and conditions.

Better stated: they have no objective to avoid it because there is no cost to throwing it away. We will agree this is not a free market growers are operating in, and there are social trivialities being reinforced by other factors in the supply chain. 




  some people have more important things to care about.

Ensuring social order is done naturally in every society. It is done in plain conversation, in written opinion, and in art. It is done in prejudices and insults, as well. It is done in court precedent and in law. I suppose I am asking if a sizeable amount of people did not assume the norm and reinforce it (but maybe act with disdain for it - or malign it privately) would socialism break down?

And a more subtle question - if it can break down, what are people "reverting to?" 




  a society who practices self-defense against exploitative violence

So, how do they do that? Through the actions of the government only? Through voluntarily practicing? If you said no to the first and yes to the second then why did you not say yes to my question? 




  And if suppose it was true, how would it be any different for other social orders? 

I do not understand this part of your comment and I would very much like for you or someone to explain it. Are there inherently multiple social orders in a socialist scenario?  There just seems to be some piece missing from the sentence to help it make sense in context. 




 You are confusing an aspect of socialism with what many think of communism, which is that it would have to be world-wide. Do you think socialism can only exist in a one world government scenario? 




 My spouse and I are using NFP, so we haven't gotten into the storm of issues around hormonal treatments. 




 Dude, you don't know we can take core samples of lake beds? There are ancient caches discovered all over the world preserved materials. Mortar in ancient structures and the ice in glaciers... All these places can hold pollen, seed, and dust samples which are hard evidence and dateable within centuries.

Besides that, the professor in the video (whose book I have read) mentions charts of data about half way through the lecture (at thirty minutes). These charts are made from modern studies on erosion. There are four sets, Agriculture, Mountainous, Soil-Covered Land, and Cratons (or extremely flat areas). I have listed them in order of maximum erosive potential. The most degrading agriculture ever measured was more erosive than a glacier scouring land. You know what dug the Great Lakes? Glaciers scouring the land. The chart does not show soil building, which can be measured separately but cannot catch up to the greater erosion rates. Even a forested hilltop will slowly crumble away.

I'm sorry for being insulting now. Would you like me to link you to youtube videos or National Geographic articles? I just got a thorn in my sole with conversing with you and I shouldn't have. 




  That's bullshit. Higher margins maybe, but the sheer numbers are not even the same order of magnitude.

Durrr, I'm sorry I'm so dumb. :P That's totally not what I meant./s Obviously. But in comparison it is extremely promising.

 Not everyone can afford grass fed or USDA Prime you know.

... we both know why they can't, if you're here - but still: Anything not grass fed is simply worth the cost of protein and fat chemicals available for ingestion and less than that for the undesireable content. Just because the economy is leaking like a seive to regulation and tax doesn't mean eating bad food is normal all of a sudden.

The population growth subsidized by the subsidization of industrial agriculature is a cost of statism as well - don't forget that. People make different decisions with different incentives.

 You mean all farming.

There are farms which add value to anything they associate with. The air is clean, water runs clear, and the soil is healthy. People feel good there and the produce is superior. Open field monoculture negatively affects the value of everything associated - barring the produced goods.

 When you figure out exactly how many units of each product will sell every day, you let the supermarket owners know. Until then, your contention that they are all somehow making the same mistake when they could destroy their competitors by improving is just silly.

With your determined lack of imagination, I must wonder how you can even comprehend the market. Truly - you are a boggling mass of writhing incomprehensions.

Edit: last bit is harsh and I want to apologize. My error of jumping to conclusions. 




 I'm not even blaming this shit on "climate science" and you're dismissing real data? How black is your pit? 




 No, there is no democratic accountability. That is a lie. Every politician but the rare exception either has a personal agenda or is bought off. - and if that does not weigh a decision the vote is up for trading for favors with others. If you meant regulation by departments, well, just look at the revolving doors at the executive level. The regultory departments are useless for controlling or prosecuting anyone with a fortune. No bankers, CEOs, or anyone else suitably connected goes away down the river.

 (as opposed to taking everything to court which punishes the victims of these negative externalities with exorbitant costs for legal fees)

This is a simple tort reform issue where in some places a losing defendant is not made to pay the plaintiff's court fees.

The market isn't failing when it comes to negative externalities - the precedent has simply not had a chance to catch up to the science. In the days of railroads the companies were sued for starting fires with the sparks from their engines' smokestacks. After losing to ranchers, farmers, and old ladies the companies added spark catchers. We've come a long way since then but the government has gotten in the way of the courts.

 Even small business owners do not want to worry about losing their house because something bad happened at their store or restaurant. 

This fear exists because of both a litigious streak in modern society enabled by bad, morally relative, law and a loophole-ridden tax system which people use limited liability to protect themselves from (some, as they try to game the loopholes). But don't turn your nose up at the small to medium business owner who tried to loop a loop put there by a large corporation as a political lobbying job.

 Capitalism requires this and other actions by the state in order to be somewhat stable, moral hazards and abuses be damned.

If we laid no hands on the free trade of goods, services, and ideas, people would be personally culpable to the actions of their company properties - including stakeholders - and systems would be available to address these matters and enforce them. 




 Organic farmers have just recently shown higher profits than conventional farmers.

Alternative methods include incorporating cover crops, using a seed drill instead of plowing, alleycropping, forest gardening, and grazing animals over the fields. Some organic farmers still use pesticides and herbicides but use ones approved by third parties to meet certain guidelines to protect the environment, farmer, and consumer.

Meat production is done industrially as well. When compared to well-raised meats, it is sickly, anemic, and has a poor nutrient profile. That is a cost on the consumer and supporting it in any way is a cost on the taxpayer.

Industrial farming generates other externalities in the environment, consumer, and farmer which are not costs passed on to the consumer. They are shouldered in various levels by everyone.

I don't advocate emptying buildings and ending business sectors and crap, but I do think that if food costed the true price we wouldn't waste a third before it reached the supermarket and not a small percentage after that. The landfills of California are filled with perfectly fine produce that simply didn't get sold at the right price. That is a large efficiency which means there is  wrinkle in the market that can be ironed out. I think government subsidies stand in the way. 




 There is substantial data on soil erosion by open field agriculture all the way back to the desertification of the fertile crescent. Our ancestors cut down all the trees and tilled all the soil until it ran into the rivers and silted them up, then once the land was purged of organic matter it stopped holding water to regulate rivers and became desert with flash floods. This happened in Greece, China, Asia Minor, the Tiber River valley, and almost happened in the American Colonies. Ur, Ostia, and Joppatowne were all ports - now they are 150, 20, and 3 miles inland, respectively.

Oh, and the cities buried in the Sahara were screwed by a change in the axis of the earth. Its there in the archaeological record.

[We understand its fucking insane to think the plow might have killed as many people as the state (in its many forms), but that is the case.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQACN-XiqHU) 




 Permaculture is a design ethos/method/understanding that lets you tie processes and entities together in a more innately productive way - starting at the bottom, usually. And usually the dirt floor bottom. How high it gets taken is another matter and it doesn't have to exist in a vacuum. If I wanted to make backpacks that were straight-up permaculture based I would need a town of 1,000 behind that to accomplish the specialization, demand, equipment, and supplies. 




 What he said resonated with me and I'm a pro-markets guy so there :) The Acton Institute is merely understanding of the worldly experiences and opinions Pope Francis has which color some of his statements in contemporary fashions which means there is every reason to disagree on certain points. 




 There is very little compassion in the way people conduct business, today. That is true. Nestle's water crimes and big oil's world-warping effects are extremes of scale - but not conscience. You can find the same cruelty of externalizing costs to society in every town and city. People think they are not responsible for the pollution and waste and poisoning of our physical and social space as they go about their jobs, but the people making decisions certainly are.

As a Catholic libertarian I want nothing more than to be able to tell people that limiting liability through a contract which relies on some government to stop responsibility passing onto the owners is ruining the market all the world over. Companies hide so much in beareaucracy and fed-propped national banks that there is no accountability and they are sucking up the money as fast as it can be printed. To quip: socialism for the rich. It works out quite well for them, though they enter into it actively, voluntarily, and with full control over the government - which is the only way it would work at any scale.

There is a philosophically classic view of humanity which defines morality and natural rights as they are described by the indeniable truths which relativism in all forms (not academically physical) strives to deny. [However, every time it tries to deny one truth it leans heavily on all the others.](https://youtu.be/Lgcd6jvsCFs) To act human is not to act rationally, but to attempt to do so through whatever haze of explanations life has given you. It is wonderful when a person stumbles through the haze to a path which leads them to objective morals and subjective material value because those are a [understanding rather than an explanation.](https://youtu.be/l_VYCqCexow)

My answer is basic, though leaves the implications not enumerated.

Corporatism is due to entrenched relativity of the responibility of property and employment contracts.  Consumerism is due to a lack of meaning and understanding in human lives. We can probably agree on the current situation, encapsulated in those two statements. 









 Yes? No? Statement wrong or incomplete? 




  Developers will take all of this in-house, realize it saves them a ton of money, and start rolling out buildings faster than ever,

Churning out projects much faster is a possibility, not an eventuality. 




 Strength training. Probably HIIT. Because she mentioned working out in the morning before eating, it could also be considered intermittent-fasting. 









 http://nextcity.org/daily/entry/pope-message-urban-planners-cities-encyclical 




 It sounds like a diet problem, honestly. What are your normal eating habits?

not the hair thinning, necessarily, but possibly. 




 See, I was thinking Blackbeard. 




 Only the Devil... 




 Certified Organic is known for not being the most natural. It is used by many people with more money than heart to buy into the Organic market without even having to stop spraying or paying their corporate sales reps. There is no reason Whole Foods' new program should be liable to simply stamp an OK on CO crops. Pay no rents, John Mackey, but why didn't you just start an independent certification business outright?

Here is the letter from CI: [PDF](http://cornucopia.org/Letter-to-John-Mackey-6-23-15.pdf)

Might very well be funded by people who don't like being called out on practices not as organic as they try to sell their crops or the companies that sell the chemicals and equipment. It is natural to complain about having to change practices to adhere to *another* set of standards - and CI is taking advantage of that to attach their less reasonable demands to.

It sounds like Whole Foods is trying to give their customers the ability to pay up front for what would otherwise be an economic externality on the farm side with this system. That isn't CO's goal. Maybe these farmers should drop the CO label and settle down with Reasonably Grown. 




 Cant be cheap. Any chance they'd go for a rocket mass heater? 




 Go back a couple weeks in the sub to see a few discussions about self-reliance versus self-sustaining. 









 If you know or could guess, how much wood do they go through per year? 




 It is, and just signed to set up office in Maryland near Aberdeen. 




 Sounds like an opportunity not a few moneied individuals will be looking at. 




 Never heard of that interesting solution! No, this was just an old country house. 




 Could be. My friend's family stayed in a house where the toiled flushed hot water. 




 Two days later I find my title has a typo. :( 




 Aaaaaaand [Now I'm thinking of this](https://youtu.be/IvmBRpiw1uA) 




 [The BMW will not](https://youtu.be/rF1vfMM3W08) 




 It doesn't take war, even. Homebuilding, shipbuilding, and fuel for fires (especially smelting) were huge consumers of wood. 




 Unless he has a really squeeky voice. 




 What do you think the easiest way to find salt-ruined land for reconstructive management is? I expect it is much reduced in value. 




 First Bond movie I ever saw. Dad kept the VHS tape on top of the refrigerator so that only the tall kid (me) could reach it.

So, of course, Sean Connery will always be Bond for me. 




 The Congress wrote King George a letter and never sent it?

Was that a little irregular to not explicitly create a copy for the monarchy to have? 




  August 25, 1814 in the early afternoon, a strong tornado struck northwest Washington and downtown. The severe  tornadic storm arrived the day that the British Troops had set fire to the Capitol, the White house and other public buildings. The storm's rains would douse those fires. The tornado did major structural damage to the residential section of the city. More British soldiers were killed by the tornado's flying debris than by the guns of the American resistance.  The tornado blew off roofs and carried them high up into the air, knocked down chimneys and fences and damaged numerous homes. Some homes were destroyed. It lifted two pieces of cannon and deposited them several yards away. At least 30 Americans were killed or injured in the heavily damaged buildings and an unknown number of British were killed and injured. (Lat./Long. = ...)

[NOAA D.C. Listing of Historical Tornadoes](http://www.erh.noaa.gov/er/lwx/Historic_Events/DC-tornado-events.htm) 




 Fill the empty frame with more gas and I wonder how far you could go (sans hills or with) 




 Republicans face sentiment that the tiers are arbitrary. 




 Hormones are already screwing up our drinking water and natural resources - making it available to the other half the world's population won't do more good things. 




 A great reason to not have frivolous sex. 




 Some trees, like cork, have a need to shed the bark. I'm sure the tree was not properly girdled. 




 Smoke keeps the bug at bay. But also is a leading cause of death in 3rd world countries, still. 




 That includes devlopers, too. 




 Probably got shorted on water rights. 




 Ugh. Big, clear pictures of people I dislike. 




 What is that large grate on the aft bottom of the island blister? 




 I've always been fond of the slab and bone pit mausoleum, but this is up there.  




 I wonder if there is a groupon. 









 What if it kept running and politicians did cameos. That would be insane. 




 To the perspective of the crew they would be flying upwards constantly... and then down if halfway through they began to reverse their acceleration. 




 How does it fly? 




 pretty sure there were coffee shop hipsters before anything else, but ok. 




 Second set has an orphanage and church with spring release nun and flickable missile dancers. 




 Not Brick Hikock?

Anyway, must be hard to cheat with such small sleeves... 




 [Just make sure he's out of character](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BabsgCQhpu4) 




 Having a supportive community is especially helpful. Consider your vocation going forward and ask yourself what God is telling you to do and what to be to yourself and others.

The euphoria of new love can mellow and become rich, don't confuse that change with an end because God is with us always. 




  ...the Federal Reserve expanded the money supply by more than 60 percent from mid-1921 to mid-1929. The flood of easy money drove interest rates down, pushed the stock market to dizzy heights, and gave birth to the Roaring Twenties.

http://fee.org/freeman/detail/33-the-great-depression-was-a-calamity-of-unfettered-capitalism

From the Clichs of Progressivism series. 




 Gains from increased productivity, or increased money printing? 




 What "breaking news" did they cut to? Anything to get Rand off the screen? 




 Popes are not always correct, have a staff that assist in writing these, and he turned away envoys from "climate deniers."

I should think a Catholic would enjoy finding the truth by asking both sides as long as they came in honesty. 




  Are you specifically asking about buying there or the situation of having enabled buying there through public action? 




 The argument is: they screwed everything up using them, so fixing it with exec orders can't be all bad.

But it probably is. 




 Are you specifically asking about buying there or the situation of having enabled buying there through public action? Because when we started that was not clear and I am just realizing there may be misunderstanding. Once the building is there, it is almost certainly worth it for individuals to shop there. But, on that tangent, it may be beneficial to move to a place where there probably isn't a WalMart due to the financial state of the place where they live, currently. 




 Not by sitting here and simply saying so, it takes going through the long term costs of infrastructure and tax returns and understanding the nature of people's perception of public spending. Read the blog post and you'll get it but I'm no wizard at this topic, just an enthusiast. 




 It isn't evidence, it is simply more eloquent and briefly put than I'm able and willing to provide with my level of understanding and thought on the topic. In three years I could break it down, I'm just not that good yet. 




 Can't win with sources, can't win without them. Maybe you're just hard to please. 




 He has hardened his campaign against military single-issue voters. 




 I'll hand you over to the resource I agree with.

[Strong Towns](http://www.strongtowns.org/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/strongtowns), [relevant blog post](http://www.strongtowns.org/journal/2015/3/29/the-density-question), [relevent short video playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pjOPdiCHBg list=PL4ZJBLI7Y9VoPMrJY2E9EGqx4VV_sSAsX index=1)

tl;dr: Suburban planning is inherently insolvent, maths prove it. 




 Well, a family of four won't be taxed under 50k. Might be 20k for individuals, and I think it read like *the first XXk won't be taxed*, not *under XXk pay no tax*. 




  It would eliminate the gift and estate taxes which only impacts the very largest estates.

Farming families get hit by this. Eliminating it helps stop the decline of family farms. 




 That is why his strategy is to play to the conservative and libertarian base. Playing to the other side of the aisle didn't work for Romney or McCain. 




 Here is the difference: I am not interested in "telling people what they want or what they want to do." I am interested in exposing the hidden costs and malinvestments that are common and costly. They only seem similar because of our experiences with people who do try to tell people how to live, who have to hide that intention in a veil of good intentions. 




 Because the benefit from that is more removed from their perception than buying from them. 




 [This is the project on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/albaydha)

I just found them through /r/permaculture, where we were talking about revitalizing entire watersheds through earthworks and plantings. [Check out the thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/Permaculture/comments/3a3a45/big_idea_how_to_revitalize_a_watershed/) - we listed a bunch of projects already. 




 Its his frikken plan lol 









 ah ha!

https://www.youtube.com/user/albaydha 




 Some people just have an irrational dislike of lawyers. Indicating lawyers will like something would get their attention. 




 Its just a soundbite for the press. Individuals will get similar tax relief when the full plan is outlined. 




 Kansas cut taxes without cutting spending, brah. 




 Cuts which he was proposing, anyway. 




 That spurs investment. As long as it is a good deal for lower incomes, as well, where is the pain? 




 Posting a list of *all* the tax credits that will be removed might take a few comments. 




 Maybe $20k. 




 Say this enough and people will vote for Rand. 




 Her lies don't either, if you value the messege itself in any way, that is. 




 I remember none of this. Guess it is time to watch again. 




 Need more keywords, please. I am getting videos of protests, love songs, and a wadi that looks flat but isn't. 




 Is there any good information on what has been done in Lebanon? The last bit of his documentary was about reaching out there, I think. 




 Precisely my thought.

Precisely why big spenders don't want that solution.

ninjedit: not that I want governance or think we'll get it, but that would be good governance. I would expect private city to embrace things like that. 




 As were the cedars of Lebanon. Now there are few copses. 




 We agree. You were berating op for simply having a human reaction. Or did I get that wrong? 









 OP is asking our opinion.

It is natural to want to shout out good news and tell everyone you see. 




 I've known this for years.

years...

elon pls 




