














 More than likely she was charged with a different crime and she took a plea to disorderly conduct as part of a plea. Disorderly conduct [(NY PL 240.20)](http://law.onecle.com/new-york/penal/PEN0240.20_240.20.html) is a violation, considered less than a crime in NY. It is a common practice in NYC for a plea to disorderly conduct to be made even though the facts do not establish the elements of the disorderly conduct offense. 




 Do you promise? 




 Under New York state law choosing the wrong apartment is not protected. If the screams were fabricated and the 911 call was for a different apartment than they had no reason to enter, the defendant had a constitutional right to slam the doors in their faces, and anything observed or recovered or statements made after they violated that constitutional right would be suppressed. A short Daily News article is far from reporting all the claims any side is making. I guarantee the arraignment alone had more facts than this article. But as I said above, "I await further information to determine if that is actually what happened though." 




 The point I was making was that if the police lied about the child being injured (which is still not settled) then I have no reason to believe they were telling the truth about hearing screams. It is also not clear if the 911 call was for that apartment. From the defense attorney's comments it appears the defense's claim is that the police went to the wrong apartment, dragged the woman out without reason or cause, and then created their story later to cover up their mistakes. As of now we do not have enough facts to determine the truth.

I'm well aware how often these issues come up. I practice criminal law. 




 That would only be true if the police's account of the situation is accurate. See my [reply](http://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/2cegez/nypd_officers_drag_naked_brooklyn_woman_from/cjf9gbr) below. 




 I admit I did misread the article to the extent that I thought the statement came from ACS and not the defense attorney. I agree if the situation occurred in the manner you describe: the police hear screaming and see a child with injuries that that would fit as an exigent circumstances. I await further information to determine if that is actually what happened though. Until then I will reserve judgment on all. 




 You are assuming that the cops were so nice and pleasant. Frankly, why should they give it a shot? Their rights exist for a reason. They did nothing to the officers and did not commit any crimes. Also, I have no reason to believe the officers behaved in a reasonable way to begin with. First, it appears that are willing to lie about the situation considering that ACS concluded that there were no injuries to the 12 year old as the police claimed. Second, based upon my own experiences in court rooms I know that under these circumstances the police are rarely courteous and/or helpful. Why should a civilian, within his or her rights, be more polite than the professionals paid to uphold the law? 




 Well the Supreme Court would disagree with you and so would much of the case law that followed after [Payton v. New York](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payton_v._New_York). In Payton the Court found that absent exigent circumstances the home cannot be entered without a warrant or without permission of the homeowner. Here, based upon the ACS statement (There were no injuries to the child as alleged in the complaint) and as of the facts now known it appears the 911 call was to a different apartment (the 911 call came from a different apartment on an upper floor  and cops went to Stewarts door by mistake). There is no mention of a warrant and there were no exigent circumstances therefore the door could be slammed in the officers' faces. 




 Because if you are not committing a crime and they do not have a warrant you have a constitutionally protected right to slam the door in their faces. 




 How many bills can it hold? 
























