 Cause I posted this video in the other merc thread yesterday 




 Here's an old thread from ar15.com in which Haley gives the specs of his rifle if you want to build a clone. http://www.ar15.com/forums/t_3_118/408500_.html 




 [there's a thing for that](https://youtu.be/jlpx4DMGzYI)

expensive though 




 this is probably the most historically inaccurate thing I've ever read on reddit 




 His importance extends far beyond the midnight ride. He rode from Boston to Philadelphia 18 times as a messenger for pre-revolutionary independence movement. 




 and then was captured by a british patrol 




 Yea, when my son brought my glock to school I NEVER got it back. Fucking straight up theft. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaJYlk4z5RQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1g-x9ncP8I

Some more videos of the same incident 




 I think it's a SMAW-D 




 Well I certainly hope you can be sterilized as soon as possible 




 giving you an elective procedure whenever you demand isn't their job 




 this is africa 




 mob violence in SA, there are differing accounts of where/why it happened 




 Not that hard, but getting hits on the first shots is difficult unless you have a very precise range estimate 




 T.I.A. NSFW http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4d1_1428675879 




 Hep C 




 Yea I'm curious. I wonder if they are ex Syrian Army. We were always told that the Iraqis were better with mortars than the afghans because they were from Saddam's army. I'm also curious why they are trigger firing...concerns about ammo/tube quality? I dunno, maybe that model doesn't have a drop fire option. 




 Not bad, I wonder how many shots they took to make those hits. 




 fuck, you can still smoke at a certain bar in cambridge 




 They should sell it at CVS with uniform dosages. No amount of law enforcement, or for that matter, treatment and and counseling is going to keep some people from wanting to get high. 




 what about foreigners and students? 




 "Lots of tech" It seems like it would be a big hassle. Like, are they going to want property records, capital gains, assets held in trust? Can they even compel someone to hand over that kind info over a parking ticket? What about foreign assets?  




 Is this really so much of a problem? This sounds a lot like the liberal version of drug-testing people on welfare. 




 for real though: Summer, Marissa, or Ms. Cooper? 




 thanks grammerbot! 




 89% of the politburo were engineers.....worked out GREAT 




 Well the guy has made millions selling other people what they want to hear "all your failures are on someone else." The guy is actually a great capitalist. 




 Saying "such and such strong" has been around for a while ie the Army since the mid 2000's and Vermont since Irene. Boston doesn't get a monopoly on stupid catchphrases. Sorry, no fucks given. 




 why? 




 Sounds like it's preparing them for the real world 




 This video is such a classic, it never really went viral for some reason 




 that's racist 




 there has been a TON of this going on over the last few days, i dunno if it's bots or a new upvote whoring thing or what 




 This is why we need an independent federal agency tasked solely with investigating and prosecuting law enforcement officials for misconduct. They could be recruited from the law schools, accounting programs, and military counter-intelligence. No one who had ever worked as a law enforcement officer would be eligible, and no former agents would ever be allowed to work in law enforcement. They would have jurisdiction over ALL law enforcement agencies and would themselves only be subject to investigation by the FBI. All lethal use of force by law enforcement would be automatically be investigated by this agency. Most agents would be located in regional offices and no agent would be allowed to remain in any office for more than four years. All of their cases would be tried in federal court and a new crime of "lying in the course of law enforcement activities" would carry a mandatory minimum ten year sentence. 




 RIP Spc. Dawson 




 I'm pretty confident that that Tsarnaev kid was a bomber 




 How do rehabilitate someone that rapes and murders kids?  









 If only there was a government program that paid you to go to school 




 of course, the terrorists truly "won" that day 




 Less time, because the dude would have found the kid in his back yard instead of being stuck inside all day 




 Of course, they face consequences for their actions.  




 Everything's relative 




 Thank you 




 I thought everyone cowering in their homes because of one kid on the loose was pretty pathetic. It was nice getting the day off work. I went out to brunch and spent the day jogging. 




 what percentage of american charity is "save johnny from leukemia?" 




 Dirty 'murican here. A Swedish friend of mine once said to me, "The Norwegians are a bunch of stuck-up jerks and the Finns are just stupid rednecks." I've heard plenty of American stereotypes about Europeans and plenty of European stereotypes about Americans. What do you guys say about each other? 




 That is firearms per capita (ie. total firearms divided by number of people) I was reporting over 40% ownership rate (ie people actually own a firearm) The per capita rate in Iowa is likely significantly higher than 1.0. The homicide rate in Iowa was 1.4 in 2013. My point is that it is perfectly possible to live in a largely peaceful society with tons of guns. If you have a large number of assholes it doesn't matter what the rules are. For instance, Lithuania has a very low rate of gun ownership and a higher homicide rate than the US. I prefer to live in a society where my rights are not dictated by the lowest common denominator. 




 It also has a lower rate than Belgium and Finland for example. I don't know what rape has to do with this conversion, but Sweden has twice the rape-rate of the US and far more restricted firearms.  




 hell if you discount black people the US homicide rate comes down to near European levels. 




 Meanwhile, Iowa has a lower homicide rate than many European countries, almost no gun laws, and a firearm ownership rate over 40%. Hint...the problem isn't the guns. 




 bloomberg is a dick for many reasons 




 why wasn't he expelled? 




 inferiority complex 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUltheRpJNw

This is like five years old, but if you haven't seen it, it really is the best of Cage. 




 'NGLEND! 




 Hah, thanks. I wasn't in the truck, I was sleeping a few hundred yards away. Talk about a rude awakening. 




 The Pashto have been like that for a long time, way before the Russians. That said, having spent considerable time in Helmand Province, it is a beautiful place. I always thought we should forget about trying to install a government and just colonize the place. Give soldiers who stay there 1000 acres each and a few wives. It would be Texas in 50 years. 




 of course you would, easy peasy, for example see north america 




 The one person I know who went there was also a nutty girl that dropped out after losing her shit. Must be something in the water. 




 http://i.imgur.com/cxwwQ7c.jpg

That's my buddy sitting in the turret. No one in that truck had a scratch on them.

happened here: https://goo.gl/maps/dq5fX 




 they should pay teens 100 bucks a year to get a implanon, 10K to get a tubal ligation 




 that's what happens when you don't have a strong NCO corps 




 I found that guy! 




 The first couple looked pretty bad but I wouldn't assume everyone was killed. MRAPs/MATVs are fucking tough, during my deployment we had something like 100 vehicles hit by IEDs. Not a single death or amputation. Probably some TBIs but nothing that left anyone unable to function. All of our fatalities/amputations were guys on foot. 




 if they want people to continue lending them money 




 cars make suburban cities perfectly viable, it's almost as if certain modes of transportation are suited to certain lifestyles 




 maybe sometimes, I have extremely close access to public transportation and I still drive. 




 If I were you I would live in Worcester. Much cheaper and the commute would be way less horrible. 




 just think, they probably fucked your grandma! 




 This is actually a very legitimate tactic. The cop in question was the guy that likely actually made hits on Tamerlin and the department firearms instructor. Probably the most competent guy there. https://youtu.be/x28X4FK8Hkk?t=253 




 "highly trained"

lots of law enforcement firearms training consists of shooting at static targets - good for developing basic marksmanship but not much else, and simunition training. Simunition training is basically paintballs fired by gunpowder. Unfortunately this type of very valuable training often becomes more of a game than anything else. Training with sims  shouldn't be fun. We did a bunch in the Marines and it always sucked. Getting shot wasn't "awe darn you got me," it meant lying facedown in the road for a few yours or your fire-team dragging/carrying your ass a mile or two the the LZ for the medevac. 




 you really told 'em! 




 That's one way to bust the glass ceiling 




 *vomits furiously 




 right next to old fezzipoop ale 




 I'm triggered by your ableist slur, guess they didn't have a debate team in the dumpster 




 good thing your opinion doesn't matter 




 nope, but if you try to take the trash and put it in a nice recycling facility the dumpster will flip a shit. Wouldn't it be nice if there was a way to keep dumpsters from filling up with garbage? 




 "Good" -Eugene Sledge 




 idiotic

-typical

except she's already elected, she didn't need to help marry anyone
 




 You said convenient and necessary, which clearly it was to get him elected. He lied about his opinion to help him politically, just like Polito. Don't change the subject, besides those efforts you cite happened AFTER he was elected. Im sorry your partisan blinders are so tight that you're upset that a Republican is supporting same sex marriage.  




 Obama was against it when he was running for president in 2008 and only 40% of Americans supported it. Be became for it in 2012 when he was running for election and 51% of Americans supported it. Same shit, different party. 




 This is part of the reason stitches cost so much. It's called stealing. 




 http://www.goarmy.com/ 




 wow, you're really helping your argument! Maybe I've been wrong all along!! Don't worry, I don't think you should be allowed to own guns. 




 Did a gun touch your pee-pee? 




 depends on who the patient is, the majority of people I see in the ER are being paid for by tax dollars 




 Like Saddam, right? 




 "Five years after the Arab Spring: Middle East engulfed by war" 




 So when are they gonna build a homeland for christians in the middle east? Anyone got ideas for locations? Maybe the Syrian coast?  




 yea, sure worked out well for Haiti 




 "jamming problem" I'm gonna guess you've never carried an M4 professionally  




 man, butthurt germans can't admit their gun sucks. Go with the 416 like your SF if you want to buy domestic, it even uses the same gas system. Or could've stuck with the g3, THAT was a nice german piece. 




 just buy m4's and be done with it 




 and that's why their great-great-grandchildren will also be living in poverty 




 It should be a death penalty offense for a police officer to lie on duty. 




 I dunno, the one liver doner I know said it was much, much more painful than childbirth 




 then get licking, I just trimmed  




 Well gosh, if justice needs to be done anyone who has lived in the US for decades after coming from a war-torn third world shit-hole really should be investigated. Who cares about the cost. Really any immigrants from Africa, Korea, Vietnam, Eastern Europe, the Caribbean, the Middle East, and South America should be investigated. Or we could pay for things that actually matter in America. No one gave enough of shit to do anything in Rwanda 20 years ago, why should we care now? 




 it would be pretty funny to watch epic asskicking that would commence if they ever came to blows 




 Only 6 or 7 blocks from where those hippies blew themselves up in the 70's 




 Seems like justification to cut the DHS budget right there 









