 1st world problems.  




 Bernie Sanders. His voting record is enough proof that he's the best choice.  




 Rock Band has jokes.  














 90% of the time my phones on silent. I only turn the ringer on when I'm expecting a phone call.  




 Burn out paradise, or Need For Speed Hot Pursuit 




 I always wanted to be a gangster.  




 The soda machine is out of diet so I had to get regular Pepsi.  




 A big step towards clean energy.  




 New Jersey Turnpike. A bar rag rung out into a shot glass.  









 Just like Jimmy and Timmy on south park.  









 Less reasons for war.  



















 I found a video from another reddit user https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=35 v=QDzQ2OmDoBY -here's the reddit thread https://m.reddit.com/r/nostalgia/comments/2yeqrh/gelooze_gelatin_drink_similar_to_squeezeits/ 




 Already back tracking, not surprising.  




 Electricity.  









 Xbox one Halo 









 The current inmate population is 60.  









 Look at all this sand 




 You could play the stock market off of online pranks.  




 New military job "Space Shuttle Door Gunner" 




 A democrat will win just because of all the infighting between the republican party.  



















 The Field of Lost Shoes 




 Buying things for my job . 




 Yes 




 The stoplight turned green.  




 I have met older people with the name bud who are pretty awesome, younger people not so much. Must be a generation gap.  




 Hard work and dedication 




 Mouth breathers 




 Opera glasses 




 Underwear 




 And some people are still single.  




 There's a sight where you can monitor cameras on the border and report anyone crossing to border patrol.  
























 My back hurts thinking about this.  




 New on the travel channel "Eating with Darwin" 









 Probably got one of those "your account has reached 75% data usage" messages. I guess they annoy everyone.  




 I just answer their question. I wouldn't consider those questions to be put on the spot questions. If I don't want to sit around and talk usually I give them an insane answer though.  




 Lighting Rod Reg from "The Great Outdoors" https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OGR6Wk3Kboo 




 Sex 
























 Grass seed 




 Dragon Ball season 1 




 He survived the fall only to die because of mud. Almost made it.  




 I usually don't pay attention to usernames.  




 A Streetcar Named Desire 



















 "How does this dress look honey?" 
"Hideous" 









 Yep 














 Mormons 




 "Don't just lay there and take it like a dead fish" 









 Sounds like the plot to a movie.  
























 Imagine the devastation if he wanted french fries.  




 Damn....as I type this on my Galaxy 




 Toilet paper 




 I'll try it next time I drive, see how it works in America.  









 Achilles in Vietnam. http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6069.Achilles_in_Vietnam 




 For the average person it takes 15 to 20 minutes to fall asleep.  




 Ask the paper clip 




 Went to college instead of joining the army.  




 Every click equals a pop up ad. 




 Join the army 




 The bad boy of the classics.  
























 Tobacco 




 During a car crash.  




 You'd buy it at a high price? 




 I picked the wrong career 














 I'm hungry now.  




 They have a media wing? Some jihadist is trying to fight and they say "hey sorry, you're going to make some videos instead". 




 This isn't news.  
























 Sock wrinkles 




 I need a doughnut now.  




 I think of a skate board.  




 House of Cards theme song.  




 The first time android has let me down.  




 Usually I go for historical dramas. Netflix usually hooks me up with good one's on the "top picks" tab.  




 I'm just going to quit work.  




 Phone cords.  




 Pepsi 









 You could do a real game of World of Tanks there.  




 True, that probably dropped the stock prices down.  









 The Toyota war, I wonder if that was good or bad advertisement.  




 They probably dress for comfort and not style.  




 I believe it was Misery 




 Baja blast, Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew voltage, Mountain Dew code red, water.  





























 This looks slightly suspicious.  




 I love the smell of short shorts in the morning.  
























 Donnie Darko walking into the school.  




 Sock gnomes.  




 Mexico, cartels are running  rampid, vigilantes making their own law and order, the government is kidnapping students. Some people down there go to the cartel for help because they trust them more than the government.  




 I reposted the same question over and over again.  




 Of all those I'll probably only play Fallout 4.  




 The link didn't work.  




 Like this? http://aelida.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/Long-and-straight-hair-with-bangs.jpg 




 I like when their bangs are cut with the sides long, I've also been into short hair recently( as long as it isn't buzzed). I hate pony tails absolutely loathe them.  I also hate the long hair with that random shaved part on the side of the head.  




 An AMF, http://m.drinksmixer.com/drink735.html 




 Cuckold fetish maybe? 




 They way women have their hair styled or cut.  




 We need to bring this fashion trend back. 




 I'm watching the TV series right now.  
























 Her father did some traveling.  




 Who are the people that vote in these polls?  














 We've came along way.  




 Achilles in Vietnam 




 Fathers day isn't until the 22st.  




 Like the white girl rapper version of Bill Cosby 




 Leonardo DiCaprio 









 "They said no on the divorce so I told the mechanic no on the break line repair" 




 Law and Order has been misleading America for years.  




 /u/MadameTool 




 "How is your drink, oh by the way do you like roofies?" 




 His name decided the verdict 




 Inhale oxygen exhale carbon dioxide.  




 I'd say the most shocking was North Korea. I didn't even know they allowed modern movies there. 




 Smell my socks after taking them off.  




