 I think that's Black Rock Shooter but I may be wrong. 




 It goes pretty fast and it's a bit confusing at times. 




 I'm not trying to say the Tatami Galaxy is a bad anime but after watching the first few minutes I could hardly stomach the animation and the dialouge. What did you guys find enjoyable in the Tatami Galaxy? 




 Paranoia Agent and Perfect Blue were both made by Satoshi Kon who's pretty well known for his psychological thrillers. 




 Welcome to the NHK! 




 Try Welcome to the NHK! It's a very unique anime as it's a mixture of a lot of different genres. It has dark comedy with romance but it's also pretty psychological. I think you will like it if you're into a darker yet comedic kind of anime.


Another anime I highly recommend is Higurashi no Naku Koro ni. I see you've seen Another and Mirai Nikki so I have a feeling you might like Higurashi.  




 Welcome to the NHK 




 I've seen Rainbow Nisha a year ago and I agree that it was a great anime. I can see the similarities it shares with TTGL but the difference is TTGL has more of a lasting impression. That doesn't mean Rainbow Nisha is a bad anime, it's just the over the top scenes in TTGL is hard to forget. Same reason why Kill la Kill still sticks in my mind to this day. 




 Welcome to the NHK!! 




 Welcome to the NHK! 




 Hey guys. This might be buried but for any of you guys who are going through some tough stressful times, I highly recommend Welcome to the NHK. Its an extremely heartfelt and beautiful story that anyone can enjoy. No anime has made me laugh and cry as many times as this series has!! 




 Yes but its not completely updated 




 I've actually seen all of them! 




 Now that I'm done watching Welcome to the NHK, I can't help but feel a bit empty. This anime is definitely one of my favorites!! Do you have any recommendations for shows like this? 




 I just finished watching the show last night and the ending was extremely touching. I knew Misaki had her own problems but I felt the whole therapy session with Sato was more of her trying to help herself. In a way Misaki needed Sato more than he needed her. Other than that, I felt Misaki was an incredibly strong female character. She was able to surpress her own problems while at the same time try to help Sato with his issues. My heart literally sank when she gave Sato the contract, pledging that Sato will be there for her at all times, and Sato refused. I know if I was Sato, I would've accepted and signed the contract but logically Sato did the right thing. He knew that he was in no position or condition to help Misaki so he didn't agree to it. In a way, Welcome to the NHK was a beautiful anime and it really does remind you about important life lessons. When it comes down to the end of the day, only you can solve your own problems. 




 No problem! I'm actually going through some troubling and stressful times right now as well and watching Welcome to the NHK has definitely helped me although I can't help but to feel depressed knowing that I'm almost done with this series. 




 I started watching the series 2 days ago and I'm almost done. I can already feel the depression sinking in. I DONT WANT THE SERIES TO END!! I love every single character especially Misaki! 




 Yess!! Elfen Lied was another big one that also left me depressed for a few weeks. 




 It could be any anime, no matter what genre it is. For me, it has to be Higurashi no Naku Koro ni however I think it'll change after I'm done watching Welcome to the NHK. 




 Yesss!! I started watching this series 2 days ago and now I'm almost done with it. Before I started it, I thought it was going to be just another comedy/slice of life/romance anime but I quickly found out it was much more than that. No anime has ever made me laugh and cry this many times. 




 Welcome to the NHK. I started about 2 days ago and now I'm almost done with the whole series. It truly is a great anime series and it really hits close to home.  









 Lauren Aquilina - King 




 I died watching anime or more specifically Welcome to the NHK. No regrets :D 




 Glad you like it! EDM is actually a pretty big genre itself. In it there is subgenres like Progressive House, Dubstep, Trance, etc.
If you really liked Sad Machine you should try out some of Porter Robinson's other songs: Lionhearted, Divinity, Years of War. I'm trying to think of other artists like him but I'm kind of drawing a blank at the moment. 




 I like pretty much all genres but my favorite genre is EDM. 

You should try Porter Robinson - [Sad Machine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIDqt2aUek) 









 Jeremy! 




 The fight between Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann against the Anti-Spirals in the last episode. I have never seen a fight so over the top yet so epic.  




 I regret not working hard enough. I'm going to be a senior next year in high school and looking back I haven't been that amazing of a student. Even though a lot of my classmates think I'm smart because I get slightly above average grades that doesn't mean I'm a hardworker. In reality, I procrastinate everything til the last minute and spend most of my time aimlessly on the internet.  




 A dead mother brain fucker! 









 [Libera Me From Hell - Gurren Lagann](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykSZXQNIUKg) 




 That was the most beautiful and useful advice anyone has given to me in my life. 









 If you were to play any other role besides ADC what role would you choose. Also, what's your favorite top, mid, adc, jungle, and adc champ? 




 Your Soul? Ouch. 




 how?
 









 /r/incest 




 It took me a while to understand it too but if you look up what a Turing test is, it will make a lot more sense. Basically, a Turing Test is a test that measures a machine's ability to exhibit intelligent behavior equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a human. So, if a machine is able to pass it would mean they're capable of human intelligence and thought. But at the same time, if they're capable of human intelligence then they would also know the consequences of passing the test therefore, they would purposely fail it to prevent us humans from discovering their intelligence. 

TLDR: your computer is actually just as smart as you, it just doesn't want you to find out. 




 eat 




 The feeling of loneliness and drifting away from your friends. 




 Thanks man! That's still my goal today! 




 I'd be a ultra cool shinobi who can use shadow clone jutsu. 









 Am I the only one who doesn't know any of these songs? 




 ketsu wo taberu 




 More days in a month. More months in a year. More years in your life? 




 Reminds me of Ekko from League of Legends 









 Eugene 




 k 




 can someone please tell me what it seriously is though. I'm too scared to click 




 In elementary or middle school. It always sucks when you would work your ass off for a good grade on a test when someone you knew who barely studied or did any work in class somehow earned a better grade than you. It gets even worse in high school as the competitiveness increases by tenfold. I practiced and went to several SAT classes and I could barely muster a 1890. A classmate of mine didn't even prepare for the test and earned a 2070 on his first try. This just goes to show that hard work doesn't always pay off. 




 "ur gay" 




