 Agree with the others about being able to live in almost any neighborhood for that amount. I would also look at East Village if you're looking for close to downtown. It's the neighborhood where Petco Park is.

Light rail is OK but not great. I know a guy at work who commutes every day from La Jolla into Mission Valley and he likes it. But it requires him taking a bus then the trolley. But if you live along the line it's OK.

I wouldn't necessarily look at Gaslamp just because it's so noisy and touristy but it's perfectly safe. I lived in Little Italy and East Village and both neighborhoods were nice. 

North Park is nice and is really hip. A different vibe completely than Gaslamp or Little Italy.

Traffic is nothing here. If you want to see traffic go to L.A. Although traffic along the 805 is pretty tight. But you're not looking to move down to the south bay or Chula Vista. I commuted from the downtown area for years and traffic was never really an issue.

I've been here 10 years now and I'm trying to think of what I wish I knew before I moved here. The only thing I would have done differently is spent a bit more time exploring other neighborhoods. I moved into Little Italy and pretty much stayed in that area for a while but I wish I had done more exploring.  




 It matters when you're trying to keep your 7 year old from learning the F bomb.

There's no need for profanity and it just shows ignorance on the part of the rider. And do we really think that we are going to change anyone's behavior by wearing that? 




 I love your website and use it to show the danger of creating correlations and assigning causality. Glad to see that you published something!

Congrats.
 




 I've lived in east village and liked it. The games didn't get that annoying as you don't need to be out when they are happening. Plus part of the charm of the area is being around people.

Comic con is way more annoying than the games from a pure crowd standpoint. 




 It would be interesting to see what happens if they tried the same search in multiple cities in each state.  




 There's a link to the data used for the graphic in the article. 









 Not what I was expecting. 




 Block Periodization by Vladimir Issurin
Science and Practice of Strength Training by Vladimir Zatsiorsky

Both are solid books about the science of strength training. Well worth the read. 




 What are your goals? Do you have a program or are you winging it?  




 Maybe it's because I live in California but that situation doesn't spook me at all. We pass cars like that all the time here. I think I saw the recommendation for just accelerating out of that and that's what I would have done too. 

No point getting aggravated over situations like that. Just hit the gas and be on your way. 




 This one definitely made me say "WTF". There's an american version too though although the man is not the center of attention. 









 So you've got no choice but to accept? Should the first choice say "regretfully decline"? 




