









 no lets neither have laws mandating(jim crowe) nor preventing('civil rights' act) discrimination... heres a radical idea... give ppl the individual freedom of choice to decide for themselves who they wish to interact with... yeah i know CRAZZZyyyy.

People have the right to do what ever they want so long as they do not interfere with anothers rights... you have NO RIGHT to a job.... you have NO RIGHT to use force of government to MAKE ME, under threat of expropriation or arrest to provide you with a service in a certain way...  thats called EXTORTION actually.... you have NO RIGHT to utilize MY PROPERTY in a manner not consistent with MY own preferences... for godsakes go find another cakemaker and leave me the hell alone... 

Jim crow and civil rights took the nation from one extreme to the other.... both using violence of government to force certain peoples preferences on everybody else... no, we want to be free to choose for ourselves who we associate and interact with in society... how can anyone with a straight face even argue against this? 

Like i said if you dont believe in property rights or that individuals have the right to freely choose whom to associate with.... ill be at your house in 10 min with all my drunken friends and we will leave when we want to... 




 right.. cause the most logical thing to do is use government to FORCE racists and bigots hire and serve people they hate... lol another ELS FAIL and a basic misunderstanding of the individual right of free association... unless you are bisexual, you discriminate against half the human race... get a grip... we have individual preference... you dont discriminate or respect property rights? ok good, me and all my drunken irish friends will be at your house at 8:00 tonight... and we will leave when we want lol

[Dr. Walter Williams schools you on discrimination](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKgHc6bWqZ4) 




 LMAO... you're horrible... lol 




 another free association fail... when will someone come along and talk about the right to discriminate on tv? Say what you want about David Duke, but hes not a bit afraid to stand up for the individual and natural right to discriminate... and on a national platform... 




 [Funny Cruz spoof campaign video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xQzRvc2AoE)

[Ted Cruz Discusses Wife and Council on Foreign Relations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiFKtC6a9do) 




