 Great question! i have a few theories

I think a big factor is that homeless people sort of ask for money. This makes us feel uncomfortable as we get more or less forced into the idea of giving the money. When a homeless person asks you for money.
On the other hand when we donate money to a celeb we feel less forced in to it. You created that idea yourself and that makes for a stronger desicion to actually go trough with the action.

A Second possible explanation could be that when you see your favourite celebrity you feel happy and you are inclined to show that you like them and donate to their lives. A homeless person doesn't look happy and doesn't give us the same happiness. We are more generous when we are happy (or less when we are not) thus you are less inclined to give away your money. 

Last but not least, a celebrity we tend to donate to most of the time creates a "free" product / enternainment. So when we donate to them we tend to feel like we get worth for our money. When giving money to a homeless person we can only guess what happens with the money. And because of our prejudices about homeless people our guesses aren't that positive, hence we again feel less inclined to support to that cause.

**TL;DR its all about how it makes us feel** 




 I'm not trying to be rude but that's some pretty shitty expression of love. 




 If that had a build in speaker with the soundtrack playing i would be swinging that allll day. 




 From the Awolnation song Kill your heroes: "never let your fear decide your faith"

New stuff can be pretty scary but take the jump. Look at the positive side of things and don't get scared of by the negative/unknown.  









 TL;DR: Don't Panic 




 Finally found the source of [this gif](http://i.minus.com/ibuyoHSHzzGC3G.gif) 




 "Fear cuts deeper than swords" 




 Prince at Sziget 2011 (or 2012 im not sure). Im not a prince fan, but that show was so amazingly thight, professionally played. But the best point was it didn't feel like that because of the really fun, natural interaction he had with the crowd. Allround amazing performance.

Second best was The Naked And Famous this year. Sounds even better live than their records. 




 The speed trap is actually on the top of radillion. So that explains why RIC has the top speed (OP Redbull earo) and the top speed is "only" 309km/h. At the end of kemmel straight they go around 335 km/h 




 Meedoen is belangrijker dan winnen! 




 Targeting about 1h 45m. I'm used to that pace (about 5min/km) on 10+km runs now but i haven't had a practice run on full distance yet. We will see! But just completing the run will be satisfactory for me :) 




 Hey im running the 1/2 marathon too this year, first ever race. What is your target time? 




 Post it to /r/photoshopbattles they know what to do 




 [The Williams fw19](http://stolentshirts.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/f1-1997-sanmarino-villeneuve-williams-fw19-renault.jpg). Jacques Villeneuve's 1997 car. I grew up as a villeneuve fan, so this is pure f1-nostalgia for me 




 Maldonado and gutierrez make contact/send the other one flying 




 It would be awesome if he recieves cards from all over te world! I'm sending him one from The Netherlands. 




