 Is that modded in? I don't remember that line. 




 Any chance of one specific to the American South? 




 Without Kojima around, I doubt Konami will be able to make another proper Metal Gear. 




 I thought for sure Bayonetta 1 and 2 were making them some money. 




 So is there a meet up happening today? If so, where and when? 




 Something something neurodiversity! /s 









 Thank you. Thank you so much. 




 Neither do the Germans. Hell, these days I'd back the Polish army over theirs. 




 I now really want to see art of Spongebob Hankhill. Or Hankbob Squarehill. Whatever. 




 Sounds like an excuse for more totalitarian "security" measures, if you ask me. 




 That sure would be neat. 




 It would also explain why they have it in their heads to dip people and seem to be able to throw together a semi-organized raiding party despite having the IQ of a damp sandwich. It's all half remembered orders from the smarties. 




 Literally everybody on air is asleep. People in the background? Head desk. Anchors? Slumped. Morning show hosts? Couch nappin'. Even the announcers are replaced with snores. 




 Maybe there was a schism in the mutie ranks at some point. I mean, Vault 87 looks to have been the scene of a fair deal of fighting and FEV is spewed about all over the place. Maybe some smarter muties arose and used centaurs to ferry some quantity of FEV out into the world.  




 NEED. MORE. GREEN STUFF! 




 You've got some pretty good LPs, there. Subbed and liking. 




 Looking at their complexion, I'd imagine we're going to be dealing Vault 87 mutants again. Wonder what brought them out to Boston? Has DC been utterly depopulated? It seemed to be on the mend when we left it. 




 I'm glad you enjoyed it! I really wonder how they're going to fit into the story. 




 The only real explanation I've seen on here. Well done. 




 And how exactly is Moscow telling Kishinev what to do? You seem to be of the opinion that it should federate, which the vastly weakened Russian caucus would be against. I doubt, however, that a decision made in Moscow would have any bearing on letting Transnistria go entirely.  




 If I had bought and paid for the building, sure. However, this isn't a fair comparison. It sounds to me sort of like the "stranger in the house" argument in American politics regarding illegal immigration. You can't reduce demographic and independence problems down to an individual level like that and expect it to hold the same meaning. 




 No, no. I was never talking about reintegrating Transnistria. I think Kishinev should let it be independent.  




 Sure, much like the DPR and LPR. But I thought the Alliance for Euro Integration was pretty huge in Moldova right now and the Russian lobby was failing. 




 Sure, but Moscow isn't calling the shots in Tiraspol directly. Besides, Kishinev could just renounce its claim to Transnistria and pursue membership in NATO and the EU without issue since its territory would be uncontested then. 




 I don't get it. If Transnistria has been so adamant about wanting to leave Moldova that they've been running themselves since the Soviet Union fell, why doesn't Kishinev just let them leave? There comes a time when trying to reclaim secessionist regions becomes pig headed and pointless. 




 Celebrity deaths rarely affect me, but I'll make an exception this time. Guy was an absolutely amazing person. 




 Sfine. I appreciate the sentiment all the same. 




 They can, they'd just look like giant hypocrites if they did. OH WAIT 




 Tons of people are doing just that. Voat, among others, will grow larger. By alienating its subscriber base, reddit is really shooting itself in the foot. 




 Default mod, here. Do you intend on banning SRS, /u/ekjp? 




 And as usual, you won't see the admins say shit about banning SRS.  




 Perhaps even he, with his vast wealth, lacked the ability to protect the entirety of the US. Perhaps he knew that tipping his hand would cause a run on Vegas. Perhaps he could only save Vegas and was forced to let the rest of the nation burn. This is all speculation, however. 




 The House always wins. 




 Where we're going, we won't need blogs to spout inane opinions. 




 I don't know, I've been to Berkeley. Plenty of homeless in the Bay. 




 "Oh death... Oh deeeaaath! Won't you spare me over til another day?" 




 And now you shall notice it everywhere. 




 Good idea. Will do! 




 This firearm is very special to me, and I thought I'd share it with the world. It's not the rarest weapon around, but I love it dearly. 




 /r/keming  




 Isn't it, though? 




 Where do Chaos Space Marines come from? Today on Dirty Jobs, we're going to find out! Join us as we venture to Khalan-Gol, to the pit of the [Daemonculabae!](http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Daemonculaba) 




 Aren't all of the fossil fuels supposed to be gone by then, anyway? 




 We probably would have seen Ernst Tallmann being more successful with the German Communists. The 30s and 40s would then have seen a German-Soviet alliance that would have been quite interesting to observe. 




 Good on you. 




 See to it that it's never repaired. Things like that tell a story, and history should always be preserved. 




 I had just poured some coffee there and it dried. Proooooobably should have wiped it down, actually. 




 Here you go

https://youtu.be/DOGhCwSlx10 




 Oh wow, the man himself watched my video. My local discount shop has tons more stuff like this. I'll have to send some of it along. 




 Many piles of thanks! 




 Not a bad choice, and Sig do have a US based subsidiary, which is requisite for defense contracts IIRC. 




 I'd love to see that, especially given how fun they were in New Vegas, but somehow I don't see Bethesda doing that. Maybe they'd come up with a stealth variant of Vault 87 mutants, but given Bethsoft's reticence to delve too deep into Interplay/Black Isle's lore... 




 My money is on Vault 87 muties. Bethesda seems to stick to their own lore and I don't see them coming up with a new origin for mutants unless it's a huge part of the story - something that would feature in the trailer. That's my two cents, anyway. 




 How is nobody talking about the fact that screenshot five is obviously about supermutants? 




 I'd scrap the M9 entirely, to be honest. A polymer framed, striker fired .45 would be the best bet. Probably a 9mm due to NATO requirements. Give it to Glock USA or maybe Smith and Wesson. Maybe.  




 That seems to be the consensus. The disagreement is which bloated contractor should the Pentagon pick to produce the gas piston M4 successor.  




 Guy has an American flag, comrade. He believes he can any honor he wants.  




 Foreign number three! 




 Battlestar Galactica 




 Sounds good to me, then. 




 That's near the table top game store, isn't it? I'd be on board for that. 




 Sheesh. More like /r/shittyvexillology. This is Liberia tier.  




 Beautiful. An artistic tour de force. 




 I never found the concept of race based privilege to make complete sense. If being white gives you all of these advantages, why is rural Appalachia still so poorly off? Why are whites so often passed over for promotions in the world of business?  




 I'm something of a gun guy, and I find it incredible that we spend so much money on these competitions just to eventually settle up on basically unchanged M16 family rifles. Oh, and don't even get me started on how much of a clusterfuck the M9 replacement is being. 




 We could have sent every college student since '96 to school with that money, I'd bet. 




 Hey, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Fantastic firearm, isn't it? I can't imagine anything I'd love to carry more than mine.  




 Seems rather demoralizing to actually list trains as destroyed, don't you think? 




 It's certainly good enough for here. Fine rifle, even if black plastic on a slav gun isn't how I'd do things. 




 Just like how they ground up, distilled, and drank Boris Yeltsin.  




 Thanks! I'm really glad you liked it.  




 I consider myself an amateur with this stuff, so I can't speak to it as well as I'd like; but I'd consider acid weed's stronger older brother with more world experience and also he's probably been to other countries or something. As introspective and thought provoking as weed can be, it's also much more mellow (in my experience) and less powerful than acid. You can function, to an extent, after a joint. Acid, meanwhile, sort of forces you to sit back and observe and think. It's very powerful that way. You're really forced to take note of the trip and experience everything that's going on. It's definitely not to be taken lightly, but it's much more "magical." 




 It really forces you to appreciate what a powerful and profound force neurochemistry is. Not a lot of people fully appreciate that, seeing as how very few people read about it and consider the various chemical compounds swirling around in our skulls. On a deeper level, it makes you consider the very essence of consciousness - that such a small dosage of a tasteless, odorless chemical can so drastically alter your perception. Years on, I still find myself returning to that first trip and considering it. It's something I'd recommend everybody (barring certain people with genetic histories of mental illness or of weak constitution) experience if for nothing else than the shift of perception it gives you.  




 Did you see that huge flying city at the American pavilion? Columbia, I think it was called. Pretty neat. Shame we don't know what happened to it. 




 The first time I ever tried acid was on a fluke. A friend of a friend had some and we found ourselves each with a hit of it. Nothing seemed to happen for the longest time after I put it in my mouth. I thought I'd been duped. But then, slowly, a sort of creeping magic overtook the surface of everything I looked at. Time and proportion seemed to fall away, or at least become less important. Insight and inspiration were behind every dust mote, and everything seemed to be either profound or hilarious. It was a wonderful experience and I consider myself fortunate to have had it.

EDIT: If you're going to try acid for the first time, the environment you're in and the people you're with are key to having a good trip. I was with my girlfriend (who I love dearly) in a clean room with Futurama on the TV. This is just about as good a setup as you can get. In retrospect, I'd have put some more interesting patterns on the wall to enjoy or some more fresh fruit on hand (it makes fruit taste AMAZING) but the point here is that [set and setting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_and_setting) are absolutely key here. 




 I think when they readopted the Byelorussian SSR's flag, they went back and changed the meaning of it so they could keep the Soviet nostalgia of it without actually being, erm, Soviet. 




 It lacks the same impact. When I hold a letter, I think of the time someone sent writing it, mailing it, and waiting for a reply. That, to me, makes the message received much more meaningful than just a text message saying "yo ur fukkin opinion is rong" or something.  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_Hitlerum 




 Well, when something is apolitical, you can use whatever aesthetic you please. As I'm still not really convinced that using the article is all that terrible, I think I'm going to continue to do it. I've not seen it reliably demonstrated that there's any reason to be offended by it other than insecurity.  




 I've studied a bit of Russian and a smattering of Ukrainian, but doesn't the Russian name of the Ukraine translate to the borderlands while the Ukrainian name translates to the land/country/nation? The on/in question is a wholly different matter, but it seems like people pushing for the English language to drop the article seem to be saying that we should think of their name as a Russian word rather than a Ukrainian word. 

I still just don't see it as being tied to the notion of a "Russian world" or other forms of revanchism. It's old fashioned, sure, but it also works much better aesthetically.  




 See, people act like I'm insane when I say I love the South and Southern culture. I really do. Southerners are inventive, warm people who have genuinely done quite a lot of clever innovation and have contributed a lot to the United States and the world as a whole. The South deserves better than the wave of religiosity and the perception of bigotry it's saddled with.  




 How do you figure? What logic lead you to that assumption? 

After all, the Netherlands just means "the lowlands." Similarly, the Ukraine means "the borderlands." Nobody is disputing either of these countries and wanting to be rid of the article smacks more of sad insecurity than any sort of pride or anything. 




 It would if they identified as Mexican and the land they lived on had been in their family for quite some time. We need to look at what people want, not what central governments want. 




 Because Putin is literally Hitler, right?

Anyway, plenty of polls were done before the reacession of Crimea which backed up that popular Crimean opinion leaned towards Russia.  




 Aren't de facto maps used in many contexts anyway? You know, the ones where a productive use is relying on those maps? They're more utilitarian, so I say why not? 




 conquering

You don't seem to be fimiliar with the history of the region. Most of the people there are ethnically Russian, everybody speaks Russian, and nobody there likes Kiev. It was only ever made Ukrainian for the administrative convenience of the GOSPLAN of the Central Soviet. Since there is no Central Soviet anymore, there's no reason for it to belong to the Ukraine. As a Ukrainian Crimea makes little sense and people living on Crimea are Russian, to call Crimea conquered is pandering to Kiev's perspective. 




 The Crimea is a part of Russia, though. It's high time we started updating maps to coincide with reality.  




 No more than "the" Philippines is offense, or "the" Netherlands. How about "the" United States? "El" Salvador? The the is fine. 

EDIT: Randumtoon has edited his comment. It originally just said that "The Ukraine is offensive." 




 The Ukraine works just fine, is etymologically more correct, and really sounds better. The article was only dropped to apppease insecure nationalists who somehow thought the article was harming their national image. Insecure. 

Now, one thing you seem to be forgetting is that political maps are already rife with bias. Taiwan, for example, is nearly always shown in a different color than mainland China in the West's maps. This occurs despite the fact that under international law, there is only one China. In addition, the status of Kashmir tends to be up to whoever is printing the map that day and many maps are already showing the disputed nation of Kosovo.

Put simply, political maps are all about perspective, and de facto maps are better. 

Edit: Besides, if it's all about Russian perspectives, where's Transnistria? 




 American attitudes are changing about a lot of things. Given time, I think prejudice against Muslims will abate.  




 You're absolutely right. Why it isn't reflected in more maps is beyond me. 




 The news makes a big stink about Islam and I'm not particularly keen on a lot of the canon in Islam (or Christianity, for that matter), but I have to say that every Muslim I've ever met has been extremely kind and they seem to take the good elements of the faith (charity, mercy, compassion) to heart. America could use more citizens like the Muslims we've got. I'm just sorry this sentiment isn't more common. 




  Crimea to Russia

Surprised you didn't get more shit about that. People get really touchy about that wherever I go. 




 The Ukraine is never getting it back. To think otherwise is delusional. 




 Boxcar, maybe? New Haven Pizza? A sketchy alley? 




 [Here you go.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Yuuzhan_Vong#Pre-invasion)

And [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4sxWJISt_8) it is in game. 




 I'd love to go to one. Could we pick a wheelchair friendly venue? I don't want people busting their asses lifting me up steps, but I'd still very much enjoy attending. 




 Decades? Canderous Freakin' Ordo of the Mandalorian Supercommandos saw an advance scout - though unidentified as such - thousands of years before the main armada arrived. 




 Maybe? But unless OP is the guy who colorized it, it seems like it wouldn't be a problem to nip it off in paint or something. It detracts from the picture as a whole aesthetically and really cheapens it.

EDIT: Just noticed OP's name. D'oh. Nevermind. 




 Would have been better without the enormous banner ad. 




 Aren't we already? 




 No need for the quotation brackets, those women did quite a lot. As for Tubman, she did a huge deal as well but it was all sort of to do with abolitionism, not really nation building. I thought that's what people got on currency for. 

Not to sell her short, as she did a LOT for her causes, but I don't see her being as influential as Sakagawea.  




 She's an even better choice. We'd also have somebody involved in computing, that way, and it's possibly one of the most important innovations in civilized history. Great choice. 




 Ol' Honest Abe's already on two articles of currency, as is George Washington. Besides, nobody really uses the Sakagawea coin (even though there are scads of reasons why they should). Let's give her something that people actually bother with, like the $20. 




 I think this was an XKCD comic. 




 I'm not saying that Harriet Tubman wasn't prominent or notable or anything, but compared to all of that... Maybe we should pick a woman who accomplished more to be on the $20 if we're going to be replacing Andrew Jackson.

Maybe Eleanor Roosevelt? Sakagawea? General Margaret A. Brewer? 




 Welp. There goes my good mood. I think I'm going to tell my girlfriend how much I appreciate her today. 




 Ah hell, might as well get in on this. Congrats, OP. 




 OP poked a hole in an aloe plant and threaded a grass blade through it. 




 I searched and there doesn't seem to be such a thing. Odd.  




 I'd say I'm mediocre at best, but thanks for keeping the dream alive. 




 [Done](http://www.reddit.com/r/BasicIncome/comments/37myiw/the_new_relationship_between_workers_and/) 









 Well, this is still sadly relevant. 




 So basically everyone in the show is hitched to each other. Gotcha. 




 American, here. I've never met an Iranian who wasn't an immensely friendly person. Yours is a rich, beautiful culture with a lot to offer the world and your architecture is awe inspiring. If we could make nice with just one country on our current blacklist, Iran would be the one I'd pick. 




 Georgia, here. Can confirm. Back when I lived there, if you asked for a coke (or cocola) in some more rural places, they'd ask what kind of coke you wanted. Dr Pepper and Sprite were acceptable answers to this question. 




 This. Speaking as someone who tumblrinas might not consider privileged, the only privilege that matters is wealth. One could argue that all forms of discrimination stem from class differences. If you've got money, you've won. End of story. 




 It's like that rubbish flag of Earth if the Communists had won. 




 We were pretty damned close during the Korean War. Any of a number of things could have happened that would have allowed MacArthur to exercise his ultimate goal: glassing China. The Soviets, still not having split with their Chinese friends over destalinization, would have responded, deploying nuclear weapons on UN forces in Korea and possibly Japan. What happens from here is a little harder to call. Would the European theater have gone hot? Would nuclear responses against the United States and the Soviet Union happen? Would the conflict have somehow fail to escalate further due to reasons? Who can say. 




 Upvoting because I'd love to get some of those soundtracks. 




 De jure legality has nothing to do with what happens de facto. 




 If something is wrong with you and you happened to enjoy that, you can watch me review a fake poop machine [here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZBn0dhxkIg) 




 George would then heroically sacrifice himself by casting his corrupted form into the swirling maw of the Reflecting Pool. Lincoln, battle scarred and embittered, would ascend the Golden Throne of the God Presidency of These United States to reign triumphant in honor and glory for a thousand years of American peace and prosperity. 

Meanwhile, in the twisted, corrupted outlands known as London, the corrupted form of Washington awakens; having been cast thither into the defiled and despoiled city by the tempestuous holy waters of the Mall. He has but one goal - the destruction of his former friend who did nothing while he was overrun by the creeping powers corruption. He rallies the mutant British to his cause, claiming for himself a new moniker...

King George. 




 There really ought to be a special subreddit for trashy pregnant people. It's a special level of trashy that just seems to go above and beyond. 




 [I had a go at narrating this.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1Exd0PbvnAR) Hope you don't mind. As a wannabe narrator, practice is invaluable. 




 This is my sentiment. Better to be Firefly than the Simpsons, no? 




 calling the separatists terrorists

Stopped reading right about there. 




 There all is aching. 




 I'll have to see how much international postage is. If it's reasonable, I might send him a whole bunch of crap I've found in shops here. 




 Thank you! I actually have several videos of bizarre tatty products I've found in shops on my channel, if anybody wants to see them as well. I'm glad you enjoyed my video! I'll be sure to keep looking for crap to put in front of my webcam. 




 I'm not sure if it's allowed for me to post this here. If not, I'll remove it. 




 Reviewed [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOGhCwSlx10), along with some other crap I found at the local off brand discount store. 




 I'll post a video here. It doesn't look like they are, but based on the build quality of the things, I really wouldn't be surprised if they were. 




 Even better! They have internet.org! 




  best and most prestigious medical institutes in India and by consequence, the world.

Uh huh. If you want to believe that, that's your business.  




 I wonder when someone will update Irrational's wikipedia page. It's obviously not a dead company. 




 I may open them up on YouTube for all to see and appreciate. They look fantastically awful. 




 You should be careful. Fox's copyright gestapo has been particularly vicious since they started licensing these hats. 




 Incidentally, you can make any semi loading weapon emulate automatic fire with next to no effort if you're willing to pay for the ammo. Look up bump firing. It's neat. 




 Maybe some mutants on a treadmill. 









 Sure. Just look at the huge amounts of output in Western animation ever since Flash became accepted. You have work that is in quite a few cases nearly indistinguishable from hand drawn being put out with a far lower expenditure of time, effort, and material at a much lower cost. Anime has been slow to adapt to these advances, but I think that as Japan as a whole is being forced to move away from older modes of thinking and acting, the traditional reticence that pervades many industries (including anime) will fall away by necessity and anime will adopt these new methods of production. 




 Likewise. 




 Sadly, child porn is quite a bit easier to make than a mil-spec fragmentation grenade. Something being illegal has no bearing on how easy it is to get. This is why gangs in countries with tight gun control can still get by with pissant little zip guns but can't break out any heavy machine guns. 




 No worries. Looking at my wording, what you said was a totally understandable reading of my comment. Few things piss me off more than know it alls, so I'd likely have posted the same thing as you if I had been in a certain sort of mood. 




 Lightning links are a thing for ARs, Drop In Auto Sears apparently exist for AKs. As neither of these are true automatic fire, however, and I would be curious to see the reliability of emulating sustained automatic fire in a civilian legal military pattern rifle. 




 I'm not assuming that it's impossible, just unlikely.  




 That's not as difficult. With enough time and patience, anybody with a lathe and a press can churn out a homemade Sten. Making a military hand grenade that looks just like the real thing may be more difficult.

It looks like it's an M67. Perhaps it came from a South American country and was smuggled up? It's relatively small and border control tends to look for firearms over explosives, so it's not inconceivable that it ended up here. I'm not sure if any South American countries use the M67, though.  




 It had to have been a dummy. Assuming this is in North America or Western Europe, where does one even *get* an active hand grenade? 




 They've got some really keen up and comers getting into the industry now. If they can solve the stagnation in storylines and a few other issues - for example, the universally awful working conditions - then I have every faith that the rising crop of anime directors and writers can keep the industry vibrant and relevant for years to come. 

Also, didn't Hiyao Miyazaki predict that the anime industry had two years left in it back in 2010?  




 Fascism is only fascism when it's against their opinion. Didn't you get the memo? 




