 Haha I wonder if that ruined the cake. 









 Ahhahah what the fuck!? 




 Ahhhaaha genius! 




 _/m\

m o m

_\m/ 




 this interview is awesome. Thanks! 




 Eeek! This looks dooooooope! 




 Listen to Mac Demarco. Do it. Do it. Do it. 









 That is exactly how I reacted. 




 oh another thing i wanted to say about For the Kids is that the letterboxing really adds to the cinematic feel. Looks great! I think I want to do that on my next film instead of the basic ass 16x9. 




 I'm not sure of the exact model, but our cinematography used a camera slider for most of the better looking shots. Google it, there are even some cheap DIY builds. Also a shoulder mount  




 ay, thanks dude. worked hard on it :-) 




 Check out the film I posted on here, Simplicity, when you have time. It's not quite as funny though. Or at all. In fact it's rather depressing. 




 Haha this was awesome. Love the twisted sense of humor. 









 Yo, this is a pretty dope shirt! Where did you get them if you didn't make it? 




 "You're history."

man i hope that line is in jurassic world. 




 Contact is my favorite alien film!! :-) 




 It's not *that* far out, but Hitler and the Occult is a pretty interesting short documentary that talks about Hitlers religious beliefs. It's kinda cool. It gives you the impression that Hitler truly thought that he was a messiah of some sort. 




 Sorry. I didn't know my opinion would get downvoted. I just get the feeling that Kanye cringes every time he hears that song. It's a product of its time.  




 RAMPAGE EDITION 




 Ahh! The one on the left was one of my favorite toys growing up! Oh man, the nostalgia is hitting so hard. Thanks OP 




 Came here to post these exact words. You're cool. 




 Ah man, that reminds me that I'm actually banned from fat people hate. 




 I seriously hate Stronger. It's the only Kanye song that I really dislike. Sadly, it's the only Kanye song that I ever seem to hear on the radio and it drives me crazy. 




 Damn, that was beautiful. 




