 http://stopplayingwagonwheel.com/ 




 it's my experience that people only get fired from a company when:

A) the company wants to fire you (IE: don't like you; looking for a reason)

B) when the company has outside pressure forcing them to fire you

If a company don't want to fire you, they'll at least punish you   keep you on.  




 no, the moocher's are the minorities, right? you know, the ones who were: 

* denied decent education for decades
* denied equal wages   job opportunities
* had poor health due to costly healthcare   poor food options 
* have a high likelihood of turning to crime to make ends meet

but they choose to beg for handouts, right? 

http://thedailyshow.cc.com/videos/q5tmo2/the-poor-you-know---did-you-even-try-to-research-this- 




 he gets paid as a producer whether he shows up in the film or not...  




 Fuck Nestle... one of THE worst ethically responsible companies  




 I bought these last week from MSFT   they didn't come with a boom mic...

I registered them hoping Polk will send one out. 




 in the future, someone will come up with a chair with wheels so that disabled people can get around or be pushed...  




 You could at least offer a youtube video of the song... but of course you want someone else to do it... 




 if they make previous DLC content free, I'll pick up the game again   play it...  




 Worst part about H4 was that they did the update balancing the game WAY after people quit playing it. 

it got better. 

Hopefully that's one of the reasons for the H5 beta... 




 https://berniesanders.com/?ms=reddit150430 




 the GOP are against birth control but don't consider how it'll lower many unwanted pregnancies. which can lead to: 

* lower cases of welfare (the GOP hates govt assistance unless it's for corporations)

* lower crime rates (they hate criminals but need a reason to justify their arsenal)

* lower education costs (they hate paying for education; educated people in general)

* lower medical costs (they hate poor people getting medical help)

*   less minorities (they especially hate minorities) 

leave it to the GOP to be counter-productive to their own agenda (again)

 




 ["The Story of Stuff" just released a new video about the subject:](http://storyofstuff.org/movies/lets-ban-the-bead/
)




 









 Pay off student loan debt from undergrad / masters    get a degree from a school that'll actually finally get me a job...  




 what if they 'leak' so many different versions nobody knows which one is going to be in the film?  




 it's threads like this that remind me reddit has turned into a slightly better than average youtube comment section...  




 how'd they do it without shooting someone with a weapon?  




 if the MCC kept us in a room together after a match, we'd go straight into another match   therefore speed up the overall MP process for the user 

after a couple of games, we'd have a group of people determined to play   weed out the quitters who ruin the experience

I would be more likely to play for longer periods at a time (  have a better experience) if the MCC didn't kick me out to a lobby after every match. I worked hard to finally get in a lobby / game only to have to repeat that process after each match.  




 I had a lot of shopping to do yesterday. I decided to try the app yesterday morning... Not one single thing I needed to shop for was available. I tried to find random things I usually buy   couldn't find them. I tried finding things on my Amazon Wishlist   none of them were available. Doing all this through the app was tiresome...

For starters, there's no perishable goods (bread, produce/ vegetables, etc)   rest of their inventory is random.  









 He only wore it one evening   it was kinda a 'rush job'... give a guy a break.  




 Reagan   the war on drugs was a prohibition which bankrolled drug funded cartels to battle each other. This is the GOPs fault, yet they argue about people with common sense leaving their homes to make a living (  yes, they still argue about it while the past 3 years has been almost negative numbers). Think of all the US currency that left our economy only to fuel drug wars. 

Another example of the GOP being counter productive against their own interests... 




 as soon as you go to pet it, you realize from the insertion of teeth   claws that you fell for the oldest cat trick in the book...  




 yup, not one redditor here who would insult someone doing their job while they hauled your car away...  




 I believe that becoming a politician should be a sacrifice much like becoming a soldier. You are a servant of the people   shouldn't be able to profit off any decisions. Shouldn't be able to hold stock, etc...

If a NCAA student can't accept any gifts, then a politician can't either. 

You'll see more people doing it for a shorter time. No more lifetime politicians. You'll see people doing it for the job   not as a power grab...  




 don't care what the Cali-transplants say: In/Out are minimally good burgers

I had read for years that In/Out was 'one of the best burgers'...  I was terribly disappointed. They're an OK 'fast food burger' (ate one last week) but are NOWHERE near great.  




 look, it used a tool to take out something it didn't understand... how advanced 




 to clarify: did he snipe an ice sickle   hop off it while it was dropping? 

intentionally?   




 all the weapons / armor I FINALLY upgraded will have to be upgraded again! 

all new Raid weapons / armor I'll have to upgrade with materials the game almost never gives me! 

 




 who tips togo workers?

sometimes the person who sells you food in togo makes $2.18/hr   are working for tips

sometimes the tips go into a pool which is shared by all employees   their families...

as a veteran food service employee, I feel these delivery drivers should be paid for their service but not tipped. they're not a food service worker. they performed no skill. that,   they repeatedly stiff the real people who deserve tips.  




 objection: speculation 




 reminder: food delivery services NEVER tip the restaurant they get their food from  




 Tom Cotton is an ignorant asshole.  




 I thought the GOP was all about keeping government small   keeping the govt out of their lives... oh, 'their own' lives, not others... got it.  




 On defense, you could put a sticky on the flag. If someone came in, it would detonate as soon as they grabbed the flag. 

Same thing with the oddball: get a good lead,   stick it to the ball... 




 http://splitsider.com/2012/01/the-princess-bride-letters/ 




 TIL I'm a nerd b/c I instantly said, 'nope, that's Luke's saber from Jedi'...   




 when I have problems with the app, I go to a browser   log into HBOGo... When I go back to the app, it usually works  




 good live show: kicking television (live in Chicago)

studio albums: start with Yankee Hotel Foxtrot or Summerteeth. 

 




 no 




 great lineup but I hate that venue with all my heart

terrible parking   after each show they force you out the back exit (away from 183) into nowhere...  




 on XB1 or 360? 

I know the 360 had it, but never found on XB1... 




 Wish it had 'shows you watch' or at least tracked last 5 watched so you could pick up where you left off...

I hate picking show   having to trough EVER episode until I get to the last / newest... if only there was a button that went to the end of the list too.  




