 I've noticed that c9 fans for the most part stayed loyal when they were slumping.  




 The reason why it's working IMO is that Bjergsen is on the same level as the rest of the mids in this tourney, unlike in NA where he is clearly above everyone else. This means the teams don't have to worry as much about him snowballing out of control, so they can focus Dyrus more and still be fine. If Incarnation lives up to the hype this could be a viable strat for c9 as well. 




 I wouldn't say it's trash. It's got very high damage (640 base + 2.4 bonus AD is actually insane), heals her a good amount, and synergizes stupidly well with a sheen. It's definitely not a top ult but it's not bad. 




 Easyhoon is pretty damn good 




 The reason why the "tank meta" came into play is a new item, Cinderhulk. It essentially gives you 25% bonus Hp. This means people are stacking HP. This makes Irelia sad as 75 true damage is much less to a tank with 4-5k hp then a bruiser that has 2-3k. 




 He's likely scrimming. Nobody else on c9 has played games at this time as well. 




 To be fair that was with a Youmou's active and a Righteous Glory. You're normally not going to be that fast. 




 Lucian and graves at least long ranged abilities (Q,W,R), this lets them get harder CS and poke the laner. Vayne has literally nothing. 




 She was a FOTM pick, but the meta has shifted to tanks, and she struggles against them compared to the ranged top laner meta that was before. She's still a popular and strong solo queue pick, just not *as* highly contested as she was. 




 This is quite late of a reply, but zed into Cho is a terrible matchup for the zed. All the zed can do is farm from a distance with his Q. He gets bullied early on, and can't ever have kill pressure if the cho plays right. Zed loses in a poke war, he can't farm in melee range, and is literally unable to win an all-in at any point of the game. All Cho has to do is rupture behind him if zed tries to ult, and then burst him while he's silenced. Incarnation likely just won that matchup due to experience + being more skilled. 




 True, it's often important, but not always. For example Kassadin has the lowest win rate in the game but he's still a fine pick if you know how to play him. 




 Twitch chat already has quite a few Sneaky x Meteos x Incarnation fanfics typed up. They're interesting to say the least. 




 Kassadin is a fine pick, he's just a shadow of his former self. They neutered his damage, stripped his utility, and reduced his trademark mobility. He's literally been nerfed in every single aspect of his gameplay. He's got a low win rate as he had a high learning curve, and has a low early-mid game impact. While he's not mechanically hard, he is hard to play. He's all about timing and decision making.

People say he should be reworked/deleted as he has been proven impossible to balance, especially for competitive. He has been nerfed over and over again since his 99%ban rate days, but every single time he has risen to be a high priority pick in competitive play. You can even see him slowly beginning his return back into the meta again recently. Such high mobility (even after the recent changes) will always be a huge deal. 




 Nocturne would become a much stronger pick. One of his biggest weaknesses is that you can flash out of his fear. 




 She has the problem of it having a energy cost though. She can't spam it  




 Yeah he has a good early clear, but his duelling is non-existent early game. It's just a risk fighting him cause he can CC-lock you long enough for the laners to collapse. 




 The one thing I see 'bad' kassadins do is not properly auto-reset with your W. Early game that is actually the majority of your burst, and late game that's over 200 damage of your combo wasted. Also, your ult does a deceptively high amount of damage, especially after a couple stacks. Near 500 damage at level 16 IIRC. 




 Isn't CDR a pretty useless stat on him? It benefits his ult CD and that's about it 




 When the announcer says "An enemy is godlike" in that quiet, whispered tone. It's like she's saying "gg easy" 




 LMQ beat OMG at worlds last year. I wouldn't consider that 'worse then LSPL' 




 As someone who plays a ton of noc, his problem is itemization. If he builds damage he'll explode, if he builds tanky he won't be a threat. He needs to build bruisery, which doesn't really work for a mid laner 




 Yeah he's my second most played champ. His play style has changed a bit, making him more difficult for solo queue, but he's still effective. He's mechanically easy, just requires game sense and experience with him more then anything. If you're just learning him you'll likely misjudge his damage for awhile. (Like your auto-W and ult both do a deceptively high amount of damage, and your QE does a lot less) 




 He has some of the lowest base damages in the game, minimal utility (only a 1s slow), a fairly poor pre-6 (generally just stagnates the lane), and a long ramp up time due to taking ROA + usually Athenes. He's amazing if you know how to play him, and he's fairly safe, but it's hard to make an impact on the game early on if you're inexperienced with him. 




 Nocturne is still a strong carry jungler. Warrior vs Devourer is personal preference (Warrior gives better early ganks and higher burst, Devourer scales better and makes you a stronger duelist), and then BOTRK is a great item on him. From there you should usually go randuins+banshee, and then choose between being more tanky or an additional offensive item. 




 In lower elo with both champions taking ignite is worth it. They both snowball incredibly hard that getting an early kill in lane to start it off will cause you to dominate the game 




 Plus morello is slowly leaving the meta in favor of athenes, which is major for mundo 




 Slot efficiencygold effeciency. Plus you're also ignoring the fact that passives aren't calculated in gold efficiency, when they're often the most important part of an item. On paper essence reaver might look better then IE, but in game the infinity edge is so much better  




 Pantheon actually has insanely good ratios. His problem is the fact they're hard to use. His E does 3.6AD to champions for example. That's around standard ratios for a assassins full burst. The problem is that he has to stand still for a second to use that, which leads to his death if building damage. 




 Nothing is scarier then a Nasus 20 minutes in and 400 stacks, with a sheen, frozen heart and cowl TP'ing into a fight. He can literally 1v3 at that point. 




 Idk, the c9 hype was pretty big before the season even started. Just watch their first game against DIG, the casters hype up the team of 'solo queue prodigys' that are destroying challenger teams. 




 You like making adcs cry 




 Irelia 

Nocturne

Kassadin 




 And kalista 




 As somebody who was in your exact situation last season (stuck in B4/b3 for the longest time). I know where you're coming from. I would definitely recommend avoiding bot lane unless you find someone good to duo with. 9/10 games you will have a full AP Lux 'support', or an adc who has 20cs at 10, or something of the like. Mid/top/jungle are usually the easier roles to have an impact with at bronze.

Looking through your op.gg, you should cut back on the amount of champions you play. Find one for each role that you love and suits your play, and stick with him. Don't worry about counterpicks at your level, they truly don't matter. Comfortcounterpicks until youre pretty much in diamond. I literally only played Irelia, nocturne, and Kassadin (for top/jungle/mid respectively) for my entire climb out of bronze. I think i had over 80% win rate the entire time from b4 to s4 (where the season ended)

Buy wards. I'm not saying spend all your money on them, but literally put a deep pink in the enemy jungle (which will last all game), and upgrade your warding trinket, and you'll be better then 99% of bronze.

This is a weird piece of advice, but it's very effective. Learn to change your mindset. Realize the players your against will make mistakes, and punish them for it. 90% of the time the enemy will stay in the lane when they're too low, or fight in the minion waves, or something like that. Learn what those mistakes are, and abuse them. You should easily be getting fed in lane every game once it 'clicks' for you. 

If you have any questions, just PM me. I'm not an amazing player, but I've been in the same situation as you before so I know what to get out of it. 




 A combination of assassins leaving the meta and the release of Ludens. Kog is extremely vulnerable early game, against many assassins he's pretty much free gold. The release of Ludens gave him a much earlier powerspike then before, now he's a threat after 1 item, when before you needed a good 3 or more to really be scary.  




 Either build on-hit items or crit. The main draw of AD Shyvana is that she essentially has the ability to do 3 autos (two of them AOE) in the space of one. Assuming you're not going full 4x IE + ghost blade one-shot cheese, the best build would be something like a Yi 




 So it doesn't actually effect AD scaling ability damage. Hurricane is primarily meant to be an auto attacking based item. 




 I guarantee they will nerf her as/level in this new update. 




 Probably just hoping someone else would dodge first 




 You can give tryouts but still heavily favor an option beforehand. It'll be incarnation unless he totally shits the bed, or someone plays absolutely amazing. 




 Nocturne top. You outtrade him early on with your passive (you don't draw minion aggro with it if you use it on a minion and hit Darius too), you all-in him level 2 or 3 and win every time. If you end up behind you can either shove him in easy and roam or just CS with your Q. Once you get Botrk you can 1v1 him easily for the rest of the game, you can do it even earlier if your confident with your spell shielding of his ult. 




 Nothing happened to her. It's just that she has always had the ability to essentially have three auto attacks in the space of one. Build crit and it gets pretty scary  




 The dude definitely did it on purpose too 




 You know he did it on purpose too 




 Let's use Ahri as an example. If you rushed deathcap you would have around ~200ap once you factor in runes masteries and dorans items. with a 2.6 ap ratio in her whole kit you would do a total of 520 bonus damage. If you rushed Ludens you would
sit at around 150ap. Since her full combo let's you get two Ludens procs, you have a total ap ratio of 2.9ap + 200 bonus damage. All together this is a total of 635 bonus damage. This is a larger early powerspike, as well as being cheaper + giving better wave clear.  




 The top team in challenger (Origin for Eu, Enemy for NA) gets automatically promoted. The second and third place teams play against the two teams that are in relegations from the LCS. 




 I doubt it. Only this split has TSM ever really been better then c9, so there would be zero reason for sneaky to leave to what was a worse team. Plus, he still has the loyalty + friendship factor of him being with the same roster the last few years. 




 He'll 'raise the level' by adding another strong adc to the LCS. He's definitely not going to be better then Sneaky or anything, but from what I've seen he seems like he'll be a decent middle of the pack adc like Apollo. 




 I'm not even kidding, this literally happened to me last game. Sivir was attacking the nexus turrets and I dashed near her on Ahri. She autos me once, I instantly die. Death recap said ricochet did like 1800 damage. I was likely directly on top of minions as it happened mid-dash. 

I originally chalked it up to having super minions focusing me or something, but it doesn't really make any sense as they only had two of them, and I died *instantly*. 




 And somehow adding a belt and a chain mail to make a Flaming Cape doesn't bother you?   Or two books to make a gun?  




 Irelia top. I play her at a much higher level then the rest of my champions. If I didn't get bored of her and play other ones I'd probably be a much higher tier then I am now 




 Vladimir is actually quite an easy matchup. From the moment you hit level 3/4 you just go balls deep on him every time he comes near a minion wave. The key to the lane is using your stickyness to make him miserable early on. Playing passive is how you lose lane against him. 

Olaf is a bit tricky. Excluding level 1 he will pretty much always outtrade you, there are certain windows of power where you can actually kill him though. Unfortunately I haven't played this matchup in forever so I can't tell you exactly when.

I find the worst matchup is either Darius or Volibear. Both absolutely wreck you early on. Voli is especially annoying as he stacks HP, which means you'll never do much to him with your true damage. 




 A standard build is something like Morellos frozen heart zhonya's abyssal deathcap, shoes are really situational but often Sorcs or mercs 




 She's a direct counterpick to Velkoz, of course you're going to have a rough time. It's like a pre-nerf talon being picked against Kassadin, the lane is supposed to be living hell. 




 The sad part was he finished his career with 99 wins 




 DAARRKNESSSS! The screen goes black as a teemo flies at you 




 I understand its just me. Thats why im asking advice. All I know is that ive gone from a good win rate on him to losing every game on him with what appears to be decent scores.  




 As somebody who used to play kassadin with tons of success before the range nerfs, I've recently picked him up again. However, I have found that no matter how good I do early , I can't seem to close a game out. My last few games I have had scores of 11/5/5/, 9/4/5, 7/3/2, 10/6/4, etc. I've tried all sorts of different builds to see if its the problem, but to no success. Has his playstyle fundamentally changed (from the clean-up assassin) or something? My two most played champions are Irelia and Nocurne (70% win rate on both), so kassadin generally follows a similar playstyle (in the fact he dives the backline) 




 /r/talonmains 




 Could you imagine Hai shot calling as a coach with Incarnation as the actual mid laner?  




 Just a fail-safe in case Incarnati0n comes to NA and he ends up being a massive flop, or doesn't mesh with the team. This gives him a 'trial period' to see how he works,  




 Exactly. I could honestly see an adc import from NA to EU at some point, due to all of the top teams having a spot filled. Let's use an example like if doublelift decides to leave CLG, there aren't any top teams in NA that would need him, but there are a couple I could think of in EU that might. 




 It's pretty much just in case Incarnati0n goes to NA and just absolutely shits the bed. 




 We're always completely dank here :^) 




 *Danish talent is superior 




 This has actual people he knows commenting on it (such as Alex Penn), so it seems legit. 




 Damn, I never knew Monte had that much respect for Hai 




 Those donations were all trolls. You can put your name down as anything you want when you donate. 




 Hai does tilt to be fair 




 Its a necessary change, but it doesn't make it any less sad. I sure hope he decides to stick around in the organization though. 




 He wouldn't cry about it. Plus, sneaky has said on stream that 'he cant talk about it'. Its pretty much confirmed. 




 He used to be a top mid laner. He finished S4 spring as playoff MVP with like a 54 kda 




 Why would POE leave though? UOL is having enough success on their own to really justify a move, especially across the ocean 




 They're saying when you're at your proper ELO. If you're way above your actual level (IE smurfing), it should be more like 80/20 or 90/10. 




 Rylai's lets you chain your ults on Kog though. The slow makes it near impossible for them to run out of your ult range when you land your first one. Plus it makes it WAY easier to continually keep hitting the targets when they are slowed. The Rylai's + Liandries combo also works very well with him as he has low ratios, and insane poke. 




 Not only picked, but being first pick or ban tier, all without even a rework. 




 Incarnati0n is a medium risk/high reward option IMO. They can either keep their full roster, and slowly decline until they go from second, to third, fourth, over a few seasons until they're struggling to make playoffs. Or they can take a risk, and potentially become the best team in the west again. Of course it could blow up in their face, but really, how many splits would you honestly say they have left before they're just outclassed, and Hai's shot calling can't cover the holes they have?

Either way, I'll support c9 with or without Hai 100%, I'm perfectly fine with whatever decision they make.  




 There was sexual abuse of children in the books, but the show is pretty clean 




 No because TSM lost against c9 in the last week of the regular season 




 Plus a terrible early game. You're literally a sitting duck pre-6 without any lane pressure. 




 It's because that lets say every member on the one team has a different ward skin. Someone could go clear the ward, and see it's the junglers. They could then realize the jungler was near and plan accordingly. 




 I always thought it was a toss-up between Bjergsen or Sneaky. I'm fine with either. 




 I'm pretty sure Kassadin wasn't a very well designed champion. They've had to nerf his damage and utility to the ground, and change up his trademark mobility, and he is still a viable pick. 




 Since when did they buff thresh hooks to be a targeted ability? 




 *whoosh* 




 Because porpoise actually isn't that bad, and is still actually a pro unlike oddone. 




 Turtle adc, porpoise jungle, Shiphtur mid, Zionspartan top, Sheep support. Actually not *that* bad 




 There's a esports lawyer on this subreddit, I forget his username though. He'd be able to help you with a lot  




 The thing is between Hai and Bjerg, is that in a straight 1v1 lane, Bjerg will likely win 9/10 times. However, winning lane doesn't win the game. If Bjergsen doesn't actually snowball, hai brings enough to the team that he can still have a larger impact. 




 Where would you find the Hecarim ban? Getting balls off rumble is much more important, you don't want to let Meteos have nidalee or Sejuani, and leaving Hai Zed is never the greatest idea.  




 Give c9 some credit. Balls looks to be out of his slump, and will outclass dyrus if he is. Meteos can match santorin, Sneaky is better then turtle. The only real thing is that Hai just has to survive against bjergsen. It should be a fairly even series IMO, with a slight advantage to TSM. 




 Corki too 




 Dying is almost expected on backline diving bruisers like Irelia or Hecarim. You want to dive in and draw all the attention to you while letting your carries shred the enemy team.  




 Well you could argue that now that balls is back in form, that tsm's weak point (Dyrus) is against c9's strong point.  




 They are both high skill-cap champs that can be useless in the wrong hands. Sounds about right. 




 Robert was pretty good too  




 Same with Nintendude 




 I missed Pr0lly and Bubba. All we need is Robert to coach a LCS team and we've got the complexity coaching dream 




 NALCS: where random shit happens for a couple months and then it's a TSM C9 final. 




 I'd honestly put sneaky over him for best ADC in the west. Sneaky is just so much more clutch 




 Why so? 




