 These are custom made-to-order. [The first batch of orders are being filled and looking sharp](http://imgur.com/HyminKm). 









 Complete hoax. Magus Gilmore addressed this [officially and in detail on 9sense](https://youtu.be/4c34Mas_--Y?t=13m7s) 




 Not necessarily. Satan can be a very seemingly real subjective projection of your ego in the right circumstances.  




 As for fictional characters, I would say Frank Underwood from House of Cards is one of the most Satanic characters in television in the last 10 years or so. He obviously has his flaws, but that's part of the equation. I'm still going through the first season so that may or may not change, but so far so good. Especially Season 1 Episode 3, a perfect application of Lesser Magic, and even Greater Magic (vis--vis mental projection of the Is-To-Be, see the Satanic Scriptures). 




 He was a powerful twentieth century figure that shaped the world after him, certainly. A black magician, possibly. But Satanist (de facto or otherwise), I wouldn't think so. 




 Yes, I'm going to take Reddit advice on what's customary from a rando with a whopping 1 Post Karma. Go troll somewhere else.  




 Pro-tip: Learn how the Post Link function works. Thanks for the feedback. 









 If there's some symbolism you don't feel comfortable or resonate with then you're free to discard it. No one should feel obligated to agree with everything every other Satanist does, enjoys, or is attracted to.  









 Yes, and no. I understand and appreciate the site's enthusiasm but some things may need some clarification. 

1.  LaVey did search of occurrences of Satanism in his study of the occult. He references many materials dealing with devilry and Satanism in his books. Now what he was not able to find were genuine, proud, self-proclaimed Satanists. Prior to LaVey, the term satanist or satanism was a derogatory term for heretics or members of opposing religious faiths. Jews were satanists, the Catholic church was satanic, pre-christian pagans were satanists, etc. Now he was able to find some occultists with interests in black magic, but that wasn't enough. It's not enough for academics either. Keep in mind that LaVey was a self-taught autodidact, he didn't have access to university libraries and this was before the internet. But fast forward to today, and you have numerous occult and religious studies researchers trying to find historical Satanism. Funny enough, they arrive at just about the same conclusion. There are a handful of poets and occultists who considered themselves Satanic, but they have little to zero influence past their deaths. They reluctantly have to admit, and trust me some of these people have no easy feelings for LaVey, that there was no significant occurrence of self-proclaimed, self-identified Satanism prior to LaVey and the Church of Satan. Regardless of what some occultists want to think ex post facto, we're not talking about Yezidi, Gnostics, Thelemites, Pagans, Theosophists, etc. These are groups that may have some Left Hand Path influences but they did not and do not self-identify as "Satanic" or call themselves "Satanists", and would be insulted if you did for them.   

2. I do not agree with the idea that not being in the Church of Satan makes you less of a Satanist. As far as I know, neither does Magus Gilmore. It doesn't make you more "independent" or "free-spirited" either though. And if you do not affiliate and go around trying to represent Satanism, then you're talking about a different ballgame.   

3. "Pretenders To the Throne" was written as a response to certain materials published by the Temple of Set that claimed some form of authority over Satanism after their formation. While valuable for historical knowledge, it's an artifact of the past. Since then the Temple of Set has renounced Satanism all together and removed all claims over the philosophy and religion (after much internal debate, from my understanding). They no longer consider themselves Satanists in any way and only Setian. A more appropriate article to reference would be the [Satanic Bunco Sheet](http://churchofsatan.com/satanic-bunco-sheet.php), which is a guide to identifying pseudo-Satanic groups. 




 In short, yes, the Church of Satan supports the idea of magic.    

In many cases, yes, LaVey's Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Our system of magic is completely carnal, materialistic, and we do not require our members to practice it if they are not interested. We tell those who are interested to be skeptical and remember that all experiences can be subjective. We use ritual magic to study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation. None of this requires any belief in spiritual deities, demons, etc. We believe this to be an extension of natural human biology that is yet to be fully understood. 




 Gabriele D'Annunzio, H. P. Lovecraft, Mark Twain, Benjamin De Casseres, P. T. Barnum, H. L. Mencken, Lord Byron, Rasputin, Basil Zaharoff, Robert E. Howard, Clark Ashton Smith, John Milton, Henry M. Tichenor, Malfew Seklew, Edgar Saltus, Arthur Desmond 




 Satan as a Jungian archetype is pretty much the whole idea behind LaVey's work, which was highly influenced by Jung. "Man and His Symbols" is practically required reading for anyone serious about the study of Satanism beyond what we in the CoS consider the "First Phase".  Peter Gilmore goes into this more in the [Satanic Scriptures](http://shop.underworldamusements.net/product/the-satanic-scriptures). 









 None taken, it's a valid question. 




 Priest/Reverend is an honorary title given by the Church of Satan to individuals who have shown to successfully apply the Satanic philosophy in the real world through their chosen careers or art. They are allowed to be official representatives of the Church of Satan. Yes, the title itself can be seen as a blasphemous play on the Christian Priest/Reverend, but we are fully aware that priesthoods, by that name or another, [have been around since ancient Sumeria](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Priest). Christianity does not hold ownership of that word in any functional sense. As for "Reverend", that's more of a stylistic form of the role, and there's a history of non-Christian Reverends such as Buddhists and Jews. 




 I'm a reverend in the Church of Satan and have done numerous radio and media interviews. Will get in touch. 




 One of the things I'd like to do is elevate the material on this sub above the obvious material into deeper Satanic topics (philosophy, aesthetics, symbolism)  




 To the Junger-esque egoist Satanic Anarch a Hobbesian Leviathan would be an acceptable social system, it keeps the masses in place and gives him a suitable map to maneuver around. Either way, no matter what society you have in place, violence is the natural (Satanic) force that keeps it in place. 




 Who said anything about pointless violence? 




 Symbolism, misanthropy, and self-deification. All Satanic concepts. The author of those words and man being photographed is a former Reverend in the Church of Satan. 




 Because Satanism is about having a sense of humor and accepting the role of being the adversary. A couple years ago I was performing in Germany and noticed a guy in the crowd wearing this shirt and a Star of David necklace. I bumped into him later on, complemented him on his attire, and we started to talk over a few drinks. Turns out he was a secular soldier in the Israeli Defense Force and a CoS member. He totally got the point of the shirt and purchased a few of them for his regiment. Great guy. 




 This is actually more of joke on being Jewish than being a Satanist. Read up on Good Friday.  

Also LaVey was pretty fond of the idea of throwing Christians to the lions. Bring back the Circus Maximus.  

LaVey didn't just reject the Christian mythology, he rejected all of its values and morals. That's the point of Satanism, which some hand wringing kids now seem to miss. They'd be happy with and honest Christianity minus Christ.  




 This is actually more of a joke on being Jewish than being a Satanist. Read up on Good Friday. 




 "However, the willful submission of many inevitably creates a vulnerability waiting to be exploited by any one person who shrugs off social and ethical norms. If every man lays down his arms and refuses to pick them up, the first man to pick them up can do whatever he wants. Peace can only be maintained without violence so long as everyone sticks to the bargain, and to maintain peace every single person in every successive generation  even after war is long forgotten  must continue to agree to remain peaceful. Forever and ever. No delinquent or upstart may ever ask, Or Else What?, because in a truly non-violent society, the best available answer is Or else we wont think youre a very nice person and were not going to share with you. Our troublemaker is free to reply, I dont care. Ill take what I want.

Violence is the final answer to the question, Or else what?" 









 How does Ayn Rand read into any of that? Because it champions self improvement through will power? Much of their material is based on philosophies that are critical of Rand.  









 [Sitting by the pool in Vegas, weekend of greed, gluttony, and lust await.](http://i.imgur.com/NMwJbFk.jpg) 




 Yes. 




 Firstly, I meant no disrespect by addressing you. A quick search on your paper led me to your work with Leyba's art. He was an friend at one point and I have a collection of his work.  

Alright, for the sake of this conversation, I'll accept 'political' as anything that promotes the idea of resistance, with media appearances and performances as examples.  

With that said, my contention still stands. Media appearances and performances ramped up after Peter Gilmore took over the Church of Satan in 2001. The statement that I'm seeing pushed by TST and their supports is the that since LaVey's death a certain level of activity (political or not) ceased. That's stated as a factual premise on which other claims are made. I'm attacking that piece of the fundamental claim.   

Between 1996 (LaVey's Death) and January 2013 (When the TST [first appeared as mockumentary film called The Satanic Temple](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/2014/07/satanic_temple_doug_mesner_cevin_soling_david_guinan.php)), I have on file (gathered from internet searches and archives) at least 20 interviews with Peter Gilmore. There have been at least 15 media appearances including The History Channel, Sci-Fi, Fox News, BBC, CBC, Point of Inquiry, New York Times, CNN, and more. His book, The Satanic Scriptures, was released in 6 different languages. But as we know, the Church of Satan isn't just Peter Gilmore. Our priesthood has continued operating on various levels including broadcast and online media (Radio Free Satan, which I operate, 9sense), book publishing (Underworld Amusements), clothing lines (ASP Apparel), and musical performers (too many to list). We've also had speakers at Center For Inquiry conferences, appearances on the Marc Maron podcast, Reason TV, done college and university lectures, and continued doing Satanic weddings (such as my own) and funerals. I'm not even going to count the 6/6/6 event in any of this.  

I'll say this, if it's comes down between remaining under the radar and tea-bagging gravestones to grab headlines, we'll stay under the radar. Since 2001 we've had members running for public office, lawyers and fundraisers with various secular organizations, activists working with Wikileaks, speakers doing TED talks, speaking at SXSW   TechCrunch. Much of this isn't done by flying the Satanic banner. LaVey often told us to utilize the "cloak of invisibility" to achieve our goals. In my opinion, the real Satanic revolution will be one that no one notices. 




 While your succinct summation of LaVey's philosophy is accurate, I would like point out an inaccurate meme that you included, one that seems to be actively pushed by representatives of the Satanic Temple.  

For a number of reasons, not the least of which was LaVeys death in 1996, the COS has ceased to be politically active   

That's implying that the Church of Satan was at some point *politically* active. As an organization the Church of Satan, from its very beginning, was never politically active, even in a time of heightened political activism (late 60's, early 70's). LaVey encouraged individual members to pursue their own political aims that were Satanically influenced, but it was not uniform or centralized. In fact, LaVey rejected the idea of activism in the name of Satanism, or people using the Church of Satan to give meaning to their lives.    
"As far as Im concerned, I would like my organization, the Church of Satan, to exist as a cabal for the mutual endowment of those already occupied with interests and activities other than organizational." - [Get a Life](http://www.churchofsatan.com/get-a-life.php)   

Our current High Priest, Peter H. Gilmore, goes into more detail in regards to Satanism and Activism, how they relate, and why the Church of Satan has never been "political" in his article [The Church of Satan, and the paradox of individualist religion](http://www.churchofsatan.com/paradox-of-individualist-religion.php).    

TST picks up from LaVey his idea of a secular religion using Satan as a symbol, but the similarities end there. The Satanic Temple advocates for an objective moral "good", to "encourage benevolence and empathy among all people." This is pretty much the polar opposite of LaVey's philosophy, which based on subjective morals.

Also, the 4th Satanic Sin is Self-deceit, not Self-defeat. 









 Read the Satanic Bible. It's a short book, shouldn't take you more than an hour. There's a whole chapter called "Indulgence... NOT Compulsion" in which LaVey advocates rational self-interest over mindless compulsive hedonism.

As for why Satan? Because LaVey recognized man's need for ceremony, for a religion that served his carnal nature. Satan represents this true nature of man, and the Satanist is the person who accepts this.

""Satanism is based on a very sound philosophy," say the emancipated. "But why call it Satanism? Why not call it something like 'Humanism' or a name that would have the connotation of a witchcraft group, something a little more esoteric - something less blatant."   
There is more than one reason for this. Humanism is not a religion. It is simply a way of life with no ceremony or dogma. Satanism has both ceremony and dogma. Dogma, as will be explained, is necessary. "
 









 From Kevin Slaughter:  

The equal symbol is not "owned" by any specific group of people, though various egalitarian groups/professional and voluntary victims have adopted it.
The "NOT EQUAL" symbol is used as a rejection of egalitarianism, and has been used/promoted by various Satanists for decades. I printed up a bunch of "NOT EQUAL" symbol stickers in the late 90's/early 00's, as an example.

There is some incessant whining on a post promoting ASP Apparel design featuring the symbol. The majority of them can be summed up as "gays use the equal symbol, so using an unequal symbol is (or could be viewed as) anti-gay.

To imply that the Church of Satan itself, or a product it promotes is somehow "against gays" is to forget 50 years of Church of Satan history in favor of some knee-jerk reaction -- or worse, fear that someone may misunderstand you based on what amounts to a desperate attachment to small-minded jingoism, one most favored by those who fall into the camp of "Social Justice Warriors."

I would like to steal a few quotes from one of my favorite defacto Satanists, Benjamin DeCasseres:

"Curious that the uplift movement never raises the level of anything except human stupidity." 

"There exists a 'general good.' It provides for the comfort and well-being of the greatest number of idiots at the expense of brains, culture and character." 

"A catchwordSocialism, Progress, Democracyhas saved many a man from the gutter. A sublime enthusiasm differs in no respect from the exaltations of opium and alcohol, though the dreamer is infinitely more dangerous and asinine than the dipsomaniac and drug fiend. The drunkard enslaves himself only; the dogmatic enthusiasts always end by enslaving others. There is no maniac comparable to an active idealist."

"Discrimination is that fine sense that places the dead fish in one pile and the maggots that feed on them in another."

"What we call social justice is merely the machinery by which we regulate theft." 









 http://i.imgur.com/pevSPn4.gifv 




 Yes, Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Using LaVey's system many of us Satanists who are interested in ritual magic study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation. This is all in a material and carnal context and does not require any spiritual or cosmological beliefs.   
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 The psychological power that can come from the use of politically charged imagery is not lost on us. My intent merely to point out the accuracy of the accusation within the context of ASP Apparel and Satanism itself. Whether or not it's a good or evil, right or wrong, is entirely subjective.  









 I have this on DVD and played it for a few friends in my home theater a few months ago. Incredibly poignant on the big screen. 




 As a non-Caucasian who has personally worked with ASP I can say that Nazism is one of the last things he cares for. He is certainly interested in heathen symbolism and a certain militant-bombastic flair, but I doubt Nazis would be happy about a line of clothes that celebrate the inherit anti-Christianity of Judaism. One of my favorite memories with ASP clothing is after performing in Germany I spotted a concert attendant wearing the Christ Killer shirt and a big Star of David. Spoke to him after noticing it, he was an atheist IDF soldier and Satanist. We had drinks and had a great time. A Hispanic and a Jew walk into a German bar and talk about Israeli firearms, while wearing clothes from ASP. How Satanic is that. 



















 Don't get your panties all moist. Relax.  




 Sure, I'll dance again. The most common critique of LaVey's philosophy is it's non-universality. "If all people were Satanists then..."  We don't ascribe to that. Satanism applies to Satanists and benefits Satanists. LaVey's early work was a little more optimistic, but this diminished over time and can be observed in his later work. 




  But the "real politik" of the situation puts you at odds with the vast majority of people who will ever support you as a Satanist.  

That's completely fine by me. I have no interest in being supported *as a Satanist*. I only care about the particular issue.  

If we're talking about a Satanist Movement, then, you'd be doing more harm then good.  

I believe OP was interested in a Satanist Movement. Outside of a specific set of circumstances, I'm not.   

The vast majority of the people you say you'd give money to also want to make sure people like us never have a voice.   

Ok. But if they're executing our goals then what's the problem? Identity and validation?   

The rest of them are Libertarians who don't have a voice at the moment, and probably won't for a few generations  

But forming a united Satanic Lobby that has the ear of influential public figures, even at a local level, is more likely to happen sooner? We're just speculating here but I think certain Libertarian or Libertarian-influenced policy makers have made great strides in issues that are of interest to me and other Satanists.  

So give away your money to the wind with no advancement of your cause or your own personal power  

What do you think my causes are? Groups I've supported have lobbied for the removal of the 10 day wait for firearms purchases, of which there's a hearing for in late April. ATF director has been replaced and there's push back on the proposed ban of green-tip M855/SS109 5.56 ammunition, which would raise the prices of other common AR-15 ammunition. Unions and social welfare programs are feeling economic and political pressure. Voter ID laws are being upheld. More and more states are legalizing and collecting taxes on marijuana. All of this is progress in my book, so I'm sitting pretty happy. Still much to be done. 

 if you fuck with the rest of us for your personal identity, you'll get what's coming  

Oh, come now. Calm down. Not a good look.  

I also doubt the only common ground would be separation of Church and State. That is a really lazy statement. 

Eh. I suppose gay marriage and reproductive rights (even though LaVey made a case for a Pro-Life Satanist, instead promoting sterilization) might qualify. These are two issues CoS is more actively supporting through existing spheres of influence. Personally, I see such issues as generational, so while we should continue to support it, it's already gained much traction and it's more a matter of current politicians dying off.  

 philosophy about self determination on a personal level  
For the Satanist, sure. Not necessarily universally.

The Satanist should consider if flying the flag does more harm than good for the issue they wish to promote publicly. If more progress can be made clandestinely, then so be it. My ideal Satanic Movement will be one that happens without anyone knowing it.   




 There's no such thing. 




 On August 8th, 1988 several Church of Satan members (at the time) and non-CoS members held a concert in celebration of the Manson killings 19 years prior. In their view the killings marked the end 60's hippie era. The artists used various Satanic symbols, including runes such as the Wolfsangel. The event was not an official CoS event, with LaVey declining his invitation. LaVey distanced himself from the event and several of the participants, and refused to acknowledge Manson, a criminal he despised, as some Satanic hero.  

That said, the Wolfsangel itself is a valid and active Satanic symbol that we use in rituals such as the Rite of Ragnark and Die Elektrischen Vorspiele. 




 8/8/88 was not a CoS event, LaVey intentionally distanced himself from it and did not promote it. 




 [This?](http://www.catholic.org/saints/angels/angelchoir.php) Or not. The ONA was essentially a troll "honey pot" (to use the founders term) used to stir shit up and see who would fall for their nonsense. It unfortunately took a life of its own amongst a small group of angsty teenage metal heads who bought into it. Wouldn't be surprised to see it being monitored in one way or another. 




 Are you searching based on price? Just being realistic, because if 80k used is all you can afford then you may be in for shock once maintenance bills come in. Wouldn't recommend that for a first car. 














 Because someone just mashed up the Satanic Cross with an inverted Yr/Algiz rune (death rune) and a Wolfsangel.  




 A few months ago I witnessed a "Mr. Helpful" just pop up behind a guy doing squats to help him align. Startled him and he nearly dropped the bar behind him. Guy told him, in not so nice terms, to back off. Broke up before gym staff arrived. 




 I've implemented Freshbooks/Freshdesk projects successfully for similar clients (music/record label) and have heard nothing but positive feedback. 









 If you want to contact the Church of Satan you're better off asking the [unofficial Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/thechurchofsatan/). Many of the people posting here are not in the Church of Satan or follow the Church of Satan's philosophy. Asking a public, open Reddit group for the demographics of a specific organization is probably not the best way to get valid research data. If you want more specific information than the unofficial group I linked to PM me. 




 Shot one last time I was in a Vegas range and had me considering adding it to my collection. Seems like the weight counter balances the recoil. 









 Some of our Magisters hold no "jobs" and make little in terms of income, but have beautiful homes and have a wide range of influence in their spheres. We have members who are international celebrities but hold positions lower than newer members. So, no. straight up money or time don't really buy you much. 

Reminds me of an observation I once either read or discussed with someone on the measure of wealth based on what one lacks or yearns for. The lower classes measure wealth based on money. The middle class on education. The upper class on influence and freedom. Not universal, but something I've come to understand and notice from time to time. 




 Ah yes, that's more my liking. Was looking to purchase Fall 2015 but might hold off and put some cash aside for a nicer trim on an XE in 2016 if that's the case. 









 Check the listings here. Looks like some are new productions and ship. http://www.armslist.com/classifieds/search?location=usa category=guns search=wasr+10 posttype=1 sellertype=6 tag=762x39 tag=century-arms tag=rifle 




 Just might unseat the Audi S3 that I had in mind... will have to wait until I can get a test drive.  














  since in practice, when it comes to social and political issues, the differences between the ideologies fade out pretty well. We all want pretty much the same things for how our society is organized, and we should rally around that commonality. It's part of what unites us all as Satanists.  

Disagree. Just being a Satanist, of any sort, is of little consequence to me or the issues I'd support. I would (and have) put my money into a lobbying groups that support cuts to government spending or gun rights faster than an open Satanist group looking to promote liberal social welfare programs (as I've heard some group say they would). I think the one and only common ground would be on separation of Church   State. 




 Did you read the Blanche Barton's essay on revisiting the program? http://churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php 




 Shrug. As with all things, it's all about the results. 




 We already have Satanists involved in politics. No, they are not "openly" Satanic, and being so would be inherently un-Satanic. A realistic Satanic politician would probably campaign as a Christian to gain maximum appeal, but push policies that go against Christian ideals and implementing Pentagonal Revisionism, such as eliminating social welfare, minimizing federal spending, upholding the death penalty, supporting separation of Church and State, and decriminalize drug abuse. Sound familiar? 




 Nice. Will start modding mine after I put a few hundred rounds through it to get a good feel of what I want to do. 




 Elevation is granted based on real-world accomplishments and demonstrations of applied Satanism. We don't care about memorizing quotes, statements or rituals. We want to know how things are going with your career, art, education, or creative projects. I was made Warlock after I took over Radio Free Satan and published articles in print and digital magazines. Years later I was made Reverend after helping with several CoS projects and accomplishing substantial career goals. PM me for details on how to get in touch with Central. 




 I would also say that LaVey was more antitheist than some of the most militant atheists nowadays. He was not happy with just co-existing with other theists, he would have pushed for its complete eradication.    

"Satanism is not just an atheistic stance but a anti-theistic stance. We prefer destruction of mystically-oriented religions through active
opposition rather than simple non-participation. - Secret Life of a Satanist: The Invisible Revolution 




 The relationship between the atheist "community" and LaVey's philosophy has been mixed. While Satanism at its core is functionally atheistic, it goes a step further and posits that man himself is a god. LaVey was hesitant of using the word "atheist", since that would be the complete rejection of god or godhood, which isn't exactly the Satanic perspective. Each Satanist is his/her own subjective god, and this isn't something taken lightly. One may even project or communicate with this god during ritual (keeping in mind that this is purely a materialistic psychological, mental exercise, not a spiritual one).    

That's where many capital "A" Atheists tend to breakaway, especially within online communities where Atheism is taken more as a social cause and strongly held identity that not only includes a disbelief in deities but also disbelief in things like the supernatural or psi, which do not necessitate the belief in deities or spiritualism.  

What's funny is while many of those Atheists on the ground level, such as forum commentators, have a hard time with Satanism, we at the Church of Satan have long had strong ties and relationships with Atheist/Secular organizations at a high level, including members and associates. For example, we held our 6/6/6 Satanic Mass at the headquarters for the Center of Inquiry in Los Angeles. We've had High Priest Peter Gilmore on [Point of Inquiry](http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/), Magister Kevin Slaughter has presented at several seminars as part of SkeptiCamp and Center of Inquiry, and we've co-promoted with the American Atheists on issues such as separation of Church   State. We've also had various members on university atheist radio stations and newspapers. 




 It's the same media that keeps referring to civilian AR's as "automatic machine guns".  









 Great work! 









 Everyone here should continue this discussion with their favorite barista at their next visit to Starbucks. 




   It has NOTHING to do with Classic Satanism / Theistic Satanism  

Sure, because no such thing exists. I'm sorry, but academics and occultists have looked and there has not been an established philosophy, religion, or doctrine called **Satanism** prior to LaVey. The best people have been able to come up with are various unorthodox Christians (who would not considered themselves Satanists), pagans (again, would not have considered themselves Satanists), and blasphemous non-believing poets. And in each case they were small flashes in the pan. Funny, how many threads have there been on this sub asking for primary texts or sources for Theistic Satanism? I think I see one at least once a month. And what's the usual response? At best, a link to a webpage that doesn't source any primary texts and hasn't been updated in 20 years. But usually something along the lines of "theistic satanism is a personal pursuit, you make your own path and private relationship with blah blah blah..." In other words, there's no tradition, just look for stuff in any religion that sounds evil and make shit up and claim that as some form of legitimate "spirituality". 
 




 Boo hoo. Nobody cared back in the 1990's and even fewer people care now.  

The whole Satanic Bible plagiarization claim is old news. Yes, LaVey borrowed from other writers. Big deal. He didn't hide any of this. In the early days of the Church of Satan LaVey showed his copy of Might is Right to his close friends and it was no secret that he was influenced by it. He included a Redbeard in his list of dedications in the first printing (To: Ragnar Redbeard, whose might is right). Big fucking whoop.  

As for LaVey "paraphrasing" Rand, that's such a stretch that it's hilarious. He was influenced by Rand, of course. He took bits and pieces of Galt's rambling speech and turned them in Satanic words of wisdom. Great!  

And no, he didn't get his Enochian from Crowley, he got it from John Dee. And he actually changed that around to fit the Satanic feel as well. In fact, one can say Crowley "borrowed" it more directly from Dee. Someone call the fact checker!  

As from Zeena   Schreck's bullshit, that stuff was dismissed as obviously slander. What's not mentioned is that at the time of the publication Zeena   Schreck were struggling to get control of the Church of Satan and its assets, so they conjured up as much dirt as they could, true or false. Much of it false, with key people rejecting those claims (Karla, Stanton, and even Zeena herself would later recall things differently). Was LaVey the perfect husband and father? Probably not. But that doesn't take away from his philosophy, or even the character that he was. 




 Friendly dog goes up to one cop and gets petted, goes to greet the other cop who's scared of his own shadow and murders him point blank.  









 Here's a fun exercise. Replace your logic for the dog's breed with a human race and see how that sounds.  

No, [pit bulls are not known to be any more unpredictable than any other dog](http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/pit-bulls-safety?page=3). That's just ignorant fear mongering. They cannot just easily take off a man's arm.  




 I think there's been a lot of progress made by Satanists and non-Satanists in the AI/Robotics industry. I look forward to future developments.  









 I've been stopping into just about every shop in San Diego and [Honey Badger Firearms](https://honeybadgerfirearms.com) is by far the best. It's not a storefront yet, the owner Gio rents an office within a mechanic shop where you meet up with him by appointment. You can check his inventory via the webpage or Armslist. His prices are the lowest in the area and is dedicated to customer service. When I picked up my rifle he showed me how to properly field strip it, clean it, and attached the sling. He even replaced the bullet button (side switch instead of underneath) for no charge.  




 Here's an article by Blanche Barton on education and schooling:   

[Mandatory Education: Teaching Pigs To Sing](http://churchofsatan.com/mandatory-education.php) 




 Here are some helpful articles from Church of Satan Priestess Lydia Gage from her Satanic Parenting magazine (out of print)   

[IGNOR/ance: the Root of the Problem](http://churchofsatan.com/ignorance-root-of-problem.php)   

[Encouraging Magical Concepts](http://churchofsatan.com/encouraging-magical-concepts.php) 




 Don't need to get into a sociological/political tangent, but I wouldn't say Hobbes was anthropologically disproven. Much of his criticisms come from socialist/anarchist writers, who seem to ignore that Hobbes would see small clans as lust/carnal concords.   

That said, some Satanists I know would agree and prefer small, well defined and defended clans.  




 Those wars would happen regardless. Whether or not those executing the wars are doing so on Satanic principles is irrelevant. I mean, ideally, sure, but that won't happen any time soon. 









 The way I see it, Satanism is a tool. You use Satanism to accomplish other things in the real world. The Satanic Bible is the owners manual. Some people already know how to use the tool, they've got an natural talent for it. Others need a primer, and beginners guide. But once they got that down, they'll move on and build things of great person value.  

Peter Gilmore addresses this paradox in this interview: [The Church of Satan, and the paradox of individualist religion](http://www.churchofsatan.com/paradox-of-individualist-religion.php)  

"Satanism empowers Satanists to be the center of their own subjective universe, their own gods so to speak, so it is their personal values and desires motivating their activism or any other pursuits, not Satanism itself. It is important to note that Satanism is not a cause, rather it is a set of principles that serve as a tool for each Satanist to get the most out of life. So activism in the name of Satanism is meaningless, since there is nothing that can stop one from employing the principles of Satanism as a personal tool for survival and prosperity. "

 




 Hello, Church of Satan Reverend here who has studied LaVey's system of magic for several years.  
LaVeyan rituals are purely atheistic, just a form of psychodrama...   
  
In many cases, yes, LaVey's Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Using LaVey's system many of us Satanists who are interested in ritual magic study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation.   

I don't understand what he means when I say I lack respect and that I'm naive.   

From a Satanic perspective, I would ask; do you have any guilt or doubts? Ouija boards are often projections of your own fears and desires, either conscious or subconscious. Take it from there. 









 Kind of useless to determine what's "correct" when it comes to Enochian. The Golden Dawn system by MacGregor Mathers was a re-interpretation from Dee's source, which was inconsistent and disorganized at best. LaVey used the Keys because of the psychological, dramatic impact they would have on the practitioner (he confirms this in his forward to "Might is Right"). From a Satanic perspective, it doesn't matter if the Enochian is "accurate", it only matters that it works (drives bio-adrenal energy). What difference does it make if the language you use is accurate if you don't believe in the the beings that this language is said to communicate with?  




 My stomach loves you for this thread. My wallet, not so much. 









 The symbol is the alchemical symbol for sulfur/brimstone, which LaVey incorporated. The nonsensical "prayer" is overlayed on John Dee's Sigillum Dei, which was a Sigil used to communicate with/control Angels, only if you have a divine connection with God.   

So this doesn't make a whole lot of sense and serves only to act spooky and ignorant.  

Correction: /u/mindmaster064 is right, this is Frater Achad's personal sigil, not the Sigillum Dei. That said, the idea is similar, communication with angels, etc. 




 As someone whose cat was also a door darter I'm relieved to hear the good news. We've trained our little guy by giving him a treat at his favorite sitting spot before we go out. When entering we open the door slowly, if he's peeking out we jingle the keys loudly and scoop him up.  Over time he now rarely comes out to the door and is easily handled. 




 How do you talk with people about your beliefs when you know they don't have the same one? Do you talk with people about it at all?  

I don't. The only people that know about my beliefs are other Satanists or people who are already familiar with Satanism. And even then I very rarely talk *about* Satanism directly. It's an understood common ground. But we will talk about movies, music, art, books, guns... all of which are influenced by our Satanism, so there is that indirect connection.   

Remember the First Satanic Rule:  
 Do not give opinions or advice unless you are asked.  

Match that with the understanding that you have no obligation to be "honest" with strangers or people who will give you a hard time. 



















 You're not going to find any temples of "Lucifer" in biblical times because there was no such thing as "Lucifer" in those times. Current ideas about Lucifer being the Fallen Angel actually comes from a typo. The original King James translation of the Hebrew  (Isaiah 14:12), which means "shining one, morning star", was translated to "lucifer" in about 1604, lowercase, not a proper noun. This was an error and was corrected in later translations. In reality a lucifer was someone was brought light or knowledge. Jesus was called "a lucifer", John the Baptist was a lucifer. So it was a descriptive term, much like the Hebrew word "satan" was a term used to describe an enemy or adversary, not a proper noun. So the original Isaiah 14:12, which is the source of the whole Judeo-Christian mythology of a man, who rises like the morning star, to overseat the throne of god, and fails, was actually a reference to a real-life Babylonian king, most likely Nebuchadnezzar II, **not an angel or being**. ([source](http://books.google.com/books?id=Yf-BVeN6TbIC pg=PA34 lpg=PA34 dq=Dempsey+%22king+remains+obscure%22 hl=en#v=onepage q=Dempsey%20%22king%20remains%20obscure%22 f=false)) So if you were to go back to biblical times and start talking about Lucifer people would look at you funny and say, oh you mean the local teacher? Huh? (Edit: Actually, in biblical times they would have no idea what you were talking about as that word did not exist at all. My scenario would fit in the 1600's when the King James Version was being made). It was only much later, such as the King James Only movement, that Lucifer was made a proper noun and identified with the figure of Satan. Then came the *fictional* works of Paradise Lost and Inferno that expanded on the allegorical symbol of Lucifer. **So I repeat, "Lucifer" did not, at all, exist in any way shape, form, or idea, in biblical times.**

Trivia: a famous early Christian bishop was named Saint Lucifer of Cagliari. His followers were called Luciferians, they were devout, fanatical Christians who opposed Arianism. Arianism was heretical form of Christianity that rejected the holy trinity. You could say Luciferians were the original fundamentalist Christians, and they have nothing to do with our current idea of Lucifer/Occultism/Satanism.  




 As the FAQ states, the Church of Satan is open to the possibility of magic as a naturally occurring carnal phenomenon. That said we do not require our members to "have faith" or even interest in this topic, as we prefer interested individuals to experiment themselves and remain skeptical.  




 Surely a religion that claims godlessness and earthliness has no need for theistic rituals and invocations.  

Who said anything about those being theistic rituals and invocations? LaVey's system of magic requires no belief in any external gods, devils, demons, spirits, etc. All experiences, if any, are subjective and even LaVey himself stated that even in his most powerful workings any personal manifestations are purely the externalization and visualization of his own ego and material/carnal desires.   

"I have this awareness that the objectification is in accord with my own ego. Im not deluding myself that Im calling something that is disassociated or exteriorized from myself the godhead. This Force is not a controlling factor that I have no control over. The Satanic principle is that man willfully controls his destiny; if he doesnt, some other mana lot smarter than he iswill. Satan is, therefore, an extension of ones psyche or volitional essence, so that that extension can sometimes converse and give directives through the self in a way that thinking of the self as a single unit cannot. In this way it does help to depict in an externalized way the Devil per se. The purpose is to have something of an idolatrous, objective nature to commune with. However, man has connection, contact, control. This notion of an exteriorized God-Satan is not new." [Monologue from John Fritschers Popular Witchcraft by Anton Szandor LaVey (1973)](http://www.churchofsatan.com/interview-popular-witchcraft.php)  

[Also from the Church of Satan FAQ on rituals:](http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php)  
WHAT IS A SATANIC RITUAL?

Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery.

However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working.

Rupert Sheldrake, a biologist, has spent many years exploring the extended mind and has solid statistical evidence that there indeed does exist a mechanism in nature that could be used for such ends. His many books are fascinating and worth investigating.

We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information.
 














 Undefiled wisdom, indulgence, vital/carnal existence, the balance of love   hate, bringing vengeance on your enemies, responsibility for your actions, rational self-interest and elitism.  

["What does Satanism mean to you?" (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0) 




 Dimitri posted a direct response to the news. Seems to be getting a better reception than the PR release from a few days ago.  http://aresarmor.com/store/NewsArticle/Letter-to-Customers 




 Looks like this happened sometime after Jastin's death ([source](http://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/2li47v/thank_you_for_your_help_unfortunately_marine_gun/)). There's a lot of financial, emotional, psychological pressures on Dimitri and I hope this helps ease some of it. 














 /r/satanism 




 I've had some experience with Voodoo many years ago, and found it... interesting and dangerous. Warlock Kenaz Filan is an extremely experienced Voodoo practitioner and wrote the following article on [Satanism and the Afro-Caribbean Traditions](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-afro-caribbean-traditions.php) 




 From Secret Life of a Satanist:  
 Indeed, far from preaching sexual or political anarchy, LaVey describes his goal as the creation of a
police state in which the weak are weeded out and the achievement-oriented leadership is permitted to pursue the mysteries
of black magic. 




 I don't see much of an issue here from a moral point of view. The only issue is matter of convenience. That aside, the Satanist should be able to embed itself into such a system and maneuver themselves around such obstructions. How non-Satanists feel or are affected is not much of a concern. Actually, LaVey advocated this because it would lead to the weeding out of the weak amongst the masses, and at the same time give the herd the kind of state it so much wants and yearns for.  




 "In fact, honestly, from the atheistic perspective, what exactly is the difference between Satanism and Humanism aside from aesthetics?"  

This is like saying, well what's the difference between Islam and Mormonism? Both believe in a higher power and established religious laws. The only things Satanism shares with Humanism is the goal of a secularized government and using rationality as the basis for decision making. That's it. Core to humanism is the belief in distributive justice, altruistic morality, and building human communities based on objective ethics. This is not Satanic, at all. For example, a humanist would see human life as objectively valuable, to be preserved at all costs. A Satanist would say no, the value of life is subjective to the individual, and can be measured in terms of productivity, creativity, and strength of will. And it's up to them to defend it. Eugenics is a core goal of Satanism, something incredibly taboo in the Humanist worldview. 




 Honestly, either you've communicated with some pretty lousy Satanists (600 club being a hotbed of that) or you're just not content with the answers provided. I'll address your points but it's clear to me that there are some fundamental first principles we will disagree on.  

"But, Satanism and people's connotations and understanding of Satanism existed well before 1966. It has always meant someone who aligns with, works with, or in some cases "worships" Satan."  
You say this as a given. It's not. There are [numerous](http://www.academia.edu/2050005/The_Devil_s_Party_Satanism_in_Modernity) [religious](http://www.academia.edu/2768697/2008._Rites_of_Autonomy_An_Examination_of_the_Rituals_of_the_Church_of_Satan_Undergraduate_Honours_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University) [academics](https://books.google.com/books?id=f1t_BAAAQBAJ) writing [extensively](http://www.academia.edu/2540808/2012._Satanists_and_Scholars_A_Historiographic_Overview_and_Critique_of_Scholarship_on_Religious_Satanism_Master_s_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University) about the history of Satanism as a mobilized movement and this is not an entirely agreed upon claim. Did the terms "Satanism" and "Satanist" exist prior to 1966? Absolutely. But under what context? Almost entirely it's been used as a condemnation, a derogatory term against those who go against the religious norms or orthodoxy of the time and place in which it's being used. Cathars, Gnostics, Catholics, and Protestants were called Satanic or Satanists, does that make it so? Then of course the Jews were considered Devil Worshipers, along with any indigenous pagan cultures. Even in those rare cases where someone openly considered themselves a "Satanist" or Devil Worshiper, they always operated under existing theological paradigms. A "Satanist" was merely a witch, pagan, or someone interested in the occult. That's all, and always it's still calling for the angels, the power of Christ, etc. Whenever the Devil or demons were conjured, it was for material, carnal rewards, but *always* fell back on salvation, outside of fictional works. And then there are those who other people called "Satanic" but they themselves rejected the term as an insult (Crowley, Blavatsky, etc.). Even the most ardent scholar that has tried come up with an established historical Satanism prior to LaVey has had to give on this: LaVey's philosophy was the very first to openly and proudly formalize a religious paradigm called Satanism that exists on its own. It has its own aesthetics, rituals, dogmas, doctrines, culture,  metaphysics, and traditions.  From "Contemporary Esotericism" by Egil Asprem, Kennet Granholm (from the Gnostica academic series of papers and publications): "LaVey has described how he looked for Satanists before founding the Church of Satan, but did not find any. This is similar to how Graham Harvey speculates that Gerald Gardner searched for "traditional Witches", but without much success. Eventually, after the founding of Wicca, others stepped forward and proclaimed they, unlike Gardner, were in fact truly traditional Witches. Exactly the same thing happened in the case of Satanism."

"If one does not believe in Satan..."  
We do, as the balancing force of nature, and as the externalized projection of our Egos, that if powerful enough, may be projected in the minds of others. Our Satan goes back to the original Hebrew term, which was bastardized by the Christians. 

"metaphysics..." We do have our metaphysics. I don't think you understand the term, as it doesn't necessarily involve "spirituality". We have quite a few members in the hierarchy of the Church of Satan interested in exploring the metaphysical works of Heidegger, and topics such as metaphysical naturalism (yes, I'm aware of the conflicts between naturalism and Dasein, and this is something worth pondering).  

"By identifying as a Satanist, you are CHOOSING to be misunderstood, aren't you?" Maybe for now, even though this is becoming less and less of an issue. "The first hundred years are the toughest". Consider this, Christianity took over 200 years before it became a barely accepted term. We're looking long term, very long term.

LaVey didn't spend time defending his philosophy in his books, he spent that time establishing and expanding on it. His interviews covered this more thoroughly, and he also delegated that responsibility to Reverends in the Church of Satan. 




