




 A look at japan and its suicide rate, one of the highest in the developed world. Worth reading but obviously be warned. 









 might just wait for the film 




 damn I am drinking my gin with aldi diet lemonade 









 sadly old news 




 I love egg salad 




 It really doesn't. It's pretty much identical to the rest of reddit. 

 There seem to be a lot of people here who only go on /r/soccer and one or two other subreddits, avoiding the defaults entirely.

That is not unique. 

I know what it is about.

 If the /r/soccer mods don't share those grievances then why would they shut it down?

Already explained several times. Solidarity, make the voice of the admins across reddit heard, and as it seems as this thing expands a bit the users who are obviously pissed as well.

Burying head in the sand is all this is.

And I am not even talking about fully dark, just 12 hours, or even allow discussion about it instead of yanking posts. 


 




 If you know why then why are you not participating as well?

Even if only for a short time?

 We have no reason to go dark.

Yes you do. I already explaining it to you.

  None of the defaults have asked us for solidarity

Shouldn't need to.

 we have no issue with the admins.

That doesn't change a single sausage.  




 taking my ball etc etc

jesus 




 Seems to be one of many, but you still haven't answered my question, why did you not go dark at all?  Or even investigate why so many defaults have done so? 




 Response to the comment thread in general. Other user talking about internet anarchists.  Not really the issue so stop getting off track. 

I understand irrational hive internet warriors complaining but this is not that.

 




 it is about reddit and /r/soccer is a part of reddit and your account and your opinions and voice are too

thinking you are special and an island and above the rest of us is cringe

grow up 




 no it is an issue for the whole of reddit

look at /r/all now

you think that is angry teenagers complaining?

sigh

also good job responding to questions, well done
 




 
You have no idea what is going on do you?

SRD top post I think has a lot of the info

Go read and then when you have some information come back 




 You are not separate in any way.

Grow up. 




 12 hours and they'll be back

things are getting trippy, why so many people are complaining  




 obviously yes, but this will be removed and mods dont seem to want to explain why

really disturbing

 




 Hive mentality. Some loud people spoke the rest have to maintain their geezer image.

But that really is getting off topic.

Point is people should, and the mods should have went dark for at least 12 hours 

Not doing so is cowardice  




 Or they are pretending they don't, which is very likely, but either way I am shocked that mods didn't take some action.

 




 No I said you are pathetic for ignoring what is going on with the very website you use.

Burying your head in the sand.   




 Bullshit. Fucking snowflakes on here thinking they are special is no different to the rest of reddit. 




 Yes it is. Stop thinking you are separate from the rest of reddit is hysterical. 




 Yes it is, one run by volunteers etc etc etc

 




 Not really the point of what is going on. People on here seem to be talking about it without knowing the facts. 




 This is one of the funniest things I have seen on reddit ever.

Funniest or scariest I am not sure.

No, it isn't. 

Please tell me ye don't actually believe this. 

And the flat out bullshit comments about not knowing what is going on and all of that. 


 




 srd has loads of posts on it explaining it in detail 




 why not? 




 beer 




 No it isn't. Not at all 




 I love the fact you have completely ignored the main point of my response

 your transfer news on reddit... which at the moment has long standing problems that need to be dealt with

So if you do have other accounts and have been here a while you should know what is going on and why the mods are pissed off and that this is not just about someone being fired

of course you would know that wouldn't you

instead your response is I don't care what goes on I just want my transfer news

that's pretty pathetic  




 most people on here think this is just about someone being fired

and they also seem to think this sub and its users are somewhat special snowflakes separate from the rest of reddit

 




 some places reporting what had happened

but again this is not just about her being fired, if anyone on here bothered to read up about it

jesus christ like 




 your transfer news on reddit... which at the moment has long standing problems that need to be dealt with

2 month old account as well

christ

 




 they'll get out quickly  




 true true mate 




 totally worth 5000 upboats

jesus 




 Interesting look at how one city is combating those who are running off brainwashed to join the fight in the middle east. 
























 Watch rise of the machines backwards and you will be fine. 




 heard ad on the radio there, cant recall hearing one before, with the voiceover mentioinig cameron  




 oh god no, please no, another justification for hacks to defend why it took 4 night courses, 12 how to books and 27 redrafts over 6 years  to finally finish their masterpiece 'Drive Fast' which is totally different to Fast and Furious although it's exactly the same and probably somehow even worse

*'I just need to understand the human condition man...'* 




 bang, nail, head 




 typical pete 




 Maybe leave op have his say or something?

I dunno, just saying 




 wont have a choice in the next generation or two 




 Depends on the price. If it is regulated and at an affordable price the black market will dry up - dealing the drugs is still subject to massive jail times, won't be worth the risk 




 Because they are badly written.

Point me to the last one that had a script that wasn't terminal? 




 it would take a few hours 




 awesome 




 that's fucking hysterical  




 good, thing was a joke 




 fucking cringe on reddit

yeah the majority can't see it because of where they are from

so much cringe

the rest of us are looking at it shaking our heads  




 my face 




 so 90m offer 70 contract?



or what? 




 I change every 6 weeks.

 




 /r/ProduceMyScript might be useful they have many over there

 




 what the fuck is that second sentence about

 




 generic looking as fuck

 




 that's not good 




 aye 




 large or loud?

 




 Why would anyone be against it? Crazy 




 No that is the dawson creek 









 [scary stuff](http://medicine-and-history.wikispaces.com/file/view/smallpox_6.jpg/91285105/smallpox_6.jpg) 




 I really hate when people make absolute statements and then never back it up

I had a terrible experience in a completely chilled environment  




 Tweet him.

 




 He sued my mother for being too intense.  




 time well spent

I heard stamos is litigious as fuck though 




 that's like every birthday I ever had except the box was full of pain 














 his upcoming slots are quite varied 




 dad? 




 you're not going to give him anything are you? 




 I thought he looked promising for a while, before the move to chelsea 









 betrayal is a strong word 




 Did you read what I just wrote?

I just explained it.

Right there.

In the very post you responded to.

 




 Most people who jump on downvoted comments are indeed trying to score karma so yes you probably were. 




 or perhaps because most videos posted with similar titles (irish something doing something) are either comical or tragic?

and I clicked it thinking it will be one of those and instead its just people talking about game development

but go on with the edgy cunt comments, I'm sure you'll reap some karma with that

 




 why was I expecting something tragic? 




 no she is pretty successful  














 lol 




 poor baby 




 man banega  




 great player, honest, works his ass off 




 top kek 




 Godzilla Vs. Kundera  




 you have no idea how hungry I am right now 




 dinosaurs man, dinosaurs  




 yeah I agree, I said he was not a digital age writer, messy but I think it makes sense  




 20 million I hear 




 I liked it when the trucks went explosion 




 maybe if she didn't drink so much... 




 what 




 anyone know the actual fee agreed? 




 PRICE? 




 I think both of ye have points.

For me it is the constant nature of the updates, the almost immediate call and response.

When there was time between such things I think someone in a certain mindset could focus better and do their own thing.

Now half the time you feel like giving up because you heard X Y and Z already did it. 




 Not sure but man did they unleash the hate 




 I posted something from there recently and got a torrent of abuse with links 




 everything is an internet success  




 it's grand 




 isn't Latino-Review  notoriously bullshit a lot of the time? 




 Yeah no 




 hello 




 Don't bother. Guy is circlejerk as far as I can see, although I think he actually believes all the nonsense he is saying.

I gave a coherent polite response, he basically in our conversation has now tried to dismiss it twice, ignored it when I responded to his concerns (had to do it again and repeatedly ask him if there were any more), and failed to bring up any relevant points

then I  watched as the conversation lead to a fixation on the word 'junk', to some attempt at entering a philosophical convo about the nature of knowing, and then onto the easy dismissal of both of us being too tired.

Bizarre creature. 

Scary thing is I think he really believes he is not just iamverysmart he actually believes he is having a brilliant discussion on reddit and just destroying everyone.

Avoid.  




 Yeah I am.

Downvotes, hiding, negative karma, eomtional aspects, delays, all parts of downvoting.

 Man you really need some rest. 

No I am pretty sure everything I said was perfectly coherent and correct.


 




 No I am pretty confident in my posts. More so - 100%.

 




 I'm proposing removing the downvotes, that was the very first thing I said.

And downvotes and hiding go hand in hand.

WTF man.



 




  And is that going to change when all people have is upvotes? 

Yes, I already explained this.

 The posts which go against the hive for example will still be visible without having to click anything, not get downvoted into negatives, which hides them, and if a low karma user can subject them to that delay in posting.

I already said this. 





 




 No, it is impossible. That is a fact of life. No one can truly know what another feels and thinks. 

But again, it's got nothing to do with my ideas about removing downvotes.

  I wrote a lengthy reply there.

The long response? Yeah it doesn't address my points at all.

 I wouldn't call it "criticism" as I haven't heard of a single decent proposed alternative. Without a suggestion, it's not criticism, it's just (to put it bluntly) whining.

I gave you one, showed how it works, showed the benefits, and answered your concerns.

I really don't understand what you are looking for.





 




 Yes to an extent. 

I am more concerned with the negatives, take /r/movies for example, go and give a 200 word post about how you think QT is shallow and you will get downvoted, an innocuous comment about Marvel will get you downvoted etc

 I suppose part of my issue is that removing downvotes means we can't downvote these things to help get actual commentary to the top, but that's already not happening. 

IMO the hive is too strong 




 Do I trust the mods. Statistically, over the hive, I would say yes.

I have mentioned a true appeal system on reddit before. I'd love to see one in place. 

 And to what end? What's really bad about the current system? All you provided was the adjective "junk".

What is wrong is that perfectly fine opinions are constantly getting downvoted because the hive disagrees with them.

In essence, using your terminology, they are being 'punished' for expressing their genuine opinion, because the hive does not agree with their POV.

We are not talking about anything offensive or anything like that, just a genuine opinion expressed cleanly - that is what I am talking about.

But I've already said that as well. So I am confused as to why you accused me of just saying 'junk'.

I think my point has been quite clear from the start. Removing downvotes so that peoples genuine opinions which go against the hive remain and are not 'punished' by the hive.

 




 But it's impossible. So instead you concentrate on the results of  rather than knowing the actual reasons.


It happens, what can we do about it - that's what we are talking about.

Put that aside, it really is not the issue.

I cannot truly know why another person does anything.

but - I do know that plenty of perfectly sound opinions are downvoted in certain threads as they go against the hive.

That's all I can work with.



You said I supposedly didn't answer your concerns - I showed you again my answers (which were already in the thread.)

I'm confused as to what you are trying to get at.

And I am being polite as hell about it so can you please explain have I dealt with your questions about the downsides of no downvotes? or where there others?

Because your responses now seem to be pushing towards the philosophical  




  Removal (by mods) work, but that's
Placing a lot of burden on the mods, and

 Not really punishing the poster, because deletion does nothing to your profile.

This is what I got. Is this what you are referring to?

Mods - that is their job, and they can get more if needed, already addressed that.

" If more mods are needed get them, it's not a paid position, plenty of willing people."

Yeah downvotes used as punishments... eh, yeah back to my original point -

"The reddit hive cannot be trusted to act reasonably, especially not about emotive topics."


So in fact I had already addressed both of these in the thread.

Is there some post I am missing ?

I'm trying to meet you half way here.  




 Yes, why would anyone ever try to explain the personal motivations of why anyone does anything? It is impossible.

No one can truly know the intentions of another.

 No, it's okay. Like I said, I'm fine with the discussion ending here.

I politely asked you to. Please, for my own sake. 




 Track it down and ring the number on it is best bet

I heard there is some public nuisance thing but everyone says the guards do fuck all

 




 And yet after X number of hours it is supposed to be public nuisance under new laws? 




  So you refuse to acknowledge the reason other people upvote things

No I didn't, I never mentioned it.

This is not really up for argument. I didn't once mention anyones reasons for upvoting anything.

I said they routinely upvote 'junk' as you call it. I never mentioned why they did anything. It would be pointless.



 I gave you one,

I'm just out of a day long boring coding class and my eyes are tired -  sorry do me one small favour and just point me to it
 




 Because reddit is mainly 15 year olds who have never been in a relationship over 6 months 




  So you refuse to acknowledge the reason other people upvote things, and just dub those as "junk", 

No I didn't.

Never once approached it.

 and you refuse to acknowledge there might be downsides to your proposal?

There aren't. 

All it does is allow everyone the equal voice of 1 upvote and no downvoted into negatives which hide the comment and if you are a newish user start the ridiculous delay process which prevents you from posting often.

Any site rule breaking content will be reported and removed by mods. If more mods are needed get them, it's not a paid position, plenty of willing people. In fact the inability to downvote certain comments in a thread could lead to them being ignored more often, as many people go to the negatives first to read the nasty comments.

There are absolutely no negatives in my idea.

If you can think of one I'd love to hear it. 


 




 Good. Disgraceful incident.  




 You already did. They upvote the equivalent of 'first' to the top.

There are no downsides. All it does it prevent things from being downvoted into the negatives and hidden. If they are against site rules they are reported and removed by mods. If they are fine but go against the hive they remain in view.

Nothing else to it.  




 Looks pretty shit. Wait for the film. But looks very stylish and light hearted

 




 About what?

Guy did like two bank jobs and got knocked up. 




 Great actor.

 




 The reddit hive cannot be trusted to act reasonably, especially not about emotive topics.

They routinely upvote junk to the top, and routinely downvote peoples opinions because they disagree with them. Some try the old 'you didn't explain yourself properly' bullshit line so they can feel superior about the fact they are one of the hive but that's about it.

That will never change. 

Only solution is to remove the ability to do so.

 




 Remove downvotes completely. I don't think it is possible though. 

No downvoting into negatives to hide comments which in turn attracts the hive to automatically downvote and brings out the downvote trolls who comment or insult just to get upvotes themselves.

All opinions unless blatantly against site rules should remain.

 




 interesting idea 




 This is pretty much the first shower thought that hit home.

 




 Guy should be banned for a year  




 Nice to see this instead of the braindead iamsosmart justification of that festival in china.  




 Reddit in general. check our /r/flicks if you want some decent non intensive movie stuff 




 vidal fingered a guys ashole? 




 THOR 2 




 nICE? 









 That guy should be shamed. I'd pull the team from the competition. 




 cherry crabbies? never seen before 




 So right. These interchangeable directors, who are they? I check their IMDBs and barely recognise things until boom they got a huge film. 

So I go check above. Oh yeah he did that film 20 years ago which was okay. Then some crap and tv and then he got thor. 

Are the studios so confident they don't require anyone with a vision because of their involvement? Do they just get a blank slate to come in and direct their product? Because that is what it feels like.

The scripts are just well I dunno. 

Jurassic World was the same. The Avengers is getting there.

 




