 If only there were already a comment here where I said what the difference was. If only if only.  




 Huh. Where I come from there's a strong difference. Redheads can have darker skin tones. The only requirement to being a redhead is having red hair. Ginger is a subcategory found within the redhead group. Gingers have pale skin, freckles, and very very red hair. They sunburn easily and have no souls. 

Source for the lack of ginger souls: Eric Cartman  




 Damn. And here I thought I was being original.  




 Why did Sally fall off the swings? 

Because she had no arms. 


"Knock knock"

"Who's there?"

Not Sally  




 Way I heard it was with Sherlock Holmes. And his line was "because you're ugly as fuck"  




 Game of thrones. Shit you not I've seen the entire first two seasons in one sitting so far today. I need more hobbies.  




 You sick fuck  




 Follow someone around and keep unzipping their pants. Make sure that fly is always down.  




 Deeeedoooo dodeedeeedoooo. Doodeedeeeeeeeee 




 Bum bum bum. Buummmm bumbum. Buummm bumbum bumbuuummmm.  




 I can play it on piano :)  




 Red head or ginger? There is a distinction  




 He'll get around to finishing it later  




 Reading. All my life I've scored in the top 1% of the nation for critical reading. It's the only thing I truly excel at.  




 Pigs have orgasms that can last for up to 30 minutes. 

The Allied powers in World War 2 tried to put female hormones in Hitler's food in order to make him more feminine and less capable of leading a war. (looks like they were more sexist back then too) 

Because whales are so large, sometimes a third whale needs to swim underneath two copulating whales to hold them afloat and keep them from sinking. 

Whales are also scientifically proven to be the best wingmen.  




 Because all objects accelerate downward at a constant speed of 9.8 m/s, any animal dropped out of a helicopter would fall at the same speed as the cow. Because a smaller object would have marginally less air resistance, it would fall faster. Therefore, due to physics, a frog dropped out of a helicopter would be faster than a cow.  




 Pobody's nerfect.  




 *cough* Doctor Who *cough cough* 




 Scientifically proven fact  




 What a language!  









