 Shouldn't be necessary to look past the graphics. Team ICO has consistently produced some of the most beautiful games on Sony systems. I doubt this game will be any different. 




 Likewise, people shouldn't dismiss things out of hand when they completely lack context about what they're seeing. Does the actual gameplay in this look incredible, at face value? No, not really. Is it really exciting and full of promise if you are familiar with the structure of previous games from this studio? Absolutely.

At the end of the day, it's an exploration/puzzle game, and short demos of gameplay in a puzzle game are rarely exciting (Portal is the only exception I can think of). As for the graphics, I was surprised how good it looks, having first read so many comments about "PS3-level visuals." It's crisp, running at a high frame-rate, and generally looks very solid. Considering development started on it 10 years ago and it's being adapted to the PS4, it's better than I expected. It looks sort of timeless and very atmospheric, like other games from the company, and that's more than enough to set it apart from the pack.

 




 Thanks for this. I don't understand all the complaints about the visuals. It looks great to me. 




 Witcher 3 looks fantastic, but the hair is silly as hell.  




 Nope. 














 I'm skipping the SOTW flair for this one. During E3 week, it's unlikely anyone would consider this the top story. But, I think it's a tipping point for Kickstarter. 









 I thought ZombiU was really enjoyable. Sorry to see so many people disagree. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that neither Christian nor Jeff would enjoy having their hobby dictated by committee. I want to play the games I want to play, and they're probably the same. They just also talk about it on the internet. 




 Well, to be fair, the main story in Witcher can be sidelined to a large degree, too. There is so much to do around the edges. I've played for between 10-15 hours, at least, and I've not done much with the main narrative. Having said that, it's true that W3 doesn't feel like quite as big a sandbox as Skyrim.

As for the general scaling discussion, I greatly prefer games that don't scale with your character. Part of that is because I enjoy running into a challenge I can't overcome, but an equally important part is the feeling of growth such games achieve. In Skyrim, no matter how powerful your character becomes, everyone else in the world just scales along with you. So, you never really feel particularly powerful. You can't just return to an earlier area and wreck house.

(Well, actually you can, but that's due to the crafting/enchantment/magic systems that Bethesda never seems to get right. At some point, you can worm your way into invincibility, but at that point the game is no longer worth playing.)

In games like Dark Souls or the Witcher, growing more powerful as a character is infinitely more enjoyable, for me, because I can go back to areas that initially gave me trouble and completely lay waste to the (now) low-level grunts. I want an experience that challenges me, thwarts me and, ultimately, rewards me. I don't want an experience that tries to just keep pace with me (and, in Bethesda's case, is destined to fall apart once I reach a certain point, anyway).  




 Yeah, and that's fine. Disagreement is normal. I've only read the books once, but I remember parts of the Dorne storyline being much more exciting than anything that happened on the show. The kidnapping of Myrcella, in particular. It was nail-biting. And there were much more interesting things at stake--rather than a lame "revenge/assassination" excuse, Myrcella was to be set up as the rightful heir to the Iron Throne, provoking a war with the Lannisters. I actually liked the idea of having Jaime and Bronn travel to Dorne, but the season has problems because they had nothing to do once they got there. This is further exacerbated by the fact that the showrunners devoted the lion's share of their budget to other episodes (better for those episodes, worse for Dorne). As it is, Dorne appears to be about the size of someone's back yard, and the populace numbers approximately 10-20. Lame.


As for the remainder of the storylines, the rise of the faith militant and the fall of Cersei was phenomenal in the books. Tense, exciting and full of emotion. The show speeds that plot along at such an insane pace that everyone involved looks pretty stupid (particularly Cersei), and the payoff falls flat. Arya's storyline is similarly botched, with none of the interest or intrigue of the books. And Sansa? I'd rather have her off-screen, biding her time, than serving as a stand-in for whatever rape-of-the-week the showrunners want to throw out there to generate interest.


I agree with you regarding Brienne. Her chapters in the book were difficult and slow. But, at least there was something there to chew on (and a great meet-up with Lady Stoneheart). I don't see how the show has improved matters much. They've completely sidelined her by sitting her down in one spot and then forgetting about her. 


And Dany... as arduous as book-Mereen is, the conclusion of that mess was so redemptive for the character, so transformative, that I was inclined to forgive the missteps along the way. Dany fails in her rule of the city and completely loses herself in the process, and then (in a echo of book 1/season 1), is reborn through her dragons. Her future in the books is so bright, and her character seems prepped to take the world by storm--and it makes sense, because she's had a huge, redemptive arc. In the show? She's a joke as a ruler, fails every step of the way, and now she's flown off on the back of a dragon after a pretty silly and uninspired scene in the fighting pits. Her growth as a character through this same period in the books is completely ignored in the show.

I could go on and on... but as you say, we just disagree. I wanted to share a little bit more, though, since you asked.  




 Dorne is the easiest example that comes to mind. There, the showrunners abandoned pretty much everything on the written page in favor of... what? They created a season-long arc in Dorne out of whole cloth, and it is easily the most boring and pointless fiction ever to take place in the world of AGoT. GRRM's Dorne may have been convoluted and somewhat unsatisfying, but at least it had sparks of life here or there (and some sections that really hummed). HBO-Dorne is the best example of material created by the showrunners without a road map, and they completely messed the bed. Painfully.

Couple that with storylines that have had all the teeth pulled out of them due to the show's manic pacing (i.e., determination to get through 2 books in 10 1-hour episodes of television), and the season is a big disappointment. For me, at least. 
  




