 Getting punched in the eye at 3am while gently slumbering 




 Why is this so far down? Here, have an upvote from 65,000,000 B.C 




 The first is 3. After that its 2 each level applied 




 That looks like a pretty solid possibility! All I've been able to find thus far is a 'plank' of bamboo. Thanks! 




 I managed to find some wooden bookshelf pegs that are exactly the same size and shape as my mekugi, but they feel much softer. I am hoping that Tozando wouldn't commission their iaito parts from Ikea. I'm in the US.  




 Howdy,
   Recently my iaito (Tozando Toryumon series) has had some looseness in two areas. It started with tsuba rattle which I repaired by making an extra seppa out of thin brass sheet and by tapping the inner diameter of the tsuba with a punch. This fixed the problem, though after a couple of days I could feel some looseness between the nakago and tsuka, especially during suburi. I added a thin cardstock shim inside the tsuka which worked for a few days but now the nakago/tsuka looseness is back and is making a creaking sound.

I have consulted my instructor and he is heading to an aikido seminar later this month where there will also be a person who repairs iaito. He will be bringing my iaito with him to be looked at. 

I have stopped using it and it is being looked at by someone with more expertise than I.

That being said, would this nakago/tsuka looseness (And the associated creaking sound) be a result of worn mekugi? It does show visible wear. I cannot for the life of me find replacement mekugi at all, let alone mekugi that I can shape to my specific tsuka/mekugi-ana. All I've been able to find is smoked bamboo stock or "Use a chopstick". I'd rather not use a chopstick or bookshelf pegs, etc. I'd like to stick to smoked bamboo and ensure that I'm not damaging my iaito or creating an unsafe practice space. 

Any leads on where to find decent mekugi? Also any idea what, if not the mekugi, is causing this looseness and creaking?

Thanks! 




 There was an Adams Family cartoon episode about this. It was as awesome as it sounds. 




 Not enough warriors references on reddit 









 Use pool shock. Its typically 36 or so. Cleaned pools for a summer in college. Just be careful not to die when using that stuff. 




 Well that's just, like, your opinion, Man. I exclusively use 12s. 8s make a tiny raincloud in my heart 




 Willa by Stephen King 




 Oh, I know that guy; he's a nihilist. 




 I didn't know it even was a thing... But I guess we fry twinkies here so why not? 




 Pshh, ok Mr. Know it all. 




 I loved American Gods and Neverwhere. I think she'd dig some of his stuff for sure.  




 Its a haul from damriscotta but Weekend Anime in Westbrook has weekly DnD  




 My SO loves Harry Potter (Favorite books) and is trying to find that next book or series to grab hold of her. She hated the violence and gore of ASOIF and isn't big on Lord of the Rings either. Any fun series out there that an adult can relate to but spares extraneous violence, etc? 

EDIT: Thanks for all of the suggestions! I think I am going to take a swing at The Night Circus and maybe even a couple of the others. Who doesn't like options? 




 Upvote for the unsure hands of Clifford Franklin 




 I'm going to have to go with the 'sex scene' in Stephen Kings IT. SPOILER: in the book all six kids seal a pact by taking turns having sex with Bevvy... This scene of eleven-year-olds banging in an underground tunnel is described in all its creepy detail.  




