 autocorrect ? Damnnit, no wonder Google failed me.   




 Yeah, the subs are the GC subs, not your folks.  You're hiring the GC, and that GC is choosing to farm out the work at their risk - and profit.   I  would complain to the GC and let him/her deal with the sub.

 




 you get to have it not display your house number, but it will still display the street and your name.  The default is to display your full name with your full street address, and this is not made obvious before registering, nor are there privacy prompts when logging in.   




 IIRC mine has a toggle system.  




 yep.  not paying that.  ten bucks was cheap enough for me to try one out though.  




 yeah, it's a whole 'nother room.  Am I the only one who finds the attachment points a bit awkward though ?  




 Indian food *is love*.  




 Good Private. Carry on.  




 you can buy them at the station, but you run the risk of not being able to get a ticket for say the next train and may have to wait for a later one.  It's a very nice station however, basically an indoor shopping mall with a food court, interesting retail stores.   




 See fortunately I was able to remember enough about motorcycles to realize they don't require pedaling.   




 Definitely not.  The Loch Ness Monster and Bigfoot are getting dated... we need something new, and that kid could be the one to "discover" it.  




 The cost of flying out is the cheap part.  It's the villa on the beach that gets you. 




 that's hardcore.  free soloing too ?  




 "Holy crap lookout ! Oh, it's animatronic.  I got this." 




 Found [this] (http://www.amputee-coalition.org/inmotion/may_jun_06/motorcycle.html).  Not end of world. A big change, sure.  




 shit, forgot they operate things with their feet.  I was thinking like a bicycle, just using it a mass for balance.  I bet there are prosthetics that operate clutches/gears just fine. 




 With my luck I'd have this great plan full of break even analysis that showed I should wait until I'm X years old to start taking my benefits, and then die at X-1.  

 




  or $50k on a new car every 5
Wow.  Doing this while in debt just strikes me as ... well, narcissistic.  




 Don't know a thing about motorcycles ... are legs so critical to riding that them losing a leg would be any worse than anyone else losing a leg? People do amazing things in prosthetics... 




 Such a shame.  At least on the bright side the world is closer to providing more autonomy in cars to help prevent accidents like that.  




 Wear lightweight breathable clothing, stick to the early mornings or evening (as opposed to mid-day) , be well hydrated. 

also in bad weather I think it makes a lot of sense to keep it closer to home by doing many shorter loops or going back and forth on the trail versus  just like heading 3 miles out, 3 miles back.  That way if you do hurt yourself or have heat problems you're never too far from home.  




 ah  yes, thanks  for the reminder about reservations.  Greenbelt park is *national* ?  I would have never suspected.  




 That's a shame.  I wonder if  she somehow got the gas pedal stuck ? Or if she was going a normal slow speed and just didn't turn in time ?  it looks like the rebar just pulled clean out of the cement....I would hope it would take quite an effort to make that happen. 




 mine wasn't cheap, and they told me straight off they don't repair/replace/anything poles and sent me to that third  party one. 




 I was thinking Patapsco if he called a Friday evening and said "I have 18 hours free, lets camp tonight".   Otherwise definitely Thurmont is about the closest I'd start with.   You're right, the towpath is awesome intro backpacking; straight flat mileage.... it's a rarity around here.  In fact, I may head there for my next one just to be able to clock miles without worrying about busting an ankle. 




 That's a shame, 22 years old. 

  [Here's another article with more details.] (http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/big-daddy-ice-cream-man-killed-kids-watch-maryland-article-1.2258024) 




 Those are aluminum stays and most likely are intended to be bent to custom fit your back.  It's one of the things I love about my old Kelty SlickRock.   Just go online, give Kelty a ring and ask them.  You'll have no problem; if it isn't meant to be bent to shape I'm sure they'll just mail you a new one or let you buy one cheap.  Congrats on the great find and have fun !  




 [I think this pretty much says it all ] (http://www.reddit.com/r/CampingandHiking/comments/38wqfw/ok_be_honest_how_many_folks_have_watched_netflix/) 




 I think the point behind the snarky stylism is that you shouldn't get your n00b experience on a difficult trail in a difficult park. I guess.  




 Lol.  Probably right.  People would be like "yeah, that guy wasn't bad, knew all the words". 
 




 I can't tell either, but just the words "raw meat was a few days old ...then saw this" was creepy enough for me. 




 Relevant : [Look what just hit the front page] (http://phys.org/news/2015-06-france-sale-monsanto-herbicide-roundup.html)  




 well it is a *service* camp, not vacation.   




  but completely bearable "outdoors" smell with a hint of active human underneath. 

Exactly. It's like the smells hit an equilibrium and go "ok, this is good, lets stop here"  




 [Not the worse] (http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary orgid=8032#.VX4kTkbeqGY) I've seen, but you're right - you need to investigate the non-profs and "charitable"orgs without assuming they're actually altruistic.     




 presuming sharpie is for writing pertinent data on your forehead (ok, forearm) and circling and timing inflammation ?  




 LoL. OP is being lured into a chemical labor camp.  




 bummer.  I appreciate the education.  




 Every store bought first-aid kit I've ever seen has been an overpriced glorified assortment of band aids and analgesics.   

Unless you run just an insanely minimalist household and really can't stand the idea of having some commonly used first aid stuff leftover (which my family goes through constantly anyhow) than you can just go to walmart, buy a variety of bandaids, some gauze (2x2's as well as one or two 4x4s is useful), some ointment, some aspirin, ace wrap etc.  Throw it all into a small tupperware or empty food container (my current "medium" kit is in a plastic peanut butter jar and I love it).  And you'll probably actually *still* save money the first time. 

Also, it appears that [snake bit kits] (http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB124208165196508345)aren't [particularly useful](http://tucsonlocalmedia.com/news/article_bb20d85c-d71d-11e4-8ceb-6fcca8f1d7ec.html).   I know I stopped carrying one years and years ago.  I tried it on a bunch of mosquito bites once (Extractor bills it as helping with that too), didn't do a damn thing.  




 If you're in SW Virginia you're in the best area of the entire Maryland/Va region IMO.  You've got SNP, Mongahela, the GW,Daniel Boone ...  the Jeff goes right through Roanoke and Blacksburg into Kentucky and Tennesee.   Here's what you do: 

- Open Google Maps.  Find your home. 
- Look for big green blotches near you and zoom in. 
- If it has "National Forest" in the name, that's what you want.  
- Google that shit. 
- Find pictures, descriptions, blog postings.
- Call the Ranger district and learn more. 


 




 So even though my shed has multiple windows that keeps it ventilated and reasonably cool (certainly not over a hundred unless the ambient is) I still really should keep my tents in it ?  




 Jealous.  




 Keep in mind - *everyone* out there with you  will be as dirty and nasty and grimy as you feel but it's not really all that bad, don't be self-conscious.  Here are some tips I've picked  up over the years...


- Baby wipes are your best friends.  They're a wet nap after eating, they're great for you know what of course, but you can also feel really clean just by using them to wipe down all over in the morning.  No of course it's not the same as hot shower, but you really do feel a lot better.   You pretty much can't bring too many especially as a n00b.   I've used them clean wounds, clean pots, clean my ears out... they're the leatherman of field hygiene.

- I really like to take acne wipes with to clean my face on a regular basis.  I got into this habit when being in the woods meant wearing camouflage, which meant acne ... but I noticed over the years that if I keep my face clean I feel better  even if the rest of me is grimy.


- Baby powder, or some variation. Some people like actual plain baby powder, other people like foot powder (which is basically baby powder that may have a hint of antifungal in it), "monkey butt" powder ... but baby powder helps quite a bit with cutting back on irritation and the general nasty feeling.  If you're logging high miles with weight it's considered a must-have for foot maintenance (keep your feet dry, clean and powdered) but after taking a baby wipe "bath" it's nice to be able to powder your "nose" (not actually your nose).  

- If you take a bandana or other cloth and a little bit of concetrated soap (Like Dr Brommers) then heating up some water and at least giving your face and upper body a good scrub can really help.  

- if you're used to shaving every day, then shaving in the feel will help keep you feeling right.  Just heat up some water in your canteen cup, and give it a go.  Use a signal mirror or ask your bud if you missed  any spots. Or if you can spare  the weight bring an electric razor.

- For short haired folks get a fresh short hair cut as others have mentioned.   This will help you feel cleaner, *and* cooler, and help prevent tick and other problems.  With short hair, just wiping a baby wipe over your head or a hot warm cloth can make it feel like you shampooed. 

- For folks with long hair, There's "dry" shampoo that doesn't require any water...  I haven't used it myself, but I read a review somewhere that said it really does help.  Wouldn't know, never had long hair. 

- Brush yer teeth at least a couple times a day. 

- Your deodorant has now power in the woods.  I don't even bother. 

- Change your socks frequently.  Even if I don't bring a change of clothing on a trip, I'll absolutely bring at least an extra pair of socks with me.   When hiking long distances foot care is essential, but even if you aren't hiking much you want to change your socks at least every day to let them air out and dry (and prevent any athletes  foot issues).  When you don't need to be wearing them, take off your boots.   Bring sine shower shoes or something to kick around camp with; that will let your boots, feet and socks air and dry at once.   

- And saving the best for last: Your Underwear Counts. You know how everyone says "don't wear cotton outdoors" ? You know, cause it soaks  up moisture like rain and sweat and takes forever to release it ? Yeah .... cotton underwear does that too and at least me, it drives me absolutely crazy.   Go find yourself some synthetic "wicking" undies; you'll be much cooler and feel so much better. 

Good luck, enjoy the camp.  




 damn dude.  




 yeah, tents kind of suck; they can be really expensive and it seems no manufacturers bother stocking repair parts, and tent pole damage isn't exactly extremely rare.   There's one or two companies online that make it a point to stock all sorts of tent pole parts and poles ... don't remember the name but they google up ok.  Or call your local REI - they recommend one of the companies to folks.  




 Hah - those remind me of those old wax lip candies.  




 I took Greyhound once.  Once.  I remember it as being pretty stark. 




 No, but they're probably a common return.  My ticket was labelled with the return complaint as "bowl bends".  Well look, it takes about 2 seconds holding it to realize it's  very thing and yes, will dent...I suspect they get returned out of buyer's remorse.  I mean honestly, there's no way I'd pay msrp for them.  




 I don't know where the buses pull in, but bus stations are attractive  targets overseas, so I would guess that thing has more cameras on it than Times Square.  




 By the way, it's not *cinema* but Toby's Dinner Theater is a longstanding Columbia attraction. 




 isn't it about time this video move to Facebook so those folks can all think it's new ?  




 I think it's worth pointing out however that the BD poles are several multiples the price of the walmart ones.   




 Usually they'll come with two bags: a smaller waterproof stuff back for when actually packing it, and then a larger trashbag sized ventilated bag for storage.  You want to let them fluff out and get plenty of ventilation during storage.   




 Target sells cheap Champion brand wicking gear that works great.  

Wallet - what's wrong with a ziplock ?  




 Great thread idea !!  I LOVE Tabasco, and until I [figured out to make my own packet sized storage] (http://www.reddit.com/r/Ultralight/comments/39ll3j/contact_rewetting_drop_bottles_are_often_reusable/) I would grab those packets of Pete's from ChickFila. 




 Nope, never encountered any of those "rules" in the Infantry.  

It's nice research though, not that I need any convincing to lighten my load.  




 may want to see if there's a sub for your town, and just put a note there.  




 it's the starting point for hiking the Maryland section of the AT southbound.  The park sits in the Md-PA line.  Harpers Ferry is the other end.  The Maryland section is popular because it's only around 41 miles and doable in a long weekend.  




 wow dude that sucks.  I guess the driver doesn't even check tags or anything ... think it would be worth trying to file a claim with Greyhound ?   Hope things get better.  




 That is correct.  When white people get exposed to too much sun their skin cells are basically mildly cooking.  That's why it go through different colors - first a light pink, then a dark red and then brown just like cooking a steak.   If you get too much sun, it does burn and hurt like a rope burn.  If we burn too much though you can fortunately just scrape off the burnt skin with the back of a butter knife and bring us back to just toasted again. 

Of course some people think that white people do have melanin in their skins, just less of it.  I find that a little hard to believe though. 

Source: am white person, spend time in son. 




 multiday patrol in a hot as balls jungle down south.  not really sure why they had us bring so much. 

 




 not sure why I didn't think of that ... looks like i'm not the only one intent on using it as a pot. 




 nah, no need, this will work quite fine and I'm just not going to buy full retail for titanium, it's just not worth it to me.  




 So according to [this ] (http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs30.htm) it looks like if you may more than 217 dollar a week after taxes, they can garnish 25% of any amount over that.   They seem to keep 217 as week as like a minimal survival income. 

The rules get different for special situations like child support or tax collections.  You just know that tax collection's gonna have it's own rules- the Man always get paid. 

Remember that the 25% is of the "disposable" income. THEY don't refer to disosable as what's left over after you pay your bills (like most people); they call it whatever's left over after taxes and a few other things.  Their concept of 'disposable' doesn't even include health insurance apparently.   So their concept of what's disposable and subject to garnishment is probably going to  be pretty different from yours.
 




 I presume that's frozen or previously frozen ?  




 Thanks- I'll have to make a side trip someday and check them out.  




 pork for 80 cents ? WOW, that's super cheap.   You're  lucky to find chicken thighs on sale for 99 cents around here.  




 I betcha that dude catches a beat down before police are called.. 




 it doesn't fit over my colander !  




 correct.  it's a snowpeak trek bowl ... and it's actually very much pot sized and shaped - the wall just flare out a bit and aren't perfectly vertical.  There's no handle, but I have that covered with the litte gsi silicon grippy, and there's no lid but I don't see a reason I can't just form a foil one.  




 Maryland.  Yeah, I'd reckon it would be cheaper in Texas ... kind of like brisket central down there.  




 I think you're doing the right thing.  The best smoker is the one *he'll use*.   True q is a labor of love. Lazy q isn't as good IMO ( i have both a sidebox smoker as well as an expensive electric) but it's many many times easier and  more convenient, and i've  absolutely used it several times when otherwise I wouldn't have smoked at all. 




 Hit Costco this morning, was going to get some cheap brisket but it was 9 dollars a pound. I can get top quality fresh steaks for that price.  

Is brisket suddenly fashionable or something ?  It's supposed to be a lousy cut only suitable for slow roasts and smoking right ?  




 hit costco this morning, picked up some back ribs.  we'll see how that goes. 




 that sounds awesome, completely ignoring nutrition, but at what point do you stop calling it "pizza" and start calling it "food served on a cheese and bread plate" ?  




 Picked up a titanium bowl at a garage sale.  Honestly just bought it because it was a reasonable price, and now I'm the beaming proud owner of a new titanium bowl .... so .... now what ? 

I don't take bowls or plates with me on overnights, I just take a single GSI pot that has little grippers and a cozie.  I boil and eat/drink out of it.   So I'm already good to go with using a single item for everything.

I can use the little gsi grippers to move the titanium bowl on/off the fire, no problem. To help boil times I can just make an aluminum foil lid, no problem. 

But what about drinking hot stuff from it? I wonder if the titanium will cool faster than the contents, so I could basically let everything cool down to a reasonable temperature and then grip it without a cozie.  I only "boil" to help things cook; I certainly don't need (or want !) my food or coffee literally boiling hot.  And, since I plan on coupling this with an alcohol stove, I don't think the contents will get insanely hot in the first place.

Any advice ? Or maybe just keep using my existing cook set now with the benefit of a bowl for essentially zero weight penalty ?  




 I would use a storage bag like [this one] (http://www.rei.com/product/733948/msr-dromedary-bag-10-liter#tab-specs) and strap it to the outside top of my pack, under the hood, like a rope.  That will keep it along your back and up nice and high, and by cinching the hood on it you'll be able to minimize sloshing and slinging. 

Beware that each gallon of water weighs 8 pounds.   I've carried 4 gallons before plus a combat load - that much water will absolutely wear on you... so as others have suggested unless you're going into an arid region I would seek beta on resupply and filtering instead of humping all that water in. 

 




 Just bought a mini.  Trying to squeeze short multidays from a 52l to a 36l bag, and the old Pur Scout is just looking a little too big for solo use.  




 I grabbed a snowpeak titanium bowl with the label still in it for 10 bucks because whoever douche bought it, dented it up, and then returned it as "bowl gets dents".  




 yeah, I know at one point I was able to drink and not smoke.  But apparently I couldn't drink and *be* around smokers; the combination was just too much and that's how I fell off the wagon... just 1 at a happy hour.   Well, as the song goes ... one thing leads to another.   But I did not go out last night, I did not smoke.   




 it's surprising that in today's world of connected cameras everything this can happen.   




 aw geez, rt 1 is terrible everywhere.  But on the turnpike folk seem to be very good about  signalling, passing, signalling moving back over.  The lower states could learn something from that for sure. 




 thanks. I did not smoke last night ;)  I stayed home, hydrated like a mug then went to bed.  I'm glad I did. 




 hah !  Yes, that's a good idea then ;)   My tent has a little mesh pocket on the top that's perfect for stashing my glasses, because when I wake  up they're literally right in front of my face !  




 that's a first.  What'd you tell 'em ?  "No, just me and my sedan." ? 
 




 But I know where that would probably lead so here I am on a Friday night all pumped up looking to have fun and sitting on a fucking computer for fucks sake.   

I may go anyhow.   




 crazy isn't it ? bet they smell like shit too eh 




 You didn't "fail as a mother" today.   You lost your temper.  It happens. When we were kids it usually resulted in a belt or a stick. In the army it would result in a beat down.   You screamed, and you shook.   

Shake it off, learn from it, try to do better next time.  You didn't fail as a mother.  Jeez.  You have no idea how many truly horrific monster  parents there are.   




 oh, it can be much longer than that. some folks never get off that sweet, sweet credit and stay hooked on it their entire lives.  




 on that note, is it then bad to supplement with isolate ? there are days when I don't eat but i'll still grab a couple scoops of protein - guess that's not the way to do it ?  




 oh yeah, sure, I meant safe from thievery.  although racoons are some pretty crafty thieving little bastards.  




 I'm *not* crazy?!?  Thank you !  




 It's definitely a marathon. I don't know where you started off but 148 at 5'6 seems pretty good man.  Don't develop and eating disorder !  Sounds like you're meal planning and prepping so you have really consistent diet - maybe you should ask over in /r/nutrition if it's adequate ?  




 I'm hooked on both too.  When the weather sucked and I ran indoors exclusively I'd start off with a treadmill 5k, then power lifting.  Squats after running can be rough, but it really, really helped my n00b running and kept everything on the same recovery cycle. 

It's a bit trickier since I've been running outdoors... I suppose I *could* run outdoors then go to the gym, but honestly by the time I'd get there I'd be cooled off all over again and lost all the adrenaline, so I stagger the days instead.  It's been good so far, but I find that I'm not really hitting legs as much as I used to, because I wouldn't really have a recovery period for them if Im running the next day.    




 Whats your diet like ? Are you doing 2k calories like all protein, or are you getting plenty of carbohydrates as well ?  




 Was it in Brazil ? It only seems satisfying when it's Brazil. 




 I was gonna say Bethesda Cinema and Drafthouse but ....another long lived treasure gone.  




 I'm gangstah.  I've been known to put my trash out as early as 2pm on Sunday.  Hell, get me really riled up and I'll put it out on *Saturday* 




 I'm off already.  Horrible sense of default privacy.  




 AAANNNNNNNND IT"S GONE.   ON for less than 30 seconds and deleted my account. 

FOr anyone else reading, this site will default to publishing your full first and last name along with FULL STREET ADDRESS to your neighborhood "plus 7 surrounding" ones.   ZERO sense of default privacy controls.  

 




 WTF MAN, This publishes your full name AND ADDRESS to everyone ?  




 Registered. Logged in. Opening message from a neighbor- cool! 
REALTOR. Damnit.
 




 So basically I'm going to sign up and find 6 months of messages of my neighbors bitching about my music and yard ?    




 Oddly, NJ drivers seem to respect rules of the road better.  Sounds counterintuitive, but every time I'm on the turnpike I love how people use the blinky side light flasher things, and don't hang out in the left lane.   




 It's backpacker magazine.  What do you want ?  




 "Enter Fort Bragg a young man, leave an old man".  




 yeah, for real.  I mean the Infantry is just retarded compared to backpackers.  Can you imagine going backpacking with spare boots ? 

Someday I want to hit the Appalachian Trail with PRC77 and a baseplate. Just go full retard with it.   




 I'm curious about Nextdoor.com, but you can't tell a thing about the site without registering, and they want real names.  

Does anyone use it ? Anything you can tell me about it ? From the little information I've been able to google it seems like it's mostly just message board groups based on geographical proximity. 
Thanks.

 




 I'm a long time resident, I'm opposed to a lot of the new changes and development, and strictly adhere to the suburban idylics, but I too live in Wilde Lake and I'm hear to tell you it Was.Not.That.Loud.    I've been hearing Merriweather in my back since when they still hosted good bands (ha ! take that youngsters  !) and I remember that Sunday clearly, being outside with a buddy drinking beer; we both noted it was louder than usual, tried to guess the band, and went about your drinking.  It was slightly louder.  

I'm pretty much as old-man curmudgeonly as it gets, and it didn't put me off.  That article was just full of hyperbole.  




 So it this guy mostly hitting parking lots like apartments and condos ?  




 just be very careful with rubbing compound.  it's very easy to over do it with.  




 why would  you assume I know more than you ? 
if your meat is coming out too smokey or if it's coming out too charred or you get the creosote build up (that's the nasty black char) than one thing you can try is wrapping it in foil; let's it heat without absorbing the smoke. 




 I'm pretty far from the city but I just wanted to say that I think what you're doing  is great and wish you good luck.  




