 Moosh is my favorite. SUPER CUTE 




 Best. 




 Beautiful! 




 Gorgeous. 10/10.  




 I stopped using hay racks because my rabbits will all just sit in them and pee all over the hay. I just put fresh hay in one side of their litter box multiple times a day now. They spread it around but generally only poop/pee on the opposite side and so they have a fresh supply to eat.  




 Just a heads up - you're probably going to get some shit. First line in the info column on this subreddit: This subreddit is intended for posting your own personal tattoos. 

Also: Artists and apprentices: If you wish to post or comment as such, please get verified before doing so. Do not post or comment as an artist until this is done and you have your artist flair. Once verified please limit self-promotion to one post per day.

and

Anything that is not a picture of your own tattoo must be submitted as a self post.

Not bitching, I have really enjoyed most of your posts and am just here to check out the art. That said, don't be surprised if you get take some flack. 




 GORGEOUS 




 Thanks. She's usually such a sweet little fluff and the sudden change has caught us a little off guard.  




 We have a Green Cheek Conure named Leela Beela and s/he (we usually go with she but haven't sexed her) is no older than 3. We took her to the vet for a first checkup last September after rescuing her from the animal shelter and she said that the bird was under 2 years old. Her bloodwork checked out and she was given a clean bill of health.

She is currently molting as far as I can tell because she has lost more feathers than usual and has a ton of pin feathers. I am positive she isn't plucking - there are not bald patches and the lost feathers don't look chewed or bent. 

I know birds can be cranky when molting - so this might just be the first real molt she has had with us - but I was wondering what more experienced bird owners think.

Our bird usually:
Active, curious, very friendly and interactive, wants to be with you always, vocal, does a few tricks, is very in love with my bf but kind to me - lets me pet her and interacts with me - just prefers to interact with him if she knows he is around. Seeks him out, doesn't really seek me out. When friends are over and bf is near she is usually kind of feisty, doing a swervy neck dance and hissing. She also does this dance when the bf gets home from work and greets her but then it is excitement not aggressive.

Our Bird Now:
Still active and vocal... but does that aggressive dance much more. hisses and bites. even bites the bf once she is worked up. very hard to get her to do even basic things like step up. instead of pushing her head into my finger for more scritches she fluffs up all her feathers and bites me. 

Any  input greatly appreciated. 
Thanks.


 




 Awesome! 




 If you are considering a pet rabbit check out the links in the right sidebar of http://www.reddit.com/r/Rabbits/

They are some great resources. Rabbits are more similar to cats and dogs than say a hamster and require some special care. Always good to know what you're getting into! :) 




 Venus on the Half-Shell by Kilgore Trout

http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ysDnWpNqZEM/UUNVKgtC3JI/AAAAAAAAATE/2eN5k0ykF04/s1600/VENUS+ON+THE+HALF-SHELL.jpg 




 Asked if he could smoke a spliff indoors. Sure man, why not? Then proceeded to chain smoke spliffs the entire night until you couldn't see from one end of the room to the other.  




 When you potted it did you remove the original lead or just bury it? 




 This is great! While I love all the DIYs - many of them have seemingly infinite space to work with. Seeing such a great solution done with such a small area is really nice. 




 Thanks! 
 




 Would there be any flies if it is whitefly? Because there is nothing flying around and when I shake it a bunch of the white stuff just falls.  




 It looks like it could be a parasite - this pot was indoors in my kitchen windowsill. There is a little on the Thyme that was next to it but nowhere near as much. 

Also not sure if it is related to the white things or not - but the bottom half of the plant is all dead: http://imgur.com/tueuphU 









 I love Moosh. Post moar pics plz 




 Just like the mutant. She's got both her eyes though... 









 The little pot was laying around the yard full of something dead and I just dumped it and used it for my plant. It has a cracked piece on the bottom and is not going to be great for the longterm - but was better than the half-missing pot that one was in before. 

I'll get some pics of the bigger one when our sunflowers are done for the year and I cut them down. 




 There's another jade that's bigger than that one back there... it's buried in the sunflowers right now but I'll post a pic someday.  It has a bigger pot. I will leave that one in the yard. The only thing she really mentioned that her mother tended was the roses and those were in shit shape already when I moved in.  




 It's a pretty loose soil with some big bark chunks - drains great. I actually don't know much about care - but I do know they need great drainage and to soak them then let them dry out before watering again. 

Letting them dry out has never been a problem. They get some water from the sprinkler I have going on the veggies but otherwise they've been pretty neglected.  Not as neglected as they had been before!

I'm hoping to learn a thing or two in here since these do so well in CA.  




 Repotted:
Http://www.imgur.com/a/BkpF1
 




 Yes - repotted the big jade from before using your recommendation on pot type/size.

Haven't talked to the landlord - would like to never speak to her again if I can. Figured it deserved a new $7 pot regardless.

The other plant I found in the gutter during trash cleanup week years ago. It had a broken pot too and got repotted yesterday.
 




 It was in a broken pot in the yard of the place I am renting - I had nothing to do with how it looks or how old it is! Hoping I can help it out from here forward. 




 They're both pretty big... no clue how old either of them are 




 I know nothing.  Found the one with red tips in the gutter during trash cleanup and the other was in a broken pot in my backyard in the place I'm renting.  I just water them occasionally and leave them outdoors in their broken pots... finally repotted today 




 Http://www.imgur.com/a/BkpF1 









