 I was in the hospital for a few days a month ago because I fell down two flights of stairs and there was weird shit because of it. Anyways, the guy in the room next to mine was pretty old and I'm assuming he was in for some kind of accident. The nurse was talking to him and said he can have percocets, lortabs, or dilaudid. When he said percocets I cried a little.  




 That's fair. I just use my phone's data if my wifi is shitty at the time, but  I can see where a folder would come in handy 




 I've tripped countless times on dph, so my answer is that it effects everyone differently, and where some people get a nightmare of a high, other actually get something enjoyable. I always just get really cool visuals covering the walls and some confusion. Never anything that terrifies me.  




 Am I the only person that never downloads porn? Is the Internet not good enough for you scoundrels?  




 TIL a missile can be shot down using the same power that it takes to cook two hot pockets  




 I'm very experienced with dph, especially high doses. As for hbwr, I've gone through about 100 seeds, so I'm sure I can offer some advice. With dph I've only noticed the body load take its form in the feeling of intense gravity. Aside from that it just makes me clumsy. With hbwr I didn't get either affect, but I got insane leg cramps a few times. As far as using them for sleep, I do have something to say. Dph is very good with that. Since I built up a tolerance I take about 200-300mgs for sleep, and get absolutely no hallucinations. It really just helps me feel sleepy, as well as keeps me sedated while trying to fall asleep which helps. As for hbwr, I tried taking high doses of that, close to 20 seeds each time. It completely changes the high at a dose like that. I went from euphoria to complete sedation. Almost every time I would be asleep within two hours of ingestion. 

Edit: after rereading the question, I'll actually answer what you asked. For me, I don't trip until I hit about 600mg of dph. Between that and 900mg I just get a good fun high. Melting walls,  stuff like that. Above that is where I start getting fucked up thought loops and closed eye hallucinations, where I'm in a totally different place usually. Also I tend to black out after 1g and then wake up with no memory and weird little hints of the stupid shit I did around the house. 

Lsa is touchy and varies trip to trip. I had an amazing trip on it once, I think around 14 or so seeds. I was so euphoric it was insane and I loved ever second of it. However, I've taken doses right around there other times that end up with nothing happening. I've also noticed that between 10-17 seeds is where I experience the worst cramping. 

If you're looking for a solid definite high, I'd suggest dph. As long as you're familiar with what doses do what to you, as it varies person to person, you'll be fine. I've never experienced any negative side effects from it. I wake up refreshed the next day. Although, I do usually have shakey hands the next day after.  




 I was once at a party on April 20th a few years back. Now being 4/20, it was basically a weed party because my friend group was very much into smoking back then. So I was talking to this girl and she said she'd come, but she brought a friend who was also a mutual friend to one of my friends girlfriends (I'm sure that made no sense). Anyways, they knew it was a night of smoking lots of bud and camping, and still came. I guess they weren't really into weed, so the three girls split a half a bottle of vodka. Now here is where shit gets shitty. I'm standing there just giggling at some nonsense because I was pretty baked. This girl, who I had never even met before this, looks up at me and says, "you're a drug addict and I hate you." 

I was so shocked because it came out of nowhere and at that point I hadn't ever done anything other than  smoke weed. No alcohol, pills, even cigs. On top of that, this girl knew what we were doing there. It's not like she was shocked to see this drug use. So I just brushed it off, because whatever not letting her kill my fun. 

The next morning she texts me and apologizes and blamed it on being drunk. At that point of the night the probably took a shot each. Clearly she was just being a dick head. But I accepted her apology because why make a big deal out of something so small. 

That said, I've never forgotten it. I was never so offended in my life by someone's words at that point. "You're a drug addict, and I hate you." The fuck is that shit?  




 Never met him in person, and only had brief contact via Facebook once. Basically he and my mother did their thing on high school, and when he found out she was pregnant he joined the army and never looked back. About a year after I was born my mom was arrested for drugs (heroin I think)  and I was sent to live with my grandma. I still occasionally see my mother, but I can honestly say that I absolutely do not feel for her at all. No love, no anger, no hatred, but she's fucked up several childrens' lives, so I've done my best to keep her out of mine. As for my father, he never tried to meet me or anything, but he did pay support without ever defaulting or trying to get it lowered or whatever. Now he lives several states away with a wife and two daughters from what I've heard. So i have nothing against the guy, but can't say I like him or anything. Can't say I've given him much thought throughout life.
 




 Probably not the worst, but a couple of days ago my friend had his bong sitting on a little table we were all sitting around. He was excitedly telling a story and went to motion to something with his hand and smacked the bong off the table. As soon as I heard the shatter of his glass and his heart I just started nervously laughing for about five minutes while he cleaned the pieces of the piece off the ground.  




 I'm in the process of helping  a family member move from Philadelphia to Nashville, so once we finish the drive we'll spend the day unloading the truck. Just passed through Knoxville, and god damn is this state beautiful. Especially the sky. They don't make clouds like this where I'm from.  




 I'm not sure why, but when someone calls soda 'pop' it drives me fucking crazy. Calling it coke doesn't bother me at all, but pop? Pop!? What is this, the fifties? Boils my blood to hear it.  




 I can't provide individual examples, but whenever I hear of a soldier using his body to cover a grenade and save his battles it really strikes a cord with me. It's such a selfless act, and I'm sure it's saved countless other soldiers from losing limbs or dying.  




 Basic training in Fort Benning, Georgia. I definitely matured a lot that summer, but I'd be lying if I said it didn't suck a good amount.  




 As someone that grew up not knowing my dad or living with my mom, I really never gave him much thought at all. When I was in 9th grade he sent me a message via Facebook saying who he was. We sent maybe 6 messages each back and forth before I just stopped answering. It's not that he was an asshole or a bad guy, I mean he was an army engineer, and has a whole family now. I think knowing that he does have a whole family is the worst though, because be raised two daughters into their teens before ever even making any sort of contact with me. Now that said, I don't harbor any hatred for him, nor do I wish he was ever a part of my life. My life has been weird and unorthodox, but I've come to accept that and love all of the people that make it what it is.  




 Well of course if lemon juice, then you have to take into consideration the motivation behind it. Usually when lemon juice, it's a selfish act. Entirely lacks compassion or care for others. However, there are rare cases when lemon juice for reasons that nobody else can understand. You really have to look into the root of the issue to understand why lemon juice, and stop being so judgemental, because when push comes to shove you just might have to lemon juice too.  




 Bathrooms across the country are mine for the taking  




 Lives several states away with his family... 




 Funny you should say that about dxm. The first few times I did it people would say my name and I would just be like what? What the hell is that word? And I'd just repeat it over and over trying to figure it out. Fun times.  




 Every  time I've taken percs it made me insanely social and euphoric. I would talk faster than ever on them. Fun stuff.  




 I don't understand it either. I had a friend who puked every time he took gels, and would take them like 5 at a time. Personally, I just twist the lid off, rip the paper, dump all twenty of those suckers in my hand, and pour em in my mouth. Combine that with any liquid, water or tea or whatever, and swallow. Never had a problem, and they always go down easy. I don't even notice the taste. I guess if you don't like something of that size sliding down your food tube then just take like ten at a time.  




 If you're looking for something mild like bud, kratom is probably your best bet. If you're looking to get fucked up, probably most psychedelics or dxm. I enjoy dxm, but it's the kind of drug that you'll probably want to do alone and when you have a good 8 hours to be alone. Also not the best thing to be taking daily. So I'd say kratom for taking the edge off.  




 I found it right in the grass bordering the woods and there weren't any others near it. I'd say the stem was about as big as the palm of my hand, maybe a bit bigger and about as thick as a finger. I'll see if it's where I left it and take a picture with something to scale it. 

Thanks for the help though, I've been looking online for a while now and haven't come up with anything. 

Also, I looked up the megacollybia rodmani and it looks like that's it. 

Edit: wow I was dead wrong on the size, I'll upload a better picture in a minute. I'm thinking you were definitely correct now. 

Edit edit: http://imgur.com/a/MLneN 














