 Slowly but surely I've seen popular posts on /r/MensRights et al. go from content that affects men, to childish bitchfests about double-standards and anti-feminist circlejerks.

I just want a sub where I can read and discuss issues that affect men without it devolving into abject rage about the opposite gender. Fuck me, right?

I've created /r/Brohan for the interim, if anyone is interested.

Otherwise, I'd love to know where I can go to vent my frustrations as a man in a forum that doesn't throw a hissy fit every time women are mentioned. 




 Leave a comment if you'd like to help grow the Kingdom of Brohan. 




 EXACTLY how I feel. Literally just created a subreddit for exactly that, since these seem to be run by whiny teens. Come on over to /r/Brohan 




 I've called it /r/Brohan, after Middle Earth's Rohan, the Kingdom of Men. Thanks for the idea.  




 Slowly but surely I've seen popular posts on /r/MensRights et al. go from content that affects men, to childish bitchfests about double-standards and anti-feminist circlejerks.

I just want a sub where I can read and discuss issues that affect men without it devolving into abject rage about the opposite gender. Fuck me, right? 




 The fuck kind of title is this? I'm here for posts about self betterment as a man, not horseshit like "Don't sit next to women because you never know which ones are drugged out of their goddamn minds and might attack you with their tiny, ineffectual fists."

God DAMN these male oriented subs have gone to shit. I'd ask the mods to at least instill some kind of measures so this doesn't turn into a hurr durr women suck circlejerk, but I'd probably be wasting my time.

Between this and all the other totally irrelevant posts on here, I'm out. Unsubbed. Call me when the content has to do with forging one's own identity. 




 I'd love to go paddle boating with greipel in the engine room... 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1196az/why_do_men_have_to_hide_their_erections/ 









 *I SEE THE BATMAN SHIIIINING,*

*FROM THE WEST DOWN TO THE EAST.*

*ANY DAY NOW...*

*ANY DAY NOW...*

*I SHAAAAL BEEEEE DECEASED* 




 It's a meme world... 




 Obligatory "I haven't seen this, and I fucking loved it."

If a single irrelevant post gets you this irritated, I think you need to cut down on the redditing. 




 Amen. Just thinking of the angry little boners I got from holding hands with my first date makes me immensely happy nobody had cameraphones back in my day.

Angry, angry little boners. Furious. Two inches of fully torqued hellfire. 




 CARIBOUUUU 




 RemindMe! 1 year. "Has this guy busted his pedo father yet?" 




 Why be informed when you can be outraged? 




 RemindMe! 5 years. "When this redditor is famous." 




 I ran a satire blog for a while. The amount of people that would post my stories in abject rage after only reading the headline was incredible.  




 Plus... it's not like you could sub on a defender that would do a better job. He could command the back line on one leg and still be better than any other option. 




 Either this is ripping off James Blunt, or James Blunt is ripping off this. Cant be bothered to find the source but someone made fun of him on twitter for only having 200,000 followers. James Blunt responded by saying: "Jesus only needed twelve."

Hate his music, but love the man. His comebacks are the stuff of legend.  




 Not sure when Lorde started getting famous, but this makes me wonder how many celebrities-to-be are redditors right now... 




 As a reporter and redditor, I can pretty confidently say I wouldn't have been able to summarize it as well as this guy did. There's a reason he works for Bloomberg. 

What people don't know is that the reporter will often send the anchor the questions, and in this case the anchor was given exactly the right questions to ask. 




 The only thing preventing you from having that life is yourself. Smile big. Walk fast. People will follow. 




 8,000+ comment karma for the amount you post is pretty sad. so sad in fact, I'd be willing to bet the people that call you their friend only do so out of some childhood obligation, or just sheer pity. You are a dessicated cunthole; a blind, wobbly-legged calf loved by nobody in this world except the mewling beast that brought you into it, and even she, upon seeing your shitsipping face, can only muster a half-hearted "meh." You are a disappointment to all that know you. 




 TV reporter here. Can confirm. I can't upload my own reports to a separate youtube channel because they are owned by the company I did them for. 




 right click the image. click "show controls." 




  Can this to the front page!

At first I thought you meant "Can this make it to the front page", but then I saw the exclamation mark and thought, "Maybe they meant 'Get this to the front page'", at which point I gave up and didn't bother to sign and came here to leave this comment instead.

I have the attention of a concussed goldfish.  




 I lived in Camden for a year as well. Right near Mornington Crescent.

1. Got mobbed by screaming teenage girls coming out of the Tesco right by Koko. Turns out I was walking next to Oly Murs, and they thought I was famous too. I wasn't.

2. Great place to meet random people. I'd go out with some American buddies of mine and we'd inevitably end up back at my flat with a few people to do copious amounts of whatever drugs we had on us. 

3. Once saw a muslim man getting dragged down a dark alley, screaming for his life. Called 999, but the guy let the muslim man go when he saw me on the phone. 

4. Great place for picking up women. Especially Aussie women, for some reason. Maybe they're just easy.  




 Wait... ACTUALLY!? 




  dickshonary

22edgy1974me 




 Denise the downer? Really? 




 I'm more sick and tired of people telling me they went to school with Tadasha (T-A) and Ladasha (L-A). NO YOU DIDN'T. NO YOU FUCKING DIDN'T.  




 I'm not making any direct comparison per se. More a contrasting example of what a good CEO looks like and how they treat their employees.  




 [Today, the company is doing better than ever.](https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2015/06/27/year-later-market-basket-thriving-after-near-meltdown/EIePjTzCJYhgLWwRpBuoAI/story.html) 














 I know. I know. This has come as a shock to all of us, but the mod team for /r/Bermuda felt it best that we reopen the community, and will endeavor to stick it to Pao in the days ahead, whatever way we can. 




 Skills include 

* satisfying OP's mom

* markdown

* copywriting (I am a former advertising copywriter and currently a journalist)

* judging   




 There are usually clauses in such termination contracts that prevent the employee from speaking about the nature of their termination. I was very surprised to see that AMA, so it's no surprise it's been taken down now, probably by him. 




 still waiting on someone to post an actual "tribute me" 




 KiA could do with applying this to some of the more popular posts  




 It rhymes with honey. 




 Do you specialise in bird law as well?  




 I mean, I've gotten death threats for mixing up Britain and England. God have mercy on your soul if you accidentally repost. The amount of times I've been called a faggot is astounding.  




 It would be great to see a full timeline of his fall from... grace 




 What does this have to do with this sub? 




 The Bermuda Triangle is closed for repairs. /r/Bermuda now private. Sorry everyone.  




 All the cool kids are doing it. 




 Why is the windows logo on her badge? Is the title "in discussion" a hint at Microsoft trying to acquire reddit? 




 Redpill: "I can't get a woman by being myself. How do I become a massive slut-slaying douchebag instead?" 




 I've always maintained that he was worth it for the goal he scored against Barca alone (not to mention the Nevillegasm) 




 *was 




 Subbed. 




 I feel like more credit should go to Chris whenever this is mentioned. Everyone blames Anderson for clowning, but against any other fighter he would've been able to slip his way out of that. Chris NAILS him with 5 straight off balance punches. That's next level accuracy and power. 




 Bermudian here. He is a total nutjob, but the fish you're holding has been a part of that dive pretty much since it's inception. Can't remember his name, but he has one, and he's doing just fine. We've been worldwide leaders in conservation since we first protected the green turtle in 1620. Touching a few snapper isn't going to hurt anyone, and in fact the only reason that snapper is still around is because the area you dove in is protected against fishing. If I had a friendly snapper come up to me like that anywhere else, you'd be damn sure he wind up with a spear through his gills. 




 I actually worked with this dive company for a summer. Lived in Bermuda my whole life. We are miles ahead of the world when it comes to marine protection. We first protected turtles in 1620 and have always had strict catch limits. The fish OP is holding has been a part of that dive since it first started. Nothing's ever happened to it. 




 Literally JUST posted about this same thing! Horses know their way home. 




 There's actually an old story in my country of two brothers and their horse. Every weekend they'd go to one of the hotels with all the American women, get wasted, then climb back into their carriage and fall asleep. Every time, they'd wake up back in their driveway, and give the horse the day off. 




 ... you take the chains off. 




 Unfortunately all of that is wayyyyyyy outside our budget :( 




 ^ 




 HA! Amazing. Sluggo is the shit. Used to be a cop. Very nice man. Makes excellent cricket catches. 




 Had, as in, at the time. He's now her wonderful fiance.  




 The only thing lacking is a cat. And seeing as this is going pretty well, might as well get the karma while I can. [Obligatory tax cat cat tax](http://ihavecat.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/PetieTaxGuy1.jpg). 




 Google Whitney and Alfonso - Carlton Dance and you should get a result. 




 *Whoore. I was just expressing my love for her in Always Sunny quotes. 




 Nothing fancy. Just a little whaler. Takes 10 minutes by sea, 45 by land during rush hour, so it's a no brainer.  




 The curse of being from Bermuda is having this song sung whenever you tell people where you're from. That, or they ask about the goddamn triangle. 




 Like a normal friend, but she lets me touch her britney 




 I'd drag my dick a mile through freshly laid asphalt just to hear Whitney fart through a walkie talkie. 




 Plus by all accounts she's an actual human being and not a vacuous gold digging whoore 









 Awesome, thanks for your thoughts. Oracle has two boats down here right now. The standard AC42 that'll be used in the World Series this October, and the AC42 "Turbo" which is the boat they use to test out new designs and tech. What those new designs are though is anyone's guess. They won't let anyone near it. 




 Sister had long term, awesome boyfriend, and my little nibling is the shit. I on the other hand have more of a fuckbuddy. So... bullet dodged. 




 Computer went into overdrive with all my extensions blocking the ungodly amount of trackers on that site. Lord have mercy 




 Actually happened to my sister last year. That's the only reason I knew they had that effect at all. 




 I'm sure Matt Taibbi has a baseball cap he can lend you.  




 thaaaaaat BITCH! I KNEW IT! 




 BYEEEEE BYE MISS AMERICAN PIE! 




 TV hardly counts. It's entertainment, not news.

Source: did it for a year 




 It does not have that ability. At all. Da_fuhje is a master bullshitter. Check his mod credentials  




 Then you have a woeful understanding of what an average journalist does on a day to day basis 




 I thought that's what your father's friends were for. My dad's buddy gave me the whole rundown on what to do.

"Carlos, one day you're going to find your hand on a girl's boob. And it's gonna be great. But you're quickly going to realize you have no idea what to do once you get it there. Sit down, kiddo. We need to talk." 









 I'd like to think [this girl](http://i.imgur.com/2xA8bhS.jpg) popped up into the cabin moments before it began plummeting.  




 I'd totally forgotten about that. holy shit. How is there not better footage of this? 




 This was the exact scene that made me wonder whether she was hot in real life. 




 the fuck is a telephonist? 




 Good guy discount. 60% of the time it works EVERY time 









 I've heard this from a few of my friends as well, so I think sailor profiles are a definite must. Cheers 




 The financial costs of competing in the cup are pretty transparent. It's the bidding process that's a little shady.  




 open wide and say oink 




 Where are people religiously defending consoles? Honest question. I've never seen it on reddit. at all. 

I've always had a console because I'm a casual gamer, know fuck all about computers, and use my laptop for work. Don't see much wrong with that... 




 You go right ahead and try and teach a class of children how to fuck without being decapitated by angry fathers. 




 just because you don't know where to look for quality journalism doesn't mean it doesn't exist. read a newspaper. pick up a magazine. the majority of people in my field take their jobs extremely seriously, and while the talent varies, the desire to do our job properly is first and foremost. 




 Not quite. Never went to college. Worked my whole life as a reporter. 




 The "one man band" you're describing is a new role in news, but that's by no means the typical journalist these days. Grunts get sent out on that stuff. 




 Contrary to popular belief, the majority of journalists take their job very seriously.  




 I will be starting a new series with a newspaper on the America's Cup, and I was wondering what the fans would like to see in terms of media coverage. 

Because of my connections with the people involved, from the sailors to the administrators, I'm uniquely placed to offer really good coverage on what's going on with the 2017 America's Cup, and everything leading up to it.

So what would be of the biggest interest to you? High quality videos? Interviews? Analysis? History? Gossip? I'd love your two cents! 




 I will be starting a new series with a newspaper on the America's Cup, and I was wondering what the fans would like to see in terms of media coverage. Because of my connections with the people involved, from the sailors to the administrators, I'm uniquely placed to offer really good coverage on what's going on with the 2017 America's Cup, and everything leading up to it.

So what would be of the biggest interest to you? High quality videos? Interviews? Analysis? History? Gossip? I'd love your two cents! 




 This is where a novelty account that turns comments into songs would be useful... 




 "Does anyone know the season and episode so I can flair this thread?" 









 can anyone fill me in on this? 




