 I suppose we all have different senses of humor here. I for one, would not laugh at someone kicking BB like a soccer ball. 

IMO the only comedic relief that should be in star wars is C3P0. 




 The whole point of the new trilogy is to tell a new story, not retread the exact same story as the OT. They might as well clone Vader, and Sheev, and then we can have the exact same original films all over again! 




 They tried slapstick comedy with Jar Jar. Look how that turned out. 




 Clone of Tarkin sounds stupid and leads me to think this is just fan fiction. 




 I hope there's no cringey "jokes". Kicking BB-8 would not be funny. 




 You'd think they learned that "funny" characters don't work with Jar Jar 




 That would be so awful. It'd be like Han Solo turning to the camera and winking. 




 When you say it will dispell many rumors, do you think it will confirm the general plot that MSW has come up with or disprove it? 




 I'm pretty sure in the upcoming Battlefront game you will be able to fly TIE fighters on Hoth.

Another question, how did they get the AT-ATs onto the ground in the first place? Just drop them from orbit? 




 I've always wanted to be a Y-wing pilot, even though everyone else would probably rather fly the X-wings. 




 Yes but Boba died (in terms of the film canon). And I wouldn't want to see him shoved in the new one just to be like "Hey guys, you love this character, here he is!" Too many old characters already. 




 The point is that Luke was swayed by the dark side, but ultimately triumphed over it and learned balance. It would be annoying to unwrite all of that for the sake of the new trilogy. 

When I said I could see it under certain circumstances, I was thinking more along the lines of he goes a little insane while in exile. I just don't think his character would be the kind of person to drop all that he's learned throughout his journey and become evil. 




 I know but seeing people well past their prime when we didn't really want to is what I'm saying.  




 Boba Fett has no place in Ep7. THAT would be lazy storytelling. I can see Luke going to the darkside under certain circumstances, despite the fact that it is a retread of Vader, and goes against his character. I'm not hoping for that though.

What I do want to see is good writing, as in dialogue that doesn't make you cringe. I also want to see some new and interesting characters, things we haven't seen before. My worry is that JJ will try too hard to focus on the OT and the past, that he won't be able to move us forward enough.

In terms of the returning cast, I really only care about Luke. Han and Leia seem like they are characters who were never meant to get old. I don't really want to see old Leia in a slave outfit or old Han struggling to catch his breath while walking.

All in all, I want to see something written well that is not too hung up on the OT. 




 Its quite likely  




 If anybody has something to discuss then make a new thread cause I'm hungry for some star wars talk. 




 No proof, but considering the amount of characters it's entirely possible. I just wanted to hear the opinions of others. 




 It's like poetry, it rhymes.  




 I dont understand this new meme 




 I assume too bloated as in too many characters, not enough time to develop them, resulting in a mess.

[Link to thread.](http://boards.4chan.org/tv/thread/58347456) It's mostly shitposting but there is a little bit of discussion.  




 I was in a SW thread on 4chan and someone said that a test cut was shown to the guys at Disney and no one really knew what to make of it because it was very bloated in terms of characters.

Now obviously we can take this with a grain of salt because there was no source or explanation, but it got me thinking that he may be right considering the amount of characters which will be featured in TFA. I would list them all but I'm sure everyone here is well aware.

So I wanted to know your thoughts on this. 




 This looks fun. Does anyone know if there will be an actual story mode? Or at least missions of Star Wars battles we already know? It seems like single-player Stormtrooper zombies could get boring. 




 I agree with this guy. Sometimes it's nice to see what other people think and speculate in this sub. 




 The song is [Gyorgy Ligeti - Requiem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1lcZM0MNek). It was originally used in 2001: a Space Odyssey, but I think it fits really well here too. 




 I was there, I read the script, and made love to Felicity Jones. AMA. 




 S A T I R E 

A

T

I

R

E 









 He's the key to all of this 




 playing video games

not being a faggot

choose one 




 If you're gonna use kike at least use it when it makes sense. 




 It's a little pricey, but RedBubble is a great site. If you want to see other similar designs, just search 'Blade Runner' in the search bar. 

[Link.](http://www.redbubble.com/people/synaptyx/works/10429453-genetic-replicants?p=t-shirt style=mens body_color=black print_location=front) 




 Ayyyy le Mao 









 Not gonna lie he seems like a cool dude 




 Ayyy film major here too 




 "That'll be 38$ please."

"Awesome!" 









 Justin Bieber is 5 foot 7... Skrillex must be 4 feet tall. 




 He says it's right after a shower, and yet, no part of him is wet. 




 Why do these people have such a retarded way of writing a story? 




 Banned 




 He's obviously playing dumb for the video's sake. 




 THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING! I'M IN CHARGE HERE! 




