 Wasn't aware of that.  With that being said should it really be required for construction zones all to have a police detail?  Will a flagger suffice?  And what about projects like road paving?  The construction company might pay for the cop, but they count that into what they charge to do the job, which would be footed by the taxpayers, right? 




 I think the benefit of a cop presence on certain construction zones is a good thing, like fast moving traffic areas like highways.  The lights can bring attention to drivers who then slow down, making it safer for workers  But it is absurd that they are required at every single construction site regardless of what it is and where it is.  

I don't even take issue with cops making a ton of money working overtime, just not for BS reasons like when someone is replacing a man hole cover.   




 I was trying to come off not as a badass, just trying to frame it that I had some knowledge on how to throw a punch and defend yourself.  But everyone it appears took it as me trying to sound tough.  Oh well whatya gonna do? 




 I'd be more interested in finding out how much it costs to have police detail on every single construction site, regardless of how big or small the operation is or if it gets a lot or no traffic. 




 I very well might I haven't even hired an employee yet so all these things are far into the future. 




 Drunk squirrel who had too many fermented crabapples.

http://youtu.be/LAfKZUn9sZ0 




 I have done a little boxer training and I'm by no means any good but I would mop the floor with that one guy.  Coming in with his fist so high, even if he connected he wouldn't be able to get power on it.  Plus you duck down and throw a quick upper cut, that dudes done. 




 This is what I'm talking about, I want employees to feel like I can trust them to get their shit done on their own and treat them like adults rather than micro manage them. 




 More money elsewhere, match fixing scandals, and loss of champions league spot. 




 Yeah all good points and that has occurred to me see my other comment where I expanded somewhat on my overall goal for the workplace. 




 Unlimited vacation means what I mean it to mean.  Perhaps I implement a required minimum use of vacation, maybe I start with 6 weeks of vacation, I don't really know.  Unlimited sick days however definitely doesn't mean no sick days.  If someone is sick I don't want them to feel compelled to come in and 1. Get other people sick and 2. Take the time to recover.

I'm on an iPad so it's a pain to go into depth on it, but take all the things I'm suggesting and see I'm trying to build a culture and environment that provides a positive outlet for people's creativity without burning them out.  There is more to life than doing the same mundane job over and over and I want to try and challenge people while also allowing them to live a fulfilling life. 




 Whatever we are happy with our multiple NFC championship game appearances. (Not really) 




