 I feel you. The scenery is cool, but WHY GOD WHY another poison level? Also I wish they had more engaging and interesting enemy placements early on like the Drakeblood knights instead of relying on mindless zombie foot-soldiers like so many other levels. I agree it's the weakest part of the DLC. 




 Shulva isn't too bad but I save the other two for end-game, they're pretty tough. Except frigid outskirts. Did it once, never again. Fuck that place.
 
 




 LOL
 




 Weird, I named my charizard Drogon last play through
 




 Dankwald sounds like a dank place to live
 




 Yeah my friends just saw her at Movement this year too, she still gets out haha 




 First time: 15 hrs
second time: 2 hrs (once you do a couple NG+ playthroughs you'll be reaching Anor Londo in your sleep)
 









 lmao
 




 Drain it and throw a warehouse party! 




 Yeah, seriously I love a good mech but it's like some of the posters on this sub base their entire identities around keyboards..I just feel bad. 




 Well said chap!
 




 Wow I believed this too until I got further down the thread...
Btw thanks for doing this AMA, love you and the show!
 




 Fumey is a more challenging fight but Sir Alonne has my favourite lore  besides Velstadt.
 




 Sir Alonne is the master!
respect!
 




 Same here on my most recent playthrough. Summons just kept messing up my dodge timings, found it easier solo.
 




 Pretty slick, like the design.
 




 I know i dropped that nug around here somewhere.... 




 lol that explains a lot. I was so confused after reading all this shit about enemy placements in SOTFS and then never actually coming across them in game. (e.g. Heide knights before the Cathedral of Blue)  




 lol that's actually what I use as my chime! I haven't actually tried fighting with it though, I just love the way it looks. I'll give it a shot in combat today! 
 




 Xbox 360
 




 Really? I have only ever played the SOTFS edition and mine is still found just after the Pursuer boss fight.

I wonder if the PC and the console versions of SOTFS are different, because i've also heard things like the repair cost for Ring of Life Protection going up to 14k but it's still only 3k for me on 360...
 




 Yeah at first I liked the red cape but now I can't stand it after going through my entire first playthrough with it. I love Llewelyn, reminds me a lot of the Nightwatcher cloaks from GoT
 




 Not wallpapers but if you're a big fan of Stroboscopic Artefacts art you might enjoy this blog. It's super active and I regularly go on it to find links to artwork or just for inspiration. http://otakugangsta.com 




 Yeah you're right, one thing i've come to notice about the Souls games is that the best strategies for killing them are usually the lamest. Dodge around, wait for combo to end, attack or heal, repeat...

Dodging and getting down tight timings is fun, but I'd love to have a system that encourages head on fighting and more viable options for those who prefer aggressive tank play styles, instead of always just kite or be killed.  




 Lol I just tried out the grand lance against Velstadt. I ended up ditching the shield early in and just two handing it but yeah I rekt him first try, definitely a good suggestion! And may I just say damn what a difference agility makes with dodging in that fight. My first playthrough I never put anything into ADP and fights like Velstadt and Fume were soo much harder!
 




 yeah sorry I thought it was redundant but they're definitely Heides, got them whilst farming for the set.
 




 Perfect, I actually have the grand lance and lance already just for fucking around with. I'll definitely have to give them a shot. I like that I can have my shield up too.
 




 Alright so i'm well into my third play-through on my original character, and i'm just wondering if I could be optimizing my damage/protection a little bit more. 

I'm a str build knight with 40 faith for sunlight blade. I have been using a Drakeblood Greatsword+5 paired with the lightening clutch because the DBGS also has lightning damage already. I know certain weapons definitely do more scaling str damage outright (great club, mastodon GS, Zwei) but I find the agile moveset and low stamina-per-swing cost of the lighter (6.0) Drakeblood sword much easier for boss fights. 

Soo I'm sorta just wondering if there's an even better dps weapon for this sort of play style that I might have overlooked.

Also, for armour generally I do my own fashion souls thing but sometimes I need extra protection if a boss is just kicking my ass for some reason. Is there any better set in terms of weight to defence ratio than fully upgraded Drangleic? I've tried the Heide set, Drakeblood set, Elite Knight set, Loyce set... nothing seems quite as good.
 




 techno as fuck
 




 Seriously this is all I ever see on that sub now.  There were like two today. Why are all these bitches knitting gaming shit now anyway? 




 Is this feature only for Japan? 




 Just enjoy it for what it is, it won't ruin Dark Souls trust me. Definitely not as memorable a method of story telling or general atmosphere, but the gameplay is still as addictive as any other Souls game and from a logistical standpoint many aspects have certainly been improved.  




 Man I always knew BKS was amazing against demons but damn I didn't think it could one shot bosses. This was just in NG right?
 




 I agree with the points you made on level design, but personally I appreciate the difficulty of the new bosses like the Fume Knight and the Kings Pets duo. They're completely optional end-game dlc bosses, why shouldn't they put up a good fight? Fume knight is my favourite fight by far because of the large and unpredictable move set.
  




 Awesome! :)
 




 Depends on who you are I guess haha.
I love parrying, even in pve. Feels badass parrying a pursuer or a alonne knight. 




 It's not that hard, just comes down to timing. No better place to learn than FoFG 




 Yeah str builds are my fave. Makes every boss fight more intimate, ya know?

Oh and one last tip- If you're playing online don't always trust the highest rated message haha 




 Like others here have said, you just need to adjust your strategy a bit if you're used to playing BB. Up your defence game, get your dodge timings down and if you're really stuck go back and farm a few levels.

I find for the Lost Sinner, like most fast, small and aggressive bosses, it's easiest to dodge consecutive hits to the right (their left) and hug them with lock on. (make sure you can at least medium roll with an equip load less than 70%) This way you can quickly dodge behind them to either get in a few hits or heal up before they start the new attack combo. If you like using shields to block consider finding a spear, as you can thrust attack while keeping your shield up with them. 




 What are the giant sentinel things guarding Anor Londo in the hall then? They have the same armour as the giant set. Are they the same species as Gwyn or are they related to the blacksmith/Sens giants? 




 Learn how to parry if you haven't already got it down. It will definitely help down the road in certain circumstances, especially early game. 

High dps ranged magic or hexes trivialize a lot of the boss fights, if you prefer a challenge/more of a sense of achievement go melee.

And don't fight near wooden chests, if you smash them you lose whatever was inside and just get rubbish..


  




 I donno man, that kinda looks like he's repping the house of pride. :P 
I can see why they went with the look they did in the show, the armour is just more consistent with the Kings Landing aesthetic they've created.   




 ..O S are only the hardest if you don't do the dlc.. trust. Also they're a lot harder if you solo them, definitely look for npcs to interact with along your journey :P


They'll definitely give you a run for your money your first play through though.  




 What is your guy's "boss music?" Or do you just listen to the games score every time? I appreciate a good soundtrack and I definitely always listen to it the first couple times around, but sometimes it just feels so great when you're kicking a bosses ass to your personal favourite battle jams. For me its Berghain techno or UK dubstep, depending on the pace and the setting. Sir Alonne? battlemarch drum techno. Iron Golem? ass numbing dub vibes. What about you guys? 




 This would explain why she went off course to kill Stannis... You might as well complete all the objectives in an area before heading back to town for the exp.
 




 We need hypeman Petyr Baelish announcing them UFC style as they jog out into the ring to a trap remix of Next Episode by Dre and Snoop 




 YES 




 Every campaign mission I ever played ended like that last panel..
 




 I know i've seen that pic, I was jk 




 I agree, it wasn't very well thought out. I felt like the bonfires had better placements in the DLCs (for the most part), like you actually had to work to find them and the places they were in made sense.  




 Smough before he let himself go 




 Seriously? I did the same thing but killed Siegmeyer and went on to the next game like nothing happened. Cold as fuck.
 




 lol you really don't like that Sinners Rise bonfire do you?
 




 damn.
k thanks.
 




 I have my 35 loyce souls in my inventory but I get no new dialogue from Alsanna and the ice on the stairs hasn't receded at all yet. Is there something else to it i'm not doing right or did they increase the number of souls required in SotFS?
 




 I think it's because this type of post has already been done before (pineapple drawing handed in as school project and posted to r/trees) so to some it just seems like a rip-off to reap some karma. 




 Kill me now 




 I think Rush definitely gets the attention they deserve by now, they're the plot device to a Hollywood comedy for fuck sakes. Pretty much everyone in Canada knows a few Rush songs, for better or for worse.

 




 One time I reflex attacked Onion bro in the cathedral in Anor Londo. Super sad :(

Glad in DaS2 they gave you a bit of leeway with accidentally hitting npcs.
 




 If you like fantasy stories about knights and lords with lots of weapons, armour, combat, power struggles and demons/monsters then you can't go wrong. Also it's Japanese so expect lots of fucked up sex scenes and gratuitous gore/disturbing imagery.

Story is on point though, it hits home for a lot of people. The characters aren't black and white, or pure good and pure evil, which makes things more interesting and less clichd.

 




 Right? I was picturing a robot ninja like the one from the movie Robot Ninja...
 




 Am I missing something? All this video did was demonstrate that we have the ability to use a robotic arm to precisely mimic human arm movements (which shouldn't come as a surprise to people given we already use them to laser cut complex designs to perfection). It's not like the machine bests him in a standoff. Barely even shows what the human was capable of, anybody can hack apart bamboo stalks or slice an orange in half for a camera...
 




 I just watched the Eclipse scene with 0 foresight into what was going to happen and damn... that escalated quickly.
 




