




 at least 




 I didn';t write the title so perhaps message the washington post insted of just downvoting 




 rich people things 









 anyone going? 



















 FYI- The author of the article has a reddit account 



























































 A look at the Abel test, and the controverisal application of it in certain legal systems. Can a test really tell the truth so easily? 





























 drought is not awesome  









 IT'S ALL POLITICS MAN 




 WATCH ALWRENCE OF ARABIA FOR PERSPECTIVE 




 And Alien 




 i spat at a mime once and the crowd was not please

turns out it wasn't a mime it was someone having a stroke  




 right too

rumours they are bringing some everton winger from the 3rd division in amreica to ruin the club
 




 you have to eat your losses

hahahahhahahahahahahhahhhsahfahfhsafhasdhfahfhdafh 




 bottom left i marion cotillard 

top ccentre is tom keaten, busters brother who was a director for a few weeks  




 Norm looks fat these days from the bacon and cocaine and gambling 




 lego will build anything you ask them to, I write them all the time to do stuff and they always do, last time they built a copy of my dog but when my dog got knocked down i made them update it with blood but i think they used ketchup as they are busy people

fun fact: the average lego employee claims to have 3 degrees when in fact most of them are deeply illiterate  














 they are drunks 




 Mars 




 no I just wait for the next full moon 




 China 




 damn I was white last week  but I changed 




 Japan is not developed? 




 Brad Pitt looks as much as he wants and no one calls him an asshole. Or is that pIcaso 




 Who is we?

 




 mad skillz 




 http://stm.sciencemag.org/content/7/295/295fs28.abstract 














 Guy in my class is always trying to arrange meetings outside of hours, tried to hold one before class for a simple early project that was unnecessary, talking about renting a room somewhere so we can all as a class work after hours, tries to organise parties and dinners. Everyone just ignores him. 




 hello 2 




 hello 




 the bots made me change
 









 test audiences are fucking stupid 




 you don't have a girlfriend 




 you lucky man michael the saints would weep yet be proud 









 I feel more than you. and you bellitle all of me. I don't care what you have to say. I live it truly everyday, and online you are amazing in your own heradsl normlal world you are just a sad voce in a a vrowd 




 miles teller 




  23 cases related to the womans health and three to potential suicide

i GOOGLE QUICK SHIT LIKE THIS MAN 




 The quintuplet consists of a pair of closely linked stars - binaries - **one of which has a lone companion;** it is the first known system of its kind.

I think that is why it is different but I'm not a space scientist
 




 at fist i was liek who the fuck is this guy and then iwent oh that guy from animal kingdom and that brad ptt movie and some other shit I saw him in

awesome actor

like a austarlian paddy considine.  




 fine woman, fine fine woman 




 I hope you serve good steak at your parties because your opinions are wild and unscrupulous  









 Someone asked, I answered what it was 




 if you insert a different word instead of words it become something really interesting

cake is the word 




  Your moms a slow news day. 




 Jesus lifeprotips has suddenly become "obvious shit that people know and do in some form or another"

inb4 thats the point they actually dont 




 Jesus Freakism. 









 I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR EYES 




 How would I know that? I can't afford leave my home country. 









 What is it like being spoiled and rich and never having to worry about anything? 







































 Sounds like a STEM thing 



















 You are simplifying things to the point where it is pointless even responding to you any further than this message. 




 awful response 




 With all the pro technology adapt or die comments on reddit it is sometimes difficult to get this point across. Basic income when money can be made will be either laughed at or just simply nto enough for adequate meaninful living.

People will be bored. And drunk. And high.

HUmanity will crash 




 the show must have been very expensive  




 psychopaths and medicine go hand in hand someone once told me 




 Protecting animals and things like that 




 I wrote poems on flimsy paper 

ever wipe your ass on a poem?

it's a real tragedy  




 I dont have friends 




 Are you meaning internet one? 




 self-loathing is quite powerful 




 #lol 




 [I was!](http://i.imgur.com/K5m3UTp.jpg) 




 what the fuck is your point 









 It confuses the critics and general audiences.

I have never met general audience but I hear he is a fine leader of men 




 I was paralytic once from something and a stranger was at the door, friend of house owner, owner says to me 'he's cool don't worry, talks shot but he is cool'

Guy sits next to me as I am flaked out of my gourd and starts tlaking utter shit about meeting mob guys when he was in New York

I am sitting there plastered like a fecal remnant on a dead and krusty porcelain remainder and scanning the wall looking for some escape

That paranoia... that paranoia

Eventually I concentrated hard enough that shit started to dance for me on the low shelf across the way. It was a shoelace. A shoelace saved me.

Then my friend says lets watch requiem for a dream.

Strange film to watch paralytic and paranoid with a fucking weirdo who won't shut up about his imaginings 

Writing this is strange but this is all fucking true

True as st.peter 




 goodfellas, just took the pitch and ran with it, so much good directing and acting, just jammed a life into 2 hours 30 




 I what who what now what 




 THAT IS NOT THE QUESTION  




 it could read

"James Bond quack quack donkey reflex commando comic read now bust magician." 




 Eat right and exercise. You will get fat quickly you lazy fucks. 




 This will be a landslide. 

 









 Go to Korea Dave. The starving need you. Do it you salty bohemian fuck.  















































































