 Good on you for editing the wiki! I always get so happy when I see people doing things like that. I would love to hear an episode of the podcast where they go through the wiki correcting things.  




 Yes! Back then the character would just have one little thing prepared and everything else was a new slate. Like Ice-T and his inventions. 




 -s-s-s-s-s.

I got you OP. 




 My favourite Reggie moment is when Scott does the beginning "thanks for playing the song, bye Reggie" thing and then a few minutes later he actually comes on mic and asks can he stay for the show.

I was binge listening and didn't see the guest list so it was a total surprise. 




 I don't know what Avenue Q is but I was talking about the custom puppets you see advertised online. 




 I loved that show so much. I also love the live action Muppet Babies in The Muppets Take Manhattan.  




 I don't believe they're available for sale anywhere and it wouldn't really be worthwhile. They'd be about 100 dollars each to buy but only 20 dollars or so to make. 

Edit: Eh...sorry for answering your question? If you need help making them I can give you a hand I've made quite a few puppets but none of the quality of those in the show.  









 Why do you guys not like Jim Gaffigan, I've only really heard of him. 




 The one where he talks about, I think it's a Woody Allen movie, is my favourite of his appearances.  




 He seemed similar at the entourageathon, I think he's just more comfortable when he's hosting his own stuff.  




 Luckily this episode was only based over two nights.  




 Yep it's a fake stomach.  




 I actually disliked that shot because I found it sort of unrealistic that all of the photos were recent of all kids. The photos in my home and other homes I know of normally have a mix of old and new.  




 That book to me is by far the stupidest part of the whole series. It makes absolutely no sense. 




 Yeah that's why I feel like I relate more to Z than Y. I feel like my life was more like the lives of late Z's than early Y's. 

Edit: I changed Y for X.  




 Ooh yeah I should explain. Generation Y is considered the people born between the 80's and early 90's/early 2000's based on who you ask. And Generation Z is people born between mid 90's/early 2000's and late 00's based on who you ask.  




 I'm very interested in the whole generation name things. And most of the people on this sub could be in either depending on who you ask. Except some of the younger ones are pretty much definitely Generation Z. 




 Nope it's satire but you shouldn't let that affect your enjoyment.  




 Well the project it's from is very much someone trying to do Tim and Eric. http://youtu.be/75z7BM5FsNY It's not nearly absurd enough for my taste though.  




 Anyone have a link to the song? 




 Like today :( 




 News stories? 




 I wish there was a solution as easy as that. 




 That could be a bot though. 




 What sort of things? Can you give me an example of something that has already happened today I could predict? 




 I'm just checking so I can get help if it happens again tomorrow. 









 Well yeah if you couldn't get through Pride and Prejudice you shouldn't be able to get through Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. The whole point is that it is as similar to the original as possible but eith zombies. If this film will follow suit I imagine it to have similar soundtrack, direction and cinematography of a normal period drama but with the zombie plot added in. 




 There is currently /r/blackout2015 









 I've had trouble with this too recently. It seems a bunch of the old ones were with playmo.tv and they've stopped doing it. I'll have to try out ones linked in the comments here. 




 Are the best scenes yet to come? 




 I have a feeling a lot of visual stuff was going on. Expecially that second scene with the teacher and the students. The audience were laughing at moments of pure silence for us. 









 I guess so but it technically isn't really related. Schrodinger's Cat isn't really about timelines. They just fit it in. 




 The new Rick and Morty got it right, didn't it? They were just a bunch of flying cats. 




 But which on are the mods going to go with? The guy who wants to ban you for using it or you????? Ehhhh.... should I say it or not...

What about a word like it....


like....

RAVIOLI RAVIOLI 









 I'd say they would be more similar than just animated actually. Both of them revolve around a family dynamic mixing with high concept sci-fi. Infact the character dynamic feels similar in the pilot with Jerry trying to "bust" Rick similar to Candace.  




 You could donate to Harmontown. 




 I fucked my dog since there is no laws during the leap second. 




 The UK Apprentice. It feels very classy for a reality show and I think the fact it's on the BBC helps. There is only "last times" and "next times" at the start and end of each show rather than between commercials since there aren't any commercials. Also while the show does focus on the drama between contestants it doesn't do it as blatantly as other shows. 




 Well this is a kids tv show so I'd say this doesn't represent him. 




 I have a feeling Community will be blamed. 




 Good job! I wanted the one holding the puppet to be on the right in both. 




 In all Pixar movies or all the toy story movies? 




