 As far as I can tell, its always. Maybe its just consistent enough for me to imagine its always. The tone haunts my dreams. 




 What we're actually watching is a hate crime in the making. The turtle radiates contempt for the cat and will stop at nothing to see him fall. 




 This is driving my absolutely crazy, my notification sound goes off every 5 or so minutes with no new notifications coming through. I can't seem to find the place where notifications are reminded, so that may fix it. I have Flow Lite and Twilight running always, so if anyone else with these apps has had something similar please help me. 




 The Salty Spittoon episode. I'll have you know I stubbed my toe  while watering my spice garden last week and I only cried for twenties minutes. Plus there was a place called mega weenie hut junior. 




 I heard a recorded Demetri Martin standup routine where you played a piano or sang in the background or something like that. How did he get you for that?  




 woo iowa! 




 What were your inspirations when you were younger? 




 Is Gillian Jacobs as dope in real life as she is at Greendale Community College? Followup question, when you gave your show at Bonnaroo, did you kick it with Hannibal? And I think i gave you a perfect handshake in passing on the farm. 




 Chris, was the tattoo of the kid urinating on an FM radio and a television drawn on in sharpie? Thank god the AM radio was floating on the magic carpet. 




 Did you ever get a lawyer for the boner police? My real question is, could you please please please disclose any and all information regarding Rick and Morty season 2? I'm almost half way sick of rewatching the same ten episodes. Down with FM radio and thank you! 




 Is Pepsi okay? 









 This is how I Am Legend started 




 fuck yessss, then Zombino spits some mad lyrics for 40 minutes.  




 Not only do they kill him off, they show it in the TRAILER!! Olivia Wilde throws him into a metal cabinet and you hear him screaming as it bends inward, then Even Peters is seen later begging to know what happened to Niko, Donald's character. I don't know why Hollywood feels the need to kill off black characters first, but this time it hits a little too close to home. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90GKwd10KRc 




 Roses are red
Verne is awesome
If you give me bacon
My butthole will blossom 

Too graphic? 




 When I was 14, I was at Long John Silver's for the first time and had been checking out a high school girl in a small black skirt for 10 or so minutes. When her and her friends got up to leave, she leaned over facing away from me to show she WASN'T WEARING UNDERWEAR. LJS's has never been the same for me. 
EDIT: This story seems fake even in my own memory. 




 Hey David! I'm Matt. 

After AD got cancelled, what was it like realizing how big of a cult following you had? How did you even find out how popular it was becoming? I mean, i imagine Netflix had some type of online data report that said something like, hey this kid in Iowa just watched all three seasons in two days. Hypothetical example. I remember seeing jokes about a fourth season 4 years ago and thinking they were as crazy as Firefly having another season. Unrelated story, i found the first season of Firefly on box set in my dad's closet and asked why he had it. He said his buddy let him borrow it a few years ago but never gave it back because he liked it so much. He then said he forgot about the show and can't wait to watch all of the new seasons. 

I know you had nothing to do with Firefly.

 




 The crocodile was going to be in a commercial for a fire sale but they gave the part to the purple boy. 




 Who the fuck ate your hard boiled eggs? Even if it meant taking a chubby, would you suck it up? 

Also Megamind is one of my favorite animated movies and deserved more recognition, you were my favorite space step mom from any Dreamworks film. 




 I'm talkin' $10 or less. Single colors are fine, i'm just going to wear them open over a tee shirt anyway. 




 sweet jism, look at that prism 




 http://www.brixton.com/brixton-products/brixton-mens/brixton-mens-headwear/snapbacks/cavern.html

I was really into this snapback since my friend has a Brixton snapback I've worn and loved, but I scrolled to the right and saw how it fit that model's head and was swayed away from it. I'm a low budget college kid just trying to look good, i'm usually in loose cardigans and tees with skinnies but I think a hat like this will really pull the look together. So my question is, do any of you have any knowledge with this type of hat? What color would look good with a darker palate?  




 *chaos..... reigns* 




 Note to self: Use mew and mewtwo's birthdays from Cinnibar Island every year, instant fame. 




 South Park did it. 




 Back when the gamecube came out, I used to bite myself until the skin would break because I couldn't beat the fucking fantasy worlds in super Mario sunshine with the giant spinning blocks.  




 But the laugh track tells me when to laugh! 




 Ah, the rare picture of a Japanese person from in the 1980's, when they were all 8bit.  




 Director George Romero? Who's that?  




 Hey Maisie, what's it like walking around with the same last name as me? Do people ever ask if we're related? I bet you get that all the time 









 Those rodeo clowns will never know what hit 'em 




 The internet has newly informed me that Red Bull is two words\_()_/ 









 This is how i am legend started 




 I used to think i knew, but now i'm not sure. 




 Streetlamp 




 I'll forgive you this time 




 Hell yeah, life after beth was really enjoyable for me but it's more of a black comedy than a horror movie  




 This is normal in Peru  




 I believe this to be fake  




 ;( 




 Pabu! 




 I've seen Planes enough times to know this is El Chupacabra 




 I've said this many times to many people, but The Walking Dead isn't even about zombies. My parents are disgusted at the idea of an undead show, but the antagonists are the humans. That's when it's annoying when they STILL try to make a suspenseful fight scene with walkers. No main characters will die in some bullshit 30 second beef with 2 walkers, stop pretending that's what's going to happen. 









 Kid's eyein that piece  




 Why are there no big canine species besides the wolf? 




 See, I don't get it either. Maybe I've just known of her for too long. I didn't think she was hot when she was 14 and she still reminds me of Jackie. 




 Finally there is an elegant, comfortable mitten... for cats! 




