  aspartame tastes like complete hot ass

Unless you're into that. 




  I mean, this is a book where the main character has to come up with a name for an energy measurement and he chooses "pirate ninjas."

Please tell me you're joking... 




 Take a deep knee bend buddy. Not judging the book, simply stating that A realistic portrayal of how science is done is not enough to make something entertaining. 




  Yeah, fuck people for liking a semi-realistic portrayal of how science is done

That's doesn't make something a good novel, though.  A peer reviewed journal article is a realistic portrayal of how science is done, but that doesn't make it entertaining.  I think the point was you need *more* that just realistic science. 




 Research says that's what the vast majority of people want. 




 I haven't read the book, but people in the thread indicate that that line is entirely in keeping with Damon's character. 









 Why did you ask for advice if you've already decided everything about the strength of your case? 









 No, they think the specific phrase "freedom of speech" refers to its use in the 1st Amendment.  




 The vast majority of Americans understand "freedom of speech" to refer to the protections offered in the first amendment.  









 Sorry, I missed those ones.  I'll delete this.  Thanks! 




  I was thinking of filing a motion to dismiss based on the fact that I was allowed to be at the premises

You were not arrested for trespassing, you were arrested to entering a crime scene.  It doesn't matter if you had permission, the cops don't let people enter a crime scene where they could potentially contaminate it. 




 The fact that so many people in that thread are bending over backwards to defend a guy overreacting should make clear to anyone how the general population of reddit feels about women. 




 I don't know anyone with that mindset. It's strange that someone would come to a party brining their own beer for only them to drink. I've just never encountered it.  




 Mmmmmm I just took another bite.  Still delicious. 




 I'm enjoying this back and forth while eating a delicious bacon cheeseburger.  No regrets. 




 110 is ridiculously fast.  At that speed you're unlikely to get much of a deal from the prosecutor.  Maybe they'd drop the license plate ticket.  You're looking at several points on your license and a possible suspension depending on how angry the judge is at you and your driving history.  A lawyer will probably cost between 500-1000. 




 Yooooooooo 




 Other people breaking the law does not allow you to do so.  




 Nothing.  He wants to know if he can break the lease for this. 




 I was hoping this would be grounds for me to break my contract and leave earlier.

Almost certainly not.  Your landlord has no responsibility for or control over the actions of the police. 




 Parents make permanent medical decisions for their children all the time.  




  you don't mind at all that the irreversible procedure was done without your consent? That you never got the choice?

Could not care less. 




 Your insurance company will appoint an attorney to defend you in this case.  




 Hortense.  




 Thanks.  [We're in the third circuit and that seems to be the rule here.](http://www.trenklawfirm.com/publications/tuition_debt_is_dischargeable.pdf) 




 I've had unpaid tuition discharged in bankruptcy without issue in the past. 




 Doesn't that teach them to blindly obey authority? They're still not convinced. Your explanation changed nothing. They're still doing what your said only because you're the one who said it.  




 You should never blindly obey anyone or anything. Ever.

That's kind of silly. Your first day on the job you don't know if your boss ip has any idea what he's doing. You still listen when he gives direction. 




  If I sell urine to someone and I don't sell it for a direct purpose, I don't believe I can be held liable.

Buncha lawyers just told you you're wrong.  But I bet you know better, right? 




  If I sell you matches and you light a house on fire, am I liable?

Yeah, you're selling it to help people beat drug tests, and you're going to get caught and punished for it.  You're trying to super duper clever here, and no one is buying it, and neither would the police, the prosecutor, the judge, or the jury. 




 *The legality depends on the purpose.* 




 Agreed good sir! 




 I like to think we're all a subhuman pos upvotes or no. 









 This guy 




 The lawyer cannot sue the insurance company because they are not a party. His girlfriend would still be sued and the insurance company pays.  




 Is this a real question? Of course they do.  









 No, it isn't, and that case has no applicability here. See /u/thepatman comment.  




 You're right, I'm a dope, carry on! 




 Need to np. that link OP. 




 It might be a good idea to call your bar association, give them the details, and ask them for a recommendation.  They may know an attorney that specializes in this type of work. 




 Your main concern should not be legal issues but administrative ones.  




 could a person expect trouble if they warned someone on the street not to answer police questions?

Yes, it's very possible that you would be interfering with a police investigation.  You know little or nothing about a situation you happen upon while walking down the street.  The person could be a witness, a victim, or an old friend of the officer stopping to chat.  It's inappropriate to stick your nose in without knowing the circumstances, and especially without any legal training. 




 So as the title says, I've been to three lawyers and most have come across as telling me it wasn't worth it or to just chalk it up as a life lesson. One told me I'd be lucky if I got close to half back (after legal fees). I refuse to believe that.

If three lawyers have all told you the same thing you should probably believe them.  If three doctors told you to take a certain medicine you'd be crazy to go on WebMD and do something different.

In any case no one here can review your paperwork, which would create an attorney client relationship. 




  Are you also a lawyer?

Clearly not.

 Is this the right thing to do?

No. 




  As far as I know, if you're legally married, you are not required to testify against your spouse and can plead the 5th.

Again, you're completely wrong regarding the 5th Amendment.

Calling the cops on your spouse is pretty morally fucked up

Nah, abusing your spouse is morally fucked up and someone being abused should absolutely call the police.

Tell them you refuse to testify against your wife.

This is contempt.

At least you are learning a valuable lesson about the realities of the Justice system here.

Your multiple misstatements of fact and law show that you have no clue how the justice system works. 




  don't you have Fifth Ammendment rights with regard to testifying against a spouse

No, the Fifth Amendment has nothing to do with testifying against a spouse.

why not tell the prosecutor that he isn't going to answer any questions

That's contempt.

Besides maybe an afternoon in jail on a contempt charge won't be so bad..

You're held until you agree to testify. 




 I suppose it's possible that the woman hired would be unable to complete an essential job function. The employer could fire her, reduce her pay, promote her, or transfer her. There's no law that says anything MUST be done in that situation.  




 I don't understand your question.  




 No there is no law that says if an employee is physically stronger they must be paid more than other employees, even if the employer doesn't do a strength test on their bus personnel.  




 If they're too heavy for anyone else to carry your boss says you need to carry it. There's no law that says you must be paid more for this.  




 This is not discrimination.  




  I should just allow them to fuck up my future just because of my ingenuity?

YOU fucked up your future.  Take some responsibility for your own actions. 




   her explanation introduces doubt as to whether or not she means what she is saying.

Not every doubt is a *reasonable* doubt. 




 I see at least $10 in compensatory and $1,000,000 in punitives here.  




  
 Except that I cannot sue when my order is wrong.

I'll take that case pro bono for you! 




 I've taken and settled cases like this. More than one. McDonalds didn't get your order right? Of course no emotional damages. You got sexually assaulted? The guy admitted it? And you got jerked around in the other avenues you tried? You're damn right you can recover for this.  




 Physical and emotional damages. If you don't think being sexually assaulted is a case for emotional damages you're nuts.  




  I did not feel she has a civil case.

It's astounding to me that you feel someone that is raped has no civil recourse.  




 I like you most of the time, but this is a stupid comment. Our course you can sue civilly for rape. It's sexual assault. Just like you can sue if someone punches you in the head. 




 Some guy in Europe made his country.  









   It does make you their client though, meaning that they must act in your best interest on this matter.

There is no requirement for money to change hands to become a client. 




 It's actually not like that at all.  There is no requirement whatsoever that money change hands to create an attorney client relationship.  That scene, while cool, has no basis in reality. 




 They can charge him at any time up to the statute of limitations, which is measured in years, not months.  This is perfectly legal. 




 Likely yes.  




 k 




 You have to understand that lawyers make money by charging clients. There not really any resource for free legal advice even if you only want one question answered. If you want this done right you need to pay a local attorney for an hour of their time.  




 Because I prefer the look and feel of soft hairless skin. Not because I prefer my women to be subjugated.  




 Bullshit. Whether or not the standard is sexist in its origin does not somehow make me wrong for preferring that today. It's astounding to say "hey there's nothing wrong with preferences but your preferences are wrong. Change them." 




 I dunno.  I've been with my wife for over 10 years.  I know what she likes and I play to that to make her happy.  She does the same thing.  She likes my head shaved.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but it makes her really happy, so, why not?  She's not a big fan of high heels, but on the once or twice a month we get a chance for date night she wears them because she knows I like it.  I think the quote takes it way too far, in that it's an order, but you can absolutely make changes and compromises and still have a happy relationship. 




