 How did you get out?
also, congratulations on getting out  




 need not find a cure for everything that makes you weak- city and colour 




 stressed as shit.  




 hahaa i didnt yet...i tried once but im taking this message as a sign to try again 




 i did, and im obsessed. you have good taste :)  




 i almost screamed aloud in english class.. 




 Educational background? 
Awesome stories, btw 




 i am so jealous  




 Get any tattoos recently?  




 How do I stop mourning the end of Weeds? /help  




 Michael Cera  




 tampons 




 second this but with Stick Around 




 "theres no points in heaven for suffering"
 
it blew my mind at the time 




 I want to go back into counseling. I am miserable right now: not enjoying anything, over compulsive eating, not wanting to take my meds etc. but I'm on my parents insurance and I feel so guilty for burning through it if I go back to counseling. What if something bad happens (god forbid) but the insurance is all burnt out because of me?  




 i hear ya  




 no problem!! seeing Transit's acoustic show next week cant wait 




 State Champs and Transit 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nmmjr/iama_man_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with_his 




 funeralformyfat.tumblr.com  




 medication, and depression recovery blogs (shut up, most are cheesy but there are some good ones out there)  




 i would do very illegal things for a Midtown reunion. very illegal.  




 we both worked in a bagel shop, he told me to take out the trash and in the back was Prom? spelled out in bagels...it worked 




 Being in the army. After meeting some Israeli soliders, being in the IDF seems so badass but i know i wouldnt be able to handle actually being in boot camp  




 I totally get you about the gym thing. Same boat. I think some confidence would look great on you, like the almost smile in the second picture. Keep your head up! 




 this shit is good.  




 THAT ALL GRAD SCHOOL IN AMERICA WAS FREE. kk  




 your bone structure makes me swoooon. keep doing what you're doing 




 that's precious. 




 I just want to say im sorry this happened to you, and it seems like you have a positive outlook about it. hope you're doing well!  




