 In the US, the Supreme Court has ruled that innocence is not a standard for a appellate habeas relief. 
In plain English it means that in the US you can be wrongfully convicted of murder, and everybody from juror to judge to executioner can agree without a shadow of a doubt that you're innocent, and you can still be put to death. 
Cullen v Pinholster 




 Knights of the Old Republic 

"The force is a powerful thing. I heard it can wipe away entire identities..." 




 I'm pregnant. It's yours. 




 TIL that Brian Grazer was child molester too. 




  I'm a film student struggling to pay for an expensive film school. I have written a pilot that I'm shooting for my senior thesis and I've got a feature script just laying in a drawer. I have no qualms saying I'm the best producer at my school, because I'm the only one who will do WHATEVER IT TAKES to make the story happen. I know how to do every job on set, and I have a wealth of film school contacts who would be willing to work for free.
Can you make money as a porn producer anymore? If I shot a porn, I know a cinematographer who could make it look like a work of art with just a DSLR and some china balls. And my PD department would be hella artsy. What does the porn distribution model look like anyway? 

I'd ask my film school professors, but they'd be really shitty about it. 




 Gold futures. So long as the market is in contango, you're guaranteed to make a profit. The only way to lose money is if the gold gets stolen. 




 I'm alcoholism and I'm slowly killing Santa Claus. Why? Because his dad used to put cigarettes out on his neck. 
Also, it was a comedy. 




 The Germans sign "3" with their thumb, index, and middle finger. 




 I'm studying humor, so if there are any veteran comedian redditors out there, what makes the scene:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8PHNiCWLsc

So freaking funny?

EDIT: Real quick disclaimer. I'm not asking whether or not the clip is funny. This is not about opinions. I need to do an essay on humor and frustration and I got assigned this clip by the teacher. I'm just asking how the humor is constructed. 









 Somebody fix this. Looking for a cheap, effective way to keep from sneezing when I play with my dog.
 




 Yeah, a lot of guys like that are so brilliant at their jobs and so terrible at picking up clues from girls. I was that for years. I'd bet money that he probably secretly worries why he can't find any girls who are interested in him. You guys sound like a perfect match: you both understand the demands of hectic career schedules and you both like each other. This stage of the relationship isn't really about getting to know each other better, its about attracting each other. Make your desire known, really known, before the coffee date is over and don't stop until he's totally aware no matter how  unnatural it feels. Later, He'll thank you for taking the emotional risk to break through his densess. 




 Do it. I would be so bummed if a sweetheart like you decided not to talk to me at the gym. Hell, that's the only reason we go to the gym. Wear the sluttiest outfit you have, and ask if he can spot you while you lift something heavy. Then lift it wrong and have him show you how to do it right. Preferably something that requires a lot of thrusting. 
If that doesn't work, it's a lost cause.  




 Give him an opportunity to throw his cards on the table. You don't need to see him at a bar or wait for him to hit on you. Send him a text at 2am. You need him to come over and kill a spider or fix a doorknob or whatever. He'll either be at your door or he won't. Either way you'll have an answer.  









