 Pretty much everything I hate in other people is something I recognize as a negative trait in myself. I just try to associate myself with people that I look up to and admire, and hopefully their loveliness will rub off on me :) 




 I'm broke. This might be my last Christmas with my mother, and I'm so sad I won't be able to give her a great Christmas morning. I'm trying to swing getting her a gift card to a spa, but I don't know if I can do it because good spas are expensive. I don't know what to do. I've just been thinking of every dollar I spent this semester and how much I regret spending them. Christmas is hard :( 




 I'm so sorry. I have a similar situation with my mom, except we don't know how much time she'll have, which makes it really scary. I don't know if this will be my last Christmas with her, or if I'll have three more Christmases with her. Or more. Or if she'll even make it to Christmas. She's had to change treatment several times because it seems to be working splendidly, and then it stops working completely. As an only child with a dad not in the picture, it's hard for me to imagine my life without my mom. I feel like I'll just be alone--the one person I trust above everyone else will be gone. It's been hard to come to terms with that, but I've found a lot of comfort just in being able to appreciate every moment I have with her. I always ask her about her life, what things were like when she was younger, etc., because I want to know as much about her before she's gone. It's completely changed my relationship with my mother. I feel closer to her than I ever have before. And it's also changed my relationship with everyone in general--I now know that life is really fragile and could end at any time, so I try to love every moment with every person I know.

I hope you can come to see this situation as a time to learn to appreciate your father more. I'll definitely be thinking of you this holiday season. Enjoy it :) 




 If you like computers, find people who also like computers! Talk to some women in your major. If someone in one of your classes does something awesome in class or seems to have a better grasp of the subject than you do, then talk to her about it. You don't have to force it--just get to know her a little over the course of the semester. And don't be afraid to eventually ask if she wants to work together on a project or something.

Or you could join a CS-related club! That's a wonderful way to meet someone who's passionate about the same things you are. 

Good luck! :) 




 Yep. I have a roommate like this, it's horrible. Whenever she has a problem with someone in the house, instead of politely and patiently saying, "Hey, I noticed you turned the heat up a little high--would you mind just using a space heater or some extra blankets, because I can't afford to pay that bill," she'll just bombard the person with assholery without them even knowing anything was wrong in the first place! She always just jumps to the most dramatic and angry way of handling a problem, rather than just talking it over and making a compromise that's fair to everyone. 




 Wow, that's awful. I hope she eventually recovered. :( 




 JASON BOURNE. YOU'RE JASON BOURNE. 




 Oh man, one of the things I miss the most is goldfish crackers--you should post some of your successful recipes on /r/glutenfreecooking !!! That would be amazing! I'm recently diagnosed and I'm a broke college kid who has almost exclusively been eating gluten free soups and tortilla chips for the past few months (needless to say I've lost a lot of weight...not a great thing), and I miss all the old snacks I used to eat! :( 




 Yeah, just because I knew he was the relationship kind of guy and I wasn't prepared to enter into a relationship at that point in my life. He's a great guy, though--still a good friend, and he's happily with a girl who loves him a lot. :) 




 The best first date I've ever been on was with my current SO. We went to an open-air flea market in our city that sold a ton of antiques--there was a lot of really cool stuff that we were able to joke about and it helped spark a lot of great conversations. After we were done at the flea market we wandered around a little, exploring all the cool places in our city's historic district, and we eventually found a spot near the river where we just sat for hours and talked. We then went to my favorite restaurant, and then afterwards we saw a movie at a cool little local theater.

The reason it was so special is that it was kind of an all-day event. I mean, we spent HOURS walking around, talking, etc. It came naturally to us--it didn't feel forced or anything.

Also, it was awesome because we both got to show each other some of our favorite places--unique shops, cool, hidden spots, and so on. If you want to take someone on a great first date and have it actually mean something, show them one of your favorite places! 




 I work at a grocery store in a neighborhood largely comprised of 50- and 60-somethings, and at least twice in a shift I'll get told by one of them that I look like Julianne Moore. It's cool, because Julianne Moore is definitely an attractive woman, but also not very cool because Julianne Moore is 54 years old and I'm significantly younger than that. 




 Oh, Paul... 




 That's hilarious. Did he have the wrong building or something? 




 This [gave me an idea](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2p094u/ras_of_reddit_what_is_the_craziest_thing_youve/)... 









 This is creepy, but also... I'm laughing? 




 I absolutely agree she should have called the FD/PD, but I'm sure it was difficult to even get a word in edgewise and explain what was going on while that guy was raging at her. Plus, the guy who filmed it wasn't able to get his point across to the operator very well because the crazy dude just kept interrupting him as he was trying to explain that he was having an asthma attack.

It seems to me, though, like the operator wasn't really trained for emergency situations at all, because she handled it very poorly and didn't seem to know what to do. She didn't even give any medical advice on how to calm down a person having an asthma attack (or a guy who debatably was having a panic attack). But I wouldn't go so far as to say it was "her fault for getting yelled at" by any means--how on earth could she control how another person was acting?  




 I have no idea, that's what the website said? Keep in mind, I only work part-time (I'm a student). I definitely make more that $2.64 an hour, haha 




 For me, it said it would take him 11 seconds... 




 Exactly, and the way he kept referring to her as a "foul-mouthed young lady" and shit like that--like how prudish and ignorant do you have to be to hear the word "fuck" and decide that that is somehow grounds for arresting someone or refusing them care? She wasn't even directing the word at him, she was just freaking out about her father. I'd say that's a natural reaction, but that guy was horrible about it. 




 It seemed more like she was trying to calm the guy down when they were talking to her in part 2, but then in part 3 I think she was just tired of being threatened and called a bitch. She probably should have treated it more like an emergency situation, but the guy yelling at her definitely made is more difficult to do so--all around the guy who filmed this is just entrapped in a clusterfuck of other people's outrage. And all he needs is his asthma puffer. :( 




 Never seen it, I'll have to check it out. That's an awesome story, it would be really interesting to follow something like that 




 I live in Pennsylvania. We have terrible infrastructure. There are so many potholes! So many!!! And especially after last winter. 




 Someone should write a movie about you, holy shit 




