 I have to admit that Facebook seemed to have increased the quality of my life in the past. At this point, everything looks rather gloomy. In fact, I don't play any games other than the scrabble-esque Words With Friends. In the last few weeks, I have played my move with the first word that I can think of, without considering whether it is a high-point word, just to get rid of the notification. 




 The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/ 




 That being gay is a choice. 




 I'm from India where there is not too much awareness about the significance of bees in pollination. Hives are burned because people are scared of getting stung. How can we educate the masses? 




 I completely agree. I have not accessed Facebook for over the months and am considering deleting my account. Reddit is way better. 




 That's an interesting strategy. My shrink suggested that I learn to say "Good." He calls these white lies. I still haven't been able to do it. :/ 




 I'm generally careful about alcohol intake. Don't like the sensation of totally drunk or the aftereffects. 




 "I've been better" seems to be the right answer for my state. 




 I always feel like this at parties. But I can't dance and I don't get the high. Conversations with interesting people and about interesting topics. Alcohol helps me to lighten up. But that's temporary. 




 There are times when I have felt similarly lost. But I have been under therapy for over five years now and I keep myself going with some good friends and help from my boyfriend. I am a musician as well. So I set some goals in learning new techniques skills or improving existing ones. Apart from that, at times when everything out there appears so intimidating, I increase my already avid range of sports and entertainment options. For example, with the world cup football around, I'm trying to follow nations and their star players. I eventually want to follow the club leagues and competitions so that I have something to look forward to other than friends and music. 




 Like most here, I hate being asked how I feel or what's wrong. I find it hard to lie. Being honest works out easier for me and I end up saying things that end up hurting other people. I have been in a phase where I'm excessively antisocial. I procrastinate replying to personal communication and when I do reply, it is brief and sounds "unfriendly." I am off of social networking sites as well. The only good thing is that I know that I'm not alone in my struggles. 




 I am undergoing treatment for depression. During my rather "low" phases, I cannot stand the positivity floating around, especially on social networking sites. I've been avoiding them for some time now. Does anyone have a suggestion for a coping mechanism? 




