 Meh. I like my shape. My meds made me gain a couple pounds though. And I can't just go to a gym even if I wanted to.  




 Yes. 




 Thanks. Purses are dumb, tool belts are where it's at.  




 Yes it is. I have a lot of health conditions so if I have any weight on my shoulders they get horribly sore. Also I love my tool belt. It cost $10 and will last forever.  




 Earl? It doesn't get in the way. 




 How does someone even look like they like anal? 




 How is it self destructive? I'm just wondering how clothing can self destructive.  




 Not into anal. Not goth. 




 And bored. It's crazy how many girls on here are gorgeous but they are saying how self conscious they are when they are all way prettier than I am. Not that I think I am bad looking. I am pretty confident in my appearance especially when I have makeup on. I just don't look like all the other pretty girls here.     
I live an "alternative" life and have unconventional looks (physically and with how I choose to dress). So I'm not really concerned about looking like a fashion model. But I suppose I am curious as to what people think.     
Thanks!       
http://imgur.com/a/pzxRJ 














 Looks like I am about to be diagnosed with HEDS. It feels like I am going to lose everything. I am back in my home state seeking treatment because of how much pain I have been in. I had to go on leave at work, leave my home that I share with my boyfriend, and leave all the dogs I work with. So chances are if I can't go back to work because of my body I lose all those other things with it. My life means nothing if I can't be where I need to be.     
How do the rest of you guys function? Do you work and go to school? Or if you're on disability I take it you have hobbies and such.       
I have no idea what will happen, I just want to be with the dogs and my partner.  




 Still waiting on the geneticist but it's looking like that's what is going on with me. If that is the case then that means no more hard labor so I won't be able to go back to the job that I love. And if I can't support myself I don't know how I would go back to my home and my boyfriend (I am currently in another state with family trying to get treatment).       
I just don't know what to do or what will happen. I can't lose my partner, my job, all the dogs at work, and my home all at once. How am I supposed to be a person if it is like this?      
Even if I went on ssi I would have to do it here because it pays almost nothing where I live. But that could take forever. I want to go the fuck home and have a life.      
And on another note I am in so much fucking pain all the time I am constantly angry. Why is it doctors always seem to be shoving pain pills in people's faces but when I need them it is not an option? They tell me to eat better and all that garbage but I can't even stand at the stove for a few minutes. Maybe if I could take two wimpy pain pills a day I could actually attempt to take care of myself.  




 I am a 23 year old female and have many medical conditions. (CRPS, TMJ, arthritis, hyperothyroid, hypermobility, maybe fibromyalga). I am currently in the process of trying to get it all figured out so I have been seeing a bunch of doctors because I have been so unwell that I can't work and had to leave my job that I love.      
Basically I am just waiting to see a geneticist because it is looking like I have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome. Which would make SO MUCH sense.      
Long story short the collagen in my body won't do its job so things won't stay connected and are very bendy.       
So about my ribs, the very bottom front ribs on each side seem to slightly overlapped by the ones above it. More so on my left. They are both also curled in a bit almost like a candy cane or something. Because of how bendy all of me is and how much cartilage make up the front ribs I can actually reach under them and bend them outward so they are straight. When I let go it makes sort of a thunk or a popping noise. Which as you can imagine is a delightful party trick.   
I have just always wanted to know if this is something that happens to other people and has a name. It doesn't really look very abnormal or anything and it doesn't hurt at all so I never remember to ask my doctor but my ribs have been like this my whole life.        
Thanks for reading.         
[P.S. I don't know if you really need this information but I am about 5' and 130 lbs. Farley healthy weight for me. My ethnic background is French, Irish, Welsh, Spanish, Mexican, and Filipino.] 









 I don't sew much so excuse any ignorance.       
I have a dress like this and love it. When I tried to search for more I had no idea what to call it and can hardly find any. It is a somewhat obscure design but I know there are plenty out there. I got the one I have at a little Indian import shop.    
Super basic design, when you lie it flat is is totally square and just has a cinched waist.      
http://imgur.com/ERdLixZ       
I am considering trying to make a dress with the same basic concept but was thinking about using a jersey knit fabric (because it's soft and stretchy and the edges don't need to be stitched). It's also a fabric I can put paint on using stamps or stencils. Will I run into any problems with using a stretch fabric? How much fabric do you think I will need? 




 I am staying with a friend and have free range of her kitchen. I decided I wanted some hot chocolate because it's a rainy Netflix sort of day and I remembered there is some Hershey's cocoa powder in the pantry. Great! That's what I usually make cocoa with, generally following their basic recipe that is on the back of the container. [heat cocoa and sugar on stove in a small amount of water until desolved, add milk and heat on low, then add a couple of drops of vanilla extract.]       
BUT. Once I was heating the cocoa I realized the the powder was the special dark edition. Then when I went to look for vanilla extract I happened to see some orange extract so I used that instead.     
Best. Hot. Chocolate. Ever.       
Edit: I am significantly better at cooking than I am at spelling. 









 Just looking for feedback. Whenever I tell people I have anxiety I know I am coming off as emotionally anxious. The thing is that I don't feel that way. I have depression and all so I do have emotional issues but I am generally not nervous. I have hyperthyroidism which is probably the source of most of my anxiety.       
My symptoms are mostly increased heart rate, sweaty palms and feet, shakey hands, labored breathing, trouble sleeping, fatigue, and some general uneasy feelings. I don't really feel nervous so much as just discontent because of the physical symptoms.           
Anyone else?  




 It can be something small or something big. I just think it is good to project some of our concerns in a different direction sometimes and give the good things in life more credit. Not to downplay any serious issues. But sometimes the bad can even amplify the good.       
For me there are many things I try and stop and appreciate. Though all too much is overlooked. Even the fact that I have running water in my home is something that is so convenient that I forget that I am privileged to have it.      
Some of the biggest things are my boyfriend and my dog. They love me so actively. My boyfriend doesn't always understand what I am going through and can't always comfort me when I need it, but he is so supportive I couldn't ask for more. He cooks for me when I can't, he picks up after me, and works a ton of hours to support both of us while I am unable to work. He is my hero.         
I also want to add that my mother left her awful husband recently an is now with a man that treats her like a queen. That woman is a saint and for the first time in her life she is being treated the way she deserves. I have yet to meet the new guy but I am beyond grateful for him.       
So what do you have in your life that is wonderful?       
[Here's a picture of me and my boys.](http://i.imgur.com/lEp2m8B.jpg)          
I would love to see your pictures as well.  









 I left the city I live in a week ago to seek medical treatment in the area I am from. Today I saw a pain specialist who sat in the room with me for almost an hour listening to what I had to say and asking me a bunch of questions. It felt great to actually have a medical professional listen to me.      
The clinic is a bit weird in the sense that they don't treat patients, they mostly work in tandem with a primary care doctor. It would be frustrating but they really seem to know what they are doing so I don't mind. The doctor told me she wanted to double check my thyroid for a rare condition, get me a bone scan, do more tests for autoimmune diseases, and see a specialist they have there who seems to know a lot about fibromyalga. They ended up having an opening with him tomorrow. So once I see him and get his opinion I just need to go to a GP for them to run all the tests. I feel like I am finally on the path to get all of the diagnoses I need.     
Hopefully I wont have to deal with any more doctors that wont or don't know how to treat me. 




 This actually happened yesterday/the day before but I did not have the energy to post it.
FU Part 1:     
So I was flying from one city to another and had an hour long layover in Dallas. Turns out the plane was having issues so they informed everyone that they weren't boarding yet. Ten minutes later they tell everyone they are boarding. Twenty minutes after that they inform everyone that the plane once again has issues but it had been decided that it could not be flown and they were working on finding a new plane but it may take several hours.     
I should probably add that I am traveling to get treatment because I am having medical issues. The day of the flight I had just been prescribed new meds. Turns out they make me loopy. Very loopy.     
Back to the announcement, as soon as everyone hears this half of them sigh and grumble in unison. Except me. My reaction was a quick burst of laughter. I tend to find situations like that funny as it is but along with the meds I had a brief moment of inability to contain myself. 
Turns out my sunny disposition was unappreciated. I am pretty sure at least half the flight heard me which lead to half the flight hating me. Now I'm thinking "Great, now I'm stuck with these people for at least six hours."      
FU Part 2:      
The airline finds a plane that is landing in two hours that we will use once those passengers are off of it. All of us waiting for our flight now move to the new gate and hunker down to wait for the plane. At this point I am exhausted, feel awful because of my medical problems, and just want a bed. Here is where I fuck up again. I fall asleep. The reason I let that happen is that I usually wake up easily if anything is going on around me and figured that the movement of my hundred and some fellow passengers would wake me. I guess not. And the fact that half of them hated me probably played a roll in the fact that no one bothered to wake me up.    
I ended up waking as the plane was taking off. It was the middle of the night and I had to search the whole airport to find an agent to get me on the next flight which wasn't until the next morning. By the time I was telling the agent I had missed my flight I was crying and she eventually got the whole story (of the medical issues and the sleeping, not the bit about the laugh). She had me set up to stay at a hotel but then one of her co workers basically cock blocked it from happening so I ended up sleeping on the cold hard floor once again.     
It was an exhausting adventure and by the time I got here I was feeling all kinds of weird. Finally got good sleep last night though so it worked out.     
TL;DR: Traveling in search of medical treatment because I feel like garbage, thought my delayed flight was funny, pissed off the other passengers, fell asleep, missed my flight, had to stay the night in the airport. 




 I am looking into some multimedia decorative crafts and I am hoping for some advice.    
My original idea is to decorate canes, crutches, and walkers. Specifically for children. (picture some elbow crutches with frozen characters and glitter)     
So what I am looking for is some kind of sealant that will go on clear and stay that way that is durable. So if I were to paint onto the metal and add stickers and so on I want to be able to coat it in something that will seal it for good. The problem is that I dont know anything about acrylics or resin or whatever I need to use...    
Help. 




 I am currently based out of Auburn and Olympia so those areas are good too. I have an appointment with a pain specialist at UW soon but they apparently do not prescribe any kinds of meds (?!weird?!) so I am also looking for a primary care doctor that is willing to put some effort into someone like us that has many complications. I am also on the hunt for a rheumatologist.     
Any suggestions would be great. 




 So years ago I had a bit of a problem with abusing pain medication. At the ever so mature age of 18 I quit because it was stupid. My sister on the other hand never did and now she shoots heroin. The last thing I want is to be like her.       
Now that my disease is kicking my ass I actually need pain meds. (Chances are that I started taking them in the first place because I have always been in pain and turns out those drugs help with that.) So a couple weeks ago I ended up at the ER and was prescribed 20 norco. I did alright with those and they lasted a week until I saw my gp. I thought that I could overcome my problem with meds because I have learned some lessons since I was 18. Well my gp prescribed me 60 norco to last a month. That was a little over a week ago and I have three left which are now in the possession of my wonderful boyfriend. I feel so stupid. Its stressful because I know I need them if I want to get out of bed ever.     
In a few days I have an appointment with a rheumatologist who I was referred to by a pain specialist. So hopefully I am on track to begin getting treatment. Ideally I want to get something done that will get me to a place where I dont need pain meds. But until then they are necessary. So you can see my predicament.       
I think I have a plan to help the situation. (I know, you probably already think I'm screwed due to my stupidity.) Basically I just plan to have my boyfriend hide them from me and distribute them as they are supposed to be taken. I know myself enough to know that I know I wont dig around to find them. If anything I will have him count them and keep track. I know that if he is keeping tabs on me I couldn't bear to disappoint him.         
Do I sound like I'm being reasonable or do I sound like a total idiot who should just have suffer because I can't keep my shit together?  




 What made you decide you want to be nice? Or have you pretty much always been like that? What are your thoughts and views on how to behave towards others?  




 Its strange how your sense of taste changes.  




 After being told by a pain specialist that he cant treat me because basically I am too messed up and my disease is too far progressed he referred me to a rheumatologist. I called to make an appointment and the lady told me he doesn't treat CRPS and I should see a pain specialist (lovely right, I had just told her that is who referred me). Then she told me that there are two other doctors there that will treat it but they don't have openings for a while. After that I called my gp in tears because I didn't know what to do and was almost out of my pain meds that I had gotten from the ER. She was actually helpful and prescribed me more to tide me over until I can see a rheumatologist. Today I got an appointment with one for next week.       
My main concern besides getting treated for my pain is that my boyfriend is exhausted from working so much to make up for the fact that I can only work two days a week. I know he loves me and wants to do everything he can but at the same time I know he would be relieved if I were out of his hair. While I appreciate everything he is doing and think he is amazing for it I cant help but be hurt that the relationship might not be strong enough to deal with me and my shitty medical issues. We are basically in the mindset of being a married couple, but I guess its not to the point of 'through sickness and health'. Which breaks my heart. I guess it's one of those things that is great in theory but not so much in practice.       
So hopefully my appointment will go well and I can start treatment and begin to get better so I can pull more of my own weight to take pressure off him. If not I may fly back home (on the other side of the country) and stay with my dad and best friend. They are near Seattle so my dad can drive me to appointments and I will probably be able to get better treatment. I just really dont want to do that. It would be good an many ways but at the same time I want to be home with my boyfriend and step dog. I also dont want to risk losing my job. I really love my work.        
Being so young and in such poor health is devastating.        
My condition is so complicated that I am worried about finding a doctor that is interested in getting to the bottom of it. You would think that more doctors would be interested in solving a puzzle. Not only do I have CRPS but I have it in my entire body and never had an initial injury that caused it. It also didn't seem to have ever started in one place and then spread, it has just always been everywhere. I still have yet to hear of anyone who had the same.       
Everything is so convoluted.  




 For the past few months my pain has been getting worse, in the past month it became unbearable and I had to take time off work. I have been trying to figure out how to get help. Last Sunday I went to the ER because the pain in my hips and jaw was so bad. They gave me norco for it and they knew I had an appointment set up to take care of it.      
Today I finally had an appointment with a pain specialist and he basically told me that I am too far fucked up for him to even know where to begin treating me. He didn't even know people with my condition could have it in their entire body. And he told me he cant help me with the meds because he doesn't know how he is going to fix me. I feel shattered. The hope of not being in horrible pain 24/7 is now gone. I have no idea how I am supposed to get though this. He gave be a referral to a rheumatologist so I will pursue that. I just dont want to get my hopes up.      
Edit: I called the rheumatologist to make an appointment and the lady checked with him and apparently he said that he doesn't treat my condition and that I should see a pain specialist. Fucking seriously?       
On the bright side I called my GP and told her everything that happened and that I just dont know what to do and she prescribed me some more of the pain pills I got from the ER. So at least theres that. They dont help as much as I would like but its a lot better than nothing.  




 I thought it would be good to start a thread for everyone to vent and discuss the things we cant do anymore. From little things to the things that we are passionate about. What do you miss most? What are some alternative things you have found to occupy yourself? Maybe we can throw around some ideas and help each other out?       
I'm currently not able to work until I can get treatment. Its sad because I work with rescue dogs and miss them and I miss being active. Before that I was a working musician and performer. I fell out of it for a few reasons but part of it is that I cant do the traveling and making it out all the time on my bike. I play washtub bass which is too physically demanding and a banjo ukulele that I can play but only for so long and my fingers hurt later. And now even singing is a problem because my jaw pain is so severe.       
I also used to do sideshow performing, primarily as a contortionist. As you can imagine that is no longer an option (not to mention things like the bed of nails which is way out of the question). I really miss it. I miss doing shows and getting free drinks and having a blast. Now I'm in bed constantly while all my friends go on bike rides and have fun. Its even difficult for me to do a puzzle I'm working on.  




 And I hated it. I'm 22, at a reasonable weight,  and dont look sick. Today I'm having a high pain day. Usually I don't need a scooter or I just sit in the cart and make my boyfriend push me because I would rather look like I'm dicking around then like I have health problems.     
Anyway, the variety of looks I got made me incredibly uncomfortable. Being a white punk in a dominantly black southern area that happens a lot anyway. Haha. But a lot of the looks were either the sympathetic 'bless yer heart' looks or they would look at me like I'm a jerk for using a scooter that someone unwell might need. When I was returning the scooter a guy came up to me and with a dirty look said "Can I have that?". Yeah dude, I'm half way off.     
Luckily I'm not as irritable as some days. I just wanted to vent to some people who understand having an invisible disease. I know this is not a major issue,  but its the little things we have to deal with.      
Edit: You guys are fantastic.  




 The reoccurring dream I had happened during the same dream session. It happened once, I dreamt about some other things, and then it happened again. Pretty abnormal or me.     
What happened is I was in a car someone else was driving and I was giving directions. We took a ramp that came to a rusty metal bridge that crossed the bay where I live and once we were on it I realized that the bridge just ended and we had to stop so not to drive off into the water. It was only afterwards when I got out of the car that it was scary. For some reason it just ended and there were no signs on the way indicating danger. When I got out I walked to the edge to look down into the water and saw a semi truck that had drove off and landed in the water which was fairly shallow as I could see the floor of the bay. The truck was standing vertically with its front end on the floor and its back end up in the air, half way submerged. Then it tipped over. And when I headed back to get off the bridge it was smaller and had lots of rusty metal posts and bars both vertical and horizontal that I had to dip and climb through. Like a little obstacle. Im an agile person so it wasn't difficult.      
The second time it happened it was all exactly the same except for this time there were two semi trucks next to each other in the same situation as the first one. There was also several men in the water heading towards the trucks, like they were a rescue team. The trucks both tipped over before the men got to them. When I headed back it was the same obstacle but this time it was more memorable. There was also a little girl I was with waiting for me who I had to tell to stay there.      
I also just had another dream that stands out, I don't remember a lot of the context but I was breaking my foot. Like I jammed it in a doorway between the frame and something else and slammed the door on my foot. It had something to do with giving up being a dancer which I was in my dream as well as in reality. It was a strangely desperate act.      
These dreams feel significant somehow, more so than my usual dreams. Thought I would share if anyone found them interesting or wanted to give me their opinion on what they might mean. 




 I have had pain for as long as I can remember,  it got worse in my teens and I was diagnosed with CRPS at 16. Since then I have pretty much gone untreated, though I take Tylenol and ibuprofen regularly off and on.     
Since I have been working a more physically demanding job I have gotten 40 times worse. Sometimes I cant get dressed in the morning, other times I would come home from work and have to sleep on the couch because my bed was a loft and I couldn't climb the five stairs. There are good days and bad days but it was getting to be too much, I got prescribed cymbalta for my clinical depression and that has helped. But now I am having situational depression and its making my pain more than I can handle. 
A week ago I had to have a procedure done, it has caused a lot of my depression and kept me out of work a bit. For the procedure I was prescribed 10 Tylenol 3 tablets with two refills. It definitely dulled the pain it was prescribed for, and it almost eliminated my regular daily pain. Because of the situation I didn't even realize that I wasnt in pain until I needed a refill and my pharmacy was closed. When my pain came back I couldn't believe I was in that kind of pain constantly.  How do I do this every day and also work all week? Im only 22, how can I look forward to anything when its all downhill from here?      
When that happened I broke down because its all too much. Work, pain, procedure, pain, work. Lucky for me my boyfriend is here for me. I have decided I need to try and take some time off work. Which is a whole other issue trying to secure my place there. But I need to find a pain doctor,  and I need time to get myself better. I just want to be able to work, but right now I'm miserable at work because I'm in pain and irritable. Its also stressful that I may be risking my job which is one of the most important things to me. I dont get paid great but I work with rescue dogs and I don't know what I would do if I didn't have that.       
Its really hard to not just be angry about everything. I feel like I'm being cheated out of my life.  




 I was diagnosed at 16 with CRPS that effects my entire body, I'm now 22 and have been functioning through my pain since then. They had me doing physical therapy for a bit but I stopped because of the commute and it wasn't helping.        
A few months ago my pain and depression became so severe that I finally found a doctor and was prescribed cymbalta which has virtually made my depression a non issue. My pain on the other hand has not gotten better, in fact it has become worse since I started a more physically demanding job. My doctors response was to double my dose which still didn't help so I'm planning to go in again soon and see what can be done.    
One of the struggles I have with my health is that I feel like I'm faking it due to my surroundings seeing as no one can really understand. Its like my disease is some  kind of mythical creature or I'm just being dramatic. I take it that this is not uncommon? I mean besides my truly empathetic loved ones no one will be able to grasp  the severity of my condition.  Its not like my pain is visible (unless I have hives).     
On that note, like many of us I have to fake it most of the time and suppress the fact that I'm in pain and exausted. I have to support myself somehow and if I were to go on disability I would become lazy and miserable. So I work six hours a day six days a week mostly being pulled around by pit bulls and other dirty jobs. I probably should do something less physical but I love those dogs too much.   
Anyway (im real bad at words n stuff) I really just wanted to hear from others with chronic pain and specifically CRPS as I have never talked to anyone with the same condition as me. Im wondering how it effects others.  




 Except of course the dark place my mind is trapped in. The past month everything has been fine. I started cymbalta which has almost completely suppressed my depression and anxiety, I have a great job now, and my boyfriend has been awesome. The only thing that has been shitty is my health. Im in pain constantly because of a disease I have and my job requires physical labor as well as riding my dumpy bike to and from work. Sometimes I come home and just sob because of the pain but emotionally I have been pretty stable dispite that. But this morning before I woke up I had some really disturbing dreams. I dont know if many other people experience this but sometimes when I have dreams like this the bad feeling they give stick around. I cant shake them. And I cant sleep. I dont know whats going on with me. Everything has been fine until today. I don't want to go to work tomorrow.  














 Mainly looking for resources about training specifically to her needs. I work at a dog rescue as of recently and new I would fall in love with one of them and bring hone home. And well, I found her. So here's my situation.    
I live with my boyfriend and roommates as well as my step dog. My step dog (Lucifer) is almost three and male. He is pretty well trained (he listens and understands amazingly) but he is extremely aggressive and anxious with strangers as he is also a rescue. He gets along with female dogs easily and sometimes with males. So I knew I would have to pick a girl dog. Which leads me to Beetle.      
I absolutely fell in love with her (along with a couple others) and decided she would be the one to take home based on her personality knowing she will fit in great with our little family. She is extremely friendly and VERY hyper. Not sure of her age but I was looking at her teeth yesterday and she is probably around three. Also she is probably some sort of black lab, German shepherd, pit mix. Mostly lab I think. The problems Im going to have with training her is basic obedience. She doesnt listen well or know commands, she jumps up on everyone, and she bites at her leash sometimes. Occasionally I can get her to listen like with the leash biting. I just worry about training her at her age.     
Any tips or online resources would be greatly appreciated.     
Edit: Heres my Beetle. http://imgur.com/rfd2uIa http://imgur.com/BSa6zhL 




 I love my boyfriend. And I love our dog. Its technically his dog that he has had for a few years. Hes a big, dumb, loving doberman. I have known them both for about a year but at this point my boyfriend even refers to me as his mom. Now since my boyfriend has had the dog longer I feel like I dont really have veto power to banish the dog from the bed.     
Heres my thing. I don't actually have an issue with the act of the dog being in the bed with us. What I dont like is the bed being covered in short little hairs and stinking completely like dog. Another issue is that we dont have a washer and dryer on top of the fact that we ride bikes and dont have a car. I happen to be the person in the relationship that has a friend with a washer and dryer. So I do all of our laundry. Which is fine when its just clothes. Not bedding.      
On top of all that a couple weeks ago the dog got sick and puked all over our bed. Ok. It happens. I spent half a day at my friends doing the laundry. Today I come home from work and the dog peed on the bed for the second time in the last couple days. Not sure why that is happening because he NEVER pees on the bed. If it were a regular thing I can see why I could banish the dog. But he has always slept on the bed. Usually its fine besides the fact that he is stinky.       
So reddit, would I be a wicked step mother if I wanted the bed to just be a place for humans? What are the rules of these short of things when you start seeing someone with pets?


tl;dr: What are the rules with pets and SOs?    
    
Edit: You guys are awesome. I want to reply to yall individually bit im on mobile. So youre right, I should get a dog bed. The only thing is we are up on a loft bed (we built it with stairs so the dog could get up) so I suppose the bed would have to go on our little landing. I will have to talk to my guy. Maybe we can still keep the dog on the bed on cold nights and such. 




 I would really love to learn more songs as im planning to get back into busking. Im a female musician, I sing and play a banjo uke. Ideally it would be great to learn more jazz and blues stuff but I also love bluegrass and my style is not horribly limited so anything helps. I love spooky melodic vocals. Also if anyone knows of other sub reddits I could x post to that would be great. Here is what I have so far for my set list... (I know many more songs but I have decided that these are the only ones I want to perform).      
Hey there little red riding hood by sam sham.        
St. James infermary.       
Fat gal by (merle?) Haggard.      
Tonight you belong to me (not sure about who its by, from the jerk)       
honkey cat by elton john.     
You know im no good by amy winehouse.     
Junk bones by dark dark dark.     
Stephanie says by the velvet underground.    
Oh my darlin clementine (I do this in a minor key because its a really dark song)     
gracefully facedown by the devil makes three     
lonesome whistle by hank williams.       
      
There are a few more songs im considering for that list but im not sure. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Also, im on my phone so I apologize for the bad punctuation and so on. 




 I dont know much about computers. So I need to be explained to about these things like an idiot. All I know is that I need some antivirus software and I have a Toshiba laptop. Sorry for being that guy.  




 My boyfriend and I like the song and wanted to figure it out but haven't and I'm out of town for a bit and would like to surprise him with it. Im on a banjo uke and I'm not the most experienced musician. So I haven't gotten past figuring out the first couple chords. Its Eb, D7 and C7? Maybe not C7. But something like that. It would be much appreciated if one of yall could help me out. I REALLY want to learn this. If you help me out I will send you a video of me playing it or something of you like. 




 Anyone that does anything even remotely creative, how do you keep the creative energy flowing? What do you do when you're feeling artistically constipated? 




 This is silly but I have been curious. I have never heard of anyone that dislikes potatoes entirely.  Naturally there are people who dont like certain ways potatoes can be prepared.  But does anyone just not like them all together?  




 I dont know about dog behavior in too much depth. I get basic things and absolutely love dogs.  But maybe yall could help. My dogs name is Lucifer,  hes half Doberman half Rodsian ridgeback. The thing is hes actually not my dog which is why im not entirely sure what the hell im doing. My boyfriend ended up getting himself incarcerated so I have been taking care of Lulu while he is gone. Naturally Lucifer is somewhat depressed but for the most part he has been fine because we have bonded a lot and seems to love his step mom. But the past few days he has acted distant. I couldnt get him out from under the bed for most of this evening, though that could have a bit to do with the bath I gave him. He also started barking at nothing at one point. Im just worried that these could be signs of a medical issue. He has fleas that I have actively been trying to get rid of. I know hes itchy and uncomfortable and has chewed off some of the fur on his back. I just feel awful.  I want him to feel better but I feel like a bad dog mom. I could be doing better.  Its difficult. Any insight is appreciated. And sorry about the formatting and punctuation and so on. Im on mobile.  




 So I was with some friends at a nice hotel because they had one and I needed to get away from my life. So were hanging out and swimming and drinking champagne.  The night goes on and most of us are in the room. I decided I wanted to swim some more so I ask one of the boys if he wants to come with. Naturally he obliged because ya know. Girl in a bikini.  So were out there, I swim a little, and he was trying to figure out how to climb onto some things to jump off into the pool. "Why dont you jump off that wall?" I say, and he says "Because its too hard to get up." Being the girl I am I took that as a challenge.  So while hes still distracted I sneak over to the gate and get on top of the wall relatively gracefully and proceed to say "Oh yeah, its so hard to get up." As he realizes Im somehow magically on top of the wall I realize that the whole top of it is completely covered in broken glass. I was not aware that was a common deterrent for birds (and I guess drunk assholes). So I get myself down alright but not before I manage to get many small but deep and bloody cuts all over my legs and feet. Luckily when I went to the front desk for band aids and such the guy didnt ask questions. Im trying to take care of the cuts but I live in a dirty city where a lot of people easily get staff infections and MRSA. I really hope I can avoid that.     
Edit: Sorry for bad formatting and grammar and such. Im on mobile. 


































 Someone recently posted about a 30's (I think) vintage, gypsy-esque style. There was a name for it but I cant recall. They posted some lovely pictures of it. Its driving me crazy. Google wasn't helping so you guys are my only hope.  

























































































 Like living situation, shared belongings, etc. Whatever comes to mind.    
My current situation is that my [ex]boyfriend who I live with at a friends house just broke up with me and he thinks that I should move out. Now these are mutual friends, though he knows them through me. I have known them for a couple years, he has known them for about six months. So in theory if anyone should move out its not me. But what I want to know it that even if we knew said friends equally who would have the right to stay? I think that if you decide you don't want to be with someone and they haven't done anything wrong you should be prepared to move out of the mutual housing. And its already unfair enough to impact someones life so heavily without adding even more stressful shit.    
But anyway, input, opinions, stories welcome.    
I'm having a rough time and I'm hoping my favorite online community will come through for me.    
Also, sorry for any bad wording or anything that doesn't make sense. I just had dental work and am functioning on pain pills.    
EDIT: A couple words. 




 I'm a [female] musician looking to find stuff to cover or get inspiration from and I think the right blues and I complement each other well. The problem is that I don't know my way around blues well. I'm looking for the slower, lounge, sad stuff. Anybody have any suggestions? Female blues musicians may be the right direction but I'm not sure. Any suggestions are appreciated.  




 I'm kind of scared and I'm hoping I will get the gas. And my jaw hurts so bad I cant chew my food. But I'm at my dads and I don't have a lot of options. I already have TMJ so it took me a couple weeks to realize the pain was because I have neglected to get the root canal I need. Hopefully my dentist will be accommodating. Acetaminophen isn't quite cutting it. 



















 Been doing a few stencils lately so I can sell/barter patches and such. Stencils are somewhat new to me but art and using a craft knife is not. Mostly been making smaller one layer with decent detail. But I have yet to get my brain to work in two layer stencil form and was hoping someone could help.    
This guy: http://i.imgur.com/vM4P3Iy.jpg    
Thanks. 




 It has been over a year since I have gotten a tattoo and I'm so desperate for one. I have tons of ideas that I know I want but I'm curious on thoughts on the one I want next. I was thinking I want the red armband that Pocahontas has, but red is not a great color for me. So I was thinking of getting it in white. What do you guys think? I know the tattoo is a little silly. But I think it would be great looking. And ya know. Reasons. 



















 Its strange to think we wouldn't exist if it weren't for that one time our parents met. My dad told me about when he met my mom and it got me interested. My entire existence was literally based on the flip of a coin. I'm hoping the rest of you have some cool stories. 



















 I dont know if this has been done recently but I havent seen one and it seems like a good idea. 



















 May be leaving the Pacific North West and heading south. I know I can get across the border on foot with no passport, my friends seem to have no problem. I want to go meet up with a friend but will be in a car. So Im wondering if anyone has any good feedback. 

















































 For whomever find penises ideal.    
Edit: I mean size, shape, etc. And for the record, I am a straight female. Just wondering what is generally preferable. 







































 Also I have a sister and my sweater is red. Slightly hungry. 




 You can be so wonderfully plentiful. But then I have to buy cream cheese. Thought I should share. 














