 Basically, you turned Bruce Wayne into Adam West, minus the plot devices 




 I meant for the purpose of this thread, but I didn't see anything along the lines of overused characters in my flair list, but since other threads like to love on a character for a day or two, my thread will be just fine 




 I figured Ditto would transform Into the first thing it sees with Imposter,  so in theory, couldn't it transform into someone else?  




 I'm only asking because the anime never seemed to give a conclusive answer for ss2 winning,  imo. The Manga might have expanded on it better. Also, I tried to put the time limit on for fairness, but apparently I created a Lolstomp 




 This whole thread just became "can God create a rock so heavy that even he cannot lift it?" 




 r/whowouldcirclejerk 




 What if he doesn't see MMH first? Who would Ditto likely see in that case instead? 




 Yes, this has probably been done before, so if there are previous threads discussing my idea, by all means, link me to them.

My thought is that Goku would only have about half an hour or so on Earth in SS3 and he can't hold the form for too long. Would he be able to defeat Majin Vegeta in such a short time span (something like 7 or 8 minutes) using SS3,  given their fighting styles and knowledge of each other? Defeat here meaning incap, since Goku wouldn't kill Vegeta at this point in DBZ.

If Goku cannot defeat Vegeta in that short time span, then allow Goku the full hour or however long he would be allowed on Earth in SS3 for the fight.

If it is a total stomp, well, I can't think of a good thing that would help Vegeta that is also in the DB universe at the moment.

Edit: how do I add a flair or whatever for frequently used characters,  because I know these two see a lot of time on this thread (not necessarily against each other though) 




 HULK STOMP!! 




 I was going to post some complaints from my employer here, but compared to everyone else, mine is actually wonderful. We make everything from scratch, and people can even watch us make our products. My only complaint is that we are understaffed for the amount of business we see.

Context: I work in a pretzel shop (Ben's) in North-Central Indiana. 




 Alucard. One of the few stomp cards I dislike playing, for the most part.

He stomps rounds 1-5 easy enough, because if you kill him, he just comes right back. 
No wait, include round 6...He shoots Jake and eats Finn.
Round 7- The Lich: I give this to Alucard 7/10, depending on whether he unlocks control level 0, or he stays at control level 1.

For those who don't know: level 0 us basically where he unleashes the army comprised of everyone he has ever killed/consumed. 




 r/whowouldcirclejerk would probably say Batman, given enough prep time 




 Round 2: Dudley loses an ear. 




 What kind of style does Dudley have? I know Balrog was modified and based on Mike Tyson, so there is that 




 Ash Ketchum hasn't accomplished anything be wanted to do that he said he would do when he left Pallet Town. And he would likely be good leaning, but not be that efficient because nothing he ever does seems to make the villains of his world really go away 




 Any of the last three characters I selected in Marvel vs Capcom 3, so Deadpool, Wolverine, or Virgil 




 Definitely Pol Pit here 




 Thanks for that! 




 This sounds like a bakery I heard about in California, where they specifically employ felons and former gang members. I can't think of the name of said bakery right now though.  




 Did someone say gold? 




 I'm asking because I was wondering if I was the only fraternity member (Phi Kappa Tau) who noticed that members of his chapter talk about topics that seem off from the fraternity stereotype. The main things I've noticed are that I can get away with talking about anime when I want, and there is a huge circle jerk for Doctor Who (gotta spell out that Doctor part though). 









 I want to gild you, but I can't. 




 From what I understand, Deadpool is basically immortal. He may not be able to defeat everyone in 6 hours,  but, given the style of his comics, he would break 4th wall before being erased, and the audience wouldn't let him be erased. 
Also, I wouldn't take me seriously the moment I start mentioning Deadpool without good explanations.  




 If it turns out to be Captain America, grab an enemy of the Avengers (probably Ultron) the end. 

If it isn't Captain America, then my appeal is going out to Goku, because he always seems to give the benefit of the doubt and second chances out the ass, so what would be the odds of him ignoring me at this point in time, as a citizen who needs help turning over a corrupt system?

Also, I'd play reverse psychology on any villain I could. It is underhanded, but hey, we can't all be the saints of tomorrow. 




 Deadpool because Deadpool. Haters gonna hate 




 South Park Mickey Mouse stomps! Seriously,  he would view Capone as someone who is in the way of him making money, so he would dispose of him like the rest of the Disney could stars. 10/10 




 Johnson does at least 45 minutes- an hour of cardio several days each week, so that isn't too big of an issue. The issue for me is that a 3v1 turns into a stomp for the 3 in this situation. How about Johnson runs a gauntlet against them in order, and he is allowed an hour's rest in between each fight?

Edits: I changed "bug" to "big" 




 1. Batman can learn the situation and everything a lot easier than Barney so yeah...Batman wins round 1.

2. Barney would obviously be funnier, given his track record when it comes to dealing with criminals and whatnot.

3. How fucked is Gotham? Very. There is no way Fife can deal with any level of criminal if he isn't hardly able to deal with the people of Mayberry doing little things here and there. He would be a comedy character in a not so comedic world.

4. There would be no crime in Mayberry because Batman would either have everyone locked up, or he would have struck fear into their hearts. For a recall election,  that would likely never happen seeing how the master detective can deduce the situation (see #1) easily enough to win the affection of Mayberry and its citizens.
 




 Includes cat. Gets karma... 




 Definitely weed on the left side.  




 So, Cap would still have all of his combat training and muscular structure,  but he wouldn't have the shield,  correct? 




 Definitely Saitama going God status time!! 




 Do you count the super serum (iirc) as a power? I mean, it is technically a chemical he is exposed to, but it's kinda blurry for me on whether the serum counts as a power 




 This is likely true for me as well, since he is more than many levels smarter than most people my age (20) at 14 




 Time traveler kills Batman before he is born. Time traveler kills his parents. Time traveler kills infant batman. Time traveler kills 10 year batman. Time traveler kills 14 year old batman. 

Point is, this needs more specific details. Because time traveler goes back In time and kills batman before he becomes a threat to anything. 




 Pokédex entries are not used as valid sourcing from what I understamd. There just isn't a system of logic and consistency amongst all 719 entries presented. 




 Best I'll give you is Ghost Rider 




 Hey the used ones are much cheaper.
-thinks about it for a minute-
Hahah....haha...ewww 




 I have two answers for this. 
Keeping in the same universe, I wanted to see the actual conclusion to the Majin Vegeta/SS2 Goku, not the plot device involving Majin Buu.

From different universes, I want to see Korra (after connecting to the spirits of past Avatars) fight someone like Picollo (post-Nail, pre-Kami for balance purposes)

Yes, I am going to be the guy who likes DBZ hypotheticals, but realizes that there are more characters in the series than Goku. 









 Up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right-B-A-start

At least you'll have 30 lives to figure it all out.

Edit:added an accidental left on first type 




 Do any of the Furian (sp?) Powers from the Riddick universe break physics? I honestly don't remember too much of it not being able to have some kind of semi plausible explanation 




 Bender would get too lazy to fight,  more than likely. Remember that he isn't motivated go do much of anything,  unless it is for him. 

The Joker could probably use Bender's alcohol dependency to lure him into some kind of trap related to vaporizing Bender or making robots obsolete. 

Overall, I would say Bender at 7.5/10 because he would recognize when he is being conned, and he is also a frickin robot, so he would likely use any of the million or so things he's pulled out of his body/ass to kill the Joker.

Thought: in the episode of Futurama where the electromagnetic cosmic abnormality opens, Bender literally shits bricks as an act of fear. So he could be scared, shit bricks, and then kill Joker with those. 

Crime: They'd probably rob a super sized bank, and then Joker would burn the money because he is fuckin insane. 




 Question: is Superman Prime allowed? Because if so, throw everything out of the window, Prime will just rewrite the entire scenario to make himself because he is a dick slinging Superman like that 




 Probably Atom Ant. He would likely become molecularly unstable (my guess) due to the sheer size increase, and he also would not be able to avoid detection in any situation that his ant size is considered favorable. While he would still retain his super speed, flight, and super strength, he would lose that stealth factor that I mentioned earlier in this post.

Tl; Dr: Atom Ant doesn't get to be sneaky 




 I see the Neo Tri - Beam being brought up as Tien's only hope, but the problem with that would be that more than likely, Frieza would survive, if even a little, and recover before Tien would be able to defend himself again due to the toll on his body, resulting in Frieza walking to Tien's body and finishing him, Mortal Kombat style, because fuck that guy for challenging the former supreme ruler of the known universe, Lord Frieza. 




 There are so many re rolls happening right now, just on the sheer account of feeling too godly in the first fight. Example: Nanite Reality,  aka, Reality Warping. Not fair at all in my honest opinion  




 Barney Stinson on Reddit. Are you looking for stuff to put on your blog? 




 "You keep avoiding my punches because you're reading my mind and know when I'm going to punch you"

-Anchorman 2

Edit: quote isn't exactly correct and wording stuff
 




 This right here...I try to explain to my female friends that this is exactly what I get out of Pride and Prejudice, yet none of them seem to believe that I can get such a simple yet accurate plot line out of said work of literature. 




 I had to scroll a little bit too far to find a Jane Austen entry.  









 About to make a PM_ME account for new music. I will let everyone know how this turns out 




 It's Aladeen!! 




 The big question here is "why do men have nipples?" 




 If so, how would their theory on the construction of the universe and possibility of alternate universes be constructed? 









 Those other planets are all puff and gas. Earth is solid. Earth may be smaller but he can do more. 




 I would give you gold if I could, but I am biased because I am part of Phi Kappa Tau 




 This comment right here perfectly explains my reasoning for getting involved in Greek life. Yes, I am closer to some brothers than others, but I know at the end of the day, I can count on all of the members of our fraternity...Phi Kappa Tau!  




 Something about earthquakes 




 Vagina. Vagina. I wanna have sex with your vagina. I love the Jon Lajoie reference 




 Would you write it as 2 separate programs...One for the drink and one for the food? Because either way you go, it shouldn't take too many lines to write it. 




 Maybe we should ask Tien 




 Thank you for the TPB reference. 




 Basically, Dave is gym perfection. God Bless You, Dave. 




 Like a sir 




 Always ask if she is trying to get the pipe 




 People who use the phrase I can't even  




 God damn Kony reference!  




 This is a good community to be around, and read what other people submit. Thanks for making all of this possible. 




 No, not the same HS.
Edit: was going for the joke of gym teachers always marrying students, but was taken seriously 




 We might have went to the same high school, in that case.
Context: gym teacher also married former student. 




 I'm not trying to bash anyone. I just didn't know whether anyone has found a cause for nostalgia 




 Whenever you mentioned producer, the first thing that came to my mind was Rick Rubin, and how he basically floated through genres as he pleased, working with everyone from Eminem to Slipknot. 




 I've been listening to some of my older music, which is mostly music from certain artists earlier in their career, alongside some of their modern stuff, and I've noticed that it almost seems like the talent is gone, or they just don't sound as good. Is that one of those things that is just my personal taste, or is there something that makes people tend to like an artists earlier work?

Edit: My grammar and syntax are pretty shitty, but I don't plan on perfecting it, just so grammar nazis know. 




 I am an American, and we will send in a drone to destroy it for you. 




 Apple pie. So American 




 It says that there are even more features that couldn't have even thought of in 1991 that are currently in the IPhone 5s. That would make your cost well over the presented mark. Then again, there is no way to take into account that technological advances that have been made in the last 23 years, and try to find any kind of equal that we can compare that to 




 I've seen everything from support to indifference to comparing having gay pride/being gay to enjoying rape and murder. If it effects locker room chemistry, then that's bad. If it doesn't, then why does this need to be a big deal. Being gay doesn't mean he is suddenly going to lose his talents in football.

Edit: I am pretty sure that I meant to use affect instead of effect, but I am not absolutely sure on that 




 Haha go Hoosiers... 




 Christians?  




 This guy really got gold? He didn't make any type of argument or give any kind of details.

I guess I really appealed to someone's emotions then. Because yea, I didn't type that comment out to divulge into some great opinion with an at length argument backing my views.

Also, I would give you gold for posting that response, except I am on mobile. 




 I had been floating between this and a discussion with a friend of mine about animal testing. But, wouldn't it be funny to see a high profile, menacing criminal type to be covered in makeup and such? 




 Remember whenever William Sheldon came up with somatotyping in the 1870s? That wasn't too effective either. 




 Animal testing is mainly used because we can't test on humans.  We should be allowed to use lifers and death row inmates for testing, but the Geneva Convention guidelines say no 




 I need to blaze before answering this capably 




 It should still be Martin's dad or closest male family member boxing him... 




 Fuck Elysium in particular. All my friends loved it, but I thought it was shit 




 gen2 Championship battle with Lance. His Aerodactyl could use Rock Slide whenever it wasn't a TM in the game nor could Aerodactyl learn it naturally or by TM

Edit: I don't believe Aerodactyl can learn Rock Slide by breeding either, but i could be wrong 




 I can understand how they would together (one can believe in a higher power that helps them feel comfort in their insecurities, and at the same time, be used as an exaplanatory gap for things science hasn't yet confirmed/refuted, and be able to practice science properly) I used to think that science and religion had to be separate, especially with the theory of evolution/Creationism, but I have seen, since about 2 years ago, that science and religion can coexist, until one starts interfering with the exercise of the other (Ken Ham's Young Earth Creationism/ atheists who believe that religion being around science will stupify the minds involved) 




 People who use bad gym etiquette; examples range from not cleaning up after oneself, or just standing around talking in an area where I need to be for an exercise, such as people who gather either around a set of dumbbells I would like to use or all around the squat rack. It does not matter how good of a mood I am in, I will be instantly shitty....not to that particular gym-goer, but in general. 




 So, the lineup for Spring Awakening 2014 has been posted, and it is looking like it is going to be a very strong lineup. I would like to hear everyone elses' comments on the subject, such as, if you are going to attend, which artist or artists you are looking forward to most. This concert is in Chicago, Illinois for anyone interested.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/entertainment/music/turnitup/chi-spring-awakening-lineup-20140203,0,2068299.column

There is a link I provided highlighting the lineup, including headlining sets by KasKade, Pretty Lights, and Tiesto. I am personally looking forward to Tiesto. 




 GodDammit... 




 The requirements for becoming a level 1 Crossfit trainer, which means that you can teach classes and whatnot, requires a 2 day seminar, and I believe a $1,000 cash payment.

Crossfit might just be the Scientology of exercise...emphasis on might 




 That explains so much of HIMYM
 




 No more double hot sauce at Chipotle for me! 




 Yo dawg, we heard you like moderation, so we decided to moderate your moderation while you enjoy your moderated moderation 




 "Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said Dead Nigger Storage?" 




 83% of all women are looking for sex just as much as men are 




 The average African American male has a 33% chance of going to jail at some point in his life 




 i love you
 




 Pulp Fiction
 




 A friend of mine was going on about the trouble in her life, and this is where I found one of the boundaries of things I should never joke about. She popped of something about how I was one of the problems in her life, and that we should probably not talk for a good while. My reply: no wonder your dad walked out on you. Worst experience ever! I was joking of course, but this was the wrong place for sarcasm, I guess
 




 The plot twist must have been too much for her to handle
 




