 I c-can't. It's too powerful. 




 My brain doesn't quite know how to deal with what I just witnessed. 




 The interpretation is up to you!^it's^not^like^I^made^a^grammatical^mistake^or^anything... 




  ¯\(ツ)/¯ 




 Who's snake? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 




 Can confirm; I have the same phone.

My one has a full 1gb free on its SD card, but keeps tricking itself into thinking it's full, blocking messages coming in and stopping me from using Facebook and the like. I would probably get more use out of a slice of cheese some days. 









 Hey,guys. 

I recently read the post on r/askreddit about advice for writing and realised that I may have been pretty lazy in my writing so far, so I was wondering if anyone could tell me how sloppy my writing has gotten and also give any general feedback on mood/characterisation. It's at ~15,000 words at the moment, so I'm about 6 or so chapters in.

Thanks in advance :D

[Link](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B9NEUm1X4z32OGs4NEdjaUs5ckU/edit?usp=sharing) 




 Can I come,too? 




 But there's.....p-people there. Real people. I don't think I can cope with all those people who aren't me walking around.  




 Is an Australian Shepherd another name for a Coolie? That dog looks a hell of a lot like a Coolie. 




 A man goes to pass some arse-turnips,but realises there's no toilet paper. He is also on a bus. 




 I'll try to get my hands on some, I know he has a few floating around somewhere. 




 Proof to him working on the Matrix. Figured I might as well try to get some semblance of legitimacy to my claim. I can't prove that that is actually my dad without revealing too much personal information, so you're gonna have to take my word for it. Given that this is the internet, I'm not surprised if you don't believe me. 




 Didn't stop him from kicking in a wardrobe on set. My dad tells me he had a tantrum and kicked in his wardrobe door. My dad had to fix it.
Source:Dad worked construction on set of Matrix. 

[Proof](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0716362/) 




 If you're up for some Chiv or Natural Selection,add me on Steam: dimitricatnikov 




 I'd like to go but is it too late to get a pass? 




 Sweet. Starmade is Mac-compatible, I think. 
[Starmade.org](http://star-made.org) Should say whether it is or not. 




 My name's Raphael,too! I don't have Civ V or portal,but I do have Minecraft and Starmade if you want to play. Starmade's free and a shitload of fun if you don't have Minecraft. 




 Hey, guys. I've been suffering a fairly large bout of depression recently and was hoping I could kickstart my love of gaming again as I've lost enjoyment of it. If anyone is up for some Chivalry, Minecraft, Starmade or any other multiplayer game that we both own, I'd be more than happy to add them on Steam. My Steam id is dimitricatnikov. 




 It'd be good to meet other gamers with depression.If anyone's up for some Chivalry,Minecraft or Starmade my steam id is dimitricatnikov. 




 Fucking awesome,man! Thanks heaps,you actually got really  close to how I imagine her. :) 




 That's fine,whatever is easiest. 




 How's it going? I'm not very good at introductory messages,but thanks for replying. 




 Clothing should be a simple white blouse,buttoned to the neck and a long red skirt. She also wears boots made of insect chitin and a pendant in the form of a leafless tree  




 Sweet,cheers. :) 




 I don't have a picture but I can try to describe as best I can. Could you draw me a woman of about 35 years who has dark brown skin and her long,brown skin hair braided in an intricate pattern,almost like a the pattern of a doiley if you've ever seen one. She should have bright green eyes and a stern,angry look. Starting from her forehead,there should be a tattoo of a bird who's wings stretch down each cheek and its beak should stop just above her nose. The bird should be coloured blue and green . I hope that description is adequate,I can give more details if you want. Thanks,heaps . :) 




 Alesund-Sun Kil Moon.
Actually ,anything from Sun Kil Moon is good to listen to. 




 When I first bought vanilla WoW 5 years ago I read and re-read the manual for a month because my computer shat itself. 




 Hey, it's all practice, right? I like the way you did the gasmask, might keep it in mind next time I visualise this type of character. The context behind it is that he's deserted the army and find's a picture of a happy family on his way back, which he doesn't have, and it breaks him. 




 I acknowledge that animals have feelings and thank them for their sacrifice to bring me sweet,tasty meat products. You're doing God's work,countless millions of domesticated animals! 




 A man in a gas-mask and full scaled body armour kneeling while holding a photo of a happy family. Gas-mask should be integrated into his helmet and scaled armour should look reminiscent of a samurai's or a cop in riot gear. If this could be done in a realistic style I'd be very grateful. 




 No, not at the moment. I just recently went to my gp to get referred to a psychologist, though. I guess that's a start. I hope we do, too; it sucks having no real identity. 




 It is incredibly difficult to not be labeled as such. I make a point of never letting my friends know whether I'm feeling depressed or not because of the same fear that you have: that they will dismiss it as 'not their problem'. Unfortunately, when I drink I let my depression come to the surface and begin ranting about the meaninglessness of existence, which I feel alienates me slightly every time. I put it down to my belief that 'normal' people are afraid of depressed individuals; we are foreign to them in our behaviour and it unsettles them, even if they try to empathise they are still unnerved a little by us. They see in us an existence that they can't fully comprehend without having been there, and attempt to visualise what it would be like for them,which scares them, and so some try to distance themselves. Just as we (speaking from my perspective) can't understand what makes them happy, they can't understand what makes us depressed all the time, and so they label us as 'The Depressed Person'.By doing this it essentially isolates what we do and how we think and classifies it as the behaviour of the depressed, something they should try not to get involved in in case our negativity 'rubs off' onto them. This is just my observation ,however, I don't even know if all this made sense. 




 Don't have much of a story,I'm afraid. There aren't many interesting parts, it just kind of ponders along skipping all the usual milestones of life;there is no real good to it and there is no real bad. Frankly, I can't really see it achieving much. 




 This is incredibly close to how I feel. Even now,sitting in a lecture by myself, I can see a glimpse of.everyone else's potential personalities,but when I think of myself I can't remember what I used to be like. It's like I'm almost apart from everyone's reality,stuck in my own lonely existence. I wish I could escape and enter the 'living' world. Do you feel this way,too? 




 Awww yiss. Finally my highly visible 'wog' forearm veins will get me some. 




 So my pc has started restarting randomly while I'm using it. Sometimes it will restart as I'm starting it up, other times it will restart while I'm in the middle of a game. The weird thing is, though, it doesn't happen every time I start up a game. Sometimes I can play uninterrupted for hours, have a break, and then it will do it. It also does this thing where it will boot up, but the screen will go black even though I can hear the welcome noises on my headphones.
Cpu: i5-2500k
GPU: Gtx 560ti
8 GB RAM
OS: Win7 




 [Arms](http://battle-ready.com/home/arm-armour/full-articulated-arm/segmented-arm-armour-style-a)
[Body](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100616051554/mafiawars/images/8/88/Huge_item_SegmentedBodyPlate_01.gif)
Also, any picture of Samurai armour would give you a sense of what it looks like. Pretty much armour made of overlapping plates. 




 Beautiful,thanks heaps! 




 A man in a gas-mask/respirator helmet and a full set of segmented armour kneeling while holding a picture of a happy family. Is that too complex? 




 Sweet, looking forward to it. 




 D: He's not a monstrosity;his name is Jooki and he's probably the friendliest river-burrower you could ever meet. Thank you so much for this, you have no idea how much this cheered me up.  




 If someone could draw me a picture of a small, coffee-skinned girl of about 15 or so with long, light brown hair holding an insect that is half the length of her. The insect would basically look like a massive centipede without the bottom antennae;it has no eyes, only four long,thin antennae on it head and a set of large serrated mandibles. It is also almost see-through. This would make my month if it could be drawn. Thanks,guys. 




 Do you know what they call lettuce in France? 




 I do this often,too. I also constantly think of theoretical situations regarding people I've never met potentially hurting me. 




 No problem,mate. Pm me whenever you need to vent. 




 I'm 19. I saw my first and only psychologist two years ago. Then I moved and have never really taken the steps again to see another one 




 I don't have a psychologist anymore. The one I did have did very little to change my perspective;probably because I didn't fully open up. I feel if  were to keep a journal I wouldn't show it to anyone anyway for fear of being misunderstood, or categorized as one personality type or another. 




 Emptiness is a fucked thing, I wouldn't wish it on anyone. The feeling that a sooner death could outweigh the endless possibilities that life presents is hard to shake sometimes. I've tried, but that notion stills persists. I can't give you any way of successfully filling that void,but I can empathize with you. I don't know much about life but if you just need someone to vent your troubles on,I'd like to help in whatever way I can. I hate seeing people share this shitty emptiness. 




