 emm I'll have a look :) please post here to get the community going :) thanks for the interest, I'll look for the seeds now. PC/XBLA? 




 Whoever said that looks like a penis has a pretty fucked up pair of balls 




 Hey r/minecraft, 
I recently made a new sub for players and fans of Survival Island. There you can post seeds/stories/links and posts related to the Survival Island style of playing Minecraft. You can also post sets of Goals/Objectives to be completed in game.

It's only a new sub, So it will need admins/moderators, but most of all it needs a community, There isn't much on it now, but hopefully we can kick it off soon, So any Survival Island fans on r/Minecraft, Let's get this community off the ground 3

www.reddit.com/r/survivalisland 




 awesome! 




 1. Build a minecart rail
2. Craft TNT
3. Construct a watch tower at least 15 blocks high
4. Get Diamonds.
5. Build a fireplace using netherrack and brick. (stone/clay)
5. Create a full set of iron armor.
6. Build a tree house :D
7. Start a farm, 6 plants minimum.
8. Craft Red wool, Blue wool and Orange Wool
9. Enchant a chestplate 
10. Build a harbour

Feel free to play on hardcore ;)
best of luck!! :) 




 NnnnnnnnnDEEEERP ....Nnnnnnnnn....DEEEERP 




 It's the 666 retweets  



















 So uh...I see your "report" succeeded... :) 




 whatever, It's only a post :) 




 haha how? 



















 This has more than likely been brought up before, but I would really like to see different colored beds in the the game, Eg. The normal bed recipe with green wool = bed with green sheets. They recently did something similar, different color planks of wood. I think it would be a nice feature in the game.  




 atheist bro-fist 









 Fair point, and I fully respect your opinion, but I mean 2 million is a huge number of subs, surely they're doing something right 




 You sir, are a genius! That's exactly where he took it. down by the Blackwater diving thing. He won a few awards for it, my favourite of his 
























 Life complete +1 









 Oh, thank you :) 




 Blatantly a fan of melons? 




 Emmm Im not sure but if it comes down to it, melons,cactuses and leaf blocks will look well from a distance :) 




 Its a button 




 Nice build 




 Dat ass 




 For when digging clay and other multiple drop items 




 Spuds 




 Notice how the girl on the right's bicep doesnt change for 18 years  




 This is like the Minecraft version of Nothing To Declare 




 AAAAAAAAAAWHHHHH  
























 Ah so you don't know of r/birdswitharms? Allow me to play you the song of my people 




 Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a new NA NA NA 









 That my friend is a Borg Starship 




 Sigh, another war caused by religion  




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 Either John Smith or Dokucraft :) 









 So he eat his face? 




 This is horrible 









 To Isengard! 




 Uncalled for 




 Why would I want to humiliate myself 




 Dude it's not me 









 I didn't see anything wrong with it... 









 that's what she said 




 Valentino! 




 That is a bitch ass amount of redstone 




 or a typical fly mod
 









 Yeah that would be good if, especially if night is falling and you can't find a village 




 Yeah, I think this one is around 1.3/1.4 which is more than a year ago 




 That sounds really really cool Hahaha :) 




 :) Thank you, it's the right thing to do for something of so much effort and time  




 that's a brilliant strategy :) I will try that myself :) 




 No problem :) 




 Ah but the bed is featured, indicating that this relativity map is of at least Beta 1.3 




 Night is on its way, but do you dig down and sleep off the night in a dingy 3x3 dirt hole, or do you dash to a village and sleep safe inside the warm walls of a house? 




 Buuuuuurn 




 Precisely ;) 




 Haha I didn't make it, I found the image a long while ago and decided to share it, credit to the original creator, must have taken him ages 




 Yep, sheep can naturally spawn in pink, very rare, but yep, they can 




 This is only a prototype after all, Perhaps in the future there will be an improved and updated version :) 




 Yes, unfortunately :'( 




 I fucking love you guys hahahaha 




 I agree 




 Hmmm, I can't remember the original source as I've had this image for about a month, But I would recommend a Google Image search for 'minecraft relativity diagram'. I will have a look around for you and link one to you if I find a bigger version ::) 




 Knew you guys would love it ;) 




 Yeah, imagine all the cut and paste and stuff, credit to the guy 









 Cause y'know, everybody drives boats 




 Precisely 




 Fuck 














 Dude the one on the far right is mine :p 









 Hahaha TAKE ALL THE PUPPIES! 



















 Ahhh if only we actually had girlfriends... 














 TO THE KRANKENWAGEN! 














