 I definitely thought this was all rumored. Thinking about this, it would cause alot of problems for the standard player. 
Heres a situation: A player goes to his friends house and has the ultra newest game linked to his XBOX before he comes over. To save himself and his friend from troubling with all the cords and plugs, he leaves his Xbox at home. When they start playing, he downloads his account on the Xbox and gets ready to show his friend the game aaannnndddd......
ERROR: THIS GAME IS NOT VALID ON THIS XBOX. PLEASE BLAH BLAH BLAH.
Anyone else see the problem with this in some situations? 




 Okay what i had considered and talked about with my uncle and a few friends is that on the Xbox One, they will have to option to download newer games that you previously owned on your 360 such as Halo 4, Mass Effect 3, Bioshock Infinite, and other highly-played, recently-released games. Albeit this was just my idea, i dont think theyd kill this stage setter that quick. Anyone else have ideas? 




 *slowly applauds* 




 Hey OP, dont Jinx us! 




 Oh gawd. 




 What do you mean, may I ask? 




 Ive also noticed crystals floating in mid air and not taking hit damage which reallllyyyt sucks 




 Thank you! Again, mostly mobile user so i dont get to see this but when i get on my laptop again ill change my flair. 




 Okay pardon a mobile Reddit user for a moment please and allow me to ask, is their flair for the Defiance subreddit and do we need ideas for some? Cause id be more than willing to come up with some. Of course theres the obvious; Ark Hunter, Arkfall, Irathient, Human, Castithian, Bioman, a title for each in game company, and maybe even McOlly(sp.?). I dont know, pitch in your ideas! 




 It is. In Co-Op on the mission into Delta Bunker, there is a bioman pumped up on adreno 




 I got late christmas money and immediately went to my local Vintage Stock and found it. I didnt even know what i had stumbled upon till i got it home. Mines perfect, no dents, and no rust 




 Missouri is with you buddy! 




 Okay i have to say it FUCK US AMERICA. Honestly, we make jokes about like Canadians always being too nice and stuff and its not even that. Theyre just not assholes. They have EMPATHY for the fellow person, something im sad to admit, most of our generation doesn't have.
If you have given me a gift, id probably have shit a brick and been really happy. Thats courtesy right there. People nowadays just aren't nice. In a dog eat dog world alot of people are becoming wolves. 




 I'll promise you mine if you promise me yours, I've said it more but who keeps scores

Right... right in the feels. Oh god.
 




 So this post is exactly what the title is. My story. My struggle with depression. Its been a battle that im not happy to be a veteran of but im sure as hell glad that i am where im at today.

My depression started really early for me when i was in about 5th grade. I was bullied alot at school. Now, you hear a lie so many times eventually youll start believing it. That was the case back then. I wasnt a big kid but i was chunky. I was in baseball from kindergarten to 5th and that's pretty much what kept me active. I was called fat and other rather harsh words for that era and at the time, it sunk in. It etched onto my skin and those kids didnt even realize it. I made it through the year but i wasnt prepared for the next shitstorm.

6th grade. Yay. Everyone moves up to middles school(except fort osage. Screw you.). This is honestly where it really started. Well early on in the year it was the same old same old. Kids call me fat, i lose all motivation to work at all and i just sit there. I got alot of shit that year, worse than before. I was in my schools gifted student program cause i was smart as hell. I always had been. I got a really good friend out of it and he helped me through what was to come later. Anyway, i got suspended for a racist comment directed at a black friend of mine who laughed his ass off at it. Nonetheless,  i still think the school had it out for me. I got suspended again later on that year for i can't even remember what now. Then my parents got divorced. It tooks its toll big time.
My mom was a heavy alcoholic, pill popper, and coke addict. She was physically there but nevee mentally or emotionally. That affected me the most. Never having the social development at home that i never got at school. It killed me alot. My stepdad was abusive when they fought the last time. He choked her right before my eyes. It made me resent him even to this day.
My mom sobered up thankfully and i was sent off to live with my aunt a few miles south of home.
Thus begins the second shittiest year of my life. 
7th grade. At this age(12yo) i was still highly imaginative but i was very unstable. My anxiety worsened now more than ever, not being with my mom or sisters. My cousin grew to be a brother to me. At that time though, he was just a role model. He was drumline captain and was friends with everyone at the small new school. I had about 3 friends total, not including family that were there for me through shit. I was a nobody at school. I got home, would check the mail, and then read my new Naruto manga and pretend i was a ninja for a bit before setting down and playing xbox. I had no life. I was too young to go out with "friends" and i wasnt old enough to be left alone. I became a burden to my cousins and i even overheard them talking about it one time too. I hated living with them. My cousin would always jump out and scare the living shit out of me to the point where i had an anxiety attack and sat and cried for up to three hours. That house broke me. One of my friends also really liked naruto so i made her a ninja star from paper and one time i was making her a spare and my uncle caught me making it. He took it, ripped it in half, and said "Its time to grow up. Youll never be a ninja so you need to quit with all that crap. Ninjas are a long time ago. They dont exist anymore. Grow up and start thinking about a real job.". That broke me. To the core. I went to school the next day, hid in the bathroom and cried for the whole first hour. Later on that year i wronged a girl slightly and she got her squad together and tried getting me suspended which was pure entertainment. Anyways, that school year ended, they moved away and other stuff happened between us that now makes me hate that sect of my family but thats another story.
8th grade. Changed me for the better honestly. Went back to the school i was at for 3rd-6th. So i knew alot of people and met some new ones. I was still fixing up from being the new kid and traveling back and forth every week. It gave me stress and anxiety like no other. I was always on snapping edge, ready to rip someone a new one. A teacher called me out for being correct and humiliated me in front of the class. It sent me blazing. So i wrote her a rather harshly worded deathnote:) something among the lines of A Little Piece of Heaven meets the Black Dahlia Murders..:) goes without say that i got in trouble. Expelled is more correct. And then i made my second stay at Research Psych Center! Yay. Not. Pumped them so full of bullshit it was hilarious. I did however get properly diagnosed with Bipolar and Manic depression so at least they got that right. I moved to odessa with my mom and stepasshole (he doesnt deserve the title dad). The first month or two i wasnt allowed in classes. Let alone in school a whole day. After a while, i did ISS service and around midjanuary i got into actual classes. Nobody welcomed me. I thought they all knew. I was so paranoid i though everyone had been told what i had done for their personal safety. I didnt have anyone to talk to till close to the end of the year. All but a handful of those friends now hate my guts.
Freshman year. I had anxiety like never before. Bad enough to. where i attempted suicide. Again. And got stopped thankfully. Had to go to court for Public disturbance or some shit like that. Went through the year under constant ridicule and harassment. I got into theatre. It was and is my escape. Its my calling. What lets me get away from people. I survived like usual. I lost a few friends along the way but theyre losses anyways.
And now to the grand finale. Sophomore year. My current year. Been pretty shitty so far. My best friends give me shit every second of school. Wether its about my choices in anythng or my mom or what, they find something and make fun of it. Back in about November, i planned on going through snd killing myself. I was done. I thought it was the only way out and the easiest way to stop the ridicule. Kaylynn, my current girlthing(we aren't dating but we want to) messaged me. Just needing someone to talk to in a time of need. I took it as a sign and i talked her through a situation id been in before. A few days later she said she like me. I liked her too. We dated for a month. Only good thing this year. We broke up and kept talking. My stepdickhead came out about his addiction to meth only to keep using. Uh.... welll.... now im here. Typing this with sore thumb pads and sore eyes.


Please share your stories. Your strong enough to get them out there. Trust me i believe you can. And if your thinking about suicide, take this as your sign. Live another day. Live for me. Live for family. Live for a friend. 




 Alot of my friends know that about me but ive gotten better over the years. Its a huge struggle as im sure we all know but if you can make it t hrough the day,  i am so damn proud of you. 




 So happy i took the time to help and im gonna keep helping as long as i can 




 Welcome to Reddit halo where we help decide wether an AI is 8 or 70 and the legitimacy of her hotness. 




 Im going to sound like Satans stepson but i ate the baby, then killed the guy for his armor. 




 "If they came to hear me beg, they shall be disappointed." 




 I love you sir. The firsr creative story i wrote was whenn i was 12 and i had just read Ghosts of Onyx so i was obsessed with the spartan 3s. My newer writings are exponentially better and are better formed and are more canon. I love reading other peoples works too. I am interested and excited! 




 So my ex girlfriend/current fwb[16f] and i[16m] have been talking since we broke up. I was her first kiss and she has always been shy and nervous. Well, i introduced her to my form of sexting as a means for her to show me what she really wants to do but is to nervous to do. She enjoys doing it and wants to almost every night. Over the past few months shes evolved from hardly letting my hands wander while making out to letting me eat her out while she masturbates to it irl. 
Heres where the problem lies. Weve been in this phase for two months now. She really enjoys it because she "gets a different barrage of senses each time" but i feel like im beating a dead horse. One time she got to having her hand wrapped around my dick but couldnt bring her self any farther.
I need help either getting out of this phase or ideas for her to do physically(btw shes not the biggest fan of penetration). Please help guys, i know im a little young but please. 




 A fwb of mine, we have a similar system. I suck at memorizing lines in theatre and so for each one i get right when she asks, well pretty much all in person except incriments of 1 




 Im in a similar boat with you bud. My girlfriend is really insecure, she doesnt have the history though. I was her first kiss and we dated for a month before she broke us up. We never stopped talking and she admits she still loves me but doesnt want to commit again. She loves sexting which i introduced her too but she wont go past me eating her out. She lets her insecurities bug her but i have mine too so ive learned how to get rid of them. If she does get insecure i just comfort her and remind her how much i love her and she falls asleep on the phone with me  




 Are you Satan?! 




 Okay couple problems with that, while i do miss what story 1 2   3 had against the Prophets, theyre all dead now. The covenant has pretty well disbanded to radical loyalists. The elites are now in the (Spoiler:Glasslands) midst of a civil war. The brutes are all but lost without any guidance and the grunts are just grunts. I dont want the flood again cause now chief has something REALLY personal agains the gravemind. I would type more but i gotta get ready for school. 




 So halo reach in a nutshell? I will agree, while i love the story behind Infinity, i miss hearing the death growls of elites. 




 If i understand it correctly, most if not true forerunners are dead. I could be wrong so dont hold me to it until theres proof. 




 While I cant fathom how purely awesome this would be, i cant see it happening. Spartan Ops as is already takes up quite some space but mix that with open world and yeesh. 




 I can agree on the dedicated servers with all my heart but what do you mean by in game rank? 




 Yeah, i was thinking of the grand total not individual sorry lol 




 Okay so rather than links to phony things that "will" be in halo 5, im opening this thread. Put YOUR ideas of weapons, vehicles, maps, and any other basic in-game things youd like to see in halo 5. If your using someone else's idea from anoter thread, please at lease cite that user.
Me personally, i miss UNSC aircraft so i would love to see the Vulture or Falcon in the next game.
I would also love to see the SMG back and the Brute Plasma Rifle. 




 I actually put Reach in earlier and just looked at my character. I had just reached Brigadier before switching to 4 and i remember how proud i was to level up to it finally. On here, i hit 40's in a matter of two weekends at a friends house. If they do add in the microtransactions like rumored, i would love to see a few extra ranks and rewards added in. Like three ranks after 130, Heretic, Reclaimer and Precursor and each one takes alot of xp to level, like in the millions. I think itd be cool. 




 I like it. Like a 5-10% chance of x3 and a 10-15% chance of x2. Maybe even add like one game fast tracks in there even. 




 Okay, so the first thing that drove me away after a week of Halo 4 was the sheer repetitiveness of the after game credits. Every match, id finish and watch as it gives me my 2890 xp and I'd move along. I miss the jackpot system that was in Reach. Never really knowing how much youd get, always hoping for the 30,000 cR. Please tell me Im not the only one. 




 Mind blown. That is actually a genius thought. 




 I actually think she still is active. Think being keyword. I may be wrong. 




 I like the idea. Like maybe in halo 5 it changes your tag to ally for 5-10 seconds but at the cost of your shields or mobility 




 I say do what you gotta do to get commendations and such. If he wants to do big team snipers than let him. It the same as energy sword and gravity hammer. You sure as heck arent going to get them in slayer so if you use grifball(like i did) i won't judge. Some commendations are just easier to get in certain game modes. I personally dont care how people get them unless they are using stacked matches. Then fuck you. 




 Only III's I can think of who were as good as II's by any comparable measure, is Noble 6. He was the only other Hyper Lethal spartan other than John. 




 I guess i worded it oddly. Traviss tends to put thinks nobody expects at all and is sometimes taken negatively. Like the arrest of Halsey, while yes, what she did was bad kidnapping and such, think about what had happened if she hadnt initiated spartan 2. She also almost glorified Paragnosky, the wicked witch of ONI.
Ive never personally read the Greg Bears but the reception is always good. I will take your opinion into mind when i consider getting the box set.
Speaking of which, how is the thursday war if you have read it. 




 I like the analogy there. Mind if i quote it? 




 Alright im going to put in my two cents.

Spartan I's and IV's are very alike. That is, they were both soldiers recruited for their exceptional skills and gene scale. At the time of Orion(I's) technology was underdeveloped and so several candidates dropped after recieving procedures. They were not given any power armor but were made to be super soldiers.

The Spartan II's were abducted at 6 and trained vigorously until 13-14 when they recieved procedures such as the carbide ceramic ossification of the bones, ultimately making their bones harder than concrete. Now while almost half of the candidates died or were lift crippled, the Spartans were able to show massive feats of strength and smarts. They could sport any MJOLNIR variation and were often sent on missions too risky for any amount of standard marines.

The Spartan III's, while having a higher success rate and a larger gene pool, were weaker with armor. The procedures were the same for the II's as the III's, only with time, they had improved to a 90% success rate as opposed to a sometimes 48% success. III's would recover quicker from the procedures and would be fitted with SPI armor and most often, sent on suicide missions, resulting in success with high, sometimes complete, casualties. The Spartan III's were weaker, but on par with wits.

The Spartan IV's were all conscripted because of previous conditions of servitude such ad being a special forces member or ODST. IV's had preexisting training and were thus not needed to be trained as rigorously. They would be trained, augmented, and ready for battle in 6 months, the fastest of any generation to date. Their MJOLNIR variant is, as another user pointed out, a Gen 2. That is to say, it is lighter, more durable, and just as flexible than/as previous generations. They do have a nanosuit underneath with hardpoints as displayed by Halo 4 legendary ending which shows IV's in the background getting pieces taken off by machines.

To summarize, Spartan II's are the most elite, trailed closely by IV's, then I's and III's. 




 Upvoted. I actually found an idiot on tumblr who, while im sure was trolling, argued 3s and 4s were the best Spartans ever made. Needless to say, a rather heated debate ensued. Thanks for the explanation!  




 See, I love the characters but Im not the biggest fan on Traviss' writing style. She tends to make a characters whiny and sometimes puts her own views into the writing rather than the view that most have.
Dont get me wrong, Karen is a stellar author but shes not Greg Bear or Tobias Buckell. 




 He was referring to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), which is what this subreddit is using to display your CSR flair next to your username.

AH! Yes that was it! He was talking about the flair and how he preferred old flair to new flair. Thank you!!! 




 Okay so currently, i am finishing up Glasslands for the second time and I am going to read Thursday War. I hope theres more of the Kilo Five. With reading all these, i havent read any of the Forerunner saga. Can someone sum it up for me or link me to a summary? Would be very much appreciated!! 




 Someone i was reading a post by had mentioned css. May have been a typo. Sorry guysCSS? LMFAO
 




 Okay so ive heard alot of buzz about CSR and CSS as of late and i was wondering if someone could explain it to me. It would be greatly appreciated. 




 I know im definitely a bit late on the get go as im not on Reddit all that often but i would more than love to help with the timeline. Ive got the Limited Editions of Reach and 4 so i have a bit of background you may or may not have. just want to help! 




 If I could, I would honestly mail you my old copies of First Strike, Ghosts of Onyx, and Contact Harvest. IMO, I love the backstory GoO leads, and Glasslands definitely sums up the aftermath of it all. I would recommend what /u/DildoChrist said about local librarys. If not, just buy them at a local Vintage Stock or comics store.
 




 Spartan IV's were all Marines, Navy, Air Force, and Special Forces before the recruitment into the program. Most of them, as previous commenters have said, were definitely trained before the enlistment. War Games was made to compensate for the lack of constant fielding and was also made to keep the Spartans at the top of their skill. So in a way, yes, their training could be almost nonexistent so they are readily available to be out and into battle. 
As u/afterbang brings up, the augmentation process is that of the SIII's. That is, quick and almost flawless, but the patient will need time to recuperate.
While Im about to contradict myself here, this is quote for quote from Gabriel Thorne's journal kept in the Halo 4 Limited Edition Infinity Briefing Packet...
"Feb 6'58
I'm a Spartan now, after months of surgery and training just so I could survive using the armor..."
Note: MONTHS.
So I am officially giving it my vote of anywhere from 3-6 months of training. Hopefully this solves something a bit. 




 I generally scream "That ones for Six!" or insert name in place of Six. Its actually entertaining cause my party is always uber nerds like me. 




 I think that the Infinity will report back to Paragnosky or her cronie Spartan and it will soon reach the Arbiter who will join again in the fight against the opposition. Or maybe they could do a split campaign in Halo 5 because if the Arbiter returns to Sangheilios during this religious civil war mentioned in Glasslands, he might have to fight against that. 




 I personally dont play Team Snipers on Halo 4 but on Reach I used to. With Halo, its like what I do in Swat; try not to look to much down or up unless you are on an incline. This way, if you round a corner, *pop* and the enemys got a shell already dug deep in the skull. 




 Wait, I am confused. What is the true skill system? Ive heard the buzz about it but i thought that was the current system..? Is true skill where your awarded for how you do in a match, not just for playing?
 




 My cousin and I when we were younger would play on my uncles xbox and we almost always chose Combat Evolved and ever since ive been a big fan. just a bunch of memories with the games. 




