









 [Ben Howard's version of Video Games by Lana Del Rey.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Men2J9uebI) 









 To Build a Home - Patrick Watson and The Cinematic Orchestra
If You Wanna Go - Joy Williams 
Old Skin - lafur Arnalds ft. Arnor Dan
Rivers and Roads - The Head and the Heart

oops now I'm crying
 





























 I read this in the voice of Lucille Bluth. 




 ie. Walking through parking lots with a key sticking between your fingers so you can stab any potential attackers or punching the shower curtain to knock out potential shower murderers 




 Bitch cousin stuffed my German Pokemon cards into a small crack in my toy kitchen and we weren't able to retrieve them. I don't think I'd ever been so devastated. They were in fucking German. 





























 Today, while applying eyeliner I realized that every morning as I did this, the amount of liquid on the applier would run out after the right eye. I had come to expect this and it had become part of my routine to  re-dip my applier in liquid after my right eye so as to have enough for my left eye. My immediate thought following this was that the eyeliner knew that I had come to expect this of it and it was following some sort of self-fulfilling prophecy/confirmation bias and would run out on purpose so as to support my expectation. [7] 

















































 Today, I lost my virginity. My boyfriend and I had attempted to have sex before but it had hurt too much to continue, so we had planned to wait a few more months. Naturally, I was preparing myself to handle what I thought would hurt like a bitch. Cut to romantic date night leading up to what was supposed to be a magical moment. I was terrified and positive it would be a bloody, painful mess. But for some reason, I guess due to the foreplay/lube, when he put it in, it barely hurt. And I, reveling in the lack of pain, exclaimed, "Is that it?!". I asked my poor boyfriend, "Is that it?" as he took my virginity.

Disclaimer: He has a big dick.  




 No phones, no internet.. poor lost animals :( 




 Hello! I love your music and saw your concert in Dallas last year and it was mindblowing. It was my boyfriend's first concert and probably his favorite, to date. We were wondering what your favorite collaborations have been and if we have any to look forward to in the near future. Thanks so much for doing this AMA! 




 not so much on the tip of my tongue since I know what it is but I can't find the video where Ken Jennings answers a Jeopardy question with "what be ebonics?". can anyone help? 





























 The burning coughs of a young girl paralyzed with curiosity, aching to try something against her parent's wishes; the slow, dreamlike laughs emanating from the teen boy who finds humor and life in everything around him; the hushed, anxious steps and surreptitious puffs of a middle-aged man with children who must cloak his hobbies from a disapproving wife; an aging woman, kidnapped from the outside world by her pain, forced to live out her years in bedrest, who turns to the only medicine that truly relieves the pain. Four people, on opposite ends of the world, living completely isolated from the other. But, the world lies beneath a regal web of networks. These four people are not connected by the job web, the family web, the friend web, or the community web - they aren't even connected by the race or culture web. In some sort of joke played on us by the universe, they are connected by a leaf.  

















































 Just the regular camera on the iPhone 5s! Wish I could help you but this was purely an accident on my part :( 




 Wow, it's amazing to hear that. Thank you! Glad I could do that.  




 Haha thank you!! That's really nice to hear :) 
























 Looking for a place to rent (open to renting it for the night if not just for a few hours) for a party with about 40 friends. It can either be a room or a house or whatever else, I'm open to options!

Not really interested in a private room in a restaurant because my friends can get kind of rowdy.. something private that we can decorate/clean/manage on our own without owner interference would be the best!

Any ideas? I'm willing to spend up to $200! Thanks in advance :) 









 added links in my edit!! 




 Hello! If you are a male and you like to sing, you should think about auditioning for Dallas' only competitive South Asian a cappella team this coming Wednesday, Jan. 21st! For more information, check out the [fb event here](https://www.facebook.com/events/919252438098475/?notif_t=plan_user_joined)

Edit: You can find our recently released single [here](https://soundcloud.com/dhunkimusic/royals-dil-se-re) and check out some our live performances [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/DhunkiMusic) - and just as a note, the live performances on our YouTube channel, except for the 2 most recent ones, are extremely outdated and we have almost an entirely new team and have made a LOT of progress since then!!   




 My boyfriend would love to play!! He says he hasn't played Searfarers before but would love to. When are you available? 





























 Can confirm. Am dog.  




 I actually look up all the time! Photographing clouds is something I love to do; I just haven't happened to see clouds like this in Dallas before. 









 this is so fucking funny. 
this just made my night [7] 
























 Anyone know of any good organizations in need (schools for the blind, homeless shelters, etc.) that I can either donate money to or, preferably, buy something and donate to? Recently came into a little money and I had some ideas (such as buying supplies for a school for the blind) but I'm not from Bangalore so I thought I might get some good ideas on here! I want to give to an organization that is trustworthy and that will put the money to the best use.  









 This is beautiful and made me so happy!! 




 No problem! Glad you enjoyed :) 





























