 It will be my first witcher game and I am so exited 




 My ass is ready ........ Oooh wait  




 Sooo  is kirby boy or girl :) ? Any way 3ds version look good  




 No its not about your color its about your horse power :) if you are horny will ..... You know what will happen 




 Its late I know but happy birthday my friend . don't be sad we all here for you.  




 Its because of the characters and there skills and of course Nintendo touch . Awesome 




 That's why I love this game because of the characters and skills and Nintendo Touch . I am not big fan of dynasty warriors games. but this game will be a blast 




 Shit just got real....... I am so Hyped for this 




 Pure Awesomeness ....... Hype Train . Chou Chou  




 Hahahaha I really had a hard time reading your second part 




 Woow  so this is your speed painting........ I want to see your slow -take your time Painting. You are amazing  




 Let's hope it will be the sonic Savior game . I hate to see this franchise to be dead
And I am not big fan of sonic 




 Its not creepy its beautiful .......... 




 Thank you my love  




 Fish can poop ........    ..... Dear diary today I discover that fish can poop  




 You gotta love the comments here . its so funny I laugh do hard and one of my brothers is sleep . its beautiful I hope I see one of them here in Saudi Arabia but I think it will not happen 




 Its a good idea . thank you sir  
























 Thank you my friend I will check it out . thank you for the info 




 How can I get to Mario kart 8 ! I buy it yesterday and I have this feeling that I will not like it . I didn't play any Mario kart game ever this is my first one and I need help to like it .  




 6 a lot of player don't like it .
RE:Remake : they should make new RE with the Remake money.
RE:Revelation : I hate them for not make a Wii u or 3ds port 




 Will that creepy in a good way .......! 




 Oooh x men legend my favorite character was My Lovely STORM oooh and her super skill ( THUNDER STORM)  




 Glad to hear that . thank you  




 Thank you . I will :) 




 That's creepy :0 




 Ooh yes . thank you my friend I just finish ep 3 and understand the regeneration of the doctor and his past  




 Thank you for the information . I hope I like them all :) 




 I will . thank you :) I almost cry at episode 1 of season 2  




 Thank you . will the doctor cheat death and transform to another doctor maybe this is spoiler to someone  




 Pure Awesomeness ...... ! 




 Magician for life  




 F*ck you ubisoft we don't need you to survive   




  Number 413 . 3ds . animal crossing . pikmin 3 




 His eyes .... Deep sadness inside 
























 Wow . thank you so much man , for writing all this tips and information  , thanks  




 Thank you so much my friend for all this information , you are awesome  




 Thank you my friend  




 Now I am sad ... fallout was the best game for any explorer out there  




 Hi how are you guys? Wow this sub is awesome , when don't starve come to the ps4 I watch some gameplay and I love it but didn't buy it tell yesterday  . I am new to the game and now I am at day 22 or 23 , and my sanity is low and my health , I built my base near a friendly pig , I have the science machine , and 2 chests . so tell me how to{ SURVIVE } 




 Mechanic pussy ........ ! Wait woot?  




 Rise my child! Rise to realize your true potential! Unleash your power and awaken the Eyes of the World 




  I love the way she look at the camera 




 Someone will get back slash tonight .... 




 To explore the world .....! 




 I can't look away ...... I keep smiling  




 I am sad and I don't know why :(  




 I love you more now just for FF XII  that game made me in love with RPG games what ever other people say about it  




 And why is there an air (wind) on the moon !? :) 




 bowser is sad haha . please kill meeeee!  




 Now I really like it . maybe its hard at the beginning but now its great thank you  




 I pick up my copy 3 days ago and I didn't play online a lot I want to open all characters and stuff but if you want you can add me : train_subject1811 
























 Fabulous .... 




 Aaaah a hunter .. 




 Yes that's true my primary console is the ps4 and my secondary is the Wii u  




 What will i be like if i was Raised by frogs! 




 Its not creepy man, its sad  




 Aww 




 Wish I can be one of them , I always want to do this  




 I can't look away, wow man its beautiful .... My heart .. I want to learn this  




 Creepy as fuck .... Oooh nightmare material  




 Allons-y  




 Excuse mee princess 




 Link ... Is that you!?  




 Now I want to try this... 




 Hahaha priceless  




 Its OK I can kill her , I have a lot of humanity  




 Thank you man 




 Explore every corner of the world map  
























 I am BoM Build so........ I have to Spam R1 right? 




 I am at my 3rd play through ..... Yeah you chose  




 FFXII was the game who make me in love with RPG , some fanboys will say 7 is Better bla bla bla.  




 May the good blood guide you  




 Your account on reddit is a not except me. 




 For me I will say Fallout 3 , the atmosphere of the Westland and the vaults my god don't forget the train station and the ghouls , when you walk from the vault and see the Westland for the first time I can't forget that day ever lonely explorer in this harsh world   




 Where is kratos when we need him so much, ooh will I think he is in another place having fun 




 Paradox / BeringerOfDarkness /thisShitIsReal /LookAtMeDaddy /OmgLoLYolo 




 Then he take an arrow to the chest 




 Giratos is kratos in a parallel world 




 Pew pew die beast 




 My favorite character in GoT , and I hope she can take her revenge  




 I know where, but I will not tell you  




 That moment when you realize the dog penis is bigger than yours ....... 




 I want arya when she was on the ship headed to bravos .. Great wallpapers you got  




 Weird in a beautiful way , normal but with a touch of imagination , magical and colorful . You are amazing I love all of it and I know what am gonna use as my phone wallpaper now   




 Its so adorable  .... My god its cute  
























 That a fine long GIF  




 Yeah I was thinking about it , what I want is to see her  be trained to become stronger and take her revenge , like a faceless women but not that faceless hahah  




 Wise words  




 I am with you bro  




 Beautiful 




 my heart get raped in that scene , I will wait for sans a to get her revenge 




 Yaaaaas , I am waiting for that to happen , Sansa will rule  




 I am so excited to see Arya became stronger and be a faceless Girl and take her revenge , I can't wait 




 I am sad for her , but I will wait till she can take her revenge on him , oooh why  




 I know its a traditional thing to do , but come on why people still do it , its dangerous  




 Its the Monado Power  




 Its look like Justin beaver ! 




 I can't explain how happy I was when I saw her smile my god  




 I swear when I saw her look at him and give him this smile I just laugh so hard in joy and happiness , because of what he did , make sansa cry she can't do anything to him but her smile just enough in this time 




 They treat me like an explorer 




 True gamers don't play with kidtendo consoles  




 1st comment #omg give me the gold B! 
























 War , war never changes  




 I know , yeah I thought it was terrible but not like this  




 Yes I am waiting for that to happen, arya is my favorite character and I am so ready to see the little girl start to hunt  




 The one who stole our hearts  




 This episode,  was the best episode in this season wow the white walkers and the free folks and the fight scenes was great , I know why they cut the budget from the sand snake fight ;) ,  




 I want xenoblade x to sell better in Japan , but hey I am sure when its released in NA and EU its gonna start raining  on Nintendo  




 Rise my child , rise to realize your true potential, unleash your power and awaking the eye of the world 




 I was waiting for this  




 Take that Ramsey , you still a bastard  




 So cute Call the Ambulance! Wii u Wii u Wii u ,  




 I think Nintendo made the splatoon test so they can test their servers for the launch day  




 Xenoblade x is massive, and don't forget its the first HD game for the studio so don't expect 1080p ultra  




 Floppy Wiener .. Floppy Wiener .. 




 2 sec before I died and took my first trophy 




 Under my old turtle grave that I forgot  




 Its the panty Sniffer Simon 




 Twist - that was a real penis 
























 Cat 4 ever  




 Hi , I don't care either 




 I love your passion , I can feel it you are amazing , so ranked battles is PvP with points 




 Beautiful and amazing young actress , I hope her voice get better after all that screaming 




 Action RPG , or JRPG  




 Feelings 




 My God this is so FUUUN ,but I have to run now  




 My queen ! B But why? #ShitGonnaHappen 




 I want to see how she gonna take her revenge now , I am ready to see the little girl in action 




 Its great really , you are talented, but he is creepy  




 I am sad really , I liked her and she us a great actress , that's why I am sad 




 That beard though  




 I don't know what to say , but I am sad right now 




 My heart .... Its really sad  




 I am screaming like a fan girl right now aaaaaaaagh  




 Death will be proud of this ,  




 I am sacrificing my blood right now wish me luck 
























 Harry did you do that?  




 She know what you did last summer 




 So Jessie and James ...... Nooo my childhood 




 Time to kill that bit... Oh sorry wrong place ha-ha  




 Fuck the king - The Hound 




 Even my Nexus 6 will not fit :( and I was gonna pre order it 
 




 And a great combat too  




 Yeah , I remember this trailer so sad , too much feelings and when you start the game you can find the father and the mother side by side in a room :( 




 That's some advanced drawing man , amazing 




 Valar Goombaris 




 Thank you for adding me , of course you are welcome 




 Are you sure ?  




 Too old .... 




 Who is the first one ? I don't know him  




 When I first start watching the show , I was afraid of the daleks they are terrifying and powerful but now they are not, I want to be afraid of them again 




 Na Na Na Na Batmaaaaan 




 Damn you Olly  
























