 This is a terrible argument. Do these 1% own proportionally more houses? More cars than us? Do they use more medicine than us? More food? 

My point is that they do not "hoard" physical assets. Their wealth is merely extra zeros on a bank statement. The well being of us bottom dwellers has nothing to do with how many zero are on THEIR Swiss bank accounts. I don't believe taking up pitchforks and hangman's noose's on the rich will effect one ounce of my prosperity. My livelihood is from the roofing business.  If I charge my neighbor $1,800 to re-shingle their roof and I spend it how I choose, how does that have any relationship with Mark Zuckerburg and his wealth? 




 This is why I like Reddit. A perfectly pointless posting that actually amuses me greatly. Well done. 




 I thought they had to have a legitimate value added (at least one they could attempt to explain) as part of their business. For example, part of Amway's value is the claimed value of physically distributing product. Another one, an energy drink pyramid company, distributes the energy drink but most, if not all, of their money doesn't come from the drink sales and distribution, but from the big checks just for "sign ups" below them in the pyramid. That is more questionable than Amway in my opinion. But they claim it's the legitimate drink sales.  Then, the total illegal scams are one's with zero product but just get sign-ups (or money) from down the pyramid. Legit MLM have to have an explainable value added and the government and lawsuits become involved in making the determination if these business "value added" claims are legit..  




 look at that skinny-mini in the white tank top. Super nice looking! 




 Sebastian Buemi at the Shanghai GP in 2010.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7En1Q6zuAl4 




 Awesome 
























 The first one with the baby was great. The Trump one made me laugh too. They were all good. 




 Looks like a staging area for transportation. Boat or truck. 




 How could the President have missed the last 500 years of history? The point is, Christians had a reformation and no longer are violent. His statement is dumbfounding.  




 People who wear jeans and sandals. They're trying too hard for the laid back image. Bunch'a d!ckheads if you ask me. 




 Isn't that the point at being a punk band? Your supposed to be angry. I say good job Governor for tweaking them back into their "sub-culture-ish" attitude of being ticked-off at the man...... about something, or whatever. 




 Do they own 50% of the cars. Eat 50% of the food? Utilize 50% of the medicine? Do they buy and hoard any of these? If these 80 people died tomorrow and their money erased it would have zero impact on the remaining 6 billion of us in the world. I could care less how many zeros are on there Merrill Lynch bank statements. 
























 Fry's dog turned into Dolomite 




 All that did was make me hungry for Pop Tarts. 




 Was that a $600 iPhone that he dropped into the water? 




 I was trying to be funny..tee hee 




 So cool. Is this in New Jersey? 




 That's dumb 
























 Obama said it was "up to the Iranians to choose their government, but sometimes their governments acts poorly". That was Obama's way of staying away from the Green Revolution controversy but claiming he was taking a stance, That is a joke. Those words had no different impact than if he really would have said "trust your Mullahs" (which he didn't). But explain exactly how Obama's mild lip-service was anything but a tacit support of the status quo in Iran.
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/318891#.T0xSqdSGBFs.facebook 




 Were you allergic to nuts? 




 President Obama didn't support the Green Revolution in Iran at all in 2009. He sided with the Mullah's and told the people they should listen to and respect their supreme leaders. That was a blown opportunity. 




 That picture and headline made me laugh big time. 




 I demand an explanation.  




 That's funny you put the nickle there because I was not actually getting it until my brain processed the coin. Very good. 
























 yup...fits with the mildyinteresting 




 That didn't look too bad. Almost like her foot scooped him squarely in his torso. 




 Not really a Burns quote, but I liked when they thought Mr. Burns stole a trillion dollar bill and the government was using satellite imagery of Mr. Burns compound to locate the bill. The government guy says, "Using this advanced satellite imagery, we can tell he's not hiding the bill on the roof".  




 that's funny
 




 I'm glad there are people skeptical to this nonsense and aren't afraid to post it. Yeah to the o.p. 




 Well I'm glad you admit the validity of my original comment in that Obama didn't actually stand up for the revolutionaries in Iran, although I don't agree with you that he did nothing because he feared for the safety of the dissidents.  
























 Which one's normal? 




 Did anyone kick you out of their stores...anyone at all? I didn't think so. 




 I lost interest when Ramsey went irrational over his kid. But I lean towards being a cynical jerk anyway.  




 By her reaction, it wasn't on purpose. Funny 




 I don't think I would have ever guessed that one without the comment section 




 Apparently, the only criminal activity back then were slaves running away. Glad we've got that sorted out. 





























 I can catch a cold over a telephone call. I like this. 




 I've already jumped ship back to Firefox. I push the save button and I can't figure out the exact location of where it saved, nor could I change the location of the "save" where I wanted it to go. The big and blocky "manage bookmarks" blows, because I just want simple functions like "edit name" and easy to understand "drag to folder" functions. 




 I got two today. I was excited. I need to get a life. I hope they keep them around. 




 There is always a point when I'm looking through "Mildly Interesting" when I physically laugh out loud because it is the perfect three way intersection of:

1. Me realizing I need to get an actual life. 
2. The mind numbing randomness of this whole subreddit. 
3. Then seeing a great post like this one and saying to myself "hey, that's pretty cool".

And all is right with the universe once again. This was that post. (And the dryness of the title is the trigger). 





























 Ok. This is stupid. A Reddit description that doesn't even remotely apply to some dumb random photo of a "person".....whatever. 




 Memorial Day has nothing to do with the founding of the United States.  




 I missed the paragraph in the "social contract" where I end up paying for the electricity someone else uses? 




 And how many kids don't bother to finish "free" K-12. Why is this a smart idea? 




 The vote was about late term abortions 




 I think I'm there about four time a week which means 200 times per year. I'm prepared! He he 
























 Alternate headline. Thanks to the ACA, average woman has other working people paying $255 for her birth control pills. 




 She doesn't really hate America. She hates those little insignificant people who work in places like bakeries and restaurants. Ewe, those icky unwashed masses. 




 Maybe it's because illegals are willing to work "under-the-table" for fifty bucks a day when Americans actually abide by the minimum wage laws. 




 The "for profit" part is meaningless. They all pay their administrators and staff with the wheel-barrows of cash student borrowers bring in. 




 This one is awesome 




 My cat is missing a top fang and his mouth does that same thing. I wonder if this cat is missing an upper fang too. 
























