 U know we have stores for that.  




 Moose knuckle  




 Katy Perry has big boobs and Sara Bareilles has a big nose.  Katy wins... 




 I'm loving Star Wars more and more...(kidding.  Just kidding.  Don't wanna get reddit raped).   




 It's Jesus  




 Leave Tyler Perry alone... 




 All crap... 




 Awww 




 The food! 




 The shirts to tight  




 I had friends named Iran and Iraque...they were Mexican.   




 Such stupid racist law.  Talk about writing a law targeting one group of people.  Is this city in ARIZONA?  




 The death of Cory Montieth is still raw for gods sake... 









 Lmfao.  This is fucking hilarious.  Aye dios mio!!!! 




 That's his dad?  




 So wrong but so right 




 A week and a half  




 It's hilarious too. Republican nutt jobs were wanting to lynch Putin when it came to Snowden but the mention of their anti gay laws and nada from the wackadoo Republicans.    




 I don't think they have phones in Communist Russia 




 Or catholic  




 Hate to agree with u but ur right.  




 Awful?  It's true.   









 Hate to say this but they are gonna gang rape her or something barbaric.  Just saying.  




 Coming out explained in 4 pictures  




 Is ur dad the Ohio kidnapper? 









 The Internet  




 Lmao.  I crown u king of Sarcastic Land 









 Ehhhh seeee.  U can't catch me copper.  Ehhhh.  




 :( thought they did.  My bad.   




 I had to google half these people.   




 The dudes got arrested.  Ha  




 I love this  




 Stfu.  Ur a buzzkill 




 Oreo 




 This is wrong  




 Semen  














 Omg this is amazing television.  Who knew FoxNews albeit a local foxnews wasn't all crap.   




 Reddit is so anti establishment and anti everything.  Lol.  U rebels u... 




 Thought it was ice here.  




 Like a boss... 




 Aren't they raping everyone over there?   "Hide ur kids, hide ur wives..." 




 "Yes" 




 *sarcasm 




 "Actually"  




 Ok.  Maybe he's not  









 Yah.  He was.  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0089218/  




 I thought "Rudy" was in the Goonies? 




 Goonies...oh wait.  Were they in "The Goonies?"   









 No shit.   




 Supply and demand.   If u blame SeaWorld u have to blame the dumbass people who go to the shows.   




 Damn.  I read this post all the way through.  So interesting.  




 Lol. Who cares  




 Lipstick  




 Ha 









 Guillermo is a God!  




 Maybe he is  




 Nymphos 




 Yup 




 This here reddit is so darn confusing (banjos playing).   




 U 




 Racist.  Lol lol.  




 "Ain't nobody be messin wit my chillin." 




 Ur a buzzkill  




 So witty (valley girl voice).  




 Sure 




 Uuuuuuuuuuuu 




 Great delivery.   




 I think criticizing one of the guys on the plane isn't the way to go though.   




 Nice.  U have a good eye.   




 U were close.  Samsung.  




 Lol.  This post is from a couple hours ago.  Lol. Relax buddy.  




 Hmmmm  




 Amen.  




 I think he does.  




 Calm down tiger... 




 He's the CNN of insults... 




 And make that mothafucking money...which I'm sure he will do now but good for him.   




 Because it says "Sent from my Samsung" 




 No shit.  Put the phone down and run.  




 Really? 




 Ha.  I bet he has a Samsung...just saying  




 Run for the border 









 Douche.   




 Lmfao.  Everyone's good looking in this pic except u.  Lol. (And I mean because of the face ur makjng).  




 Daryl Hannah  




 So stupid  




 Can't remember this happening.  According to the article this happened in 2011?   Can't remember this going down or being covered by the local news.   




 Ha.  I live literally 3 blocks from this address.   




 Aww.  Hey.  At least u have a baby on the way.  Lmao  




 Aflac  




 This actually made me lol.  People turned around here at work.  Lol 




 Homophobia is gay... 













































































































 She's going after her baby daddy's $$$$$.  Oh yah.  He's a rich mofo singer from Mexico.  Go get em and his $$$$!!!!! 




 Sad  









 Stop biting ur nails  




 Why? 




 Lol. Nerds! 




 Illegal aliens?  




 "The power of Christ compels you." 




 Huge penis  




 Lmao.  This bitch goes to the vet I take my dog to.  Lol.  




 U follow me on twitter and have actually answered a few of my tweets.  Gracias!!!! @jonah_rodriguez 




 Y'all ain't got shit on me (jk).  "EYE" see everything here in Vegas.   




 1 to 2 million a spin on roulette?  250k on BJ each hand????  

You my friend don't know what you are talking about or u r just flat out lying.  

Just saying.   




 Lol.  Well I work for a living.  Reddit is a time wasting site...not a career. 

Get a job.   




 They are better than Bose.  I have both and beats are better.   




 Lmao.  




 Hide ya kids... 




 Screw that "Doctors" show on tv.  I say you have ur own "show" here called "Drs" 




 Fucking buzzkill.   




 "Does he even lift" 




 He kinda does.  Lol.  Ala Godfather part 2 




 Lmao 




 I went to a high school that was pretty small.  300 total kids in our high school.  21 girls were pregnant at one time in our school.  That's basically 21 out of 150 girls.  Sounds about right... 




 Lol.  U actually made me think about the shut my dad used to say.  Great story bud.   You, my friend...get an up vote.  




 This is the realist thing I have ever seen on the Internet.   




 I love her smile  




 Damn Chinese  









 Damnit.  I missed this shit.  When u gonna jump ship and come over to Hakkasan?  




 Seems legit  









 You just ruined gay for me... 




 Talk about animal cruelty.   Damn.  




 Lmfao.  This actually made me lol.   




 Lol. I'm not even sure who that is.  




 He's just fucking with everyone now.  Lol.  This pope is dope.  




 Did u guys really not get along (past tense)? 




 Kinda creepy  




 Lmfao.  The caption made me literally laugh out loud.   




 They sell those at Wal-Mart 




 This comment just opened my eyes.  Take it for what it's worth.  Thanks.   




 I don't care if it's her or not but she's a fucking CUNT.    




 How the fudge is this NSFW.  stay off reddit if u get offended so easily... 




 Damn.  I missed "The Hair" from parks and rec... ;( 




 This has to be one of the funniest things I've seen on redditor.   




 Lol.  People in Texas are crazy. Lol 




 It's happening already.  Reddit is becoming Facebook.   




 I knew it was something like that.  Thanks for clarifying  




 My bad.  Sorry.  




 Wasn't it a drug deal gone bad?  Maybe I'm wrong.  




 What role did u turn down that u wish u didn't?  




 Global warming is a bitch  




 Typical post by an ugly person.   




 This is one of my fav posts I've read on reddit  




 It's a lobster stupid  




 Fuck the Yankees.  




 Or he could be gay.  Duh  




 Lol 




 Wendy's  




 Nerds  




 Pills and booze  




 In the words of the dead Whitney Houston...HELL TO THE NO 




 They look like death.   




 Screw hugging the grandma.  Yup.  I wanna hug him.   




 Racist post. Not all Latinos speak just Spanish.  We do know English u jerkoffs.   




 Anything by Sigur Ros  




 Could they be anymore dramatic?   It's like the end to a Sopranos episode.   









 Is it dead? 




 Shiner Bock 




 Ambien  




 How the fuck we supposed to read this shit.   




 Lol.  Poor baby 




 Poor guy.  He was probably innocent.   




 It looks like ur car wasn't even damaged.  Lol. What a waste.  




 This was so fuvking long ago.  Who gives a shit.  




 Lol.  He's Captain Neckbeard  




 True dat!!!! 




 She's a 10.  He's a 5.  Just saying.   




 Shouldn't u be taking cover??? 




 PimpPope 




 Oh, he sees you (not in a creepy way)... 




 Omg.  Do u work?   




 Hallelujah  




 Armadillos=Leprosy
 




 He looks pimp.  Let him!!! 




 Hallelujah  




 Do u know Russell Crowe? 




 Didn't Jesus get nailed to a cross?  If that's "fine"... 









 Which comedians or actors do you find funny as fuck? 




 Finally...not a catholic pedophile.  .   




 Did he booze it the whole time?  




 Not sure what to write but we all go through shit sometimes.  Life sux.  Don't give up.  Be strong.  This shit is gonna pass.  Trust me.  You'll smile again.   




 Indian taker 




 House of Cards 




 I'm taking a guess but your family probably voted for Romney right? 




 Someone asked me what the best search engine was to lookup YouTube.com.  Google or yahoo.  




 Fuck.  Can't believe I missed this.   









 Cave sex  




 Moose knuckle  




 Hey. Where did u get that car seat cover?  




 You are welcome.   




 Mission accomplished.  




 I put it in wtf to get guys like u to respond and complain.  Who are u?  The reddit police?   




 Aww.  Do u need a hug (or a girlfriend)?  




 Two posts!!!!! http://i.imgur.com/AO3Ltlz.jpg  




 More.  I need more! 




 A lot of info  




 Valedictorian  




 I wasn't even gonna respond to the "who's Marty" question.   




 MGM Grand Las Vegas.  I mean.  Who wants to go to Detroit.   




 Fellow Vegan 




 Now u know.  Lol 




 The only justification for wtf was because somebody actually valeted it here at MGM.   




 Mind blown 




 Yes indeed.  


































 Hakkasan!!!!! 




 A lot of gum (not cum)  




 Dat ass... 




 Time.   That's all u need.  A lot and lot and lot of time.  




 Ha.  Touch  




 Yoga had helped surprisingly more mentally than it has physically.   Thank u sir!!!     




 Daft Punk got crazy after the Grammys  




 Big tits (and I don't mean on her).   




 It's a drill stupid  




 Anal  




 Tell the black guy to go check.  They always die first in scary movies.  




 The one us about to fuck the other one  




 Reincarnation.  Oh wait.  Are those Egyptians or Asians that think that?  














 How can they breathe like that?  




 Lol.  Smoking in the theatre.   




 Hero?  Really?? 




 NSA in officially watching u now.  




 Lol.  I read why ur late on this post and u mam...get a pass!!!!  Spaceballs!!! 




 Finally something good on here  









 Drink drink drink!!!!!!   Protein that is.   




 Deadmau5 hanging himself  









 Omg.  I'm in Vegas now.  Been for 10 years.  I'm originally from Corpus Christi.  I went back home a couple mos ago and I tired the spicy ketchup from whataburger for the first time.  Absolutely amazing.   




 Waylon?  




 Pollution.   




 Though. Lol 









 GLAAD is gonna protest you now.  




 Lmfao.  




 This made me literally lol.  I scared the fat lady next to me at work.   




 Gay Curse  




 I thought somebody was BBQing  




 Not sure how to respond to this.   




 This literally made me spit my food out laughing.  Thanks.  




 Lindsay Lohan  




 He looks like he's gonna stab u  




 Star Wars (the one with Sam Jackson).  









 He's a douche 




 He's fucking it  




 This is the first reddit post that truly reflect my life.   




 Stuffed dog head  




 A lil ironic  




 Just a reminder.  Not all gays look like hobbits  









 They spelled Hillary wrong  




 Did they die? 




 A Patriot would have stayed in the US and fought for what he believes in.  Instead he fled (that rymed).   




 Fuck it  




 Head and Shoulders  




 What does he say? 




 Pow chica wow wow  




 Lol. The cats legs  




 Jasmines boobs are kinda lopsided.   




 Numbers  




 Semen  














 Ur ass looks like ur crotch in the pic of u ass a baby.  wtf  




 L I C E........... 




 Thank u!!! 




 What's phish? 




 Thanks  




 Thank u! 




 Nice 




 Absolutely  




 Thank u thank u thank u! 




 Thank u!! Lol 




 Amen.  




 "You can do it!!!!"  Lol. Thank u.  




 Thank u! 




 Thank u! 




 Absolutely.   




 Racist.  It's because I'm Latino?  Lol  




 Yes.  Like at chuckie cheese.  




 Congrats man.  Keep it up.  




 Blah blah blah  




 Well said.   




 Jabba the Judge here.  




 Hells yah 




 Thanks  




 Ok 




 Thanks  




 Cheers! 




 Reddit police have arrived  









 Ehh 




 Nail on head! 




 Lol.  I have had a trainer for the last 5 mos.  I know exactly what u mean.   




 Thank u!!! 




 Thank u!! 




 Eh 




 Thanks! 




 Thank u!! 




 It is "No Ads"  




 Lol. It is.  




 Congrats bud and thank u.  




 Thank u!!! 




 Thank u!!! 




 Dude.  U don't think I wanna go and have one sip?   One lil bump?   Don't feel guilty.  Talk to someone.  Remember.  U aren't alone.   




 Amen 




 I'll take that.  Lol 




 Both?   Ha  




 Cheers!!! 




 Thank u!!! 









 Thanks bud!! 




 Thank u!   One day at a time (sounds corny when I say it).  




 It's actually tough because my family is 1000 miles away but I've learned I'm stronger than I ever have my self credit for.   




 Had to repost because reddit removed my first pic. Not sure why. ?  














 Why would he.  He's not a celebrity.   Nobody knows him.  It's just as sad but the 2 Fast 2 Furious connection isn't der.   




 Digitally stalled? 




 That girl has to shave  
























 Music from "Gravity?" 




 Lmao. His LEGS  




 @God He has RISEN!!!!  #ididthat  




 I have.  From Bernie Sanders to James Inhofe and Ted Cruz...senators like that can't win a general election.  It isn't possible.  Too far left or too far right is political suicide.   




 As a democrat, I would never vote for this wackadoo  




 Gladiator  




 Siegfried  














 What movie did u pass on and now you are just kicking yourself for doing so?  




 Fuck.  My fucking head hurts from laughing so much.  I can't stop watching this.  U see his little head go forward in the background.   




 Lmao  




 The power of Christ compels you!!!!!! 




 Lmfao!!!!!   









 I just tried doing that and I might have hurt my back.  "Thanks Obama" 









 Kind of amazing  




 She looks better with it on for some reason.   














 Lol.  Brilliant  




 Hallelujah  




 Good point.  And pooh looks like he's down for a mighty fisting.   









 When u moving over to Hakkasan?  




 Great minds think alike.  









 Well that De escalated quickly.   




 90210  




 Lol. "Pall" 




 phlegm?  




 I've been to the one here in Vegas.  It's actually breathtaking (maybe a lil dramatic but it's pretty cool).  




 No nutritional value in a bowling ball.  




 I think it's Amor.  Not "armour"  




 Do u work for google?  




 Penis  




 U get to see the evolution of how America is becoming a fatass country.   









 Lmao.  Brilliant.  




 People like jumping off that shit now.  Suicidal Tendencies.  




 I think Lola is a hermaphrodite.   




 Lmao.  Told ya.  




 No joke.  True Lies  




 It's too late for that  




 http://www.tmz.com/2014/02/28/george-lopez-arrested-public-intoxication 




 He was arrested last night North of the border.  Lol.  









 0 














 :( stay strong buddy! He's in doggie heaven now.   




 "Am I not supposed to be up here?" 




 Nope  




 Indeed  




 Either way, the legs were ginormous.  I would steer clear  




 It's the MGM Grand.  




 Lol.  




 Because I said.  




 Correct.   And the Budweiser girls who though hot, kept on walking directly behind the horse.   




 MGM Grand Las Vegas  




 Julia Roberts would disagree  




 He walked in after...douche  




 This is Vegas.  In the casinos, the "janitors" don't make minimum wage.  They are union.   $$$.  




 In a casino much less  




 You got me  




 You have to believe man  




 For real?  




 http://youtu.be/Ps25AKD-P_w

Fucking Tom Brady.   




 http://i.imgur.com/mK50f0P.jpg 




 And big fucking balls 




 It shit on the carpet...horse shit.   














 My grandmother has Alzheimer's and I to am a huge House of Cards fan (better than Game of Thrones).  




 U build me up only to tear me down.  




 What casino? 




 LMFAO.  This fucking made me lol crazy hard.  Not sure why.  I wasn't expecting this.   




 Lol. This is soo wrong  




 Amazing 




 He looks like he just raped someone.   









 Lol. U were on buzzfeed  




 That's Samuel L. Jackson  




 Where the fuck are u?  Iraq  




 Amen.  She's just screaming  




  Leprosy 









 For some reason the movie "The Cove" comes to mind.  Fucking Japanese.   




 Alaska is gay  




 Ur my hero! 




 "Raise ur hand if u believe Hillary Clinton is a heretic." 




 Done right?   She looks horrified.  




 I used to make these when I was younger.  Ahh. Brings back awful memories.  Thanks!  




 Don't past go.  Don't collect $200 




 That's creepy 




 Nutella is the best thing ever in the whole world. Amen.  




 And Faith and Tim are obviously too high class for them.   




 Peter Paul and Mary?  




 Drive thru style  




 It's funny because I ran into them on the way out of the airport and I said I saw u propose and the dude told me to send him the pic.  So I did  









 Why don't u delve into politics?  




 Zero Fucks Given?  




 http://bit.ly/1o3p0Cu 




 Fucking BRILLIANT 




 Hillary Clinton 2016? 




 That stupid fucking grin on her face.  




 I don't know  




 Have u ever been to a church?   




 Lol. Thanks  









 Lol.  Scientology isn't all weird.  It can help with somethings.  




 Target.com 




 Strap on  




 Wtf is an artisan.   




 eBay  




 Enemy?  




 Breast feed the dog back to health.  
























 Vegas 




 Forgotten  




 I've never lived in a place where it's freezing balls though.  Dakotas...no thank u.  




 It snowed about 5 years ago here.  It actually snowed and stayed on the ground.

I'm from south Texas (Corpus Christi) so I went from a sauna to am oven about 10 years ago.   




 Global warming... 




 Low is 80... 



















 The father is black  




 Well this is a new one 




 With all due respect, how can you say what you do is honorable?  




 In Washington, he would be called a........? 




 :( Star Wars???  














 Favorite Cosby Show episode???? "Who it is!" 




 Grew up in Texas here.  Same thing.  




 I'm from Texas and live in Vegas now.  I don't know which to say.  ?  




 N-Word knocking  




 Homophobe  














 Fuck.  I just landed in Texas.   




 "Cusion" is French I take it.  




 Less Teeth! 




 "FrontChi" 




 I know a Mexican when I see one.  I should know.   




 I just laughed so loud at work, one of my coworkers jumped 




 Werk!!!  




 Yup  




 Actually..........Only 8 seasons of Desperate Housewives.  




 I went to a Nickelback concert here in Vegas at MGM they were shockingly good.  Free tix of course but def worth the time.  I'd see then again for free. I might even pay 40 bucks to go see them.   




 It's a little morbid  




 Portion control  




 I work on bees....those are jets... 




 Bet ya he goes on tour now  









 I agree.  Love this song but not sure if he was singing off key or they were playing off key.   




 Too late 









 Powerful stuff  









  Wingardium Leviosa 




 It's the hat  









 Higgins from Magnum PI 




 Bubbleboy 




 It's Cam from "Modern Family" 




 Fuvk this dog's owners 




 See You In Tee 




 Fuck yes!    









 The power of Christ compels you!  









 You are not alone in thinking this.. 














 Oh my... 




 Mind blown  




 Lol. Glad u clarified the "I am" part.  




 Who's older  




 I am 




 U r purrty  




 Lol. Varify  




 Brave lil fuckers.  They are protecting the home.   




 The one guys was blowing the other guy  




 Pure terror in the sound of the owners voice  




 A Big Mac was served... 




 I can be kind of a douche sometimes.   




 Stay strong buddy  




 Lol.  Stupidest idea ever  









 Cast...away  




 A bog. Or dear 




 Been der done that  




 Lol "weight" 




 Beyonce  




 Leprosy  




 Beyonce  




 You would think with all that money he'd hire someone to coach him on public speaking.   




 He's not a very good public speaker.   




 Can u imagine if our presidents resigned every morherfucking time somethjng bad happens?  Anybody name a few incidents where our Prez would have do quit??? 




 The "Nevada Rancher" would definitely say "The Negros" 




 They like Adidas  




 We sure do.  It's not like she was 12.   




 James Franco does like em young... 




 Where the fuck do u live?   The Shire? 




 Starting the "Thriller" Michael Jackson dance... 




 Dolly Parton 




 He died? 




 They raping everybody up in der... 




 Wow.    




 Performing "Milkshake" ever get old? 




 ME TOO!!!!!!! 




 It's sad that these people let the cat get like this.   




 I nearly shit myself when he jumped.   




 Great video. Gonna watch all of the on YouTube.  




 Dat Ass.. 




 Looks good minus the eggs  




 Yes yes yes!!!!! 




 I'm literally 100 feet from this spa at MGM.   




 Hakkasan! 




 Hang in der bud! 




 True Blood 




 MERS 




 Even on award shows lately, Harrison Ford has seemed a little out of it.  Who knows.   




 He looks drunk  




 Side eye!!! 




 "21" Adele 




 Do u live in the sewer?  




 I wasn't fast enough to pull my camera out.  The crazy bitch screamed something and got arrested.   









 Amen brother  




 Ur nails are really dirty  









 I thought he was already dead  




 Rupaul 




 Lol.  Don't hate on "Gravity"  "Inception" was ok.   
























 I always wonder when someone's dying what goes through their mind.  




 I'm not really sure what to think about this.  




 U think he feels remorse or u think he feels like he did his job??? 














 Doesn't he own a new arena football team?   Maybe, people should start boycotting his team.  Teach him a lesson.  




 Ice cream cone  




 Maine Problems  




 I'm not sure how to describe a whale sound but...whale sound  




 Its a "name brand" seriously  




 I think "ur" heart just stops but I'm no doc 




 U know ull die of heart disease if "ur" name is "thehumpback"  









 I bet that lil black kid vomited in her mouth   




 Cheese?  Queso.   









 Either way it's cool but he looks ruff for 65.   









 65?   He looks rough for 65  




 The one person who speaks the truth and u get downvoted.   




 Lmao.  Fucking Mr. Magoo.  He's a joke.  




 I see what u did.   




 That's actually kinda brilliant  




 I'm not really sure what's going on.  I saw Star Wars twice in my life.   




 Ha.  Vegas?  




 I'm on Expedia now looking at trips to N. Korea.  




 Yup  




 Luke Perry is a dick  




 He French?  




 Diarrhea  




 He just quit.   




 Fuck.  U read my mind.  Damn.  Lmao.   




 Amen.  He's good but he's not that good.  




 Mexican Elsa...hmmmm  




 ...To get slaughtered 




 Anymore Desperado sequels? 




 It's like a Tom Cruise movie  




 Star Bucks.  Lol 




 I've always wondered.  Why do some females have to wear hair shirts...and others don't????

 




 Fuck the bride  




 Fuck.  I can't believe I missed this? 




 Fuck.  Can't believe I missed this.  




 He looks like a fatter Ron Swanson.   




 She's wet  




 Honestly I was never into comics, Star Wars, Star Trek, blah blah blah...but this looks good.   









 That's gay  









 The moms laughing is cracking me up.  Her voice turns from shock to wtf to bahhhhh.   




 This makes me sad.  




 Smells like teen spirit  









 Lol.  Lebron looks like a pimp  




 I do have donors on Wall Street  (Robert Rizzuto, Democratic U.S. Senate Challenger Elizabeth Warren Comes Out Swinging at Dorchester Town Hall Discussion, The Springfield Republican, 01/03/2012) 




 Exactly.  She seems wishie washie on a lot of things.  This is one example.   




 A record?  




 Eh  




 Si Se Puede...Si Se Puede!!!!  




 Lmao.  My mom tried to do that at a Gloria Estafan concert in Texas back in the early 80's!!! 




 Tread  




 No.  A friend liked the pic so it showed up...I don't even know what he is.    




 Kid A.  




 Damn.  It's in between my toes  




 I am  




 Mystery solved  









 Or Dana White  




 I know.  Every time I see someone post a selfie it makes me think less of them.   




 It was titled "Transformation Tuesday".  I mean dear god, what did he look like before.  




 I just got beat up  









 So judgmental  




 Yup  




 Da fuck.  This is brilliant.  




 I cheat 




 Thanks for the gay thing (serious)  ???? (They said I had to use a question mark)  




 Thanks for the gay thing (serious).   




 Politics.  




 2 weeks later...herpes  




 Sheep  









 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_9lSwJ-jeXxQ/TOslg6PcEWI/AAAAAAAABdc/4WAev6EstHk/s1600/obama-newsweek.jpg 




 http://youtu.be/5n1ey6eEijw 









 Julia Roberts 














 Alfred 









 Definitely the long one.  









 NEVERMIND then.   




 She's a cross between a Toyota Tacoma and a Toyota Sequoia.   




 Okay.  Is this Taqoya????  









 Went on a fishing trip to Sea World

http://i.imgur.com/uszwNc9.jpg 









 Like a bus 




 Wtf 




 Lipstick  




 MGM has like three sets of Star Wars machines.   




 They kinda look alike.  




 TMI Snoopy.  TMI   http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/046/5/5/tickling_the_snoopy_by_artoriginal-d4polfq.jpg 




 Thanks for understanding...and btw.  Tell ur fianc "Thank u" for serving our country.   




 I thought Game of Thrones was a stupid show so I didn't watch it.   AND THEN...I saw one episode and I was hooked.  I'm just starting season 2.  









 Yes  




 Yes  




 His buddies reaction is priceless.   














 He hates fags...the things u smoke, not the homosexuals.   




 Hardcore nips  




 Anything's possible  




 Even if it was, would that be a bad thing?   Thoughts?  




 Without a doubt  




 I know.  I was a bit choked up for some reason. Lol 









 The Shire  
























 Korean Jesus  




 I'm a democrat and I don't know how so many people think she's the savior of the Democratic Party.   She would never ever ever win a general election.   




 Jerry Springer  




 Trust me.  She's fat.  




 Omg.  I know that fat TSA agent.   




 http://youtu.be/i4EARItfoG4  This reminded me of The Office  














 cankle  









 Hmm  




 I mean what guy doesn't like "redhead" 









 Fuck.  That's what I was thinking.  Get the fuck outta my head!!!!  Chinese to go box.   




 Beyonc...because Beyonc.   









 Clinton/Poehler 2016!!!!!??? 




 Clinton/Poehler 2016!!!!!  




 PeeWee or Freddie Mercury?  Oh wait, is PeeWee dead?  




 Why the fuck would he do that to u?   He's ur bother for God sakes.  




 I'm not trying to print.  I'm trying to log into reddit.  









 Hate to say it but The Simpsons... 




 So what's a "voluntary quarantine" 




 This is SFW...FYI  




 IKEA  









 Yup  









 For what?  I seriously want to know what would be the purpose?  To prove a point?  I get it.  Someone like Sanders or Warren or whoever...but come on.  If we are being honest, we need someone who can actually win.  I believe in so many things Elizabeth Warren believes in but she would hand the election over to the republicans.  Same goes for sanders.   




 Not sure if anyone knows but Sen. Sanders would never ever ever ever win a GENERAL ELECTION!!!!  




 Yah...WalMart employees?  Have you seen them?  Its like a leper colony.   




 The power of Christ compels you.   




 Is this Oscar from The Office???? 




 Antonio Banderas has really let himself go... 




 Feed me Seymour  




 Awesome that someone gave him away for free and didn't just dump him in the street.  




 Disappointed about sales of your last album?  




 Lord Jesus it's a YouTube link.  I thought it was a gif.   




 "I think I have Ebola"  




 Wow.  Where is Pakistan anyway?  Is it in Iraq?  




 Duh  




 That dog is like, "Bitch I'm out this bitch." 




 Now?  you didn't know until now? 




 Brookline!!! 




 I thought the gif had stalled or something.  I opened and closed it 3 times before realizing... 




 I thought it was funny.   




 Nailed it  




 I don't have any sympathy for her.   




 What's he looking at?  




 This has to be fake.  




 This movie is amazing.   Saw this last week. 2 thumbs up!  




 A whole lotta stank going on I bet.   




 Clean the windshield  




 Jesus ain't got nothing on dem  




 Sarcasm  




 Oh god.  Give it up.  Ya lost.   









 Poundland?  Is that a sex shop? 




 lucky for me I live in Nevada now where nothing is tacky.  

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excalibur_Hotel_and_Casino 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homecoming 




 yup.  The purple ball Is a fucking xmas tree ornament.   




 thats for damn sure.   I went to al very small school in Texas.  300 total kids (grades 9 to 12) in the entire school.   20 girls were pregnant at one time when I was a junior.  20.  Wtf  









 She has a "Predator" head  




 Lol. Hey. I'm the most liberal democrat in the world.  Lol.  But funny is funny.   









 Oh god.  Mr. Magoo... 




 Actually...it looks like a bunny  




 Holy shit.  Amazing  




 First thing I saw was black hitler  




 It's an outhouse  














 I agree.  Two thumbs down.   



















 The Sopranos...Best TV series ever.  Even better than Breaking Bad.   




 Purposeful bitch.   









 No shit.  In the email, it doesn't have a price.  I wonder why.  









 "Foodstuffs". lol  




 It's nice but not sure about being the best and "tears"  




 His face though  




 Me too.  Think that grinds my gears is that I can't comprehend why celebrities would treat fans like this.  I don't get it.   









 Exactly.  At at that time. I actually watched Mad Men (before I went off the rails a bit).  




 Hamm was a dick.  Keith was drunk.   Lil was a Douche.   Colin whatever was a racist.   




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  I said are you sure it's cool to take a picture and he smiled and said yah of course.  

49ers QB Colin Kaperehatever.  I went up to him here in Vegas and he said that he was too busy to take a pic.  But then he took a picture with an African American couple.  Yup.  I'm latino.  I guess he didn't think I was worthy.  

http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  I said are you sure it's cool to take a picture and he smiled and said yah of course.  


http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  


http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm.  Total douche.  Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay.  He was smoking a cig with some twat.  I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three".  He was not amused.  

Toby Keith-big fuvking douche.  Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey.  I took the pic anyway.  

Lil Jon-douche and a half. 

http://imgur.com/tLbEU82
http://imgur.com/30dBw9w
http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS
 




 Good job BUT put down the fucking pizza.  Simple stuff 




 The lady picked up his cell phone  




 Lol. Who still wears Esprit? 









 Ha 









 He was funny.  Don't listen to the jerk off above u.  









 Drink it!!! 




 A...Fucking...Men  




 I saw them.  They were protesting in Ferguson.   




 I like the one with the cross.   




 Even the vending machine has too much CGI 




 March 14, 1999.  




 http://www.troll.me/2011/08/19/lil-jon/yeah-2/ 









 I thought it was some type of promotion but the guy paid for the cases and then gave the beer away after he left.   









 Kim and Kanye 




 Fugg 




 Die  




 I thought it was funny.  




 Big Conga line.  









 Ha.  And they have the ewok ones that are hilarious.   
























 And buzzfeed and HuffPost and cnn... 




 Fuck. I couldn't stop watching this.  I was crying laughing.  Not even sure why.   




 Children of the Corn  




 You guys are worse than Foxnews.   




 And now ur going to hell.   









 They planted one on him.  



















 Fuck...I can't stop watching this.   









 Isn't he dead?  









 Hillary Clinton just read this article and decided not to run.  Thank god for shock polls.   














 After reading the title and watching part of the video I wasn't impressed.  Then...u ate it. Lol. Hilarious.  




 Priscilla Presley 




 Looks like Eva Longoria is gonna get even richer.   




 I before e except after c or when followed by...whatever, it's THAN! 




 A lil mo...cardioooo  




 Cal him by his given name.  Valenzuela.  




 Chex mix  









 "But....he's bleck" 




 That was awfully specific  




 Credit  




 Twins 




 She's pregnant  




 http://www.memecenter.com/fun/106934/Boop 




 http://m.yelp.com/biz/donut-land-brunswick 




 http://m.memegenerator.net/instance/52945768 




 "No apologies necessary"  




 amen 




 arent dentists doctors? 




 pow chica wow wow 




 http://www.iscreammusic.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/I-See-What-You-Did-There_.png 




 Ah, whats Wong? 




 i know what you mean.  when the dentist pulls, you can actually feel the pressure.  I got some sweet painkillers too but i couldnt shit for like a week.   




 When I had my wisdom teeth extracted a while ago, my dentist was literally straddled over me trying to remove my tooth.  It ended up cracking so he had to carve that shit out.   




 better than balls on the forehead 




 Ah.  Someone explained it.  "Drilled and filled" 




 Pump and dump 




 Fuck.  I'm 34 and I don't even know what pegging is.  




 Done  




 I think she's the "T" in LGBT 




 Maybe once in my life..."no glove...yes love"  




 while grabbing my crotch?  too much? 




 Or is she the one with the "D" 




 She had no D...I'm the one with the D 




 When it comes from someone who I don't wanna get drilled by....yes 




 OP out! 




 yes 




 Vegas here 




 Where are these big tittie dentist/hygienist everyone is talking about?  My dentist is a middle aged dude originally from Lebanon and my hygienist is a middle aged Japanese lady (A-Cups). 




 I'll put my canal on your root" 




 She is a three bagger... 




 it was alright 




 my hygienist is probably an A cup...she's Japanese.   




 she had a glove 




 http://youtu.be/9BmV9aWqm2E 









 http://youtu.be/Kp5nUQkgWIc 




 Don't be cheap.  Get a Dyson 




 I'm not sure u grasp the concept of a fan.   




 Why are u a dick to some of ur fans?  




 I think u mean Kanye and Kim... 









 Ah. Ok.   




 I understood like three words.  









 The truth?   Probably 200.   




 How old is Queen Elizabeth? 




 Amen.  "Progressives" seem to think that someone like Bernie Sanders will actually win an election.  If progressives are willing to lose an election out of principle, they are just as bad as the tea party.   




 Beyonc...because it's Beyonc.   




 Wouldn't it be u got Evander Holyfield (ed)? 




 http://i.dlisted.com/files/trademarkunibrow.jpg 




 his Twitter name is "okokfuckoff" 




 They raping everybody up in here 




 Ghetto part of Vegas 









 This makes me extremely sad for some reason.  My Lola stays by herself when I go to work and I can't even now.   









 The Nina, The Pinta and The Sented Maria?  




 I think he meant he likes scented candles.   




 Hands down.  Best show on Netflix.   









 "Move yo ass boy" wow.  Spoken like a true plantation owner.   




 Besides all these extra bullshit comments, is the dog ok?  




 Bill Cosby.  Not sure why but I think he will.  




 vagina carpet 




 You know it's gonna be a fantastic video when it starts off..."Apparently a pussy-cunt" 




 A goat and a ghost.  




 Did he die? 




 Not making fun......but they look like Sgt. Pepper in those outfits.   




 True dat.  4 seconds....and it's gone.   




 No fucking way...holy shit.  For some reason I feel even stupider.   




 I thought dogs were boys and cats were girls.   




 Leprosy  




 Ha.  Me too  














 Frank Sinatra! 




 http://instagram.com/p/sL9DGRMFmG/

Fuck.  Looks like my Lola.   




 Okie dokie.   




 Same here brother and to make matters worse, I'm a die hard Dallas Cowboys fan (they are losing right now) so yah....... 




 Billy Cosby 




 James Franco? 




 Wtf does this have to do with him being shot by a cop?   Do you think the grand jury saw this video?   No they didn't.  Because it hasn't nothing to do with the other.   




 I wonder if u speed up his songs it will sound like Nikki minaj??? 









 http://i.imgur.com/FS5ZItg.jpg 




 I live in Vegas so it has it's perks.   




 Dafuq!  I wore shorts to work today.  Thank God I live in the SW.  




 http://youtu.be/2joetGgluqc 




 They look the same age  




 He doesn't know whether to laugh or cry.   




 My bad.   
























 Hey, I'm not the one attacking him on the issue.  Ask Martin O'Malley about that.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2015/06/25/a-pro-omalley-super-pac-goes-after-sanders-on-guns/ 




 Im not sure why it is stupid.  People have no problem attacking Hillary Clinton but Bernie Sanders is off limits?  Its a little bit funny that Clinton supporters are concentrating on getting her elected and Sanders supporters (mostly everyone on Reddit) are attacking Hillary.  Hmmm.  









 Hillary will win bitches.   





























 I think you have to look at the whole package.  Unlike most of the "Hillary Haters" on Reddit, I refuse to attack Bernie Sanders or any other Democratic candidate in the race.  That is the big difference in Hillary supporters and the Sanders supporters.  

One issue will not sway me...a candidate that can win and is right on most issues, will get my vote.   




 I laughed way to hard at this.   




 Exactly.  What happens if sanders loses?   Everyone will be voting for Jeb Bush?   Really??????  




 What song is this?  









 He won't win...but I think he is good for Democratic Party.  I'm still voting for Hillary.   




 Here in Nevada, Hillary is up by more than 50 to 60 points I think.  The fact that Bernie Sanders finally mentioned Latinos and immigration for the first time, after running for a few weeks, won't help his cause.  

The New Hampshire poll doesn't really come as a shock being that Vermont and NH are neighbors.   




 I always thought it was "step into a slim Jim" hmm  




 "I wonder if he knows the Commodores" 




 I'm listening.  My mind won't change.  I won't tear down Bernie though.  I think it'll be good for Hillary if he gives her a run... 




 I'm going to vote for Hillary.  I love Bernie but I'm a Hillary supporter.   














 My bad.  Well, everyone loves a good flip flopper.  




 He's technically not a democrat.  




 Yup.  He's an independent anyway.  He's not a democrat.  He shouldn't be included in the democratic debates.   




 Lol. Target  




 I like Bernie but he will never win.  I know what the argument will be...voting for him will not be a waste but electability is very important to me.   




 Sanders gets a bump but Hillary maintains???   




 No shit.  One negative post on Bernie sanders and everyone loses der shit.   




 Yup.  Kinda weird.   




 So Bernie Sanders if off limits but everyone else is fair game???  




 It's still kinda weird reading the article.   









 That looks like Josh Duggar  




 And it's gonna be called "O Brother, Where Art Thou" 




 Yes.  ;( 




 http://imgur.com/zUt408j 




 Def naked. Tiny penis.  




 patchouli oil? 




 did he just have a tracheotomy? 




 Does the one guy have a Chinese take out box on his face??? 




 He must work for Yahoo  




 The Clinton Foundation is a non profit organization like the United Way or the Red Cross.  Geraldo donated to a political campaign.  Two totally different things.   




 The black guy in the hoodie is mugging that lady.  




 I'm not sure I could be a vegan.  R u?  









 He needs to be stopped.  









 I think the point of the vox story is that why would anyone vote for Sanders when you can vote for Clinton because the ideas are basically the same.   




 Why blue?  




 That's not the point.  He was on cnn yesterday and Wolf Blitzer asked him if one billionaire wanted to donate a huge amount of money to his campaign, Sen Sanders said he "probably" wouldn't accept the money.  I mean, isn't that a little hypocritical?    




 I agree with 90% of what Sen. Sanders believes in but I'm being honest here.  He has no chance of winning anything.  Polls show even in Vermont, he would lose to Hillary Clinton.  Maybe this will push Hillary Clinton to the left a bit.  




 Lets be honest.  He really doesn't have a chance of winning.  Right?    




 It's because he knows Brian Williams is full of shit.  









 damnit...thanks 




 i work in a casino...nuff said 









 I'll try that tomorrow.  Stupid fucking casino Starbucks better not give me shit.   




 Fucking barista bitch.  She was probably fucking w me.   




 What up Jonah!   Sounds kinda creepy when I say that.  




 It's a lil overwhelming.  




 ohhhh...you better watch out.  even I know you arent supposed to talk shit about Star Wars.   




 Should I pour myself some tea?   




 I hated my name when I was a kid.  Now, I actually like it a lot.   




 Lmao Thats brilliant actually.   




 Since I was little, I've been called John, Yoda, Noah, Noel, Jonathan, Yonah (because I'm Mexican), Joseph, Joe, Yanla...everything. 




 yikes...dianetics 




 was waiting for the first troll...thats u!!! 




 wth...Jonah...not Jonas.  It's like freshman year in high school all over again.  




 Yes...thats exactly right.   




 ahhhh...no my name isnt Jonas. 




 Yes  




 I just asked my coworker and she told me the same thing.  I had no idea.  Can I ask for no ice? 




 done 




 you can do that? 




 you are welcome 




 wow...thats like magic (serious).   




 with 3 sweet n lows (i know, thats a lot). 




 Fillipino she was... 




 Right, you are! 




 No but i love a good veggie tale 




 What talking about are you? 









 thats the first thing i noticed! 




 is nokia even a company anymore? 









 They need to do a lil more cardio  









 Warren isn't running...get over it.   




 Jeans?  




 Yes.  What he said  




 Today is April 8, 2015 




 like when the tiger mauled Siegfried or Roy (I forget), people in the audience thought it was actually in the show and they clapped when it happened.  oops   




 I live in vegas....nuff said 




 I am d captain now  









 Gotcha.  Poor kid.  




 Wait.  I'm so confused.  Who's what?   




 I think his biggest perception problem is him leaving the U.S.   What he should have done was stay here and fight.  I think he broke the law BUT I do think he did what was necessary.  Maybe him leaving the us was his only option but now I think he could come back.   




 I'm not hating but why would you want to donate money to him???  




 If u read the article, Senator Warren is saying give Hillary a chance to make her point and take a stance before you judge her.   









 What both liberals and conservatives don't get is that you just can't be anti Hillary or against something.  What Senator Obama did at the time was be for something.  That's how he won in 2008 and 2012.  

If Martin O'Malley and the 32 republican candidates run an anti Hillary campaign (and that's it), they will not be successful.    




 Governor O'Malley's approval rating was 41% when he left office in Maryland....nuff said?   




 And that's how u get leprosy  




 They made him swim?   




 Menudo
 




 ok.  i'll tell her not to run then.  




 Well I would agree 100% with u on that.  I'm a clinton supporter.  I think she will win the primary and she has a really good chance of winning the general election.  In swing states like Virginia, Nevada, Ohio and Florida, she has a really good chance.  

I do think Hillary should veer to the left a bit and adopt or more populist agenda.  It won't hurt her and its really the right thing to do.   




 I know I'm going to get bashed for saying this but voting for Bernie Sanders would be a waste.  Someone like him (ultra liberal candidate) would never get elected.  Ever.   




 Fuck it.  Just leave it  









 I was being sarcastic but thanks for clearing that up.   




 the dude from "Twilight" 




 I understand his mindset.  My moms white and my dads mexican.  When people ask what I am, I say I'm Mexican because you know...white people. 




 I cant stop watching this.   




 You looked like Rachel Maddow.   




 This is probably the best thing I've ever seen on the internet.  
 
























