 I'm here to make a Rio joke 




 I can't think of willem dafoe the same after seeing his dick and balls in Antichrist 




 As did I my friend 




 I immediately thought of Lapras 




 She's still Cordelia in my eyes  




 The capital letters spell POOT USA down the side. 









 Are you dumb, that's the point of this fake video 




 Chicle yum 




 Nice funnyjunk bookmarks my friend  




 His arm looks severely long and deformed from the shadow... 




 If I see this damn picture one more time, I'll call Zach Braff and make him unfollow me on twitter  




 Hey! Who turned out the lights? Hey! Who turned out the lights? 




 That fuckers face is so accepting, like that shit happens to him every week  




 Nice 10 year old repost  




 We also have them in Iowa, OP isn't special 




 Booker DeWitt is still my fave  




 Whenever I hear popped corn I think of Ned's Declassified 
*edit: which is incidentally also said by Lincoln  




 Nice stain 




 I can't go through this stress again, I just can't  




 I sense some Jonathan Coultan in my future  




 They actually did take South Park off. 




 Well, Matt Smith already shaved his hair and announced he's leaving the show by the end of the year. So after John Hurt has his season or two, Matt Smith will use his regeneration.  




 If I see this stupid gif one more time... 




 What's up, teefury friend  




 I'm confused, why is there a tardis? 




 She doesn't even know about it yet. 




 I LOVE TO FUCK I GOTTA FUCKIN PROLLEM 




 I've had at least 3 reddit stories in my local news. The Hitler teapot was on it today. 




 I'm intrigued... But how would this get back at the husband at all? He's just slowly I investing bones, nothing happens. 




 Excuse me OP, I've seen Homeward Bound 14 times, Chancw got hit by a porcupine and this didn't happen. We caught your little game, time to throw in the hat  




 Change temperature to match temperature outside, rake in the votes 




 You're never too old to do heroin this morning  




 The fact that he recently shaved his Doctor Who locks means Season 8 will be only about John Hurt 




 When I grow up I want to want to be rich. I don't want it now, but I hope soon I will. 




 Too bad he's still Sylar in my eyes 




 Last night's Game of Thrones made it apparent that bears aren't pussies 




 Probably the same one getting raped on Tosh.0 




 Teefury swag 




 I'm gonna need some sauce good sir 




 I AM LRRR, RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI EIGHT  




 Your name is too great, spacedong 




 I'm not  




 Did you do acid? 









 Did everyone come here to make a Khaleesi reference?! 




 David Luiz! 




 I have that same phobia, I used to have this nightmare where I would fall into an Egyptian tomb and little bugs would crawl into my skin and leave holes all over my body  




 Do you like spacesticks, in your mouth? 




 But seriously sauce 
 




 This was a torture type in Amnesia.  
























 Despereaux? 




 I seriously just went through this maybe 15 minutes ago, I get a snapchat from my buddy who I know the girl I'm crushing on likes, and he likes her. And the snapchat was just her face, meaning they were hanging out together. Identical reaction as the gif. 




 Your girlfriend is 12 congrats 




 It does seem they are trying to trick us into thinking Vogel is the good guy, but I think she's the true villain over all. She is so okay with the killers, and she was the one taking Zach home, Dexter had some sex, then Zach was dead, and it showed Vogel with the brain. I think she's a bad guy. 




 You should watch it. 




 I came here to make a Tangled reference. 




 If someone would make this into a iPhone 5 wallpaper I wil supply the snacks and karma 




 How come when a cat walkes over the orange cat, it acts like its totally cool, but when I touch its paws ONCE, it runs and hides for 3 hours? 




 Desmond, Juliet, and Jacob are missing. Why leave them out and put in Ilana on the left?  




 Ha Vincent looks silly  




 Did anyone else find it weird that they had sex? Like I couldn't forget that 




 She fucked her brother  




 I AM THE NIGHT 




 Jennifer Anniston has a 2 or so minute strip scene, plus a scene where she and Emma Roberts teaches the fake son of the family how to make out. Plot galore! 




 Except Relicanth  




 "Chaos reigns" 




 More like FunnyJunk instead of facebook 




 He's actually taking off his headphones, they just put the little sunglasses over his hands 




 Are you The Waitress? 




 Lets stop and think, Ass Fuck 25 is the TWENTY FIFTH Ass Fuck in the series. The series is *so good* they made 24 additional movies after the first Ass Fuck. I have made it my duty to find and view the original Ass Fuck, and then hunt for the encyclopedia of Ass Fucks for the remainder of my lifetime. 




 That stair glitch 




 Baby cloud  




 That's a freaky movie, Fire in the Sky. 




 I love Maisie Williams 




 \3 Charlie I miss you  




 They sure dress up nice 




 Immediately thought of Grandma's Boy  




 Disney channel 




 OP's Michelle, she just met some kid and put it on /r/pics for karma 




 Is that Micky? 




 Appa! 




 You just stole this from Sunday's episode of Dexter. 




 Sansa looks pretty hawt here 




 Oh god the hotdog  




 Wait, all I needed to do for karma was screencap Garry's Mod? 




 That's my favorite season 4 episode, always has been 




 Why are you okay with letting Redditors oogle your mother? 




 My family walked into this exact restaurant. The waitress said we would be dining with another group of seven, at the same table. As we walked in we saw napkins and trash strewn about the restaurant. As a naturally anxious person, I was against sitting with people I didn't know, so we left. Easily the strangest place i never ate at. 




 We all know the library planet episode was freakier 




 How did OP take the picture  




 Pour a drink out for my niggas resting in peace  




 Where's the pizza 




 Imagine how many hours could have been saved in Skyrim 




 Yeah, I'm biking through small towns across Iowa 









 This guy looks like the beard version of Blake from Workaholics  




 Cooking Mama doesn't count 




 I didn't see you at the convention! 




 Came here to also relate to David Duchovny  




 They feel like sandbags 




 Anustart 
























 I hate when I have gifs saved and then they get front page, I was so close 




 Look, look with your Portal eyes! 




 Do cats normally puke the much? 




 The Portal cat 




 It's cool how the seat got more defined from you sitting on it 




 The big toe on the right foot isn't shaped right, you could try to make it look more three dimensional 




 Bad Company 2 will forever be my favorite 




 This was seriously on the front page maybe 4 days ago 




 I think I met her when I saw her naked 




 Chaos reigns  




 Fuck that shit 




 Where's Geatland? 




 That's Nathan Barnett. Once you know what he looks like you'll start seeing him as extras in a bunch of commercials. Also, his skittles commercials are fantastic, I would recommend a search. 




 cry

pick up cat

karma 




 Rango- Untangled 




 Ya heard, with Perd. I'm Perd Hapley. 




 Anyone wanna give me a link to that Patagonia coat? 




 I would love to go up to him as a Boondock Saints fan instead of the regular WD fan 




 I've never fully understood what that thing they hold and snap is. 




 He's getting used to sitting 




 One tiny blade of grass through my jailcell crack  




 Tell me why I just watched that whole video 




 Trailer louse 




 Is...is this a real person? 




 I can feel them on me!  




 Yo DJ High-Tek, where you at my niqqa 




 Deshi deshi basara basara  




 Draw JFK 




 This makes my heart hurt 




 I'm okay with this. 




 Oww ow ow ow ow owww 




 Caaaaaaaarl! that kills people! 




 You're not my fucking mother! 




 Me underwears 




 $55??? I got that poster for free for preordering it. 




 Then he ate his insides and said chaos reigns  




 I will write down your username and if she dies in the fourth season I will down vote every picture and every comment you ever make for eternity  




 Chaos.... Reigns 




 /r/glitch_in_the_matrix 




 I thought that was a polar bear exhibit or something  




 That's so long it took Goku a year to run from one side to the other  




 John lithgow is perfect for that 




 Look at those clavicles. 




 I came here to say I'm pretending this actually happened  




 Jack's building is a giant swastika ha 









 There's a version where someone recorded in a Russian accent "I am going to take some of your food now don't be scared eh eh eh eh" 




 I got that reference 




 Think about this; half of unlimited could still be seen as unlimited. The number you spend keeps going up, without end, as does the amoun for charity. No downside. 




 And it came out to an even $9.50 




 Are you a little purple dog named Courage? 
























 Calm down, Kit Walker 




 Guess who will pay for one? This guy 




 This reminds me of the onion ponds on the top of the devil's thumb in Holes. 




 Why is there a 12 on her head? 




 Way to go, Portal 




 I got tears in my eyes, I felt the love 









 Her face looks a little ditsy in this picture. 









 *there's*
my Skate 3. 




 Paleasseeee 




 I want to watch more things go into this machine. 









 Imagine when THIS post gets 1776 upvotes, instant karma. 




 How terrifying is it on screen with Jeff Goldblum? Also is it Gold-blum or Gold-bloom? 




 My favorite Important Things with Demetri Martin sketch you were in was at the little Shenanigans restaurant as Ben Franklin, yelling "Fuck you, Cathy!" What would yours be? 




 I do this every time I eat one of these, all I had to do was take a picture for Karma? 




 Raggedy man, goodnight. 




 How does one proceed to buy such an artifact 




 Yiss 









 Real^heroes^live with us^forever 




 Take to the seas! 




 The feels I feel  









 That's Dul Hill. 




 Dante's Peak has taught me that you need to leave your town immediately  




 We're gonna need to see this pornstar. 




 Where are all the socks? 




 B82rez 2g4 




 You're supposed to streamline dummies 




 The Rake 




 If Stan Smith was Superman 




 I got the results of the tests back, I definitely have breast cancer. 




 Well I just watched the whole thing  




 David Spade wants his hair back 




 I love the purple patch 




 The ghost of mole erhmentraut 




 Black ice is ruining this country 




 The one where he changed a $1 to a $100, these 4 black guys just screamed and sprinted down the street and didn't stop. 




 Fuck you Cersei. 




 Frederick Diggery 




 Jesus, the memories 




 Chaos reigns 




 ...did he get blacker since Space Jam? 




 Dante's inferno is a severely underrated game 




 Each individual source 




 Definitely haunted  




 Those gifs just raise so many more questions 




 My grandma has the exact same thing. Somehow the ears were always better, you're right  




 Ooh, barracuda  
























 I remember watching cartoons where the restaurant would make them go wash dishes in the back, but I think it's more of a "just leave" type situation. 




 I want this to last, need you by my side  




 I don't believe you 




 I go so hard they call me Mr. Go So Hard. 




 Our old high school  




 ^ 




 Did you go down the slip-n-slide? 




 He's obviously a bee keeper biking to his job getting caught up in the festivities 




 It was a very easy first year, my buddy has ridden it a few years though. It was mostly about the day drinking though. 









 I wish I was as brave as you, you'll just leave home wearing anything! 




 Me llamo t bone la araa discoteca 




 Just be homeless, scrounging through dumpsters and eating whatever you find. Also nibbling on walls and dry wood to dull down your incisors. 




 Why does this cat remind me of David Duchovny 




 Where were you when Pied Piper needed you most? 




 The Rake scares me pretty good and plenty 




 My jaw can wiggle left and right about 2 inches on each side. I thought it was normal until I started getting horrible TMJ and my dentist said it wasn't normal, I guess jaws are just supposed to go vertically.  




 Sister Wives 




 But they're paying to go to class, why not just go? 




 I've read that after a test it's a very silly thing to sit back down, but I never would have known that. Any advice would be helpful. 




 Zackeffron69me 




 I couldn't believe he was stopping his songs just to point out to everyone how many people liked him. I thought it was planned at first. 




 I AM THE GREATEST FUCKIN ROCKSTAR IN THE WORLD 




 Yes I read that too, which is why all of my friends called me stupid for mourning his death and that I shouldn't believe every death I hear on FOX news. 




 Necessary  




 Ryan Dunn 




 This is usually overlooked, but to this day there isn't a more scientific reason we sleep other than because we get sleepy. Why can't we go days without sleeping? Why do we get sleepy?  




 When Kat dies in Halo: Reach. That was completely unexpected. 




 Oh my god I thought I did something wrong when it was up in my face but I guess that happens for everyone. 




 Actually for awhile they put foot ringers at the end of caskets so people could push the levers with their feet if they were alive 




 When people say "in a minute" when they mean a large amount of time longer than a minute. "Hey man I haven't seen you in a minute." It's been like a year, I don't understand.  




 Honestly this was the best show I've ever seen 




 The movie Dragon Wars from a few years ago, utterly unwatchable. Not in the good way. 




 But why?  




 How do you make a tissue dance?
Put a little boogie in it. 




 Are..... Are they okay 




 I saw an episode of friends like this once 









 Have you ever heard the theory that everyone is every person, when we die we live another's life somewhere else in time until we have lived every life? 




 I'm watching Community on Canadian Netflix with the Hola Chrome extension, like right now.  




 How can people make posts like this? Does no ones family members have facebooks? That's all mine is 




 Her arm is a strange shape 




 Water charmander is the way to go 




 Does anyone know a subreddit full of actual fight videos? 




 Have any of you actually seen Birdemic? Second best worst movie of my time behind The Room. I'm Facebook friends with the lead guy, he has a whole 200 fans! 




 Is it "eye-la" or "ice-la?" 




 Bam Margera in the brown hat is too 




 If I had a dollar for every frame in this gif, I would have 4 or so dollars. 




 "Chaos... reigns." 




 I thought this was Bob's Burgers on a tiny plastic tele 




 I think there's a line to find. I once pulled my ex girlfriend's pants up to hide her thong from the rest of my high school and we got into a fight  because she should "be allowed to show as much skin and not be sexualized by men in society," but sexuality is definitely needed, if not in small amounts. 





























 Your mom is so dirty and stupid that when she was told to do the robot R2D2 got aids  




 That scene doesn't make any sense. How would her leg getting crushed make blood come out of her mouth? 




 Paper planes by MIA makes me feel like a rich drug dealer running the South American border countries 




 Season 5 still had the original Dan Harmon feel to it... Now we only have Jeff, Abed, Britta and Annie left. 




 That's what mine was like, did you wake up feeling the anxious feeling that follows a relapse? 




 is he okay 




 I had a girl sleep in my bed last night; We didn't do anything sexual but I spooned with her until she left around 10 AM. Once she left, I fell back asleep and dreamed I ejaculated which lead to me cumming in real life. I know it wasn't on purpose, but when I woke up and realized what happened I felt as bad as if I had reset my badge for real. I feel weak and disgusting, and I know it doesn't count as fapping but it sure felt like it. Has anyone else experienced this after a streak of a few weeks? What mindset can help me feel less weak? 




 I see a praying mantis  




 Hehehe he thinks he's people 




 "Ebola Cakes!" 









 I'm confused. Did you use your brush as a way to turn the second dog into nothing but hair or what 




 Yeah, he's super dead. 




 It's way less funny in real life than in Ace Ventura:( 




 By the garden of Zeus give me a link 




 Just somebody trying to get laid, nothing to worry about 




 Nah 




 Okay did Bill Murray get AIDS in that movie? Because he got some disease from a chimp's mouth. 




 Shark fin never fails  




 I meant like, killing animals or having sexual urges at a very young age  




 Decorative fruit  




 Come on, son. 




 Oh my god my step grandma fucking screams so loud every time my half brother falls, she's ruining that child.On  




 Throw EVERYTHING into the closet. Why would she look in there? On the off chance she does, have a backup pan because that you have to run off quickly and probably can't live there anymore.  




 I've always wanted to be able to run into the woods all day during the 60's and my parents not call the police. 




 Those Facebook attempted spooky stats that say 80% of the time you wake up at night you're being watched. 




 Don't look up, she doesn't like to be seen 




 Fucking scantrons. We can make computers navigate on Mars but they can't read pen on paper instead of pencil? 




 Donna noble has left the library
Donna noble has been saved 




 This is one of those attempts  




 Imagine being down there exploring when a tsunami wave hits. 




 I was just getting something to eat! 




 I've seen your boobies 




 Michael Cera anytime he gets sad 




 How much can one banana cost? 10 dollars? 




 Find me this without the upvotes 




 How do I take my badge away? )': 




 No self caused orgasms all of September, I can do this. Every time I break my anxiety triples and I don't leave my dorm, i've watched every LOTR and Hobbit in the past 3 days. Going 10 days feels so empowering, does going a month make it better? 




 How do you stop yourself during the first week? WHY DO I SUBSCRIBE TO SO MANY PORN SUBREDDITS 









 Yeah I do cuz my asshoke friends tagged me in it 









 Say hi to your mother for me 




 Nice, I was using alien blue 




 Can someone link me to a sticky page for the wiki or bible for this sub explaining the difference between easy and hard more please? 




 BONESAW IS READYYY 




 What would getting a lawyer change?
 




 First offence OWI, I'm 18 in Des Moines and blew a .134 outside of my house. I spent 12 hours in jail and the bail was $1300. I'm really worried because I'm moving to Indiana for college this Wednesday but my court date is next Monday, will I have to take classes in Des Moines or can I do those in Indiana? Also should I get a lawyer? My charges are Operating While Intoxicated- 1st offence, and driving left of center line. 




 Did they really? That seems somehow illegal... What if you just stood in the back, would they hold you there? 




 I think you could put money around 50 or so. We bet my friend he couldn't eat 15 single hamburgers in 45 minutes but him winning meant he didn't have to pay for the hamburgers. It was a lose lose situation, he only got 10 in and had to pay $15 
























 The hardest I've cried since I was a child was two weeks ago when I learned my best friend, the first person I met in college, took his own life. He went back to his hometown one night to go to a dentist appointment the next morning and never came back. When I texted him the next day his brother called me and said he saw I texted Anthony's phone and that I deserved to know what happened. Turns out his mom came home that morning to find him crying in the shed with a gun in his mouth. After she tried to pull the gun away, he put the gun in his mouth and pulled the trigger. I don't even want to be at this college anymore, the only person I spent time with is gone. 




 Threw a kitchen knife modern warfare 2 style and it bounced back off the wall, hitting me in the eyeball with the plastic handle end.  




 How could Dexter spend 8 seasons becoming more human, connecting to his son only to leave him with a different murderer? And do you think Deb shooting you at the end of season 7 would have been a more bittersweet ending?  




 Hey Michael! 

I've read that many of the scenes from Dexter had little improvisations you put into them, were there any memorable instances where the directors told you you went too far with yourself and crossed the line between Dexter and you? 

Also are John Lithgow's eyes less creepy in person? 




 That's the earth's thruster, it'll push us off course if you light it too early! 




 I've had bad whiskey before, should I call someone? 




 But if you mess up once it breaks! 




 Hey man don't knock it 




 Am from iowa, can claim 









 Tan Ashley Tisdale 




 But this post is indeed about ferguson 




 Dem layers  




 Those are indeed spoilerS 




 I've always imagined closed-off hollow mushrooms like this would hold some type of hallucigenic air inside  




 Trale Lewous, or trailer louse  




 My best friend shot himself in the head in front of his own mother this morning 









 Acura Ebola sounds like an Italian person saying I cure Ebola  




 My hypothesis was that they all lived in the dorm's basement, but the temperate drop caused the humidity to disappear. Then they crawled up through the pipes to get to warmer territory. 




 I actually know the answer to this! Their wings are the shape of a human ear when fully extended. 




 During high school I took them every night for a couple of years to counter the ADHD meds I was on. They work because they make you want to be tired, they feel like natural sleep is on its way if you lay down and relax. When I got to uni I stopped taking adderall except for special occasions so I stopped taking melatonin every night, and I can still sleep and I can nap like a fuckin' champ too. No insomnia my friend. 




 Hehehe there's a dick on your dog's forehead  









 Read curry 3  




 Way ahead of you 









 If something like this did wash up to natives hundreds of years ago, white people wouldn't believe the stories anyway 









 Who? 




 Take to the seas! 









 Literally  




 Exit Through the Gift Shop- A film edited and directed by Banksy about street artists. We watched this in our journalism class to prove how much a director's opinion can change the sense of a movie.  




 Princess mononoke ninetails 




 But just remember if you ever wanted store bought weed, the furthest possible state from you now legalized it.  




 3 




 My sister is the baby in the ultra sound, 19 year difference in ages 




 No,,,,, my sister is in the womb. My dad married a 25 year old. 









 I meant to mention in my post that whether it's true that fapping has anything to do with testosterone, I've placebo'ed myself into the position I'm in now. And I love it and hate it.  




 Absolutely, the benefits are fantastic. Usually. I don't want to sound like one of "those people" but working out, even at all, will help you let that energy out and sleep much better, I promise :) 




 Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff? She was wearing mittens. 




 I've been on easy mode for a about 2 months now, and I'm going to have to switch to hard mode. The super powers are real, and I've known for a few years but I seem to forget until after going over a week without an orgasm. I don't know about you guys, but I've known about the super powers for about 4 years now, ever since I saw one picture that said not orgasming for a week can double your testosterone levels. It's as if reading that picture made that a real fact. I've tried telling people about how horrible and weak I feel the days after fapping, and they've told me they fap with no such feelings. So whether this feeling we get after fapping is real or just made in our heads, one thing is for sure. The super powers are more than real. Orgasming in general has begun to make me feel weak, and casual sex with girls I'm not into is beginning to lose its thrill because I know how weak it'll make me feel. I'd rather go a week without an orgasm and lose my social anxiety altogether rather than have one night flings every week. Right now, right now is the first time I've hit the week mark without an orgasm, even if I haven't fapped in 2 months. And this is the first time I've felt the powers of testosterone. I hope this helps you fapstronauts who aren't feeling the super powers yet but haven't switched to hard mode, it's worth it. 




 All I had to do for karma was take a picture of my zune.  




 Fuckin hate yahoos  




 Then who was phone? 




 I'm going to need that back 




 Hey I think you might want to turn your belt upside down 




 If someone could link me to the iTunes version of this app that would be grand 





























 As far as I can tell, its always. Maybe its just consistent enough for me to imagine its always. The tone haunts my dreams. 




 What we're actually watching is a hate crime in the making. The turtle radiates contempt for the cat and will stop at nothing to see him fall. 




 This is driving my absolutely crazy, my notification sound goes off every 5 or so minutes with no new notifications coming through. I can't seem to find the place where notifications are reminded, so that may fix it. I have Flow Lite and Twilight running always, so if anyone else with these apps has had something similar please help me. 




 The Salty Spittoon episode. I'll have you know I stubbed my toe  while watering my spice garden last week and I only cried for twenties minutes. Plus there was a place called mega weenie hut junior. 




 I heard a recorded Demetri Martin standup routine where you played a piano or sang in the background or something like that. How did he get you for that?  




 woo iowa! 




 What were your inspirations when you were younger? 




 Is Gillian Jacobs as dope in real life as she is at Greendale Community College? Followup question, when you gave your show at Bonnaroo, did you kick it with Hannibal? And I think i gave you a perfect handshake in passing on the farm. 




 Chris, was the tattoo of the kid urinating on an FM radio and a television drawn on in sharpie? Thank god the AM radio was floating on the magic carpet. 




 Did you ever get a lawyer for the boner police? My real question is, could you please please please disclose any and all information regarding Rick and Morty season 2? I'm almost half way sick of rewatching the same ten episodes. Down with FM radio and thank you! 




 Is Pepsi okay? 









 This is how I Am Legend started 




 fuck yessss, then Zombino spits some mad lyrics for 40 minutes.  




 Not only do they kill him off, they show it in the TRAILER!! Olivia Wilde throws him into a metal cabinet and you hear him screaming as it bends inward, then Even Peters is seen later begging to know what happened to Niko, Donald's character. I don't know why Hollywood feels the need to kill off black characters first, but this time it hits a little too close to home. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90GKwd10KRc 




 Roses are red
Verne is awesome
If you give me bacon
My butthole will blossom 

Too graphic? 




 When I was 14, I was at Long John Silver's for the first time and had been checking out a high school girl in a small black skirt for 10 or so minutes. When her and her friends got up to leave, she leaned over facing away from me to show she WASN'T WEARING UNDERWEAR. LJS's has never been the same for me. 
EDIT: This story seems fake even in my own memory. 




 Hey David! I'm Matt. 

After AD got cancelled, what was it like realizing how big of a cult following you had? How did you even find out how popular it was becoming? I mean, i imagine Netflix had some type of online data report that said something like, hey this kid in Iowa just watched all three seasons in two days. Hypothetical example. I remember seeing jokes about a fourth season 4 years ago and thinking they were as crazy as Firefly having another season. Unrelated story, i found the first season of Firefly on box set in my dad's closet and asked why he had it. He said his buddy let him borrow it a few years ago but never gave it back because he liked it so much. He then said he forgot about the show and can't wait to watch all of the new seasons. 

I know you had nothing to do with Firefly.

 




 The crocodile was going to be in a commercial for a fire sale but they gave the part to the purple boy. 




 Who the fuck ate your hard boiled eggs? Even if it meant taking a chubby, would you suck it up? 

Also Megamind is one of my favorite animated movies and deserved more recognition, you were my favorite space step mom from any Dreamworks film. 




 I'm talkin' $10 or less. Single colors are fine, i'm just going to wear them open over a tee shirt anyway. 




 sweet jism, look at that prism 




 http://www.brixton.com/brixton-products/brixton-mens/brixton-mens-headwear/snapbacks/cavern.html

I was really into this snapback since my friend has a Brixton snapback I've worn and loved, but I scrolled to the right and saw how it fit that model's head and was swayed away from it. I'm a low budget college kid just trying to look good, i'm usually in loose cardigans and tees with skinnies but I think a hat like this will really pull the look together. So my question is, do any of you have any knowledge with this type of hat? What color would look good with a darker palate?  




 *chaos..... reigns* 




 Note to self: Use mew and mewtwo's birthdays from Cinnibar Island every year, instant fame. 




 South Park did it. 




 Back when the gamecube came out, I used to bite myself until the skin would break because I couldn't beat the fucking fantasy worlds in super Mario sunshine with the giant spinning blocks.  




 But the laugh track tells me when to laugh! 




 Ah, the rare picture of a Japanese person from in the 1980's, when they were all 8bit.  




 Director George Romero? Who's that?  




 Hey Maisie, what's it like walking around with the same last name as me? Do people ever ask if we're related? I bet you get that all the time 









 Those rodeo clowns will never know what hit 'em 




 The internet has newly informed me that Red Bull is two words\_()_/ 









 This is how i am legend started 




 I used to think i knew, but now i'm not sure. 




 Streetlamp 




 I'll forgive you this time 




 Hell yeah, life after beth was really enjoyable for me but it's more of a black comedy than a horror movie  




 This is normal in Peru  




 I believe this to be fake  




 ;( 




 Pabu! 




 I've seen Planes enough times to know this is El Chupacabra 




 I've said this many times to many people, but The Walking Dead isn't even about zombies. My parents are disgusted at the idea of an undead show, but the antagonists are the humans. That's when it's annoying when they STILL try to make a suspenseful fight scene with walkers. No main characters will die in some bullshit 30 second beef with 2 walkers, stop pretending that's what's going to happen. 









 Kid's eyein that piece  




 Why are there no big canine species besides the wolf? 




 See, I don't get it either. Maybe I've just known of her for too long. I didn't think she was hot when she was 14 and she still reminds me of Jackie. 




 Finally there is an elegant, comfortable mitten... for cats! 
























 I like to think of it as sharing what I have to offer (   ) 




 I posted this at like 3 am last night but thought more people would see it if I deleted and reposted during the day. So you're right. 




 If fucking only. This was my friend's conversation actually, and he said the most they ever talked about was homework. 









 Hey Nick! I was lucky enough to be in the audience in Bloomington, IN last month to hear you lay it to our governor for an hour and a half. I laughed/clapped my ass off. I've been trying to apply paddling my own canoe to my every day life. My friends and I actually waited in the lobby to try to get you to read part of a script we were working on. My question is, how can someone make an impact on people they don't know? How did you know cancelling your Indianapolis show would make as big of an impact as it did? 




 I thought of myself as a big macho scary movie fan until I watched the canal alone at 3 am. The final scenes had me with my blanket up to my eyes, which were as wide as they could be. 




 Prepare yourself. [Eric Wareheim's CREEPIEST music video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV7VNhzFLOQ) 




 Okay don't 


































 What if i'm both? por que no los dos? 




 Why did you scare the shit out of me as a child? 




 How do I get rid of the virus on my computer?  




 Do you think I'm stupid? Hostess had the blood buy back system implemented immediately after twinkies came back into business. 




 I'll use your children's umbilical cords as straws as I drink your blood 



















 I knew what this was immediately, this is that weird egg movie where they fly logs like planes 




 Hey Gordon, why didn't the duck cross the grill? He didn't want to be a roast duck. Also, how do you feel about using cream of potato in gravy for biscuits? 




 Over the summer off the coast of South Carolina, my father and I witnessed a red ball appear floating miles at sea from our condo balcony around 11:30 at night. Of course we thought it was a flare and wondered what we could do to help this lost ship, but the red ball remained visible for a few seconds until going out. About 15 minutes later, the same red ball appeared, then split into two floating balls out at sea. Have you ever heard anything like this before?  









 Eating biscuits and gravy covered in mustard changed the way i looked at both individually. Imagine. 




 I may or may not have went through a phase where I would create fake pizza coupons, then when the driver shows up i tip them and they don't know the company well enough to not accept it. I also created a bunch for drive throughs and would say i took an online survey. 




 I can already feel the welt from reeming my knee on a brass jawbone. 




 Oh no! It's "idle-glass-of-water girl!" 









 Mr. Nobody. I know sometimes when a movie is overly complicated just to be complicated it adds the feeling that the producing team is trying too hard, but with Mr Nobody I felt as though i was trying to solve a mystery called what the fuck is going on. 




 Why did you quit Franklin and Bash, besides the fact that every episode is essentially the same? 









 When I was eleven I wrapped my pecker in scotch tape, starting at the head and spiraling down. Once I got to the base and the now purple crooked toothpick was beginning to hurt, I knew mistakes had been made. So um, scotch tape. 




 Riff Raff. I bought my girlfriend a ticket for her and myself to see him 2 Christmases ago, thinking he was funny in anything I'd seen him in. He had FOUR OPENERS, then I realized I thought he was funny because he was joking with his routine and lifestyle but when he came out and danced in his dumb clothes it wasn't a joke anymore. Plus he poured Croc into my underage girlfriend's mouth. Riff Raff if you're reading this I hate you. 




 Oh shit! Now I have to clean my closet to look for them :c 









 On toga day of my senior year, a strange autistic kid asked me if togas were flammable. He then asked the teacher for a lighter. 









 What was it like going through that woodchipper? Were you okay?  




 Rick and Morty season 2 




 Did you know William "Bill" Robinson? He was my great grandfather from Indianapolis, and was also a Pearl Harbor surviver.  




 Did you know your city is a level in Sniper Elite? 




 Ohai johnny, how did you get into making YouTube videos? Also what country are you from? Thanks, you're my favorite customer. 




 If you want to move shoes from one place to another, it looks like lifting shoes will be your only option 




 If me creating an earth in my head and imagining life on that planet is the same as us existing, do the people I gave free will to in my brain fall out of existence as soon as I think of something else? Are we just waiting for someone to forget about us? 




 Working in the year 1 AD probably made this way less special  




 why, what is it? 




 Your arms fling up like a happy dandelion of love, good work pal 




 I watched her eat a plate of pretzels out of the bag with a little cup of ranch next to her to dunk them in. I had looking past her chubbiness until then. I'm shallow guys hi  
























