 Jeff--I don't recall if you've ever mentioned Pandante on the show before (I don't think so), but I know you are a fan of David Sirlin's games. If you'd be willing to plug an ongoing Kickstarter campaign on the show, the new KS for Pandante could really use some love. 




 I don't think Nintendo really sets out with a determination to be underpowered. But, it would be nice if the company put more emphasis on hardware power. 

As for third party support, I'm not sure Nintendo sees it as an issue. In Iwata's comments during this presentation, he spoke very proudly about the fact that Nintendo is the only console where the hardware manufacturer is also the biggest software contributor. It sounds like the company sees it as a strength. 




 I don't really mind the HotS segment, but I would prefer to see any new segments have broader appeal. It's interesting to hear Jeff talk about strategy, but I've been listening to strategy discussions and descriptions of MOBAs on podcasts for years now... and I still have no idea what a MOBA is or how it works. That means, much as I enjoy Jeff's perspective, it's a long stretch of the show where my mind wanders while I wait for something I understand.

Having said that, if Jeff wants to talk about it, I think he should. His excitement can be infectious and it's nice to hear someone passionate about videogames--even if they're not *my* videogames. 




 Well, not all Catan games have a modular board. Alternatively, I'm sure Rob Daviau could come up with some cool ideas to apply to a modular board. 




 Well said. It's totally cool if the gaming press dislikes a game, but it crosses the line when a reviewer is openly hostile or vindictive. It's also bothersome when reviewers tar and feather a game in order to make a point about some perceived failing in the industry as a whole. 

As Christian rightly points out, the past year has been rife with games that don't even WORK properly. Bugged, busted and flat-out broken. And somehow those games are afforded the benefit of the doubt and given ratings in the mid-80s. Then, when a high-profile console exclusive comes around... well. It's suddenly vital that the entire 10-point scale be used, and the knives really come out to slice up some faults. 

I haven't finished The Order, so I don't really know what I'll think of it by the end. But for now I'm enjoying it, and some of the negative reviews are almost embarrassing to read. It's not even the scores so much as it is the vitriol expressed in the text. I just don't get it. 




 Your experience with Amnesia was very similar to mine with the original Resident Evil. When that hit the PS1, I brought it to a friends house one night while our wives went for a girls' night out. We played through together, and repeated the experience once a week until we were done with the game. Such a singular experience, and I would definitely say that we both "played" the game. 




 Legacy of Catan.

That is a phenomenal idea! 




 Sure. It wasn't intended as a personal attack. 




 Well, I loved B W and The Movies. I also regard Fable 1 and 2 highly. I don't think I'm alone. You're free to disagree, obviously, but the hyperbole isn't very productive. "Blatant display of incompetence"? Give me a break. 




 This is not a great analogy, because you can often get an equal or greater experience listening to a book as you can by reading a physical copy. You're right that you give up some aspects of personal interpretation, but you are still getting 100% of the content in a manner consistent with what the author intended. People have been reading to one another for as long as the written word has been around, and authors continue to perform live readings for a very good reason--in some ways, it elevates the writing and makes it more personal.

A bad reader can kill a good book (Wil Wheaton, I'm looking at you), but a great reader (such as Jeff Cannata, reader of Traveling in Space by Steven Paul Leiva) is a wonderful thing. In some cases, it can even be an incredibly unique experience--try listening to Gone Girl, which is read by two different readers. It's a wonderful experience.

But, back on-point--watching Twitch is not like reading an audiobook. A Twitch stream lacks all personal involvement and interaction with the game, and it is not what the developer intended. A better analogy would be that watching the Twitch stream for a game is like reading the Cliffs' Notes for a novel. You may get the broad strokes, and you may even be able to predict whether you would like the book/game, but you haven't read the book or played the game. Your opinion is informed, but not enough to offer substantial critique. 




 Strongly disagree. You're selling him incredibly short. Populous, Powermonger, Dungeon Keeper, Black   White, The Movies, Fable, Fable 2... He has a very strong portfolio, and often produces games that do things no other games are doing. They are both unique *and* innovative.

He may oversell and promise the world, and he may not have made the transition to modern gaming very well, but he is absolutely a great game designer.  




 I'd say that's not very fair. They talk about games they dislike all the time. Including in this episode (The Last of Us, inexplicably). ;) Obviously, Jeff loves loving things, but they are both critical when it is warranted. You may just be misinterpreting their infectious glee about videogames, in general.

I highly value the integrity on display in this show, and I value both of their opinions. They put it all out there, and it's easy to get a feel for what they like and don't like (and I can adjust my expectations accordingly). Today, for example, I was really excited to listen to the podcast because I've been enjoying The Order, and the amount of hate being directed at the game by popular media has been disheartening. Whether Jeff and Christian liked it or not, I knew they would be fair and have interesting things to say about it. Their positive-but-balanced review was nice to hear, and I hope someone at Ready at Dawn listens to the show. 




 Fair enough. Words are free, but it's not worth the time to parse the internal motivations of a complete stranger.  




 I think you're being disingenuous. He said he was worried the game would be praised all over and lead to a push for more cinematic games. That certainly sounds like he was gunning for it to fail ahead of time.

No one would accuse him of being "douchey" for saying that a bad game should get a bad review. Everyone agrees about that. He was worried about his "douchey," pre-emptive desire that the game fail. 
























 Force Unleashed included dismemberment by lightsaber.  




 I dunno. I think the tech looks really cool. It certainly doesn't look easier to pull off than modeling a cartoon band. The idea that the video seamlessly reacts to your performance is awesome. 




 Sunset OD is fun, but you're not missing a whole lot. What you really want in your life is Ori   the Blind Forest. 




 Also, I imagine most pre-ordering of videogames is being done at the retail level--e.g., putting down $5 at Gamestop or Best Buy. That money doesn't go to the game developer or publisher... it's just an interest-free loan for the retailer. 




 Hard to argue with the evergreen. Those are great suggestions, though I think only Carcassonne will support up to 8 players. If you need something for the higher player counts, consider The Resistance, Formula D and Dixit Odyssey. 




 I'm guessing it's called something along the lines of "Royalty-free Dubstep Sample #6" 




 I wish I'd read the physical book rather than audio. Wheaton seems like a nice guy, but he's an awful reader. So bad that it actively hinders the book. 




 Right. I recognize that the sponsors may actually be paying for a 2-3 minute spot. I have no idea what the economics of podcast advertising look like. I really only offered the criticism on the off chance that Jeff and Christian make them long simply to personalize them, because they think this makes them more effective. I'm not convinced that it does, but mine is just one uninformed opinion. 

As for making the show look bad to its sponsors, that is definitely not my intent. I think their advertising dollars are well-spent--I've checked out both Harry's and the FiveFour Club based on the podcast ads. And if I ever have to design a website, I'm sure I'll be hitting up SquareSpace. And if I ever need whatever the heck it is Lynda does... well, I guess I'll go there, too.  




 Take heart, Jeff. Many people probably just complain because they value your opinion and insight, and they'd like more opportunities to hear you discuss other games. Don't let it get you down.  




 The commercial segments on DLC are just way too damn long. Am I the only person who starts hitting the FF button every time we reach a "word from our sponsor"?

I recognize that the show needs to be supported, and commercial spots are a great way of doing that, but it seems like they would be much more effective if they were short, 30-second spots. Or even a minute. As it is, they just go on and on. And on. 

This is not unique to DLC, either. At some point during Weekend Confirmed's run, that's when I started noticing it. What was once a short shout-out to the sponsor ballooned into 2-3 minute segments. And now it's reached the point that I reflexively mash on the FF button 8-12 times until it's over. 

Because I'm hopelessly egocentric, I'm assuming everyone else does the same thing. ;-) So, in the interest of helping the show, and the sponsors, I submit that the commercials need to be scaled back to a manageable size. Let's say hard cap at a 60 seconds. That's reasonable, right? 




 As a big fan of Risk Legacy, I'm pretty certain this is going to be the best board game released this year, for our group. It's just so exciting to take a game you're already familiar with and introduce new unknowns and consequences.

I'm not the world's biggest Pandemic fan, but I like it. And that's a lot more than can be said for vanilla Risk. 




 I don't understand the anti-F2P movement. Sure, the F2P model can be exploitative and frustrating, but who cares? Just don't play the games that offend you. There are F2P games that do it right, and it seems safe to assume that most Nintendo mobile games will, too. 

Good clickbait headlines for a site like Kotaku, though, i guess. 




 I'm happy for the segment to be there if Jeff wants to discuss it. As others have pointed out, it's nice to hear passionate people talk about things that excite them. The segment has definitely convinced me to avoid HotS, but I don't mind hearing about it. 




 Thanks for sharing the link. Guess I should have done that!

Yeah, Pandante is a blast. I backed the original project last year and we've had a great time with it since then. Perfect alternative to Poker when you want a similar card game but don't want to bet money--or just want a lighter time with kids, family, etc. I'm really hoping this expansion does well, because it looks like it makes the game even better. :) 
























 Just buy pasteurized eggs and don't worry about undercooking the yolks. 




 I love FTM, and theirs is not really a sound I've been able to find again. But, recently I stumbled across Closure in Moscow, and their two albums have excited me in a similar way to FTM. The two bands aren't very similar, maybe, but it might be worth a look. 




 There are no gourmet cakes "designed just to look good." That would preclude the label "gourmet." There are competition cakes or cake dummies, of course, but those aren't gourmet cakes, and they aren't intended to be eaten.

So, if you're suggesting that supermarket cake is better than styrofoam and other things that aren't supposed to be eaten, I completely agree.

As for whether supermarket cakes are "intended to taste good," I question that assertion. Sure, they're packed with enough sugar and artificial flavorings to pass without objection in many circumstances, but the primary concern is creating an inexpensive product. Not a great-tasting cake. 




 Will John Wick at least seem like a decent assassin in the sequel? He spent 80% of the first film getting his ass handed to him, and the other 20% failing to kill people with a gun at close range without using at least 5 bullets. 




 Or, on the other hand, you could be completely wrong about the cake in this picture (and cake in general), and that's why people are downvoting you. 

First of all, you might have a point about sculpted cakes requiring a denser recipe, and thus flavor may be sacrificed. However, the cake in the picture is not a sculpted cake. It is two round tiers. There is absolutely no reason the inside of that cake couldn't be any recipe you can think of. And, for the record, dense cake does not mean flavorless cake (many people love pound cake, which is great for sculpting). 

Second, fondant-covered cakes are not necessarily any less delicious than cakes without fondant. Leaving aside the fact that some people genuinely enjoy the taste of fondant (and some fondants are quite flavorful), the cake underneath the fondant doesn't have to be any different than any other cake. Just as much buttercream, ganache, etc. may be used, and the cake is identical if the fondant is peeled away (which is what many people do). Also, from that photo, I'm not convinced that cake is covered in fondant. The mosaic tier could easily be covered in modeling chocolate or some other medium, and the top tier could be straight buttercream.

Third, if you suggest cheap grocery store cakes are delicious or taste better than gourmet cakes, you pretty much lose all credibility. Grocery store cakes are the bottom of the barrel, food-wise. They're packed with artificial ingredients and decorated with hydrogenated oil. No thanks. 




 I'm really glad other people are willing to kickstart videogame projects. I sure as heck wouldn't do it.  




 If you say so. I would prefer to have liked something other people don't, than be so bothered by something other people do.   




 I liked The Order. I agree with your thoughts on the cool new tech, but I'm not sure why it was necessary to bash a game out of the blue. 




 These days, I'd bet only 1 red velvet cake out of 100 gets its pigment that way. Most cocoa powders are now processed with an alkalizing agent that neutralizes the acidity and prevents the red finish. Consequently, red food coloring is the norm. 




 Current price is generous. The savings I've realized in free games and discounts is staggering. 




 Jeff is 100% right about Guitar Hero Live. 




 Also... can't believe I didn't think of this one right away: 7 Wonders. Great game, plays fast, scales perfectly--all the way up to 7 players. One of the few games where more players =/= longer game. 




 Small World, maybe? It's great with three, though it does have a fantasy theme (if that qualifies as "nerdy"). It's a pretty lightweight game, easy to teach, quick to play. But, it has plenty of meat to it, so it's a good one to come back to repeatedly. It is pretty confrontational and competitive, though, and that might bother some folks. 




 If by "almost all of them" you mean less than half, then you're right. Nine films in production, only four of which are confirmed sequels. With two non-sequels being released this year. It's not all doom and gloom. 
























 I pretty much agree with you. The characters were pretty unlikeable across the board. And the main character struck me as an ass... other than generic sympathy for another human being in a life-threatening situation, I couldn't think of a reason why I should care what happened to him. Listening to the book on audio may have had something to do with my opinion, though. Occasionally, a reader's inflection and delivery can have a negative impact on my enjoyment of a book, and this reader had the sarcasm turned up to 11.

As for the structure of the book, it got very tiresome, very quickly. To its credit, I finished it pretty quickly and didn't really have to put it down. But, most of it lacked drama and tension, for me. There was no problem Mark could not solve (unsurprising, since all problems were created by the author to be solved), so it really boiled down to extended explanations of how the latest crisis would be overcome. Basically, this:

**

"Oh, crap. I'm in trouble. If I don't fix this I'm going to be dead."

"I have no idea how to fix this; I need to think about it."

...chapter break...

"I have a solution. I will now explain it in painful detail for twenty minutes."

"Having explained the solution, I will now do what I just explained. Meet me back here in a couple chapters to see how it goes."

...

"Surprise. It worked."

"Oh, crap. I have another problem. If I don't fix this, I'm dead."

...repeat...

**


Sometimes the solutions were really fun and clever, sometimes they were too technical, and most of the time they were between the two. In almost all cases, it drags. 

I can see why people like the book. But, ugh. 




 If quality weren't a driver of sales, then any game released during a "lull" would sell millions and take Sony by surprise. Since that doesn't happen, one would assume that the quality of BB had a lot to do with the high sales numbers.

BB probably benefited from good timing, but that's only one factor. 




 Presumably, you have the money to burn if you blind-buy games digitally.  




 You must be looking at old numbers. As of April 14th, it was reported as selling over a million units in less than two weeks.  




 Buy the game that you want to play most right now. The other games will still be available when you get around to them. There are too many games these days to be slave to the release schedule. 




 Probably about the same percentage of people as any other game. 









 Maybe I just haven't been following the news on this game closely enough. That article was the first time I'd heard any hints about the structure of the game narrative or some of the ancillary marketing stuff they're doing. Or recent confirmation that the target release date is this year. Seems like news to me. 




 This is not true. Based on the New Yorker article, there *is* an end-game arc. A mystery to solve, and gameplay that increases in difficulty as you get closer to the end. It's not just 'la-la-look-at-the-pretty-flowers.' There's also mining, development, combat, etc. 




 Thanks so much for posting this link. That was a great read. 




 Good point, that's true. 




 I second this nomination! This is crazy awesome news. Mario Kart, anyone? 




 Probably. I think accounts are complete separate from one another (unless they are child accounts).  




 I've had my subscription lapse multiple times, and I've never had trouble accessing previous content once I renewed the sub.  
























 Agreed. No one wants games where you just wander around and explore. 'Journey' is a perfect example--no one bought that piece of crap. 




 This is certainly true. If you have a group of people willing to work with the game and fill in some gaps, even the 2004 version is worthwhile. I'd just hate to see people shell out $100+ for the old version, thinking they'd be getting the best version. 




 For those who haven't played it yet, it is certainly SOTW material. And GOTY material. Guys and gals, play this game! 




 Andrew Reiner gave some pretty poor advice regarding Betrayal at House on the Hill this week, so I'm offering this PSA to those interested in the game. There are two different versions of the game available, as indicated in the episode, but they are not quite as different as Andrew suggested (or, at least, not different in the way he suggests).

The original version of the game was released in 2004, by Avalon Hill, and the reprint of the game was published by Avalon Hill in 2010. The component quality of the 2010 version was subpar (in particular, the room tiles), which caused a lot of complaints. Subsequently, the 2010 version was reprinted with improved component quality. While the 2004 version probably has the best component quality of the bunch, it is not significantly better than the newer 2010 copies. It is certainly not worth paying exorbitant prices to buy the original 2004 version--especially since everything else about the 2010 version is superior.

The game involves exploring a mansion together, building the map as you go, and eventually triggering some event that causes one of the players to betray the others. At that point, there are two books that must be referenced describing the "Haunt" that the players are engaged in. The Haunt will give win conditions to each side, and the two sides consult their books separately because the details regarding these win conditions and other competitive game elements are typically kept secret.

In theory, it's a great idea, and sometimes, if the stars are right, it works pretty well. Most of the time, though, it's kind of a big train wreck--especially in the 2004 version of the game. When initially published, the Haunt books were riddled with errors and rules issues that made many of the Haunts difficult to understand (at best) or unplayable (at worst). We're talking references to rooms and game components that don't exist, or instructions that left both sides with no idea of what to do or how to progress the game. It was a hot mess. 

To his credit, the designer spent a significant amount of time addressing these errors, and there is substantial errata available for the original printing. In fact, he self-published new versions of both Haunt books online at one point, when it didn't look like the game would ever be reprinted. 

Luckily, the 2010 version incorporates all of those changes, and as a result it is by far the better version of the game. Please don't take Andrew's advice and spend the money necessary to track down the 2004 version . The newest copies available are the best the game has ever been, even with slightly lower component quality. 




 According to the IGN preview, it has its share of torture porn. 




 I'd love it if they could tighten up the exploration controls. I like to grab everything I see, but it's a PiTA since the game doesn't seem to recognize pressing the 'x' button unless Geralt is standing still. Being able to pick up things while walking would speed up the process so much. 









 All things in moderation. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a single serving of eggs benedict 1000+ calories. And the same can be said for most any dish--if you work at it, you can make it really unhealthy.

The worst offender for EB is the hollandaise sauce. A pretty standard recipe is 4 egg yolks, 1 stick of butter, lemon juice to taste (+ salt, pepper, maybe cayenne, maybe mustard powder). That's about 1,000 calories, but will easily serve 6-8 people. English muffins are negligible, as is canadian bacon, and the eggs are no more unhealthy in this preparation than in any other (which is to say, some people need to watch how many they eat, but 1-2 eggs a couple times a week for breakfast is far from unhealthy). 

Total calories for a plate of EB, using the recipe above and assuming two eggs, is ~450. Total fat ~20 grams. It's certainly not the most healthy thing you can eat for breakfast, but it's not "very, very, very unhealthy." 




 Heard of pasteurized eggs? 




 The article title is 100% non sequitur. The only thing the article offers is unsupported conjecture that cable-cutters don't want to watch reality TV. There is no basis whatsoever provided for the concept that streaming services are "killing" reality TV.  




 I wouldn't say it's stupid. If you had $60 and you wanted to take a chance, what's the issue? I've done it plenty of times--even when I just want to take my family to the movies.

My point was I'd hardly call it a "fine." It's a calculated gamble, and there is nothing punitive about it. 




 I imagine so, yeah. 




 You could be right. But, a) I think the difficulty of BB is way overblown; and b) I think difficulty is not the only factor behind people "not getting into" games. If we were to weigh all the different factors against one another, I bet the percentage of people who get minimal value out of blockbuster games would be about the same (for a variety of different reasons).

Also, c) there was a point in time when most games *did* kill you over and over. It's not that unusual. 




 Heh. I'm the exact opposite, which is interesting (different strokes, right?). I have added RC Bray to my list of narrators to avoid. 
























 I was actually thinking this morning, before checking in on reddit, that whatever wording I used in this post yesterday was probably too harsh. I think saying it was an annoying/depressing episode is fine, because it fits the portions I listened to, but I regret calling Marcus horrid (even just as a guest). So you make a fair point. 

No good editing the original post, but I should have described Marcus as a "disappointing" guest, or a "difficult" guest. 



 




 Ugh. After over an hour of nearly non-stop complaining, I just had to stop listening. Marcus is a horrid guest. Kind of like a giant, exhaustively negative steamroller. Hopefully, next week's show will be back to the fun. 




 This is silly. Safe hollandaise sauce is easy. 




 Bleh... No gameplay; who cares? 




 I hear you. But you may have a misconception about which movies are successful and which aren't. Edge of Tomorrow was a hands-down financial disappointment for the studio, and Interstellar was also a stinker at the box office. When you say EoT made almost four times its budget, that means you must be including overseas gross. But, domestic gross is far more important for determining whether a film was financially successful.

EoT had a production budget of ~$178 million. And the general rule of thumb is that a movie must make twice its production budget in revenue in order to break even (due to advertising, marketing and distribution costs). So, EoT had to take in over $300 million. And how much did it make domestically? $100 million. Yikes. 

Sure, it made another $250 million overseas, but overseas profits are much less valuable to the studios. Between tariffs, higher distribution costs, expenses and fluctuating currency values, the studios are lucky to get 15% of overseas gross in actual revenue (versus domestic gross, where the studio collects 45-60%). So, for EoT, it's more likely that the studio made ~$100 million, total... on a film that cost $178 million to make (not including advertising and marketing). Even if they got 60% of both domestic and overseas gross, that's still only $220 million--far less than the $300+ million needed to 'break even'. 

So, yeah, Edge of Tomorrow was a failure for the studio. They might make it up on home video and TV, but they're not going to be champing at the bit to make a sequel--and it's not going to be a strong argument for making more original scifi movies. If you run the numbers for Interstellar, the picture isn't much rosier. 

Anyway, all of that aside, yes--I agree. There are tons of original films made every year, and that will continue to be the case. Regardless of all the doom and gloom people like to drum up about sequels and reboots. But, that doesn't mean that the state of the movie industry isn't hampering more good, original films from being made. Again, particularly genre films. How many original sci-fi films are released each year? Very few, compared to other genres. 




 Wow. Well, I played Rogue Legacy on PS4/Vita, so I essentially played for months... at home, at work, at lunch, in bed... whatever. Played and played. Fortunately, the timer on the PS4 version was bugged, so I really have no idea how long I actually played. :) 




 I think the reality is that different people consume games differently. I don't doubt that you will avoid going back to older games when new DLC is released, but there are plenty of people who will (I assume).

I'm playing Witcher 3 right now, but if DLC hit next week for Last of Us, I'd drop Witcher 3 for a bit. Not because I don't like Witcher 3, but because I really liked Last of Us. Heck, as I was trying to finish up Bloodborne, I quit cold turkey for a bit when the Mario Kart DLC hit. As with anything, it all depends on what excites me at the time. I can't be alone in this.

All of this is anecdotal, though. It might just be easier for us to agree that CDPR would not continue working on DLC for two years unless there was substantial financial benefit in doing so (i.e., there must be enough people still willing to buy DLC that long after release).  




 I had similar issues with DA:I combat. I loved the tactical view in the first game, and I spent countless hours stepping through each combat slowly, planning my attacks meticulously and really using the battlefield to my advantage. You just can't do that in DA:I--in fact, I'm not sure I would even call it a "tactical" camera; it's just an overhead camera.

The combat in DA:I is way too straightforward and twitchy to benefit from tactical consideration. Example: In the first game, I would generally keep my mages in the back, station a ranged character on something elevated, and then wade in with my close-range fighter. The mage might cast a wall of some type (fire/ice), or an area effect, to cut off some enemies from the main battle, and my archer would pick them off. In DA:I, that's just not possible--the enemies warp all over the battlefield, rendering barriers, planning and character placement entirely moot. As an action game, it was sufficient, but it can't touch the tactical goodness found in DA1. 




 I don't even want to know how many hours I logged in that game.  




 There's an element of truth to what you say--we should not support bad movies just because they are original. However, the author of this article also has a point: original films (particularly original *genre* films) do not generally fare very well at the box office, regardless of how good they might be. Edge of Tomorrow, from last year, is a recent example. Very good movie (some might say great), but severely underperformed. Meanwhile, mediocre sequels and remakes catering to the same audience raked in the dough.

As for Tomorrowland itself, I don't think the consensus is that it's a bad film. I haven't seen it, so I won't comment on its merits, but it seems to be pretty divisive. Some people love it, some people really, really don't. Usually, films like that are good, but controversial. 




 Oh, I get it. This is pretty much what I meant by "Stupid internet." 




 Maybe. I've always thought if you have to use '/s' you aren't doing sarcasm very well. But, my sarcasm skills are evidently suspect, anyway, so... 




 Yes, thanks. Thick, thick sarcasm. 




 Hmm. I thought the sarcasm was sufficiently thick to guarantee detection. Considering Journey was a sales record-breaker, how did you miss it? Stupid internet. :/ 
























 I'm surprised there is any fondant on it. Certainly doesn't need to be. 




 Well, on that note, it's your own damn show. Invite whomever you want.  This week wasn't for me, but next week will be better. 




 I had one crash the first time I played it (launch day), triggered while playing the Gwent card game. Otherwise, I have experienced no technical issues. I think what you're seeing is a developer who is unusually responsive to community feedback, rather than a game that is unusually buggy. 




 I'd be very sad if Tabletop Time got the boot.  




 Do you see a lot of stories about broken indie titles on PSN? I buy a slew of them and have never had any issues, so I'm curious. 




 Haha, this is fun. :)

If that foil is edible, though, I will be astounded. Aside from the way it's reflecting the light, the texture looks impossible to achieve with edible material. But I think a foil wrapper is fine--no different than a cupcake. 




 If by "wrapper" you mean tortilla, I think it actually looks more like marzipan (but is probably fondant). The foil wrapper must be actual foil.

To me, the beef looks like chocolate rocks. 




 All evidence to the contrary... 




 I would be very surprised. 




 Tastes vary, obviously, but I disagree. I'm not very concerned about whether the show outpaces the books (since it's such a different beast now), but the show is definitely the second-stage act for me. The showrunners have all the subtlety of a dirty brick, and I doubt they can bring this thing to a satisfying close without a detailed roadmap of how to get there. When they have completed books to reference, they make some nice choices (generally), but when they're forced to move the narrative along on their own they suffer.

They're fine with hitting the high notes, but they get lost and muddled for the remainder of the season. "Hardhome" made me more optimistic, but it doesn't fix the big misses for the rest of this season. 




 Tastes vary, but I agree.  




 Frankly, if you want to play one of the older games, you're probably better off playing Fallout 1 or 2. That way you get a flavor for the series, but you don't get burned out on the Fallout 3 style. Fallout 3 is fine, but I expect Fallout 4 will just be more of the same. 




 Yeah. If I were looking for a smooth, 60fps bet, I would not put my money on Bethesda. Great games, but they are far from slick. 




 It probably has a lot to do with the way that the trailers are structured. The Battlefront trailer is a bombastic action set piece that looks very far removed from how actual gameplay is structured (in any game). The Fallout trailer has a lot of slow 'camera-walking-down-the-street' shots that look a lot like how these games actually play. 

I personally think the Battlefront visuals are going to be incredible, but the 'slow pan' style of the Fallout trailer is more convincing. It certainly gives the impression they're just showing off the environment, in-engine, rather than using the engine to create a heavy-action cinematic. 
























 Shouldn't be necessary to look past the graphics. Team ICO has consistently produced some of the most beautiful games on Sony systems. I doubt this game will be any different. 




 Likewise, people shouldn't dismiss things out of hand when they completely lack context about what they're seeing. Does the actual gameplay in this look incredible, at face value? No, not really. Is it really exciting and full of promise if you are familiar with the structure of previous games from this studio? Absolutely.

At the end of the day, it's an exploration/puzzle game, and short demos of gameplay in a puzzle game are rarely exciting (Portal is the only exception I can think of). As for the graphics, I was surprised how good it looks, having first read so many comments about "PS3-level visuals." It's crisp, running at a high frame-rate, and generally looks very solid. Considering development started on it 10 years ago and it's being adapted to the PS4, it's better than I expected. It looks sort of timeless and very atmospheric, like other games from the company, and that's more than enough to set it apart from the pack.

 




 Thanks for this. I don't understand all the complaints about the visuals. It looks great to me. 




 Witcher 3 looks fantastic, but the hair is silly as hell.  




 Nope. 














 I'm skipping the SOTW flair for this one. During E3 week, it's unlikely anyone would consider this the top story. But, I think it's a tipping point for Kickstarter. 









 I thought ZombiU was really enjoyable. Sorry to see so many people disagree. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that neither Christian nor Jeff would enjoy having their hobby dictated by committee. I want to play the games I want to play, and they're probably the same. They just also talk about it on the internet. 




 Well, to be fair, the main story in Witcher can be sidelined to a large degree, too. There is so much to do around the edges. I've played for between 10-15 hours, at least, and I've not done much with the main narrative. Having said that, it's true that W3 doesn't feel like quite as big a sandbox as Skyrim.

As for the general scaling discussion, I greatly prefer games that don't scale with your character. Part of that is because I enjoy running into a challenge I can't overcome, but an equally important part is the feeling of growth such games achieve. In Skyrim, no matter how powerful your character becomes, everyone else in the world just scales along with you. So, you never really feel particularly powerful. You can't just return to an earlier area and wreck house.

(Well, actually you can, but that's due to the crafting/enchantment/magic systems that Bethesda never seems to get right. At some point, you can worm your way into invincibility, but at that point the game is no longer worth playing.)

In games like Dark Souls or the Witcher, growing more powerful as a character is infinitely more enjoyable, for me, because I can go back to areas that initially gave me trouble and completely lay waste to the (now) low-level grunts. I want an experience that challenges me, thwarts me and, ultimately, rewards me. I don't want an experience that tries to just keep pace with me (and, in Bethesda's case, is destined to fall apart once I reach a certain point, anyway).  




 Yeah, and that's fine. Disagreement is normal. I've only read the books once, but I remember parts of the Dorne storyline being much more exciting than anything that happened on the show. The kidnapping of Myrcella, in particular. It was nail-biting. And there were much more interesting things at stake--rather than a lame "revenge/assassination" excuse, Myrcella was to be set up as the rightful heir to the Iron Throne, provoking a war with the Lannisters. I actually liked the idea of having Jaime and Bronn travel to Dorne, but the season has problems because they had nothing to do once they got there. This is further exacerbated by the fact that the showrunners devoted the lion's share of their budget to other episodes (better for those episodes, worse for Dorne). As it is, Dorne appears to be about the size of someone's back yard, and the populace numbers approximately 10-20. Lame.


As for the remainder of the storylines, the rise of the faith militant and the fall of Cersei was phenomenal in the books. Tense, exciting and full of emotion. The show speeds that plot along at such an insane pace that everyone involved looks pretty stupid (particularly Cersei), and the payoff falls flat. Arya's storyline is similarly botched, with none of the interest or intrigue of the books. And Sansa? I'd rather have her off-screen, biding her time, than serving as a stand-in for whatever rape-of-the-week the showrunners want to throw out there to generate interest.


I agree with you regarding Brienne. Her chapters in the book were difficult and slow. But, at least there was something there to chew on (and a great meet-up with Lady Stoneheart). I don't see how the show has improved matters much. They've completely sidelined her by sitting her down in one spot and then forgetting about her. 


And Dany... as arduous as book-Mereen is, the conclusion of that mess was so redemptive for the character, so transformative, that I was inclined to forgive the missteps along the way. Dany fails in her rule of the city and completely loses herself in the process, and then (in a echo of book 1/season 1), is reborn through her dragons. Her future in the books is so bright, and her character seems prepped to take the world by storm--and it makes sense, because she's had a huge, redemptive arc. In the show? She's a joke as a ruler, fails every step of the way, and now she's flown off on the back of a dragon after a pretty silly and uninspired scene in the fighting pits. Her growth as a character through this same period in the books is completely ignored in the show.

I could go on and on... but as you say, we just disagree. I wanted to share a little bit more, though, since you asked.  




 Dorne is the easiest example that comes to mind. There, the showrunners abandoned pretty much everything on the written page in favor of... what? They created a season-long arc in Dorne out of whole cloth, and it is easily the most boring and pointless fiction ever to take place in the world of AGoT. GRRM's Dorne may have been convoluted and somewhat unsatisfying, but at least it had sparks of life here or there (and some sections that really hummed). HBO-Dorne is the best example of material created by the showrunners without a road map, and they completely messed the bed. Painfully.

Couple that with storylines that have had all the teeth pulled out of them due to the show's manic pacing (i.e., determination to get through 2 books in 10 1-hour episodes of television), and the season is a big disappointment. For me, at least. 
  
























 I'm taking a wait-and-see attitude with VR. But, I think comparing this next wave of hardware to the early-90s stuff is a case of false equivalence. The tech is so much more advanced now, it seems silly to suggest it will fail for exactly the same reasons. If anything, the trajectory for VR in the 90s gives me some hope that these new platforms will be viable. Early VR was awful--it was ugly, clunky, uncomfortable/painful, and unimpressive. Even the people consuming it didn't really like it; they just wanted VR to be a thing so badly that they were willing to pretend it actually worked.  No one really enjoyed it, and yet it persevered for a number of years, and people kept trying to make it successful by pure force of will. Plunking quarters, dollars, whatever, into obnoxious gear that didn't actually work on any level.

Contrast that with today, where the new VR hardware is sleek, powerful, and evidently capable of actually producing a "virtual" experience. I haven't had an opportunity to try it yet, but I will accept Jeff's assertion that you have to try it to understand how well it works. And I would wager that the same passion for VR that propped up ridiculous hardware in the 90s still exists today. When that demand is met with a product that actually works as advertised, it could be a whole new ballgame.  




 Absolutely. Being an armchair cynic is easy. The proof will be in the pudding, in the end. 




 I have an Xbox One, and I think the backwards compatibility is good news. In particular, I'm excited to regain some of my XBLA library that I lost when ditching my 360. I no longer have any retail games to take advantage of it, but I'm sure other people do. No matter how you slice it, backwards compatibility is a good thing for the console. A feather in the cap.

Having said that, the question is 'how big of a feather?' I'm not sure how XB1 backwards compatibility is any different from Xbox 360 backwards compatibility. In both cases, it only works for certain games, and it ultimately seemed like kind of an afterthought on the 360. I have a feeling it will be similar on the XB1. Even if tons of games are enabled eventually, it's tough to get the public to really embrace something that doesn't work across the board. It confuses people, and it annoys those with games that aren't supported. 

As I said, I'm happy to regain whatever XBLA games I can through this service. But, I'm not convinced it will be that much of a boon to Microsoft. I suspect it will be a positive, useful feature, but not a game-changer. 




 You must be in college. 




 So, I read another write-up on the game yesterday, and there is a limit on jump distance. Apparently, you have limited capability starting out, and you need to explore, trade, etc., to upgrade your ship and increase the distance you can travel. So I guess that explains it.

However, it still seems like meeting up with friends should be possible once both of you have upgraded sufficiently and are nearer the center of the universe. 




 Have you tried not adding so much to the meat? I learned about a year ago that the best burgers are seasoned only on the outside. The meat needs to be worked as little as possible. Once you mix in a bunch of stuff and mix it until uniform, you're basically eating meat loaf on a bun--not a burger. 




 It looks tasty, but I will pass on any burger that can't fit in my mouth. I don't understand the fascination with impossibly-tall burgers. 




 Is there a limit to how far you can warp? I recall the developer saying that all players are contributing to the same map. So, if it's a static map, and each planet has coordinates on the map, it seems as if I could give a friend those coordinates and we could meet up. Unless, of course, there is some limit on the distance you can jump, which I haven't heard about. 




 I don't understand why. Haven't they said the galaxy map is persistent? If so, why can't you just coordinate with your friend offline and agree to meet at a particular planet? 




 Or just buy the U.S. version. It's coming to both territories. 




 Gotcha. Fwiw, gameplay similarity and structure of the games is what I was focused on. I don't think that list of games is mechanically similar to Team Ico's games, with the possible exception of 'Brothers' or 'Limbo.'    




 Hmm. 'Brothers' and 'Limbo' were vaguely similar to Ico, not at all like SoC. And nowhere near as good as either, imo. I haven't heard of 'This War of Mine' or 'Toren,' but the remainder are not similar to Team Ico's previous games. At all.  

Thanks for providing the list, though. It illustrates the lack of games competing in the same space. For my money, Team Ico has yet to be surpassed in the genre, much less "far" surpassed. 




 ...the game looks like it's been far surpassed by recent similar platformers.

Okay, fair enough. Name one. 




 Basically, the best answer is that the two previous games from this team were something genuinely special, for most people who played them. That's not a very satisfying answer if you haven't played them, but what else can people say? 

It might help if you explain what you thought looked terrible. The visuals are obviously causing a stir, but none of the detractors say much of anything beyond "looks like crap" or "looks like 2009." I don't think either of those statements is true. My son is currently playing through the PS3 remaster of Shadow of Colossus (a 2011 game), and the LG demo looks much, much better than that. Now, it doesn't look like a game with bleeding-edge visual tech, that's true. But the demo looks good--no blurry textures, cool character modeling, detailed architecture, very sharp, running at a high framerate. Appreciation of visuals is subjective, but we can at least quantify some of it.

The gameplay is harder to comment on. It looks like a puzzle game, and puzzle games are hard to get excited about in a linear, 3-minute demo. They might have been better served by cutting together a trailer showing off various environments, mechanics, etc. But, what they showed was enough to get fans excited. People who have played the previous two games can look at what was shown and see potential for a really great game. More importantly, there was nothing about it that suggests anything other than another very special experience from this developer. Without that context, it's easy to understand why you might not be excited. It's a fool's errand for fans to try to change your mind, but hopefully, if LG ends up being another winner, you'll find a reason to give it some time and find something to enjoy. 
























