 Then dumb laws should be thrown out. Florida it is illegal to wear a mumu. I know other states have dumb laws that haven't been removed but are not enforced. This is obviously an attack on the Obama administration and political theater. Yes we should enforce laws but cherry picking just marijuana because it is the "hot" topic in the news is a little....... #icouldbewrong #whatdoiknow 




 So they block a bill that would help veterans because they want to stir up some shit that could potentially send kids to war again. Hmmmmmm...

Not enough blood? 




 Went to Iraq in 03 and 04. now that the dust has settled, a day doesn't go by that I realize how they used me for something other than what I thought I was fighting for. I was young and naive, I hope the guys out there are at least better informed.  









 I took a mysticism class in college and my professor made us read the Tao of Pooh. Simple read. I concluded that life really is that easy and our perception of life is one of the most (if not the most) important things. Also as a bonus, we are here to learn and have fun.  





























 You have to wait until your teammate passes it to you. As soon as his foot touches the ball, that where your relative position on the field counts. In this case, it should be behind the last defender. If you look at the video on YouTube you can see he was good to go and used his speed and perfect timing to catch up to the ball 




 Then what is conscious of our consciousness? Kind of like a torch in a dark room. (Torch is awareness) when you shine your light at an on object in a dark room (say a chair), you then have perception of an object. But what is aware of the torch (awareness/consciousness/brain)? 




 But you can break them if you feel they are unjust. Not saying it's correct or incorrect. It just is. Slavery, inequality, etc. Not at the same level but same concept.  




 Take all the legal advice everyone is recommending. A lawyer is a must here. From a father's POV, if that IS your kid, then man up quick and take responsibility. The kid is going to NEED a father in their life who is there for them REGARDLESS of what adult problems happened along the way. It's going to be ok man. Whatever happens, have integrity, take responsibility, and keep your chin up. Judging from what you have already posted, you seem to head strong.  


































 Now brasil has to deal with not only the fact that they were humiliated, but FIFA made away with millions of their tax dollars. Smh 




 Male Nurse here. Stay away from drama. You can't change others,  just yourself. On the floor (medsurg) I remind myself why I'm here and focus on that. After a while, people start noticing your actions and stop complaining around you because they realize they sound like a whiny teen that didn't get their way. Sometimes I like to amuse myself and play devil's advocate for a situation that didn't go their way so they can put their ego to the side for a second.  




 At the rate parents take pics of their kids and post on Fb. Then in their teens with selfies and such. Then when they're older the whole process repeats itself when they have kids. Not to mention they will be old and tech savvy. 
 
























 Good luck! 




 That sucks. I just time it right and go when I'm hungry. Usually after all meds are given and no one is in pain 




 My floor has a give your phone to someone else or stfu and don't complain about getting lunch interrupted policy. Your option.  




 "Sorry it was accident... But since you're here can you please ________" (everyone fill in the blank) 




 Lmao 
























 Every time. I also try to escape when my phone rings for any reason!..... Ring...ring... Hello.... Reminder there is an in service later on tonight.... OK thank you.... Excuse me, sorry we have to cut this short but I have to go... It is an urgent matter. (Fly out the door with serious face!) 




 Preach 




 Decreased purchasing power + increased inflation = Us right now 




 Just the world we live in.  




 Every nurse should take the time.... Correction... MAKE the time to sit and talk to their patients or family 
























 Perfect reply 




 So blame Florida 




 -You need health care or you will die.  
-But I don't make enough money to pay that monthly premium or let alone come up with the money for that insane deductible. 
-fine, I'll just fine you every year until you sign up and start coming up with money you don't have which I created out of thin air.  




 In addition, it's sad to say, young voters have a low turn out rate for mid term elections. By 2016, more old people will die, more young people will integrate into society (18 yr olds).  




 Loudspeaker: code gray.... Not my patient.... I have to go. 
























 I'm watching the game here  thinking - Damn, Wade looks like he's playing with Shaq again.  Reminding me of back in 05-06. 




 I can imagine Riley requesting the presence of Whiteside in his office. ...Whiteside walks in. ..Riley sitting in a too cool ambient corner of his office overlooking the city. ..so I heard you want to win. ...clanking his rings on the table. ...the story continues  




 http://i.imgur.com/II85BMr.gifv 




 I used to change the oil on my jeep because I could get under it.  I'm worried about doing the same to my corolla because I'm afraid if I jack it or won't drain completely because it's uneven.  Is this a rational concern?  




 I would like to see the front office keep him and encourage him to put on some serious muscle this offseason.  
























 Chest?  Too young for heart attack. Probably community acquired pneumonia

Testing to chest area is probably a chest xray to check for infiltrates to lungs. He did go to Haiti didn't he?   




 If your kid is vaccinated what do u have to worry about? 




 This stuff happens. It's called growing Pains. Without these lessons we can't learn.  They have to happen to weed out the bad players and groom the upcoming good ones. This is a professional basketball team. That means that there are other teams just as hungry as we are that have gone through the same thing and are finally making it to the top  (hawks, grizz, warriors, etc). It takes years to make it,  some teams don't even make it.  Let's appreciate we at least have a classy organization that prides itself on winning and resiliency. We were a 15 win season not to long ago then won a couple titles afterwards. Our job is to support our team despite the record.  Period.  




 Ennis looks like he needs to go back to the D League for a little bit.  




 Funny when the announcer said the Lakers are 4-0 when Kobe passes the ball 
























 Mcbob
Ennis
Chalmers 
Anderson?
Beas?
Top 10 pick? 




 Good story. But it could have quickly turned into a TIFU by getting a lesbian  pregnant lol 




 Playoffs is going to be huge for these rooks. Going to leave that taste of wanting more and doubling effort in offseason. That's why making the post season is so important for me. I know we ain't going win, but we need it to develop that winning culture in the young ones.   




 Not doubtful enough....Wallace to vikings 




 Well done 
























