 i rather it not have multiplayer. 




 thats sweet i love Army of two 




 my grandfather bought a Playstation 2 at a yardsale and found this game. i use to play it so much that when i remembered it i looked it up. My friend owns a gamestore and found it, i bought it off of him for 7 dollars 




 I know right i love dominion  









 My boss did that in 3 months. I remember when he lost the one challenge like 25 times in a row he almost threw a controller at a customer 




 I know that feel i did it with a truck and my friend kept walking over my care and using it as a personal bridge.
What system are you playing on 














 I mean like a song that is not on a soundtrack. But i love 117 too. 




 Do you mind if i use this as my background i put it on and IT IS PERFECT. great drawing by the way you should do more or record yourself and post it. Id like to see what other stuff you can draw.  




 What song that is not a fan made song do you halo fans think fits halo 4 the best. I love halo but i just can't find the perfect song to listen to at the midnight release. Suggestions
7 MORE DAYS 




 The one thing i hate is that i went on the song Back in Black and the comments are spammed by cod fans. Saying people only know this song because of CoD. 




 thanks I was wondering why he already won a prize. 




 when i was a kid my brother really liked WWE. I watched it all the time with him. I first memory was of stone cold steve austin getting thrown off a bridge. I had a VHS tape about stone cold steve austin that i watched everyday. Good memories...WWE is the one way i will remember my great grandfather and grandfather. We would watch it every week together. 




 Im waiting to watch it because you get it on a dvd with the limited edition But u am really tempted to watch it. 









 Nice!!! 




 Great song 




 I think they should add so that if you kill a spartan while you're the flood, then the spartan will convert on the spot doing like an animation of pain and after a couple of seconds he'll be up and ready to infect some more. Of course the other survivors will be able to kill the spartan while he is in the transformation and stop him from turning. He will then get a medal and the infected will just respawn somewhere else. 




 I love Rage 




 Who got limited edition i think it's totally worth it 




 Its just not in its prime any more is what he is saying 




 Im on episode 168 of original series. I havent watched naruto for a long time so i wanted to start the original series first. Are the fillers worth watching i feel as if ill miss something 




 Do you have Xbox 




 i have money just need a game to hold me over till Halo 4 because i paid halo 4 off. I loved the first one but just wasn't sure if i wanted it. 




 Slayer is amazing my friends always make fun of me for all the slayer shirts i wear 




 SLAYER FUCK YEA 
























 Orion by Metallica 




 The cruelest dream, reality!!! 




 Brandon OD'd and died 




 He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot. 




 My first was Americana. Ixnay on the Hombre is the only album i don't have. But i listened to it and love it. 




 Im pretty sure Everybody thought of the offsrping.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw 




 Instead she dropped out and had a couple of Kids. 




 It is a great game. I love it 




 I want the classic feel of playing it on SNES. 




 I think when it becomes summer i'll try yard sales. I don't trust Ebay and Amazon over prices stuff. Earthbound is $20,000 on their new.  




 Nope Wrestle mania 2000 




 It's fine i know way to much already because of my damn friend. 




 Spoiler...
sorry i just started watching Naruto again. I'm on episode 104. after i watched the entire original series. 




 I still don't understand how Naruto was still a genin. He beat Kiba and Neji in the Exams. Explain that to me if possible. 




 This is truly amazing. I love that Bungie would do that. 




 I actually do the same thing sometimes.  




 YES!! 




 I love most of the maps i wish they would add Grifball or at least make some of the game modes Permanent. 









 One of my favorite songs by them 




 these pictures are starting to become annoying 




 Im still debating if i should get dishonored or Hitman what do you think is better? 




 Banjo kazooie and conkers bad fur day if you can find those as well 




 yea sorry about that 




 yea sorry for that bad quility guys 




 it sucks they dont work on flat screen T.Vs 




 he would also need to find one of those damn expansion pack. I can never get a cheap one. 




 i never really played multiplayer i always played it singleplayer. 
























 That needs to be a thing. 




 I use them as mini posters 




 Its my birthday too and I share a similar problem.  Happy birthday 




 I love N.H.K 




 Thank you 




 Thank you. I really needed someone to say something.  




 Anti-Flag. They may have started in the nineties but, they are still going strong In my opinion.  




 I'm actually on episode 4 and so far its ok. I hope it picks up. 




 Please help. 




 Thank you. I'm also a bit new to this sub reddit so I didn't know. 




 Exactly, that's how i feel. 




 Master of Medals be pulling your stings. -medallica 




 Yea that's what I thought. Since it evolves and has an egg.  




 This may be a stupid question but is Volcarona a legendary. You do encounter it like a legendary Pokemon but... 




 Oh.... 









 They need to make it for android... 




 That's really cool. You made it? 




 Thanks dude. I actually really like these. 




 I can't find any good Rakdos wallpapers,  can someone help? 




 Ok. I have been playing for about 2 months. Got all the basics and im actually decent. Recently I got Obzedat Ghost council and I need help with a deck to use it in. I was going to throw it into my exalted deck till I get more cards but I really need a deck type that works with it. Please help 




 Thanks dude! Helps a lot. Ill have to get some return to ravnica too. 




 Oh. So I probably should have gotten return to ravnica first. What guilds are in that? 




 Im pretty new to magic.  I've been playing for about 2 months. Today I decided to order a fat pack for gatecrash. Can anybody give me a better understanding of the set. I already know all the basics of magic and such I just want to know a bit more about gatecrash. I only know that it works with multi colored cards 




 YES
I made this post a month ago but no one remembered it. I used to love this game. 




 I'm not sure if i should watch them or not. Do they have any meaning or importance. Please respond!! 




 Pokemon Stadium. 99 Stocks. Only Item Pokeballs. That or the Earthbound Stage. 




 Orion would fit it better. 
























 Etna remains untouched
 




 I noticed that as well, It seem like I can never play on the maps that I like. I'm usually confined to the same maps. 




 I play/played Halo reach a lot, and it seems as if more people play reach than 4. Thank you though. Going to pop it in now. 




 I picked up the Limited edition Halo 4 on the release date and after a couple months stopped playing it completely. Is anyone really playing it anymore? If so, is the game balanced and/or glitchy. I want to get back into Halo 4, but I'm not too sure if It's worth it. 
I do believe Halo 4 was a good game, just did not keep the same vibe past Halos did. 




 Yes, certainly is. For some reason i relate to the video and brought me a sense of understanding through myself. 




 I know it doesn't exactly describe depression, but the video "scarfy" has been a favorite of mine for awhile 




 It makes me happy to hear that. Keep up the work. I'm proud of you.  




 I'm scared to feel happy. As if happiness will be my greatest downfall.  




 I hope that you can too get better. I wish the world wouldn't have to live in misery.  




 Not necessarily, I'm quite alone. I only have online friends and 2 friends in real life. 

 




 *background* Been depressed since I was very young. I suffer from isomnia, anxiety, social anxiety, and clinic depression. I've been extremely suicidal in the past 8 months. Tried to kill myself 3 times, but failed. Anxiety attacks are very common and I usually stress over every little thing. My paranoia makes me afraid to go outside anymore. 

For some reason I'm very afraid of healing. I feel as if it's a part of me and without it my other problems would overwhelm me. I've tried to got to counseling, but broke it off after 2 sessions. I never take medication because I'm scared of side affects.

I'm tired of feeling so down, but yet I do nothing to heal. I just end up laying in my dark room. I feel so pathetic. As if I don't deserve to get better. 

I just wanted to know, am I the only one that's afraid to heal? 




 Sound types maybe. A lot of pokemon could fit into it already.  




 GAMEstop
 




 New mega evolution confirmed! 




 Saying that is basically saying that all "enter metal genre here" are only creeps who are only angry and want to scream about violence. That's an assumption people make right? Its obviously not true.
You make assumptions that all music from that genre is emo bullshit, but yet you're judging it by mainstream bands.
It like calling all thrash metal satanic bullshit because slayer sung about this once, or all death metal is about murder because cannibal corpse sung about this (I know bad example).

I'm sorry but it angers me when people classify a whole genre by a mainstream band. 
Btw I'm not making those assumptions, just examples from what I've heard before. 




 Kakuna and metapod doe 




 Done. I liked the survey and glad to help. 




 Wallace wells 




 Mind explaining what's going on my friend? 




 It took me a second to realize that 




 its 3: 29 AM
I look out my window at the hot crowded street above
I notice i feel cold and alone
used up like an old bottle
no deposit, no return
people live and die in these apartment compartments
no deposit, no return
dust falls silently
why cant i?
no deposit, no return

I just wanted to share this. I did not write this. 




 Thank you. Will that affect my current gen. Consol and cabel? 




 No battle toads.  




 How do I do the aspect ratio thing? (I sound really stupid, I just don't have much knowledge on televisions) 




 Like, it being blurry doesn't bother me as much as the cut-off borders. 




 I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this?
Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help. 




 Hahaha 




 I too have sung Death's praise
Life is the only thing worth living for
Life is simply as it states.
I know it has its ups and downs and, trust me I still have my problems but it eventually eases up. Find something that simply calms you and helps you enjoy life. (Ex. Music is what i vented through) The belief of no point us the death's praise. Do not sing that song. Just think about it. Think about what hasn't been done and, what will create a reason for life. Hopefully we all can find our meaning in this sadistic world eh? 
























 I seriously thought it said Barbies. 




 Say it ain't so!  




 I would love to have one. I am a cheap little lame-o. 




 Playing the glitchy ass campaign. I just wanted to know if there was a way around this. 




 So i finished Halo C.E. on heroic past week and it did not unlock the nameplates, avatar, or anything else really. Anyone else having this issue and/or know how to solve it?

Sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. 




 During the Halo C.E. Campaign there are Random explosions and parts of the missions do not load. Sometimes you randomly die when no enemies are present at all. Kinda annoying.  




 Which actually upsets me, since the movie seems like a completely different story; misguiding new fans that developed primarily from the film  




 I just realized that lisa was not even in the movie, even though she was somewhat of an important character in the G. Novels. 




 It's a shame that they almost broke up. Lost two members. Good news though, cams still in the band. Can't wait for their next release. My favorite band at the moment. 




 That user name tho 




 Waking up each day is one of my worst fears. I'm completely disappointed whenever i open my eyes each morning. I want to die, but i'm too much of a little bitch to kill myself. I'm only alive because i don't want to disappoint the people that i know. Every time i try to kill myself i fail. I always feel like i'm a failure. I can't even take my own life, and i know it's pointless to try anymore. Hurting myself is only a way to feel something other than this depression. Starving, cutting, and depriving myself of sleep are the only ways i can hurt myself. I am scared to sleep, due to the fact that i constantly have nightmares about my life. 

I can help but just fell worthless/useless, like i have no reason to stay here. I don't even understand why i'm here. I have no motivation towards life or any activities that use to bring me joy in the past. The joys i felt within these activities were so artificial that it just sickens me to try to participate in any of them. I just don't understand why i am even alive. Everyday is a struggle to try and not end up dead. If i could die without disappointing everyone around me i'd be able to die peacefully. I deserve to die a very painful death. The hatred that i have for myself is sometime unbearable. I just want to slam my head against a wall until i can no longer think, or just jump out into busy traffic. Just something that will be painful. It sounds weird i guess, but a painful death is what i feel I deserve. I have basically no hope in my future and believe that i am heading nowhere in my life. 

My life is a disgrace and i can never change. I make up all sort of excuses or outcomes to everything so i can just stay home and waste away. I do not want to be put on any medication because if i do achieve happiness, i do not want it to be artificial from a pill. I've lived most my life around people doing drugs (Brother addicted to pills and many deaths within close friends). I know it's probably my best route but i just cant live with myself that way. But that's suggesting that living like this is any better. I have been getting out a bit more which is a little nice, but i just feel so fake. I want to express this to the people around me, i guess for help. Even with all the things i said in this post, i want to live a happy life. A life where i can say that i atleast feel okay, respect myself, and overall don't shut out the people i love and my friends. i fell as uif i'm losing myself and them. i'm just drifting away, and i cant find a way back. I'm just so paranoid of everything and everyone. This is the first time i've let this out in about 3 months. I just let it build up in myself until i can't take it.

I know that this is just a huge mess of a post, but i just needed to let it out. There is stuff i most likely missed but i'm just overwhelmed by everything. I'm sorry for my bitching and everything. i just can't explain it well. I hope that i do not wake up tomorrow morning. That way i can be happy, and it would be better that way.  




 Yea, I heard great things about them. I just don't have time to check them out. Do they have a similar sound as sorority noise?  




 They are probably my favorite band at the moment. I was browsing bandcamp, found them, and fell in love with their sound. I can't wait for their next album. Cam is an amazing musician. I believe he is also in old gray (I think that's what it is called) and need to check that out. 




 I love sorority noise to death. They are so amazing. If you haven't checked out their album "Forgettable", definitely do so. 




 Faceless Fear

Broken Promises

Without you

Creations

Faded

We Remember 

I don't know, I just though of these. Maybe one may appeal to you. 




 Oh, well I guess I wasn't paying attention when they said that. Sorry 




 I wanted to know if anyone would be interested doing a big team battle, CTF, etc.. custom games. Just on the normal maps with normal game modes. Maybe get a whole lobby of people. Possibly even play different custom game modes. I haven't played in a while and just want to play custom games. 




 Things to do/ lets play in GTA 5

-Washing Machine

Everyone gets into the back of the moving truck (the truck that the achievement hunter crew is inside during carducken) and close the back, someone takes it as high as possible with a cargobob, then they drop it above an ocean and watch them roll around inside of it. Most like they will die inside so it can be last alive. I know its very similar to carducken, but I still think it may be good enough for a separate thing

Not to sure if idea has been pitched already but I thought it would he fun. Most likely not enough for a lets play but still possible if tweaked somehow. 









 I love it 




 Those are great 




 Nice sound 




 Sick man, dude I wanna see the video.  Update me man. 




 I know no good spots in Pittsburgh. I basically just try to find some nice lots in etna and millvale. Its kinda horrible since mr smalls was shut down. 




 Not a huge fan of the vocals.  




 BEARS 




 Thank you very much for clarifying that for me. Have a good day! 




 Wait, can you use that ability with tokens?  
























 You tucked me in, stopped my tossing and turning. 









 Thanks. Descendents are rad. I love them 




 Thank you, I appreciate the compliment. 




 Thank You! 




 I may not have the highest self esteem, but i do like showing people what i look like behind my account. These are from that past month. I try to smile in my picture, and as you can see im a huge music guy. Don't mind my shitty face and smile. 
http://imgur.com/a/eYn1j 




 Just be true to yourself. I suffer from multiple anxiety disorders and extreme depression so i know for a fact drugs would fuck me up. 




 Im 16 but i am straight edge. It may he stereotypical for someone my age to be, but i never saw the point in doing shit. I much rather keep myself clean and not end up like my brother and all the people i saw get destroyed from drugs and alcohol. I dont know man its just not for me. All my friends do stuff and its kinda lame, but hey its my life.  




 Congrats, Im happy to hear that. I hope everything goes well! 




 Sorry for just replying to all of you're original comments. I did not know how to go about this. Im awfully sorry for the inconvenience. 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I know exactly how you feel when it comes to this. There is so much pressure to get good grades. If i get a low grade i feel dumb and worthless. I hate that i have to constantly stress myself out to get an A on all my tests. I fear for the future and what might happen if my grades start to slip. 




 The concert was at Cattivo in pittsburgh. You may be thinking of anothet one. It's still an amazing line up though. Rozwell kid slayed. They were so much fun. Plus like The world is played an amazing set! 




 We can all hold on if we try hard enough. Its hard to think poorly of her especially when she does not present any hate towards me.  




 Thank you for your reply. Your words do help. I understand what you are saying. I just hope we can fet baco together after she gets her GED. I miss her so much and im just trying to get through the day without thinking about her all day. 




 Rozwell Kid slays! They are so much fun and TWIABP just plays such an amazing show. Jnasty from posture and the grizzly is a rad dude. 




 Thank you. You seem like a very strong person if you were able to make it past this. I hope things look up for you too my friend.  




 It's just so hard imagining that i will never be able to kiss her, hold her, or any of that stuff again. I hope that she will come back. I'll admit i cried while she held me and I couldn't control myself from ranting to her. She basically said that she needs to just do some stuff first, but it's so hard trying not to miss her and think she won't come back.  




 She's just the girl of my dreams and is so extremely important to me. I've been dealing with depression for most my life. It's so hard to wake up in the morning. I just have such an overwhelming sense of dread. I just can't stop crying. It hurts so much. I'm a fucking mess right now. Thank you so much for your words. I means a lot.  




 I am so damn depressed, and recently my best friend became my girlfriend. After a month of dating she broke up with me because she needed to work on things like getting her G.E.D and stuff. My only issue is that I Still Fucking Love Her and this overwhelming sense of dread is killing me. I miss her so much. I have been so damn depressed the past couple years. I'm struggling so badly with trying to not cut myself or kill myself. It's so hard to not try to do these things. I feel like i deserve it. I hate this. I miss her. I miss us. I wish i wasn't so depressed. I'm sorry for this mess of a post. I don't want to wake up in the morning.  




 The world is a beautiful place, the hotelier, posture and the grizzly, Rozwell Kid, and brightside in PA. Cant remember venue name. 




 1. Tatsuhiro Sat from Welcome to the N.H.K
2. TK from angel beats!
3. saito hiraga from the familiar of zero. 




 Sorority noise - Forgettable 




 Same. I think it may be better in like a day or so i hope. 




 I have actually been having the same issue. I havent seen any update or way of fixing it.  
























 Thank you. I hope It does too. 




 Growing up my parents weren't around a lot. They worked so their guidance and love wasnt given to me as much as a wished. I was beaten by all the people i called friends. Because of them i have back problems due to being hit with a baseball bat and kneed in the back. They also bruised my rib cage and almost killed me by choking me. Also when i was in 2nd grade i was almost killed again by beung choked by a 17 year old at the end of my street. The only person who was around was my "uncle". He faked his own death abd that crushed me. 6 months later he came back with some bullshit story but we havent talked since. On top of that my brother had a drug addiction and almost died multiple times. He stole from me and my family to buy pills. I wathced him destroy himself and couldnt do anything. Multiple people i was close to died when i was very young. I was also in therapy in elementary school for anxiety and anger issues. I went through 13 therapist before i was taken out.

Overall, a lot of stuff happened to me that caused me to look at the world as a horrible place. I realized how insignificant life was. I did not understand this feeling. I felt dreadful, useless, and felt like i was invisible. I didnt understand these feelings till about 8th grade. Its pathetic that ive let depression chew away at me and grab onto every aspect of my life. 




 My mother knows i am depressed aswell as my two closest friends. The issue is, i just try to act like im better. I constantly hide my feelings away from them in fear that i will disappoint them. I want them to think im better but i cant live this way anymore. I can continue being a shell of a person i once was. I feel so empty. I feel like their is a void inside me that is expanding and its killing me. I can not recall who i am no more, that or i am in denial of who i actually am. I hate myself and do not deserve the love and care of my family. Bot do i deserve love from the girl i hold close to me. I push the all away. I just do not want to exist. I always acted as if i didnt exist. I live in fear and isolation and ive tried to change but i cant. Thank you for your words. 




 Its just hard because i push all the people i love away and isolate myself. I cant look them in the eyes. Im not who they think i am and i am ashamed that im this way. I feel terrible that i live a lie and act that im better for their sake. Im dying inside. Ive been thinking about killing myself for a long time and have tried before. I have always failed. The only reason i am alive is so i dont disappoint my family. I dont want to pain them, but its so hard to continue living. Therapy is just so hard for me. It takes a lot out of me to talk to a therapist since i cope by trying to hold it in and distract myself. Im sorry.
 




 I actually have been to multiple therapist and was diagnosed. I do have to man the fuck up honestly. Its pathetic that i chose to post personal shit on here in hopes of maybe feeling better and hearing advice. I want to die but its hard to commit that act. I no longer want to exist but its my fault for feeling this way. I shouldnt feel sorry for myself and seek help. I should just be as great as you and have the motivation and courage to live. Honestly i do not want to live but just committing the act is so hard. Medication does not help nor does empathy from people i love and care for. I have a small will to live but im losing it. Im pathetic. 




 Literally all i do is listen to music. Since i have a sleeping disorder i get 15 hours of music in my life each day. I have longer hair so i can hind ear buds in during my classes. Music has helped me a lot but it can only do so much.  




 Every hobby that i have has lost all meaning. The things i love to do bring me no pleasure anymore and i cant find anything that absorbs me. I literally sit in my room and just wait for the day to end. Thank you for the advice.  




 I do not care to stay. They just deserve to have a good bye from me. I much rather at least give them that pleasure. I no longer want to live and i am not afraid to die anymore. I want to die. Its the thing i want the most. 




 Friday is the end of the week and gives me time to get everything together. It gives me time to see the ones i love one last time. I can look at the things that i love. I know that this is what i want and i just want to secretly say goodbye to everyone in my life.  




 I have a 3.85 gpa and i am going into multiple A.P classes but i do not say i am intelligent. I am dumb. I make so many mistakes. My whole life is just a huge mistake. I have witnessed so many things. I have experienced horrible things. I have been depressed since i was 8 and i cant take it. 




 I am extremely unattractive, physically and in my personality. I always fuck everything up and care too much. I always say nothing when i should have said something. I am devoured by fear, shame, and anxiety. I have been abused by all the people i held close. Maybe i deserved it. I have a thin line between empathy and apathy. I either care too much or not at all. I am a horrible person that never wonders why anyone else is sad. I only focus on the pain thats mine. I always think horrible things that make me only hate myself. My self esteem is gone. I do not like anything about myself. Im so damn ugly in everyway. I dislike the way i push everyone away and i hste that i isolate myself. Im so alone and its all my fault. I want to die is the most brutal way. I want to suffer. I deserve it.
 




 Ive tried so hard to help everyone before. I no longer trust people. I am insignificant to the people i love. I am nothing to those i hold close. 




 Ive been feeling this way for years. Ive attempted to kill myself multiple times before but either chickened out or i dod not succeed. I want this. I need this. Im sorry 




 I seriously can not do this anymore. I try and try and try. I feel so empty. I no longer want to live. Honestly, im so fucking angry. I want to fuck myself up. I hate myself with a passion. All i fucking do is push people away no matter how much i love them. I want to be alone. I dont need anyone. I fucking hate myself and do not deserve to fucking live. I hope i die. I do not want to exist. I feel so empty. Im sorry that my life crossed path with all of yours. I want to fucking die. Fuck me, fuck my life, and fuck everyone who has taken my kindness for granted. Maybe i do care too much. Maybe i care so much because im scared. Maybe i care too much to compensate for how shitty i am. I am going to disappear from everyones life for a while. Im going to crack but i may just disappear for a long time. I may just kill myself. I no longer know who i am. Ive lost myself. I feel like i no longer exist. Do not miss me. Im gone. 




 Haven't been able to get into any matches for the past week. Left my xbox on h2a playlist for half an hour and did not get but into a game. It's simply infuriating that mcc is still unplayable for the vast majority of active players. 




 This is rad. 




 I love the acoustic version aswell. Spirit desire is by far my favorite song by Tigers Jaw, and has a lot of meaning to me.  




 Id love to hear them replay their whole first album though. Itd be rad to hear them play all their old stuff again. I just hope they wont make another album like uno dos tre.  




 Yea anything after American Idiot was kinda bad in my opinion. I love Green day. First band i ever got into. No problem though. I'm glad that i could help! 




 A kerplunk one would be Kick ass. Fucking lover Kerplunk. Anyways I ordered it on [Amazon!] (http://www.amazon.com/30x40-Green-Day-American-Grenade/dp/B001B8UETM/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden ie=UTF8 qid=1424545093 sr=1-1 keywords=American+idiot+flag) Hopefully that helps I ordered it about a year ago. 




 I wanted the poster but had no money. Posture and the Grizzly and Rozwell Kid are fucking great. Both of them a recording new albums. I also met David F. Bello from TWIABP, Jnasty from Posture, and Sean from Rozwell Kid. They are all awesome people.  









 Dude I fucking Love TWIABP. I saw them in pittsburgh with Posture and the Grizzly and Rozwell kid. Rad show. The Emo Revival is amazing right now with stuff like Free Throw, Tigers Jaw, and all that shit. Love the Masked intruder and Clash poster. 




 That's cool. Collecting skate decks is pretty fun and they do make great decorations. I would hate to fuck them up. 




 Did you use to skate or just collecting? I love skating but if i find a rad deck i sometimes pick it up.  




 Those skate decks are rad! Nice. 









 I would say that this is my favorite. Next one's would be Good Good things, Coolidge, Sour Grapes, and Suburban Home.  
























 Aesthetic 




 Its rad. I picked up TWIABP's Whenever if ever, josh is dead, and deer leap split. Also Tigers Jaw self titled and Pity sex Feast of love. They have great stuff on the distro. 




 Yo I picked up whenever if ever too. Kinda dumb since i already have the latest tour press but still. 




 Im actually seeing pannucis pizza in may and have seen empire empire. I love both of them. Old gray is rad and i havent listend to salvia palth before. 




 I saw the Hotelier once when they were on tour with TWIABP. They were amazing but i never looked them up. Thank you 




 Morning Effort, things fall apart, and pannucis pizza are great. I love morning effort. Seeing pannucis pizza in may actually. I especially love their side project little tyrant. 




 Im actually just getting into elvis depressely. They're great. Ill check the other band out. 




 Really liking Not like igor. Thank for the links
 




 For some reason i love the song Skeleton guy by a landslide.

Hey i suggest looking up Guest House- ill get over it i guess and Grammer - awesome knifes. Both are great 




 Yo The Family bed is pretty rad. I havent taken a lot of time to listen to them but they are great. 




 Sorry but i wanted to ask r/emo who they believe are the best new emo bands around. Personally im a huge fan of Free Throw, TWIABP, Tigers Jaw, Sorority Noise, and (even though not exactly emo) Teen suicide.

Also if anyone one has any suggestions if bands that i should look up thatd be appreciated. I just want to know who you all believe is leading the emo scene currently. 




 Yo i saw these guys twice at The Mr. Roboto project in Pittsburgh. They are amazing. I love their old stuff. Favorite song off the album next to lets get invisible. 




 Yea im all good 




 Free throw is rad. Cant wait to see them the 21st.  




 For a sec i thought this was going to be about the Mr. Roboto project in PA. Anyways, i love how parents will do this type of stuff to put a smile on their children's face.  




 You are a wonderful person. I wish you the best 




 Ill make sure to try to read it. Thank you very much for your words. It truly helps. Thank you. 




 I just need to get out of the house you know? Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day. thank you for believing me. 




 it's just been hard and shit lately. I just felt like you all deserved an update. thank you for your kind words. It has most definitely taught me something about myself.  




 Thank you, i will try! 




 I hope i can. Thank you so much. 




 It's hard cause when i think of the future it scares me. More years of living like this. More years of being alone. It stresses me out as well because i know ill always be insignificant, and that i have to do extremely well in school. I do not like to think about the future when its so hard to think about today. 




 I live around Pittsburgh. I much rather not exactly most the specific area but its around Pittsburgh.  




 Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/2xzb2r/im_going_to_kill_myself_by_friday_i_hate_myself/

I guess ill introduce myself. My name is Tyler. I am 16 and have lived in Pennsylvania my whole life. I've been depressed since i was 8 and have tried to kill myself multiple times but have failed. A lot of you asked for my age so i guess i felt like i should tell you all.
This whole post is going to be a mess. Im very tired and honestly not very stable so i apologize

Well it's Saturday and im posting this so as you can see i did not go through with it. I cried all last night and cried for a good hour this morning. I have a mixture of feelings about it. Anger, disappointment, frustration, sadness. I was too much of a coward to go through with it. I'm simply pathetic, but i just couldn't do it. No matter how much i want to die, no matter how much i hate myself, i just cant to it. I cant pain the one's i love by doing it. I want to die so much but i just don't have it in me to go through with it despite all my unsuccessful attempts in the past. I apologize for my post and worrying all of you. I cant say im doing better but i am alive. I did harm myself but it wasnt bad. I made a mistake by not killing myself but i guess that i should stick around. I may be suffering and extremely depressed but i guess i cant die yet. I'm so confused really. No matter how much i desire death i cant do it. I feel so empty right now, but hopefully things will get better. 

I thank all of you for your comments and messages. You all gave me such wonderful advice and things i really needed to hear. I apologize if i did not reply to any of your PMs or comments, my mind and self was everywhere and i was so damn depressed that i couldnt bring myself to reply anymore. I felt ashamed of myself. You are all such great people and i thank you from the bottom of my heart for your reply and kind words. 

I may not be able to ever be happy and may not be able to get myself out of this void. I feel horrible about who i am and have no self esteem. I do want to die but i guess i cant. It hurts that death isnt an option but there are people here that i must stay alive for. My depression has taken over but i can try to live with it. I have been for years, but it just sometimes gets so hard. Ive been depressed for half my life and it's hard to continue living this way. I care too much yet do not receive that care from the ones i love. I am resented due to me being clingy towards those people i hold close. Due to that i push them all away. Ive been alone for so long. I hate myself so fucking much. Im so very sorry for myself and my actions. Im sorry that i did not go through with it. Im sorry that i am pathetic. I thank you all for who you are and I appreciate all of your concern. Thank you. 

Tonight i'll be doing something that i havent done in a while due to social anxiety. Im going out to a concert with my best friend. Thank you all 




 I cant say better but i can say alive. 




 Im okay 




 No one does but i cant count myself as human. A human can feel love and emotions. A human can sleep and go outside without wanting to jump in front of a car. I am not human. I am inferior to all you great people. You all are amazing. I do not deserve the love and support from all of you. 




 Ive been harming myself since i was 14 and ive survived by thinking if my family. I do not want to upset them and out them through pain. I have tried to commit suicide multiple times in the past but failed. I guess lately i just dont have the energy. I only get 2 hours of sleeo each night and eat once a day or every two days. I guess i survived because deep down i know that i don't want to die even though its my ultimate desire. I also cope with music and was hoping to become a musician. Life is difficult and i feel like death is a gift. Maybe dying is too good for me. I deserve go suffer. 
























 [I kinda look like shit in most my pictures, but I have rad shirts and sweaters so here](http://imgur.com/a/n1q5a) 




 Well this backfired. 




 /u/TrollaBot train_subject4743 




 Very relatable 




 Oh okay, that makes sense. Thank you very much. 




 I don't really participate in the voting or anything but may i aks why Foxing and Nouns are disqualified? 




 My favourite so far. 




 E.T or bubsy for smash.
 




 I like The Descendents, black flag, green day, my chemical romance, minor threat, posture and the grizzly, rozwell kid, teen suicide, elvis depressedly, the world is a beautiful place and i am no longer afraid to die, tigers jaw, pity sex, death cab for cutie, sorority noise, and a ton more. Ita hard to name them all.

My hobbies consist of drawing, gaming, music, collecting records, and i kinda skateboard. I dont do much at all anymore. Ive almost abandoned all my hobbies. 




 I love having long hair but it does need a trim 




 I try not too but i like to covet my face a bit. 




 Thank you! Its hard to take care of sometimes but looks better with a hat. 




 Thank you for the input though. I appreciate it. I was actually expecting people to like kinda be rude towards me for some odd reason, so its rad that people and yourself actually gave me a solid answer. 




 Thank you! 




 I actually did not know that minor threat was a part of fugazi tbh. Im not key on names if band members so thats part my fault. I should of known since i love both minor threat and rites of spring. 




 [Don't mind my face and horrible smile. I try at least i guess. These are from the past 3 months](http://imgur.com/a/n1q5a) 




 It's rad. Also look up Sorority noise, Foxing, Free throw, brightside, posture and the grizzly, empire empire, and the bands i already mentioned. 




 Im really into indie and emo. Teen Suicide, elvis depressedly, pity sex, the world is a beautiful place and i am no longer afraid to die, tigers jaw, etc. 




 I can sneak my earbuds under my hair since i have long hair. 




 Music is literally all i have. I aspire to be a musician and i can actively say i listen to music 15 hours a day.  




 Loneliness is the deadliest poison. 




 I'd be lying if I said i didnt cry sometimes about this. It's rare that i cry but sometimes after school or work I lay down and just realize how lonely I really am. How sad I really am. I put my academic life ahead of my mental health out of paranoia and anxiety and cant help but wish I had someone around.  




 thank you 




 It's very hard for me to keep up with people over the internet so I'd feel so extremely guilty when I wouldn't be able to respond a lot. 




 I hate living each day in this repetition of school, work, and then Isolation. I am wounded by this constant anxiety of the people around me. Im so terrified of people, and I can barely look them in the eyes. I feel as if a thousand vengeful wandering eyes are constantly watching me. I wish I wasnt so damn paranoid. I have no close friends, im not close with my family, and the only time i leave the house is to go to concerts. I'm forgetting how to be a person. I'm so very lonely.

I just want a friend. I want a best friend. some one that will always remember I exist and hold me close to them. I don't care about a romantic relationship anymore because attraction in that way is hard to come by. I would love to cuddle or be held by someone I have deep feelings for though. To just sleep next to them. Know that i am important. I just want some one that i can keep close without pushing them away or without me becoming overwhelmingly clingy. I hate myself and I wish to die. 

The one thing I desire the most is for someone to just lay on my roof with me. We can watch the sky and the starts together. Talk about the past and laugh about how sad we are. In those moments i would truly feel alive. We can listen to low-fi indie/emo bullshit and just feel like we matter to the world. Life would be great.  

Im sorry that i am too much to bare. Im just so use to being on my own that once i find someone i deeply care for its hard for me to not be clingy. I'll just spend a few months in bed so everyone that i know will think im dead. id be lying if i said i didnt dream sometimes about what it would be like if i didnt have this life. Im so tired of hiding and resenting the people I love. Constantly drowning in my regrets and being paralyzed by depression and anxiety. Im sorry for this long ass post but I just wanted to vent. 




 Thank you. I guess i can see it. 




 Oh okay so it was more their influence than actual music. I wad going to say i can maybe see some songs being close but not necessarily the band its self. Thank you. 




 Can someone explain to me how minor threat may be considered emo?  
























