 That's hot. 









 What's the funny part? I'm not getting it. 




 I love that it's on clearance too... 




 It's probably vacuum sealed with pimento cheese. Pop the seal on that shit and you'll get sucked the fuck in! 




 Her vagina scares me. 









 *doe- a deer, a female deer. 




 I'm with you on this... All for a little bit of karma... Awww it's so cute!!! Yeah and will be dead in 3 days because some dumbass picked it up for a few upvotes. 




 She looks kinda freaked.  




 Exactly what I need for my oral fixation! 




 Neither can I!  




 Yup... Exactly... Crazy... 




 Where else are there still video stores? Haha! 




 Yes indeed! 









 Old school Rj. Nice! 




 See cool_bowties comment below. :) 




 OMG!!! He's talking about me! 




 You should lick it. 




 Linguine. 




 Everyone needs a little vajazzle in their life. 




 Thank you! She snapped both the radius and ulna. Had to have 3 surgeries to get it completely straightened out. 




 That's exactly what it reminded me of!!! 





























 Haha! I don't know! When I wiped off all the sauce, it stained his face that color. The camera makes it look more yellow than it actually is, it's really more orange. Wish I would've thought to take a pic BEFORE! He looked like he had a busted nose! 









 Indeed! A must see, must tag, if you're ever driving through! 









 What the hell is coming out of his crotch??? 




 I just found out I have a sister a year ago, I'm 32 and she's 28... I would NEVER refer to her as my half sister. 




 Bigwords.com is a comparison site. It lists all the sites that has that particular book in stock and how much they are selling it for or how much they are buying it back for, including half.com. It insures you are getting the best deal possible. 









 As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... There is a website called bigwords.com, it lists all the textbook cos and there prices for the books you need, new and used, as well as sell back prices. If you keep your books in good condition, you can sell back your books with free shipping for waaaay more than the local bookstore. There are also some sites that have stores near campus that you can print off your invoice and walk in to the store to get the online price or cash. It saddens me that most college students are unaware of this. 




 I love it when they do that!!! 









 I was actually on that exact ship in October. It was a real shit hole before it became an actual shit hole... 




 That was so sweet, it almost made me tear up... Almost... :) 




 Leonidas, thinking about how the hell to get that damn jacket off... 




 Weird. 




 this belongs in /r/wtf... because WTF????? 









 What's a writter? 




 All the time!!! 




 Oh he gets allllll the ladies... 









 Repost... 




 I wanna pull on it's tongue. 




 Why would I have to pay for a threesome? 




 Apparently they think they are just that awesome... 
























 This post is a turtle, so what's up with all the fucking bears??? 




 As a single mother, this made my jaw drop. I would never, in a million years, even consider doing something like this!!!  




 It's like, " Oh girl, I just got my child support in, lets go to the club... The comedy club..." What??? 









 Such a dapper fellow. 




 It's still good for a laugh... :) 




 Oh! I had to put in my hearing aid! Got it! 




 At a what? 




 I laughed waaaay too hard at this!!! Thank you!!! 




 I completely agree! Nothing but smiles and tears with this one! 
Heart = Warmed 




 Haha! No! I eat them by two's... 




 Everything I do must be done in even numbers. It seriously pisses me off when I'm eating M Ms and there's an odd number in the bag, or anything else for that matter!! 




 Such a happy puppy! 




 This makes me happy! 




 AWE! Thank you! 




 Yes! She does! But not for breakfast... 




 Tears! OMG! TEARS!!! That was horribly hilarious!!! 




 Every time 




 You keep leaving her at my house, she won't be your puppy for much longer... ;) 




 We just tack her leash to the ceiling... She works great as a fan! 




 That made me laugh out loud!!!  




 Love it! 




 She's the cutest thing I've ever seen! 




 This is Riley. My bf's 7 week old golden retriever. I am just crazy about her!! 





























 Yes. Yes, I did... 




 It's self mutilation... I was looking at piercings, clicked a link, and another... and ended up on the most fucked up site I've ever seen... THEN THIS!  




 You are so very welcome. 




 I did a search and it did not come up anywhere... 









 I love pointers! I have a 4 yr old... He's still all puppy to me! :) 




 Love is beautiful and tumuluous... I hope you find peace and love again. 














 Probably because you order it that way... 




 I believe the breed is "magical." 




 If you believe... It will be... 









 That's exactly what I came to say. My daughter had something that started off like this two weeks ago. I thought it was a brown recluse bite, turned out to be cellulitis... Got really bad, really fast. 2 trips to the ER, 2 trips to the doctor, and a 3 day stay at a children's hospital. VERY scary! 




 I found this stuck in my bf's door last week... It was a Jehovah's Witness church invitation. 




 And you're completely sane, browsing r/wtf expecting to see rainbows and butterflies... 




 "In your experience..." Either you're a gay man or your husband's been with a lot of gay men... 




 Sure it's the keyboard and not the user? 




 I'm sorry. :(  




 Because there are lots of dogs with their weiners out??? 




 Handsomely derpy. 




 Are you a hoarder?? Geez! 




 Someone just stole your pic and reposted... http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1b826x/the_fuck_you_doin/ 




 You seriously stole this from someone who posted it just a few hours ago... WTF??? http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1b7mip/my_cat_just_will_not_let_me_pet_her_its_torture/ 




 That's what I'm talkin bout!!! =D 





























 As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... It makes me SICK what college bookstores buy back books for!!! There is a site called bigwords.com you can enter the isbn # of the books you want to sell and it will list all the sites that are buying back and at what price. Most have free shipping included. You can also find the books you need the same way. Some of the sites actually have local bookstores that you can print off the quote and walk in and get that price in cash. Where the store may have paid $15, the site will pay $80. I really hope this helps some of you... I can't stand to see the shit these bookstores try to pull. 




 She has MS and doesn't get around very well anymore.... Fell and hit the coffee table. Shattered her cheek bone... My uncle is a really amazing man! I was married to one of the bad ones once too... She is definitely not! Thank you for your concern though, truly! 




 Haha! We are from Arkansas and I was in brownies with Chelsea...   




 Haha! I see the resemblance!! And she is from Arkansas! 




 That's horrible! My aunt fell into a coffee table as well. Shattered her cheek bone and has to have surgery now. 




 Haha! Yes, but everyone else's explanations are so much more fun!!!... She had a little run in with a coffee table. She shattered her cheek bone and pushed her eye back into her skull some, and now has to have reconstructive surgery. :( 




 I wouldn't put it past her!!! 









 You calling someone that just died and you don't know a shitbag, makes you a shitbag. 




 My ex suddenly sits up in bed, yells, "YABBA DABBA DOOO!!" Laughs, "Aah Ha haa!" Claps his hands, then lays back down... I cried, I laughed so hard. 




 A childhood friend of mine just posted this pic... Too cute not to share. 









 That sounds amazing! 




 You're really not missing anything.... 




 Bitch 




 YES!!!! 



















 Very happy!!! 




 Beautiful cat! Awesome camera! 




 You don't mean it, unless you make a meme about it... 




 Only one time... at band camp... 




 =D 
























 I've already forgiven him... 














 That's it! 




 Yeah, the houses on the otherside that's my neighborhood. You can actually see my house (or what's left of it) clearly from 35 now. It still doesn't feel real.  




 It's the best form of therapy. 




 For now , we are staying with my boyfriend. The house will be rebuilt eventually and I do have coverage on it's contents. Most will be replaced, but the memories attached to certain items and all the keepsakes, trophies, they are gone and I can't get them back. My car was totaled as well, It really wasn't worth very much and I'm not sure what I'm going to do there. Thankfully I do have insurance. My neighbor has no coverage on her vehicle or contents. She now has to start completely over. She's also a single mother of two. Through it all she was still trying to give me some of what she was able to salvage. It breaks my heart.  




 Thank you! 




 I don't have a roof, but the garage and kitchen still had a ceiling at the time. No refrigerator sized holes in either. 




 Yeah, my house was hit by a tornado.  




 Thank you so much!!! It's been hard, but then there's people like you that have made this process so much easier. 




 Thank you so much!The amount of support I've felt has been surreal... Right down to all the volunteers going through my neighborhood and handing out water and gatorade as we try to salvage and clean up what's been left. Had I been 2 houses over, I wouldn't have anything to salvage. I lost my entire roof and so much more, my house is a complete loss, but I still have some to take away from it. The rest of my neighborhood was completely flattened. When I came out of the storm shelter, there was nothing to my left.... Nothing. My children are safe, and I found all my pets, so many were not that lucky. My heart hurts for all the children and innocent lost in this storm. I don't know if I should feel guilty or relieved.  




 No shit!! 




 Risque... 




 Aren't they just beautiful!?! 




 I'm ridiculously impressed... It was a bitch to get the damn thing in there. Kinda glad I don't have to worry about how I'm gonna get it out now. 




 One fantastically delicious bottle!!! (I had three.) And thank you. 




 It definitely fucking flies... 




 A-FUCKING-MEN!!!  




 It still had my wine inside, so I'm pretty sure it's mine. 




 Thank you! I am just really thankful my neighbor had a storm shelter put in last year! It amazes me to see how the community has come together for all of us. I don't know what I would do without people like you. 




 Yes, just across I35 from the Warren and Medical center. My house is a total loss and the neighborhood was completely obliterated. 




 *her 









 I'm not that kind of girl... 
























 Here you go! 
http://i.imgur.com/0ElitX1.jpg  




 Hahaha! Yes! 




 He looks exactly like this in person! I laughed so hard I cried when I first saw him... It's terrible and hysterical and sad all at the same time!  




 With moobs... 




 Oh yes! He is getting lots of cuddles mixed with lots of laughter. :)  




 He looks so pitiful... I moved to Japan last week and he became very matted during the transport. :( He's a Maine coon. 









 No. She raises them from babies. Most are just a week or 2 old. Then she slowly introduces them to the wild. When they are ready, they don't return her. She's had quite a few and no bites so far. 














 A judge will take into consideration what the minor children want, but will always place them where they will be best cared for. He is not the better parent. He is a pedophile!!!! No judge would ever send a child to live with a man that does what he does!!!!!

You need to seek counsel from an attorney. Initial consults are free! You are entitled to half of whatever is in that bank account. It IS your money too! 




 $6.21 on Amazon! Ha! I'm seriously getting one! 














 this might do better in r/mildlyinteresting 




 It happens. =) 




 Thank you! I'm a sis tho! Haha! 




 Labor Days takes me back to my roots. I feel like this is something I can always fall back on.  









 I love that! I let the kiddos name her. She has half a mustache and a perfect tuxedo! I really want to get her a red bow tie. :) 

















































 We moved to Japan and he became extremely matted during the transport. 




 House wife for now. Haha! I will get a job here in a few months after we are all settled. 




 Ommigosh!!! This is the cutest thing!!!  I love it!!! 




 She's gorgeous!!! 




 My other cat has been hissing at him too... I feel so bad for him. He has no idea why. 




 :) 




 My husband is. 




 Yes! We were able to quarantine him before we moved in home for 180 days. 




 I had to guarantee no interaction with other animals. Being indoor only, that wasn't a problem. 




 Haha! Awesome! 




 It's is fairly expensive and there is a lot that must be done before Japan will allow them into the country. There's also a 180 day quarantine period which can be done before you import them. I brought 2 cats and cost around $700. Some people go into the thousands depending on how they are transporting them and what vet they go to. 




 We had to have 2 rabies vaccinations done 30 days apart and then a FAVN blood test. His quarantine started from the day the blood test was done and can be started 180 days before entering the country. We then had to get approval from the Japanese government. He was checked by a quarantine official immediately upon entering the country and before going through customs. It is a very difficult and expensive process. We actually brought 2 cats with us. 




 Oklahoma. 




 We relocated because of my husband's job. 




 I moved to Okinawa, Japan last week... It's mid 60's-70's here and he's indoor only. His fur became extremely matted during transport. I would not have shaved him unless it was necessary. 




 Here is a before pic... http://i.imgur.com/qRXHyjV.jpg 




 Here you go... http://i.imgur.com/qRXHyjV.jpg and http://i.imgur.com/w7Fhtg4.jpg 




 Several people already have... I can't wait to see how it turns out!! 




 He really likes to take showers... He used to jump in every morning with my son and I had to occasionally cut mats out, this was really bad though. 




 It's perfect! Thank you!!! 




 It's his fuhpa... 




 I had to check him. He is (was) 15lbs and his carrier was too large for in cabin. He seemed to do pretty well considering, other than the matting.  




 I took him to a groomer. He is very calm and docile.  




 We just moved to Okinawa, Japan... It's in the mid 60's-70's here. He's also indoor only. 




 Sure!
http://i.imgur.com/mbOm27m.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/McYq0s3.jpg 
























 This made me giggle! I love it! Beautiful pup! 




 He probably only has to fill it once a year. 




 We've seen them in some really random places, but this one just blew me away.  









 They are such wonderful, intelligent, and loving dogs. I fell in love with him the moment I saw him. He was the runt. The discount puppy (free because they were going to put him down), and I can't imagine his litter mates turning out any bigger or more beautiful than him. He's quite an amazing pup! 




 I plan on it! He's just gorgeous! 




 Thank you so much! 




 He's a German shorthaired pointer. 




 This was taken in Utah. 




 Utah 




 Thank you! 




 Utah, his first road trip out of Oklahoma. 




 Thank you! He's a tough one to photograph. He will never stay still long enough! 














 You have to quarantine them in your home for 180 days or in a quarantine facility in Japan after arriving, if the 180 days are not up, to ensure they are free of rabies. 




 Okinawa. 




 Hahaha! That's awesome! Such a pretty kitty!! 




 We moved to Japan and he became severely matted during the transport. 




 This is by far the best I've seen! I love love love it!!! Thank you!!!! 




 Yes, my husband is. 




 It's really amazing! The food is to die for, the beaches are breathtaking. The people are sooo polite. I'm really loving it. 




 He is a Maine coon... Very long haired. 




 We just moved to Okinawa, Japan. There isn't really a winter... 




 I'm not sure if he knows or not. My other cat keeps hissing at him and they are best friends of 3.5 years. He had a beautiful coat before. I will let it grow back out. 
























