 Agreed!  Don't smoke the dips, smoke (some cold some hot, depends on the ingredient) the ingredients.  I also recommend pairing smoked queso with a good vienna style lager 




 Very fun x-mas album, big fan now! 




 Who is this???? 




 I believe my immediate words, out loud, were, "Holy Shit" 




 Awesome, thanks for the reference, best one so far,  once the paycheck comes in it's ordered.  And yeah, I'm looking for some help in my area, I've posted on craigslist and other subs to find a work out buddy, all my frends are industry people and I"m kind of on a 8-6 schedule 




 thanks 




 I want to start lifting, but not very familiar with proper form and safety.  Does anyone have tips, guidelines, or any good (preferably free) resources online.  I have a very physical job in a brewery and figured I might as well bulk up to make work easier as well as other things 




 So I really want to bulk up and get big.  Would like someone I can rely on as a spotter who has some experience power lifting.  I'm starting out at level 1 so I need someone who's patient.  I want a motiator and not a douchey gym rat.  I work at a brewery and have 3 very clear goal.

1)  Make my life lifting and moving kegs a lot easier

2)  Throw a shot put A LOT further.

3)  Make my cheating ex girlfriend sorry she left me for a stoner who works the register at a fast food joint.

I have a 24 hour fitness membership and will be working out probably after or around 8pm.  I'm motivated and committed but not knowledgeable in lifting, safety, form, all that good stuff.  If you're looking for a work out buddy, hit me up. 




 price? 




 I recommend skinning it.  Best to use a very sharp knife, about 6-8 inches long, take your time, go slow, you should be ok 




 best place for the top line for your beard is where the top of your ear actually meets your head 




 Go For the Gibson! 




 trim it short with an electric trimmer.  Keep staight, clean lines with a good straight edge razor, some even have a single blad on the reverse side for precise lines, that will give you a good groomed 5 o'clock look 




 I've had good experiences with Wahl Hair trimmers.  I've bought cheap trimmers before and it seems like they pull hair more than clip it, in my experience, you get what you pay for. 




 6 days a weeks I just wash it in the shower with soap with the rest of my face.  Saturday mornings I have a ritual of shampooing and conditioning with American Crew, it leaves it very soft,  I have a more curly facial hair type. 




 Submitting a pic of your face or chin would help, I myself and 2 1/2 months in on a full beard no trimming, feels very liberating, highly recommend it 




 So unfortunately I've been using Garnier frucetice since I was a teen because that was always what was in the house.  I've found out recently  a combination of that, and my poor diet may have possibly lead to my hair loss and may be reversable to an extent?  Anyone have info on this, or even better, a good shampoo that will promote hair regrowth???? 




 can Vitamin B and Iron help grow back lost hair??? 




 Soooooo......... should I upvote this? 




 Not a clarinet 




 yeah, the entire joke is Dwight says "tweeter" ugh sigh 




 just curious, who's your favorite Batman villain? 









 Favorite one so far, face yould have been awesome, you have a pretty smile. 









 The other gentlemen had fine beards indeed.  But you sir, got robbed. 









 Well maybe, that's just like, your opinion...  man 




 very pretty smile 




 agreed.  it's also a major plus smelling the peppermint and menthol extracts early in the morning.  Better than a cup of coffee. 




 Thanks for the tip on "training" the hairs.  I started wax just so I could get away without trimming the lower ones.  I eventually want to compete on the local market for beards and stache.  If you come up with a recipe you like please send it my way. 




 please excuse my typo's, feelin lazy 




 I'll have to give it a try.  I have some of their pommade and have had it for years, never had a reason to use it.  I use the american crew shampoo and conditionern on my beard once a week or before dates and my beard comes out sooooo soft 




 I'll check them out, thanks 




 Thanks, I was wondering about the American Crew pommade I've had some sitting around forever and don't have a reason to use it.  i do use their shampoo and conditioner for my beard and it comes out very, very soft. 




 I'm growing a pretty lengthy beard, with hopes in the future to compete.  My mustache is to the point to where I have to do something with it styling wise.  Are there any recommendations or waxing or styling products.  Went to CVS and picked up some Clubman's, didn't know if there were any othe rproducts worth looking at.

Also any good recommendations on good soaps or champoo's for the stache or beard? 




 Barcadia on Henderson has giant jenga (jenga with giant pieces so the tower's 4 feet tall)  good place to drink and meet people 




 Best new place: Jack Mac's Swill   Grill
Best nice but fine dinning place: Victor Tangos 




 appreciate the help, I'll check it out when it's not so hot 




 thanks, I'll check soon, when it's not 103 outside 




 I have a 6 cylinder 2006 mustang.  The alternator went out (already fixed) but we tried jumping the battery before we knew it was the alternator.  When jumping my car, my girlfriends neighbor, being the jackass he is, put the jumper cables on his battery backwards.  We were lucky in that the only thing that died was the stereo.  Anyone know what it might be, I receive no power.  If it s a fuse, which one is it? 




 really?  What kind of asshole is that kind of jerk to someone who's bummed out after they just put their dog down 




 dude, i'm just bummed out, don't be a dick 




 Dallas is not a hippie friendly city by any means 




 I Love Bunk, wait... that sounds bad. 




 You are freakin adorable 




 Don't know anyone, but I bet there's a lot of good tutorials for free (the best price) on youtube 




 and Dino's is pretty solid, best sandwich in the metroplex in my opinion 




 yeah, I'm not on that side of the Metorplex any more, but I love chilling out there when I can 




 it's just a really cool unique bar, hadn't been in a while.  I used to work there when I turned 21.  Last time I hung out there it was pretty much a hipster joint.  Good drinks, pretty good beer list, and a great jukebox.  The patio outside is great too. 




 If you're a hipster (or not but like to people watch and point and laugh at hipsters, i won't judge either way) check out the caves lounge.  Awesome lunch spot is Dino's subs, you can also go ice skating at the parks mall 




 Giant Jenga at Barcadia (knox henderson area) or at Goodfella's Pizza (Plano boardering frisco on Preston) is always fun. 




 The French Room, The Marquee Grill (used to be on the pastry team, it's awesome) Fearing's at The Ritz, Bolla at the Stoneleigh Hotel, Abacus 




 Here's a good place to order online: http://www.viennabeef.com/  I know how it feels.  I used to live in the East Village.  Have the Hot Doug's tattoo on my shin and everything.  I have not found a place yet though, but Angry Dog in Deep Ellum is supposed to be really good too. 




 So I finally dipped my toe in the soda pool.  I made a mediocre ginger ale but an awesome Basil Mint Soda.  I used active dry yeast and it worked very well.  It did make the soda's muddy with yeast biproduct though.  Anyone know how to make a clear soda or possibly the same thign with much lest yeast biproduct? 




 If you REALLY want to...  Cold smoke it, plenty of info out there as to how to cold smoke if you haven't yet, let it rest at room temp for half an hour, season it and sear it or do what you will 




 Anything off of Fishbone's "If you give  monkey a brain, he'll swear he's the center of the universe" album, Primarily 'Servitude' it's a pretty good song 




 You can do macaroons, or, you also have the key ingredient for the best park of any meringue pie. 




 It most certainly does 




 maybe not, but close, his last special that he produced on his website that he was selling downloads for sold $4.5 million, he produced himself.  I know much of that cash goes elsewhere, but without a production co. he's on the right path 




 Louis CK: Millionare at the top of his career, the new "most influential" comedian
Joe Rogan: Reinvented himself, excelling in a new career field.

Carlos Mencia:  Hosting late night infomercials selling gym equiment and workout programs.... 




 I know he pulls content off of reddit, youtube, break, ebaums and a ton other sites, that's the whole concept of the show.  It's a show that makes fun of what is on the internet.  Just sayin it's a repost of something that's aired on national television 




 Uhhhh... Tosh.0 two seasons ago? 




 just as effective, works as well, we just got it to evaporation point and lit it to burn it off quicker for efficiency sake.  Not as safe, but in a controlled environment with professionals, much quicker. 




 I tried several times in culinary school to make hollandaise, but I'd always crack under the pressure 




 Seared or grilled salmon in a tomato water broth and roasted asparagus.  If your interested send me a message. 




 Did you cook the whole thing, top to bottom?  If you did you should tail me the recipe. 




 Drugs are a bad, bad thing. 




 Combine it with enough tomato puree to make a chunky sauce, season accordingly and put over penne pasta.  It's a great "poor man's" meal. 




 Yeah, it's all flare for the table side.  The only time I've seen an actualy function for it, is if you're making a sauce with a and you want the primary flavor to be a liquor (say a tequila based sauce) and you don't want the alcohol to dominate the tongue you burn it off. but ahead of time in the kitchen 




 I only have a pump action shotgun.  It's an ok range for that, great if your shooting skeet.  Everyone I met there was nice for the most part, I wouldn't shoot range ammunition though, they carry the cheap stuff. 




 Check the big hotels, corporate hotels usually offer benefits to restaurant workers IF the restaurant is owned y the hotel, not just space leased out to the hotel.  I used to cook for Omni, it was a pretty good operation 




 this person may be able to help you, tell her you heard of her through me (Michael Burke) I'm friends with her dad.  https://www.facebook.com/BethABowers 




 broken down step b step, like I'm 9, awesome! just what I was looking for 




 My friend and I have been homebrewing for a little while now.  We've been bottling and have found it to be a hassle.  We want to switch over to kegging but have no idea where to start.  Resources anyone???

Mucho Appreciado 




 wise girl sounds like a hooker 




 I highly recommend Kayden DiGiovanni at the Skin Art Gallery in Addison.  Check him out at DallasTattoo.net  I have quite  bit of work done, the only 2 I wasn't satisfied with are the ones he did NOT do, and he still even helped me out with them (I've been going to him for 9 years)  Also chek him out at facebook.com/dallastattoo 




 But in London, they don't have Smokey the Bear, they have SMACKEY THE FROG! 




 wow, really awesome, despite what ever kitchen you were in.  Are you in business or just do this for friends and family on the side? 




 It was an awesome show! 




 Very nice, never been out to that part of the country, can anyone visit the sound and go clam digging 




 Do any redditors out there have knowledge as how to practically calculate something on the scoville heat scale?  I'm working on a hot sauce and would like to know the actual SKU for bottling and marketing purposes.  Any information would help 




 ot me beat.  3lbs most I've done.  I was cooing in a restaurant going out of business and the last day we were open my Chef "cleaned out the walk in"  it was a race between myself and the food runner on a 3lb plate.  The volume was rough, but forcing it down fast was far worse. 




 I don't know who you are.  I don't know who your friends are.  But that, that is amazing 




 nice, my buddies and I have worked with ghost peppers before.  We had a dick coworker who caused problems (we were all chefs in training) so we steeped ghost peppers in water and used that to make a dense gelatin and put his knives in it them set it in the cooler over night.  Highly recommend trying it some time.

But thanks, I'll have to check it out, I work right around the corner from there.  How many wings does one have to polish off? 




 nice, that's the kind of stuff I'm looking for, what else do you guys have? 




 thanks for the suggestion, but looking for local places, I could do BWW challenge anywhere, but thanks 




 Any one out there in Dallas know of any good restaurants that have some sort of eating challenge.  I'm aware of the wing challenge at Pluckers.  Used to work there so I'm very aware.  Any others?  Would anyone be game to join up and start a group for it? 




 The Pearl Cup in the M Streets area is the best coffee I've had in Dallas 




 Sweet, never thought I'd see this place on the net, especially reddit.  I live half a block from there. 




 Yeah we do 




 Private message me, I'm interested and local 




 Bonnie Ruth's up in Allen has an awesome brunch buffet with every classic you can think of.  Dessert is was included too which we thought was really cool. 




 that's amazing, how much time did it take you to piece it all together 




 Tis is my first 4/20 on reddit....  I guess this pretty much sums it up...? 




 funny, they don't look asian 




 I think it's sooooooo cool you're a Batman fan, not a lot of chicks are superhero fans let alone Batman fans 




 Chubby is awesome, keep posting 




 Good God, why can't I find any Ranger's fans like you in my neighborhood.  I"m on the wrong side of the metroplex 




 I bet t was a "B" channel on the cable box 




 "allow it" to happen for a while, put up remote surveillance camera's in your house that you can view from the web or your smart phone.  Use this to file for divorce, leaving her penniless.  Once he paper work is ready, hang onto it.  Wait for her to have her ex over one day.  While their sleeping in your bed together, sneak into your own house with another woman.  MAKE SURE SHE IS HOTTER THAN YOU PHILANDERING WIFE.  She could be an ex, some girl at the bar, a co-worker, a hooker, it doesn't matter.  Drop the paper work on the coffee table while being un-heard, then start going at it as rough and as loud as possible.

Really make it loud.  When your wife comes out with her ex, don't stop, just smile.  With one hand give a thumbs up, the other hold up divorce papers.

She'll get the point.  After a while there's not much that'll fill the void from being hurt by your ex, but bourbon will help.
 




 I have no words sir.  Touche 




 Any which way you cut it, you're still sucking a dick. 




 Go for a small dice and when you sautee your mire poix go for a darker carmelization (careful not to burn)  You should get a sweeter taste.  I like to use this in my marinare and pizza sauce.  2 carrots, 2 stalks of celery and 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 16 oz cans of tomato puree and 1 small can of dice tomatoes.  Simmer the mire poix and garlic, add tomatoes and cook out for 2 hours, season.  For marinara leave be, for pizza sauce blend.  Pretty tasty, and if you blend she'll never know it's there. 




 1-2-3, and 1-2-3, 1-2-3, really, you guys don't get it? 




 prrreeeeeeetty sure (100%) I've seen her on craigs list singles page in my city 




 Sad thing is, I actually get it 




 Join?....  I'd be president, secretary, and treasurer 




 I so very much enjoy your daily posts 




 My suggestion; post it on facebook and see if it gets taken down, your question will be answered 




 got it, couldn't tell, big fun, love your confidence 




 very excellent, what's the pattern on the socks? 




 very nice 
























 Put your cell phone in your pocket when getting into your car and don't rake it out till you're at your location, seriously. Don't use it while driving 




 Well it's only 10am so........ session IPA 




 It's not Chinese, but I swear Ruang (sp?) Thai.  It's in the same parking lot as as the Albertsons at 15th and Custer.  Best Thai anywhere 




 Wow, no love for Santa 




 Thanks btrlilwhtgrl 




 I know right?  Where in the metropolis are you, the temp jumps are killing my body 




 Marrying me?  You know, just sayin... 









 At what point in your life have you been the most lost and conflicted about making a personal decision.  How did you handle it and what were the outcomes.  If you had to go back, would you have done the same thing? 




 You are seriously, CRAZY adorable 




 Yeah, I've been into Neil Young for a while.  29 years old and have been into his stuff since early high school, very cool pic, thanks for sharing it 




 Never knew he played on a V 




 Spot on and very beautiful, glad you got to live it up! 




 Ha, I'm way too curious for that to be a deterrent  




 From Opie (SoA) to Dopey, sorry man, never shave again 




 Yeah my whole plan is to treat it as a donor bike and throw as much as I can on a new rigid frame.  I did have a Honda shadow 750 ace.  Very reliable bike.  Only complaint is it was limited on customization and many parts on the baby that should have been metal were plastic or fiber glass.  Road like a champ though. 




 Thanks for the feedback, good knowledge for a HD TIL (no sarcasm intended)  I did find one auction site that sells everything from repo's to totalled out bikes.  Minimum bids start at about $200.  Don't have it saved on my phone but cam send a.link later if you're interested 




 La piccolo buffalo in little Italy was Damn good 




 Also went to high school with a Brandon, his wife is Caitlynn, there daughter is Braylynn 




 My girlfriend teaches third grade.  One of her students legal birth name's is La-a (pronounced Ladasha)  she's shown me the name while grading papers  




 Who? 




 I believe you're not allowed to do that awesome spin move to go from reverse to forward that Jason Statham does in every driving movie.  It is acceptable to do so in the afternoon though 




 Very lovely, happy 21st 




 Thanks for the lead, but it looks like they only deal in metric.  I have friends into cb750 rebuilds, will forward them here. 




 "Pearl of the Stars" by Coheed and Cambria.  Not because of the content itself, but because of the emotional connection to that song and an ex.   




 Hotel Palomar is nice too, being is awesome as well 




 If you wanted to use beer or wort product to get a starter going I recommend using whole, fresh, unacidulated and unused grain of your choice.  2 row is cheap, and spin it in a food processor untill it a fine flour, sift and start your starter 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Rock_Lake. We have our very own soppy wet prom date.  Its a great story, my aunts used to creep me out as a kid by telling me the story of The Lady of White Rock Lake 




 "Last Call" is a great read.  Its everything you'd ever need or want to know about Prohibition in the United States.  It also has a lot of great knowledge of the long term and current effects from the fall out of. 




 Does anyone out there in internet land know of any motorcycle salvage yards in or near DFW, looking for a Harley build project 




 Yes, yes I do, very adorable  




 Hey Johnny!  Kill one, fuck one, marry one.  Steve-O, Flo from the Progressive commercials, and the Bull from the rodeo see saw bit. GO 









 Does anyone have any experience with receiving a neograft procedure.  Either the strip method or the FUE. method.  Almost 30 and looking quite a bit of hair up there. 




 She is one of my favorite to fap to and have no info on her! 




 Your question is invalid.  Everything I do naked is sexy. 




 What kind of shitty father (Or mother) lets his daughter dress like that? 




 Local honey, best with something mildly Spivey like a quality pepperoni  




 Who? 




 Hot Damn, looking good for any age 




 Who? 




 So he's homeless and caught up on new episodes of breaking bad, and shirtless but not tanned? 




 Yeah, you're gold 




 Photoshop 




 Kill One, Marry one Fuck one.  Joe Rogan, Seth Rogan, Seth MacFarlan, GO! 




 Slashed a tire on a girlfriends car right after we broke up when I found out she had cheated on me when we were together.  Got away with it, but didn't feel to good about myself afterwards 




 A beard as majestic as yours should never be ignored Sir 




 Who?  For the love of God who is that? 









 Never canned it before, I either serve it immediately or cryo-vacced it and gave/sold it to friends 




 2 celery stalk, 2 carrots and 1 LG red onion small dice lightly sauteed in 1/2C olive oil, when translucent add 2lg cans tomatoes puree and 1 small diced tomatoes.  Season with salt, black pepper and herbage to taste, simmer on low for as many hours as possible, puree and stain if you'd like 




 Hey, it's just like dinner, whatever he doesn't want that's more for me ;-) 




 You would do REALLY well in/ r/palegirls 




 For the love of all things boobs, who is that? 




 Wings with Dad while watching the homerun derby, not a bad way to celebrate! 









 Yeah, no welding experience, i didn't even think of that, i was more concerned with setting the petcoc and running a gas line 




 Never done a chop, used to work for HD at a dealership, in parts.  I have a pretty good starting knowledge but some things like gas tank set up and jetting carbs make me a little nervous. 




 Trying to plan ahead and budget, do this right even if it takes a while 




 Look close enough to Beiber's pants you'll get a new appreciation for the term dick face 




 You know those story problems in jr. high math that are loaded down with A LOT of extra information that have nothing what so ever to do with the actual problem itself?  Yeah... that's the title for this joke 




 What do ya'll think total cost would be, as many used parts as possible, to do a build like this, rigid frame, and perferably and 88"

http://www.americanclassicmotors.net/tonystblk1.JPG 




 Go out to local brewery tours, they're usually fun and you get to have local stuff, which hopefully, is pretty good. 




 Do you have a dough recipe, the one I have is a little spotty 




 Nothing a can of spray paint couldn't fix 




 Will you marry m....  I mean, that's a really good look for you 




 Who?  For the love of God, who? 




 My camera got dropped about 6 feet.  Everything works fine except the shutter button.  Any idea of how to repair it or anyone who will.  Sony wants $250 just to look at it. 




 Just big big fans of our beer 




 We made sure not to serve before the ceremony,  afterward, well, different story 














 My old compouter died in the worst of ways. I just got a new desktop, Windowsn 8 and downloaded the most recent version of Zune Market place.  I have a 32G Zune HD,  How do I get everything from my Zune to my desktop.  Apparently syncing it is enough. 




 God Bless Texas, where was it? 




 You ma'am, have the perfect pair! 




 Best place I've found so far is Jerry's Woodfire Dogs in downtown Lakewood.  I actually have the Hot Doug's logo on my shin and spent plenty of time there, nothing here I've found has been that close 




 We have some scratches in the (what we hope) surface area of our skin wrap on our company's delivery truck.  Anyone have solid experience on how to buff out the scratches if it's possible?  Any solid links to information would be helpful too, google didn't do much for me on this search. 




 Very Interested, I live near GWB and Custer, I work at The Lakewood Brewery at Jupiter and 635, very close by, I'm interested in what you guys may have to offer.  I know I won't be the first one, but I don't have an athletic bone in my body, would like to turn that around 




 me gusta 




 Have any Dallas redditors shopped around different Crossfit gyms?  I was lookking for recommendations on price and quality. 




 Pico de Gallo is pretty good, no seasoning other than salt and pepper, also If your more adventurous, small diced shrimp ceviche 









 It's an awesome brewery too thanks.  See above comment for second half though 




 Yeah, still somewhat new to posting regularly, doing this on my phone so don't have a way to blur the name, (unless you know a way, then I'm open to info) but match isnt her last name, no worries 









 Preferable standard american parts, not metric 




 Was wondering if anyone knows of any info out there, that breaks down a ground up build, step by step, with an explanation broken down as basically as possible. 




 Better than guitar center 




 I really hope these aren't the same guys I'm thinking of.  Last Beer Week 3 guys claiming they were starting a cidery came into the bar I was working at (Jack Mac's) for the cask taping.  We caught them trying to steal beer off of the firkin.  Then they got so wasted 2 passed out at their table, then we caught them trying to walk their tab.  Hope its not the same guys, karma is a bad hangover 




 I actually have been loosing weight, see comments below.  I have a very physical job at a brewery, hauling kegs.  I've cut back on my drinking and have been making smarter food choices.  Next paycheck I'll be able to afford a membership to a gym already picked one out.  I also throw shot put during the spring (If we get one in TX this year) and will be loosing A LOT of weight during the summer at work whether I try or not. 




 yeah, I think that'll be the first step, I'm gonna start with the longest guard and work my way down 




 Yeah...  he's actually a pretty slim guy, but I noticed that too when I first met him 




 yeah, i'm working on that, been steadily dropping actually, about 15lbs in 3 months was at about 270, I work at a brewery in TX so I know I'll be loosing a lot more this summer 




 I have to respectfully look at the photo again, my hair is going pretty quickly now, it started when I was 21 and has been going exponentially recently, despite healthier decisions, you might want to look again.  But thanks for the encouragement. 




 I think I'm gonna do it 



















 For me it has to be a full tank of gas and a new set of tires. 




 Last I heard snoop canceled 




 Agreed, I can't speak for the turkey, haven't  had it, but Mr G's is awesome! 




 Should have been 21 plays of Tom Jone's What's New Pussycat! 




 Chris was actually a good friend of mine growing up but we kind of went separate ways around highschool, grew up in the same block, played baseball and did the whole "scouts" thing together.  He was an awesome guy and was always there for a laugh 




 How tall are you, I arrested losing my hair around 20 (28) but I'm just shy of 6'2" so most people don't notice, so I particularly am holding out a bit 









 I do not reccomend using honey instead of sugar because it won't cook to the crystalyn state. Sugar will.  Try a very small (one jar) batch to see how it works.l, I may be wrong 




 Make a tighter pesto, less oil, more basil and nuts, and spread it as a sauce a little thinker 




 He is a duck, he's a shady SOB, most of his payroll practices are illegal as well as his back of the house staff, I managed under him and his ex wife at the Allen location and it was a nightmare 




 My old boss finally made it big! 









 Grapefruit and/or orange marmalade with candied ginger.  You can also make and store an orange cure mix if you cure your own salmon 









 Check out Lakewood Brewing instead.  It's the same price, you get to keep a Belgium style glass, and the lines are A LOT shorter.  They have the same music and food trucks, but it's a lot less pretentious and crowded.  Plus their beer is a lot better, if you're a beer knurd, also more consistent and true to form.  Big Fan! 
























 People on this sub have actually beaten to death the , "Tig is the rat" theory 




 I just moved here from Dallas.  I want to be healthier and more active.  I love being out doors and would like to go hiking in the hills out in the desert. 

Any good suggestions on where beginners should go.  I've been to superstition once while visiting a while ago. Where else is good for solo beginners?

I live in Mesa, so anything out this direction would be appreciated. 




 Simpsons did it... Wait no, I think that was done other show.... But which one...? 




 I love yo....  I mean, thanks for posting that gif.  We really appreciate it. 




 Could be pissed for getting sold back to the Chinese by Clay days after getting out of prison (Season 1) That's when he must his fingers.  Could be playing the long con, gathering as much Intel as
Possible 




 Very possible 




 Why thank you 




 I appreciate it bitchwrangler.  It was a tough decision.  Basically have been saying I was going to do it for about a year, finally manned up 














 Queens, my bad 




 Makes sense for Juice, when he was being pressed in season 4 you find out he's originally from Brooklyn.  The others I haven't noticed.  Jax on the other hand, I've heard Aussie, Brit, and Nor Cal , I think he's getting tired. 




 Are we don't this price is right style? 




 And let the face swapping begin! 




 Marx forgave "Tig's debt" though when Jax turned over the fun business to him though.  Marx was no longer after The by the end of season 5.  Second to last episode of that season, but not sure. 




 I wouldn't mind being in her valley 




 Tell it husband he's the first person I've ever seen to wear a sons costume and actually look like the person.  Cudos 




 I agree with OP.  Its a possibility.  I've wrote off trying to predict what Sutter will do or assume he has rules of how a character will go out. 




 In not sure I get the punch line?  Help me out, maybe put a finger on it? 




 Checks and balances 




 I'm personally not taking too much stock in Sutter stating that 2 sons die.  It's possible, but seeing that Sutter likes to go the opposite direction in big episodes from what people think he'll do.....  I think saying that could have been a misdirection.   Plus, if it is true, Nero isn't a Son, neither is Gemma, the death toll could be far greater in the last 5 episode.  Plenty of time for folks to die. 




 Everything here mother was saying Jax took on as a direct reflection to himself.  The rent is punctuated by her saying something about a horrible father and a dead mother right before Jax puts a round through her head.  All foreshadowing Tara's death in a very sneaky way 




 Thunder header 2 into 1 tailpipe is common amongst the bikes in Sons.  You see a lot of the sidekick seats as well.  Its a single piece 2 up seat.  HD diamond black grips.  Those are the big ones.  Chib's earlier bike had the fork tube boots, but I think with the fairing, the boots would clutter your front end too much.  

If you go with the thunder header (has a great sound) or any other full pipe you'll need to do a stage one air intake upgrade as well

Edit: also black lower front fork sliders and HD black magnum wheels 




 Actually very caught up, to the episode.  You didn't soil anything f for me.  Only takes 2 minutes to be considerate for other redditors though 




 Thank You!  I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks it's Nero.  When he left the room when the sons saw what happen it looked a little suspect.  Then, when the focus was in him at the end and he says, "how could they not leave after what happen".  Clear foreshadowing. 




 Seen the episode already but still.  A spoiler alert tag, I'm sure, would have been much appreciated by some folks here 




 Go back and watch when Venus' mother rants at the kiddie porn studio.  Kurt Sutter drops some serious foreshadowing.  Bravo 




 Minception 




 If have to go with the Piano Key Neck Tie 




 If your looking for which mods are on his bike I can let you know.  Used to work in custom accessories at a HD dealership in TX 




 No disrespect intended, but your mom is smoking hot.  If she were a dinosaur, she'd be a Babe-a-saurus Rex 




 Some chick and dude meet on a boat, at the end ( SPOILER ALERT) a big rock gets dropped in the water 




 Added 




 Serious case of MLA 




 Haven't watched this episode yet but I'm saving it.  I miss tales from the dark side 




 Blanch de Bruxelles, is Euro, but awesome 




 A kid called me an asshole, I told him I wasn't, he was convinced 




 Yes....  Yes you are 




 I don't follow, what's the twist? 




 Daaaaaaaamn 




 I think he's permastuck in that expression 




 "Chump Chance" by Big Business 




 My day just started and seeing this may be the coolest thing that happens all day, awesome 




 Pretty sure at least 2 of those are photo shopped 




 Years ago I bought a legit bike jacket at a Wilson's leather outlet store,  Sturdy, warm, not a logo on it and 1/3 the price 




 Shiiiiiiiiiit, I got serious chills down my arm from that one! 




 What year is that photo from?  Might be a good post for /r/oldschoolcool 




 Who were the graduates and what year did they graduate? 




 Nice, I was on my pop's Ultra, full size wind shield. 




 I can't imagine what it would look like without a wind screen 














 Looks like you're not eating any....  Dry toast 




 Its like ordering a sandwich on wheat, and your waiter brings it to you on rye 




 That you should of ate! 




 *bobber* 









 Well that escalated quickly 




 I got a serious chill at the end, did not see that coming 




 Take a motorcycle safety coarse 




 I do what I can. 









 I'm not tech savy, please be patient with me:
I downloaded VLC media player last week and every since I've had problems:

Netflix App wont work
I can't load videos on streaming sites like Coke and Popcorn or ProjectFree
I can't figure out how to get rid of the crap programs that come with VLC

How do I fix this?  I was also curious of people's opinions on the best spyware/malware and free virus protection as well.  Any help would be appreciated. 









 I agree totally with that.  Both probably made mistakes somewhere 




 Rahr is bigger.  I believe they produce more barrelage per year than DEBC does.  I'm not totally sure, I havent checked the BA Forum letter recently.  But that is why I said "bigger than most"

I really doubt S S did what they are being accused of.  I know for a fact there are tap handles in that restaurant that local breweries didn't have to pay for.  That doesn't mean they didn't say what they are being accused of saying, but it doesn't help DEBC's case either.

As for serving Franconia over Deep Ellum, yeah, I don't get that either.  I want there, I dont know what happen.  Not serving there beer could be just an excuse for a deeper issue like you said.  One thing to keep in mind though, liking a certain brewery/style of beer/or individual brew is ALL subject to opinion.  There are some beers that most people in the Dallas scene love that I think are inferior.  There are also beers that I love other people think are shit.  Its all opinion. 




 I don't think they are a massive corporation.  But based on their distribution network, number of accounts, and total barrels sold, they are MUCH larger than most of the breweries in the area.  And by contrast, much larger than a single restaurant that's only been open or about 4 months 




 He's trying to play up being the little guy, a small self distributed brewery.  It helps him look favorable as the victim.  He leads people to believe they're still a small operation, they don't have distribution, which they do, just not in this area.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with picking up a distributor in one area and not another.  But to tell people you don't have when to look like such a small operation when you actually do else where is misleading. 




 In the blog written about this John states that he's the little guy and the victim being bullied.  He stated that he is not distributed by Andrews or BEK which is only half true.  They are still self distributed in DFW, but distributed by BEK in the large southern cities in the state.  Is another good example if how he's misleading and petty 




 FOLLOW UP:  Replaced it with a new one last night from Autozone.  After taxes it was $250.  It took me about an hour and this was my first time making this repair on a vehicle.  The three places (one dealer and 2 national chains) I looked into to do the repair for me, each gave me estimates for $550-$600 for a one hour job.  Proof they're all out to gouge.  Moral of the story... I'm doing my own work. 




 No sources, no references, and a weak looking site...?  Yeah, I'd believe it....  Why was this even posted? 




 Going back through both Deep Ellum's post about this and Scotch and sausage's, and looking in the comments of the previous note our DEBC has had, is scary to see how much some of DEBC's fans have "drank the kool aide" 




 Sorry. I meant to type the word "remember" not tendency.   Was trying to type at a red light and not paying attention.  Was meant to read, "do you remember the brand name?" 




 * remember* not tendency sorry. Was trying to type at a red light 




 Awesome.  Do you tendency the brand on it? 




 Anyone have a good suggestion on a brand of alternator for an 06'?  My first one lasted 85k miles. In sitting in an NTB with a dead alternator that's 2 years old and Ford is showing me no love.

I'm looking for a suggestion in a quality product that will last more than 2 years.  Also, if there are any maintenance tips to make one last longer I'd appreciate it. 









 They have similar style on Jpcycles.com 









 I used to sell for Harley and ride myself.  The biggest things are enjoying the ride, being comfortable, and controlling the bike.  HD has accessories and mods you can put on the Dyna series to help with all of those.  You can get things like "the reach seat" which is comfortable and moves you closer to your controls as well as curved handlebar riders that will bring your bars closer to you.  Get the bike you want and can afford then customize it to for you.  Do what you want man, is a Harley! 




 In guessing the frame is a 0 out 62 up?  




 What you went through was incredibly unfortunate, but your Halloween must not go un wasted this year.  Take the new scar and run with it my friend.  Bond villains, classic horror monsters, the day will be your! 




 Yeah, your guests getting popped one in the face (in the not fun kind of way) usually isn't good for business 









 Yeah....  Its not doing well.  They get a lot of vagrants coming off the dart real running off customers 




 I'll never make someone for dealing with addiction. I see it a lot in my mine of work.  But I will make fun of someone for being a Dick 









 Yes, Park Lane and 75.  They put it up yesterday  









 Holy Hell. What's the size on that wheel? 














 Is there a link to that specific clip? 




 I was wondering if anyone has a link to the drop WTDS for Sport Sturm's birthday.  It was a barrage of overlapping drops of Bob and other ticket members doing Bob impressions.  I think it ran for a little over a minute. 




 Looks great!  I like how you shaped a little lip on it with out going full bobtail.  Nice touch. 




 All I can say is wow.   The symbolism is amazing. 




 Mesmerizing 




 Michael from Lakewood here.  The whole crew is pretty impressed and very proud of you guys. 




 I have a buddy who rides an ultra and I busy his chops all the time just for fun.  He's 33.  Truth be told I'm jealous because he's riding and I'm not, lol 




 Go for a straight forward traditional summer beer Czech/bohemian Pils are always a good choice.  Check for local ones NOT in green bottles 




 I'm so glad this is in my life 




 Wow. Topical humor and 16 years in the making.  There are people who are now turning 21 who can now go in there to drink who won't be old enough to get the reference. Still clever though, I must admit. 




 I'm a big fan of keeping it 200mm and under.  I actually prefer a 180mm.  I road the rocket custom when it first came out.  The stability in a straight run was phenomenal.  Turning was tough hard and sluggish.  It really depends what type of riding you want to do.  If you like a at straight haul go wide.  If you like a lot of twists and turns go narrow. 




 Who here has an awesome allergy specialist they would recommend.  I took to google a found a few, but I'd like recommendations if possible.  It's getting to the point where I'm loosing A LOT of sleep. 




 My vote's Frisco 









 I've tried it before, it fucking sucks 




 Cool,, have a membership, it's only 15 if you don't  




 3 stop lights 




 Just got a membership at Just fitness in Casa Linda.  Want a buddy, male or female, don't care, just want o have fun working out and someone I can push and who will push me.  I'm 29, male and training to loose some weight.  Cardio and weights and a little polymetrics/cross training would be ideal 




 Sad thing is, I got more pivoted due to a type-o than I have posting anything else.... 









 Central Market on Lover's lane is the best place to go.  Or any of the whole foods.  Lakewood brewing has a couple bombers out right now and word is in the next couple of days they'll be releasing a bourbon aged version of their imperial milk stout. 
























 RHCP Blood Sugar Sex Magic 




 Congrats to the top of the board.  Your friend Michael from Dallas, then Mesa AZ, and, unfortunately back to Dallas soon here to wish you Congrats on the whole trip. 




 Would be awesome in /r/unexpected 




 No lie, I immediately saw your pic and went "Hey, Bill Nye" then hung my head in my own wrong shameful ness 




 I'm sorry I can only up vote that once 




 All I get when I try to load Bacon Reader is an error that says 410 UnAuthorized..  Anyone else having these problems.

Also, about 60% if not more of the time gif's don't work.  Does anyone know of any solutions? 




 Why the hell is every dessert "pudding"? 




 BRILLIANT 









 Well, that explains why Gemma is always...  Living on the edge 




 Seen your bike here and love it.  Just a personal opinion, take it for whatever you want.  A front turn signal replication kit would move your signals down to the front forks and clean up those nice ape hangers a lot

Edit: but seriously, I love your street bob 




 Jim Vs Dwight 




 I'm actually afraid to click the link, I don't want to be one of the last things I hear before bed 














 My story is a little odd but fitting.  I apparently had a sleep walking problem I never knew about until one particular night my junior year (maybe senior I can't remember) of high school.  

I woke up, shaving, in the shower.  I normally shaved in the shower to save time.  Half of my face was cleanly shaven, no Knicks or, finished my shower and dried off.  I realized I had no idea what time it was so I hurried.

I saw that it was 1:00 and freaked out thinking I over slept by hours and was afraid of getting in trouble.  I jumped into my clothes, grabbed my back pack and ran out the door.

It was dark out.  1am.  But hey, at least I was already dressed and shaved for the day. 




 I agree, grooved concrete is bad enough on a bike.  But a quick stop, downhill, possible wet, over a drain?  I'll find a different route on a bike 




 Were there any clues in the final season to Tommy's identity before the reveal in the final scene?  Did I miss them? 




 How so?  I've been in Harley sales.  When it comes down to it, your going to do one of 3 things after you buy the bike.  1) Your going to ride it and maintain it damning the cost 2) your going to ride it, not maintain it, not respect your machine and let it go to Shit, or 3) let it sit and rot in your garage.

Any hobby worth doing is going to get more expensive as you immerse yourself further into it.  Fact of life. 




 All in all, if you do your own maintenance, expect to pay between 8-10k for the bike and expect  the same in parts 




 Really I don't intend any disrespect in my response.  But if you're the type to ask "Is it worth the cost of  maintenance?" I suggest a different hobby.

Woodworking:  oh wait.  Saws have to be maintained and lumber isn't cheap.  Oh, and safety gear.

Maybe try hiking: but then you have trail fees, safety gear, books to buy, camping equipment if you get really into it.  Plus all the time you have to take off of work for trips.

Maybe canoeing or kayaking.  Your initial up front cost is a $1200 kayak if you want something new and versital.  Oh and the carrying rack on your car, stuff for day trips, fees to get into national parks.  Oh yeah and safety equipment like beacon lights and life preservers.  Don't forget paddles, they cost too.

Shit that's expensive too.

Everything you do is going to cost money.  Every easy to get your ass out and experience something is going to cost you.  Get educated, get prepared, then say fuck it and enjoy your self.  

But don't forget to but a helmet.  




 Good eye.  You do have to add in quite a bit for the 3imch BDL primary drive, that'll run you up.  If your not doing the work your self estimate a min. Of $60 an hour for labor.  Might get a better labor deal from a local bike shop than a Harley shop. 




 Could be retitled /r/momsofoldschoolcoolsubscribers 




 Da FUCK did I just read? 




 I feel like he's replacing a list of talented pop Shit with talentless pop Shit 




 Favorite MFC girl 




 Probably the most hauntingly addictive random sub I've seen so far 




 Still cute though 









 He looks better as a Tranny, is that weird? 




 Worlds hottest 5 head 




 I'd believe it.  I went to Plano Senior High School.  When I graduated in 2002 we had 22 soda vending machines in the school cafeteria 




 Not cool dpenton, you shouldn't "Tug" on somebody's emotions like that 




 Bit Torrent it is then Walberg 




 Have a good link to watch the shield online? 




 Jax and Opie getting into some serious trouble as kids 




 I concure, I've discovered some serious foreshadowing in a couple Monologs 




 How do you think Wendy will go out? 




 I don't really think Sutter would have a problem writing her off in the last episode.  He's given her such av spotlight for so long what an epic ending for a character 




 Jax, Nero and Juice took the whole episode, but Juice took it the most 




 An eye for balancing books like Bobby...?  I see what you did there. 




 What ever I can do to help ;) 




 He's from Houton, they do that down there

EDIT: My bad, thought your comment was from a different post I had made earlier, that's what I get for day drinking while on reddit on my day off. 

I have no actual knowledge whether or not this kid is from Houston.

But.... Seriously...  Houston Sucks, fuck those guys 




 Your the kind if weirdo I want to be working next to in a kitchen all day 




 A red neck kid pretending to be even more red neck.....  And he's way to young to have a belt hanging out from under his shirt...  He'll make for an awesome redditor one day 




 Why would Nero know the whole truth about JT? 




 How about the basement of the Alamo? 




 Poopflinger

That is all 




 Yeah, looks more like JT 




 Pretty sure they had an old episode of Rescue 911 about this same scenario 




 I really didn't intend it to be that.  I grew up Catholic and my dad's step mother had that same type of voice just not as strong.  Everyone I hear Katy Sagal sing it just take me to that memory 




 That's what I thought, but I feel like there was more buzz on here about Tig being the rat than anyone else 




 We've all be discussing who the rat is over the last several weeks.  At first I was annoyed at this topic being dominated by nothing but a bunch of fan theory, but I soon fell privy to it as well.

I've seen almost no discussion on the reveal of Borosky being the rat and anyone's opinion.  Anyone feel cheated at a weak reveal or let down it wasn't a member?  

"Trust me, in here, all I am is somebody's asshole" 




 Wouldn't be surprised if it was just Sutter's way of being funny while extending the table 




 Agreed about the 4th wall.  I think that's my biggest problem with it.  

I also have stylistic issues.  Her sound is very mid 80's gospel country (that's not a shot, I promise). It doesn't really seem to fit the show.  

If she were the lady in the pew behind me at Sunday church I'd be amazed. 




 That's the only thing that makes sense to me 




 No idea 




 The only thing I can guess is 1) people were offended at George RR Martin whipping it out in front of Butters and Scott Malcinson, and constantly taking to two other boys about penises 2). George RR Martin hearten to sue, or 3) crazy government conspiracy and the Fedb didn't want people seeing the biggest shopping day of the year portrayed in such a horrible light 




 I get most of these, I see why.  But Casa Bonita, why the hell would they remove that one 




 The part where you say the man beating another human about the had with a Knight stick was unarmed 




 There is no Gemma, only Zuul 




 Best line in the whole damn show 




 Just not how to clean 




 Seen this on I think 4 sub's now, 2 days till it hits face book.  I think more people will see the one dude's ass more than the Kardashian.  Think these guys may have really broken the internet.  And possibly one of my ribs from laughing. 




 Would be an awesome repost in /r/unexpected 




 In a big fan of the basics.  18/10 stainless steel.  Get your pan hot (never rip on full high). Once your pan is hot, add a small amount of fat (clarified butter is best) wait it that to get hot, then sear 




 But can he make a decent cup of coffee? 




 Its time to stop.... Now...  Mike? 




 She is the former wife of 2 founding members, but at the end of the day she is just an old lady, a very scary, (shudders) scary old lady 




 But it would be pretty gratifying seeing her alone 




 Yes, yes you are 




 Zoom in, there's a pasty.  You know, not that I looked or anything.... 




 That never occurred to me.  Good observation, fits in with a lot of the theme of this episode 




 First time I thought it was since he (Venus) wasn't in make up and hair his masculine features shows and it freaked Tig out.  Getting through the episode and seeing their interaction changed that for me.

I think it was dealing with the guilt of Bobby and nerves over the show down at the AB compound.  Venus asks Tig if (s)he'll see him later and he replies, "yeah, maybe"

I think he was nervous about heading to a shoot out ambush where he knew he could have been killed.  Tig knows first hand (pardon the Bobby pun) Mark's guys aren't scrubs. 




 In which case Jax goes to the Mayans club House and Alvarez is in a paper box fort, "You know ese, your authority is not recognized in Fort Kick Ass" 




 I've been thinking the same thing.  Juice wants back in, sons need an insider.  This is Juicey Boy's home now. 




 It was such a bad ass shot 




 It's pretty sad that you're being downvoted for being clever and using real quotes.  Someone quotes "Shenanigans" for the thousandth time in Reddit, and everyone loves it, but apparently there are dumbasses here who don't grasp the concept of repeater. 




 4 peaks brewery for a pretty bad ass brunch on the weekends 




 It had plugins, toolbars and what not, but also a ton of viruses and malware 




 Probably the only intense scene in the film 




 I was going to say the Oakland Raider's fans buuuuuuut..... 




 Yeah, but, the only reason he helps Gemma out and isn't involved with her on any deeper level is because it's unrequited on Gemma's end. 




 It would be 5 years since the show started given Abel's age 




 The more in certain Ratboy is a fed plant.  Maybe not the rat, but FBI. 




 I can't upvote this enough 




 They were able to tell right away he was lying about the cutting.  The delivery at the end of the episode was very innocent. Jax knows Abel wants grandma to get in trouble, he'll put 2 and 2 together 









 Same issue, right there with you 




 I was with you until "or there will ever be one" tonight was a good example of why not to expect anything or assume what will happen 




 Yeah but the mirrored response was still pretty damn gratifying 




 Fuck yeah it was 




 Would be a good submission for /r/woahdude 




 If they are operating under a brewpub license they can sell, if not, if they are licensed as a self distributed or have a distributer such as favorite brands, BEK, or Andrews they are not allowed to sell for off premise consumption 




 Brewery or brewpub? 




 Was it purchased or free?  




 YES^ 




 But for it comes with the refrigerator ? 




 Also, if the are opening a straight production brewery, it is illegal to sell for off premise consumption.  Breweries cannot sell six packs or growler fills in the state of TX.  I just doesn't two years working at one.

And day they only let those who "donated" get growler fills, it'll be s customer service nightmare explaining to their regulars who didn't pitch in that they can't have growlers.  This just had bad idea written all over it. 




 Any increase in your visibility? 




 I recommended this to another redditors a few days ago and they like the idea.  Look up ChopperSwapper on Instagram,  give that a try. 




 I know, as an  amateur with access to a cable television show, I'm certain I could do better in writing a 7 season series with developed characters and deep plots

EDIT: Wow either a lot of redditors didn't get the sarcasm or got it and didn't appreciate it 




 Yeah I'm trying to save up for a build project, its given me a lot of ideas 




 Also a non reddit area: check out chopperswapper on Instagram. 




 The jizz of their enemies 




 I'm not putting too much stock into this, and when I initially had the idea it was to just troll and insight a you in this sub.  Then I started thinking, and my idea became plausible.

What if Jax is the rat.  He's deep in hated for day the club has become and what is cost him.   No one had more knowledge of what goes on in the club and what will happen other than Jax.

Jax is so buried in the guilt of Tara's death, the death of members of his club, and the legacy of Clay's gun running he wants out.  He decides it'd be best for charming and his family to dissolve the club.  He goes out in a blaze of glory, stemming to kill the man who he think murdered his wife.  Mark's bring an Overijssel is just a convenient way to pay the club down so far it falls apart.  After the murder of Jury, no other charters will support SAMCRO.  Then once everything falls apart under Mark's wrath, the club dies forcing members into nomad or other charters.

We all know after season 3 Jax can play the long con.  Dissolving SAMCRO from the inside gives Jax a way to protect his family, his town, and keep other club members from violence or prison.

EDIT: Plus this would be one of the most unexpected things Kurt Sutter could do.  I don't think any one is expecting Jax to be an intentional down fall of the club.  Pulling this out of left field would take everyone for a ride. 




 Jax was the one who offered the patch over though.  The orient of the Grim Bastards was the one who was reluctant. 




 I still am holding out that it's with Borosky or Ratboy though.  I do have a very unpopular third theory that I may or may not post on here 




 Crazy 




 If Tig actually is the rat (I've both stores guessing AND caring) this is actually the only sound argument over heard on this sub in regards to the theory. 




 You know... Most of the time people post pics of their family, and I support it cuz is family even though it might really not be, "old school cool". But that is actually a very cool photo 




 Rat or not (it very well could be) I hope they're is a plant.  That's the one adversary SAMCRO have been up against yet.  Fed plants are something true MC's have dealt with. 




 There's been instances IRL of feds going under cover though and don't things far beyond wrong to keep their cover.  Donnie Brasco is probably one of the more known cases, but also Victoria Steele, is plausible 
























 And there we go 




 Dawn of the Dead 




 There's a sub for /r/accidentalswastica we should have one for accidental penis 




 http://www.eyekandiart.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/green%20pearl%20w%20purple%20black%20edged%20flames%20harley%20davidson%20motorcycle%20custom%20paint%20set%20by%20eye%20kandi%20pic%202.jpg. Basic idea of the concept I mentioned 




 I've been in the craft beer business for a while.  I even worked for a brewery in Dallas for a few years.  The most aggravating thing was I had no coworkers who could just chill the f*"!k out on good, normal, well made craft beer.  Everyone had to have the biggest, rarest, most elaborate beer to find.  I love craft beer, and the industry.  Not everyone is a hipster, but unfortunately, they're there. 




 If you want to get eye popping with it, keep the same purple, swap the black with a light metallic green with a lot of shine.  The two colors contrast well together 




 Really just an excellent ploy to get beer nerds and hipsters to brag about having whale testicles in their mouth.  Way to go Iceland. 




 In not, but I might, BBC has always been the most impartial news source imo 




 As you so eloquently put, "you don't pneumonia from cold weather". However, a 67 year old man already had a suppressed immune system (fact, immune systems decline with age one past early adulthood years).  Also, cold weather does suppresses ones immune system (fact). The combination of the two would leave him more susceptible to the disease.  Also, I never stated it was fact.  I just said these were the two versions I've heard. 




 WE HAVE AN ANGER ROOM IN DALLAS !$ *!!-";%#+- #!!  Holy crap that's where it's going 




 Had an actual laugh out loud moment with this one. Thanks for sharing 




 That's amazing.  That might be the must selfless thing I've ever heard. 




 What was your biggest motivator over the 26 months and what was your final tipping point that inspired you to take action? 




 Troll 2 is the greatest bad movie ever made.  Easy to find on dvd online, and it may be in netflix.  Don't worry about seeing Troll first.  The two are unrelated. 




 Yeah, it pulled me back enough to take my hand off the left grip 




 Come on...  Who wouldn't want a 13 year old television with a busted power button that takes up a ton of space and always has the closed captioning on...?  Its an awesome find 




 Holy crap you're beautiful 




 None of them are absolute musts.  I just didn't know if their were any extraction apps.  Any other media sieves would be great.  It would also be nice if their are any apps to cast documents to the Tv 




 Yikes, that tops mine.  I used to work on the Texas hill country in my very early 20's.  I decided to get a little sun while out riding on my day off and lost the shirt.  I was riding right next to the Guadalupe River and took a cicada going about 60mph.  It struck me about half an inch above the nipple.  Lesson learned. 




 I'm looking to do a project build similar to this.  I'm interested on sine measurements.  What's the backbone stretch, front leg stretch, rake, and cup size? 




 I can confirm that, except it was a cicada 




 Didn't want to go that rout but I think I may 




 I just got my chrome cast in the mail today and getting my new TV in tomorrow.  Other than netflix, Pandora, and of course Chromecast itself, what are some apps that are must have or y'all would highly recommend? 




 Just shoot me a pm, here in the comments is fine too.  Remote doesn't work and CC is stuck on.  Its free, just pick it up.  If your going to just plug a DVD player or cable box into it, it works fine. 









 I've heard two different versions of George Washington's death.  The first the he didn't die of pneumonia, but of syphilis contacted from his mistress.  The other was that he did due of pneumonia.  He was at his mistress' when her husband came home, George Washington peaped out the window nude, in fear of being caught.  He ran a considerable distance home in the snow in the bare, thus contracting pneumonia. 

Tl;dr. George Washington would have lived longer if he kept it in his pants 




 YES!!!!!!!!! 




 No worries, I'm a cowboys fan.  Jerry is a douche. 




 Is it just me?  Every time I see Clay Cooley, all I picture is what Will Farrel would look like if he spoofed a used car dealer or someone running for state comp troller? 




 What ever happens I hope the best for you.  I was madly in love with my best friend in college for 4 years.  I told her how I felt just to finally clear the site and lift the weight.  I knew what her response was going to be, but I manned up.  It got a little rocky for a bit, but soon enough, we were closer than we were before.  What ever happens, I hope happiness for you both. 




 I did a basic factory reset after T-mobile said that may be the issue 




 Thanks, it's date night so I'll be spending a good amount of time tomorrow on this 




 Yes I do.  The factory flas on the phone settings or the kind where I hook my phone up to my pc? 




 Cool, I know almost nothing of what you said.  But excited someone had the same issue as me.  What was the solution, in plain terms, that a 12 year old could understand 




 http://imgur.com/MfHmRnR. Not that much actually... 




 I did have to switch it, but no luck 




 I've done both, twice, no luck 




 http://imgur.com/l2NXRxc. Here is what I have space wise.  I've done a factory reset it just takes me back to when the phone updated to Lollipop, didn't fix the problem 




 I think it's the melodrama in the singer's voice.  I don't know how else to describe it. 




 sorry, realized that after I hit submit.  I know "us" included peopel it wasn't supposed to.  I guess hwta I meant to type was, "People like Steve Harvey ruin the reputation of Christianity for those, including myself, who don't agree with his closed off, warped, sexist, homophobic and myopic views" 




 I really want to believe this is a joke or a spoof, buuuuuut........ 




 excellent, thanks 




 I think one of the biggest reasons to my understanding, was the Judea was expecting more of a more, for lack of a better word, epic Messiah.  I'm having a hard time finding the right words, but to my understanding, the expectation was to be more majestic showing of who the Messiah was.  The concept of a pour carpenter's son, who traveled by foot, and taught peace and patience was unexpected and a little too radical to be believable. 




 Oh no, I agree, there are others, I don't argue that.  But really, I can only speak for myself and the groups I run in.  Collectively, that's not a good representation of what all of us believe. 




 Upvote for the lyrical content and yeah, it certainly changes the mood.  But there's something about this song I can't get behind.  It's not yarling, but it's something in the vocals that kills it for me style wise 




 Cool, thank you.

So I'm completely ignorant on technological issues when it comes to this type of thing.  Step by step, what do I do.  Break it down like I'm 12 




 This guy (Steve Harvey) seriously ruins Christianity for the rest of us. 




 (GRANTED I ONLY HAVE 1 SIDE OF THE STORY, I still felt compelled to share)  I (or a friend of mine) can reinforce his absolute horribleness.  A good, trusted friend of mine is a general contractor in the North Dallas area.  He got called to Steve Harvey's Dallas area home a few years back and nearly walked out on the job.  He claimed that Steve Harvey only communicated through yelling and screaming at people and had the inability to actually communicate anything like an actual adult.  He was screaming at the crew, his wife, and his children the second he walked in the door.  He said that when his children came home, ran in the door to great them, Harvey held his son by the nape of his neck and said I, "I don't even want to speak to your ass until you run up stairs and your home work is done."  Once again, it's a second hand account, but I trust this person fairly well. 




 Is this the same as a factory reset?  I did one of those about 2 weeks after the update and all it did was reset it to when the phone updated to Lollipop, so not an actually factory reset, more like an update reset. 




 I've posted this on /r/android and have gotten no luck.  Ever since the OS update late November, My cell phone has an extremely low amount of memory and isn't able to make or receive phone calls.  I have a minimal amount of photos on my phone, few unnecessary extra apps, and have removed all music and videos.

Here is what I have:
A Google Nexus 5 in good condition, purchased on Amazon.  
T-Mobile pay by the month account.  
I've done the whole sim card swap through T-Mobile.  
Only 2.1 Gig of available space (prior to the update I had a ton of music and photos and still had 12 gig of space left.).  
The ability to stream just about anything using LTE.  
Use of WiFi.  
Ability to make and receive text messages.  

What i don't have
Insurance on the phone (since purchased in full on amazon, learned my lesson there).  
The ability to make and receive phone calls.  

I've been to 3 different T-Mobile stores and no one's been able to help so far.  Does anyone have a definitive solution to this problem??? 




 So I spent about 45 seconds looking for the hidden vulgar message... 




 At least there's the happy ending of Jax and Tara riding off into the sunset. Haha 




 I think this thread really applies to hire the note was written.  The bite served its purpose well, but just sounded like an idiotic threat the way it was written 




 She's batshit crazy 




 Buried in secrets 




 You seem very smart too 




 I can't imagine how bad it's going to hurry to pull those off 




 Who? 




 Forgot to mention, 30/m, I think it'd be fun 




 I'd be interested in Skyping... 




 Still riding the stock 80' with a 4 speed? 




 Interesting.  I'd love to ride that configuration some time just to try it.  Nothing aggressive, I'm a big fella, don't know if I'd want to put my center of gravity that high 




 More so than a springer seat? 




 Fantastic looking bike.  I've always wanted to know, what does the riding position feel like sitting so high on a posted seat? 




 Gew 




 Glad I could help. Merry Christmas (if you celebrate something else, Happy That) 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Montgomery  Depends which husband you're talking about.  Not sure.  Very few men deserve a woman of that caliber though. 




 Agreed.  Not just beautiful but talented and classy.  Bewitched was my mother's favorite show as a child.  On late night Nick at night we would watch reruns when I was little.  Had a crush on her back then, rekindling that admiration now. 









 Been creeping me the F*** out for 24 years 




 I believe the proper term in, "Yowza!" 




 I need that on a t shirt 




 How is this inappropriate for a 31 year old 




 That didn't take long 




 Did I just motorboat Dickbutt? 




 I am excited about that, going to wait a month or for the price to drop 









 Thanks 




 Would be great for /r/creepy 




 Call me ignorant (I know my inbox is going to blow up for saying that) but what does "Ute" stand for? 




 10/10 would hit.  Bikini girl wasn't bad either 




 *Le sigh* oh vista 




 So, did his amp go up to 11? 




 Maybe, at least they got a little cash and food from craft services for the month or so during filming.  At best, a permanent job skill and connections. 









 Plus, just because TM gets sold doesn't mean he'd lose his job, plenty of businesses get sold with little or no staffing changes 




 I find it interesting (I really do, no judgment passed) that many people who posted on this thread who hate their children never wanted them.  It seems that the child did not much more than be a child, the parent hates them because they never wanted to be a parent in the first place.  It really has little to do with anything the child has done. 




 Where's the Tim Horton's? 




 Any idea at all who the model is? 




 Needs to be on /r/beer 




 I was very much hoping it was a jot dog from Portillo's 




 Agreed.  I've known 3 true 1%ers.  He fits the bill.  I'm so glad his character held true through the whole series.  Props to KS for writing his character true through the whole series.  And even more so to Emilio Rivera for executing him so well 




 Good catch, you're right.  I completely forgot.  So he didn't give up his only son, but still has one son killed to make things even. 




 Glad I'm not the only one who remembers 




 Wow, going through the most recent events  in my life.  EAP is so correct 




 Half Sack, "Hey look!  Its an old fat boy on an old fat boy.....  Sorry"

Juice, "Gemma knows every truth, behind every secret, inside of every lie.  She is the gate keeper" 




 So that's what I missed.  Made the same mistake.  Got a 96% and couldn't figure it what it was 




 It was happy, you were right, which member want in the original 9? 




 The Men of Meg have a boobs to ass ratio requirement, and sorry, but you didn't make the cut 




 This makes me very proud, I can't wait to move back home next week 




 Yeah, I know what you mean, I hate it when my owner sticks her ass in my face too 




 We actually sat and talked for about 5 minutes.  I asked politely for a photo once he was done eating.  After that he asked where I was from/going.  We were in his restaurant and he pretty much asked me a customer service satisfaction survey 









 Keep going, stay strong 




 I was really bummed when the gig cut off right before the second guy gets clocked with the bat.  You see it coming. 




 Eh....  I try to avoid Instagram, cheating ex gf is a sociopath and make my life hell through it, even if I block she'll put up a new profile on their just to find me.  Its a Shane too, I was funding some awesome motorcycle parts through @chopperswapper 




 I wouldn't be surprised if some how spoilers for next weeks episode show up through my scrolling on Tinder 




 That's the exact reason I went on media black out when I got home from work, no Facebook, twitter, reddit, any online articles.  




 My only regret is that I can only up vote this statement once 




 I second that.  I also ride. 70% of your stoping power is in your front break which is our right hand lever 




 When he said he was calling it in and she, in short, said she wouldn't go quietly, I was hoping for an epic suicide by cop scenario where Jax watched from a safe distance, they make eye contact, and he nods once as to say, "Now is the time".  Gemma opens fire and 7 or 8 state troopers take her down in a blaze of glory, as Jax watches from his bike. 




 Go out by Lake Lavon in Collin County, thats the best riding I've found so far.  
 If you want to make a half day trip out to see a pretty bad ass landmark, go to the Baker Hotel in Mineral Wells TX.  The ride is just okay, but the experience of playing around and taking pictures at a nearly 100 year old, abandoned haunted hotel is worth the ride. 





























 That might be the greatest statement made today.  Thank you sir. 









 I see what you did there, hahaha.... "Place"..  haha 




 Pretty cool.  I'm not a fan of the red (not downing it, just my own personal preference) but the front wheel plays well with the fender.  I also like the continuation of the black streak along the entirety of the bike.  I can tell whoever worked on it put a lot of love and care (and cash) into it 




 Thanks for the info, I've always wondered.  I'll keep my eye on the website and Fatbook.  Anything new or interesting coming up for the dyna family? 




 Good deal, thanks 




 Great ride.  Educate me (I simply don't know) war sets it apart as "California" style? 




 Any chance for an old style up swept fishtail exhaust for the modern dyna family?  I love the old school style but the new performance. 




 TIL Monica Lewinsky is now kind of hot.... kind of... 




 I started on a Honda 750 ACE.  I got it when I was 19 and it was the perfect starter bike (for me at least)  750cc engine with a 5 speed got me around well even on the highway but lacked a lot of low end power.  In my case, the lack of power was for the better.  I was a first time rider off in my own.  Gave me a chance to learn to ride without the ability to do something stupid first. 









 Normally not a fan of the duece, but that's a pretty sweet looking bike. 




 You may possibly have the perfect body, just saying 














 Oh wow, You'll have it running in a few days then, congrats 




 Other than air filter or breather what needs work? 




 Much love to you, that's a fun bike and welcome to the family 




 ...my favorite bench 




 Good to know 




 I'm guessing because of the angle at which the tank sits? 




 The tank "lasts longer"?  Please elaborate. 




 If you do it post pics.  I'm curious how it looks on a  bagger 




 Seriously, if I had met you before, and met you after, I wouldn't know it's the same person  




 Check out jpcycles.com or the drag specialties fat book 




 Taste so good make a grown man cry 




 You're welcome.  What style of filter and breather are you going for? 




 I'm looking at starting school for nursing in the fall.  I have 3 semesters of prerecs' before I'm even applying to nursing school.  I was wondering if the Navy provides nursing school, or only accepts graduates?  Trying to explore all of my options and interested in serving. 




 I think it looks great.  Really brings back the old style.  Are you thinking of lower the back end at all, it me help bring the lines and shape together, make things more continuous... 




 Any loss is a victory.  25 lbs is also a big deal.  Keep on going. 




 He'll yeah it's the best place for kolaches.  God bless Texas 




 Slow Loris making a come back! 




 Probably too wide 




 And this is why the show is more intelligent than people give it credit for 




 N64 GoldenEye
Edit: all of puberty, most of highschool, and enough in college to lower my GPA .2 at least 




 I don't think it's down vote worthy,  but disagree.  Was their over acting....Sure, bit I think that scene was one of the better delivered scenes early on. 




 Sin Mint is still on tap at Whole Foods Park Lane.  No where near FW I know, but just letting folks know it's out there if they want it. 




 I had to do a shot and a beer to settle after watching it 




 Probably Jimmy Smitts greatest moment as an actor. 




 The final scene of Na Triobloidi: Jax screaming on his knees on the docks was a rough watch.

Also, What a Piece of Work Man Is:  The scene by the van where we see Tig saying goodbye and Happy crying.  There is something heart wrenching in the moments through the series when  see Happy crying or upset.  I think it's because both, so often he is the comic relief and also he is such a hardened, cold person.  Seeing the contrast is even more devestating. 




 After a few years in the industry if come to find out the ever elusive female craft brewer is a smoking hot ticket.  That's a job you have to be incredibly passionate about.  Educated and willing to do dirty work and get sweaty is also a must. 




 Chicago! I lived there for nine months during  their second worst winter about 4 years ago,  would kill to move back 




 How... wait.... wha.... I just... I dunno 




 I only see some In white  and someone in blue....? 




 A lady on the streets and a Sikh in the bed 




 I have my first "first date" in a long, long time coming up.  I live in Plano and am accustomed to going out in east Dallas.   My date lives in McKinney near Frisco and I'm looking for a unique idea of where to take her near her area.  She's not much of a drinker and a vegetarian, providing a very slight challenge to my normal night out to the pub.  Does anyone have good ideas? 




 Aww.....  I miss the 90's 




 Awesome bike, what's your up, out, and rake? 









 I know, it's a lot of nothing until the last three seconds,  then BAM 




 All I could hear in my head was, "3...2...1... WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" 




 The amount of skill and control the person has over their knife is impressive. 7 years in kitchens and I've never seen that kind of control 




 Hey Highvolts, did you ever think when Bugs Bunny dressed up like a girl bunny,  that he was kind of hot?  




 My bad, saw the post of face book, chef friends were posting it there abs right redditv would enjoy 









 I'm having a hard time finding an app I like to keep track of my workout routine.  I just started working out and have an organized weekly schedule and routine for when I go in, but would to keep better track of weight, reps and sets. Using my phone would be nice.  Having a book and pen is one more thing to keep track of in the gym.  What does everyone here use? 




 I see the laptop pic, but where's the guy? 




 Hands down my favorite Clyde moment 




 Agreed about agnostics.  I've dated atheists before,  it was a brick wall, never again 




 I call BS on your theory, they both drive POS cars 




 ELI5 why everyone talks to me like I'm an idiot 




 TIL I must be God.  I cry, boobs appear AND I get fed!  I shit and someone else cleans it up.  Plus all of the big people place %100 of their focus on me. 




 It's not a tumor 




 It has been for me too.  But, if I were living in Chicago again where there's a Catholic Church in every neighborhood I would stress about it.  It's a little different here.   The number of Catholics in North Texas is reletively high per capita, but mostly due to a very aging population and immigrants coming from socially Catholic cultures. 




 I don't know if this particular problem rears it's myopic head all over, but I've noticed this problem over the last few years here in the Great state of Texas.  I'm a proud Catholic and have grown up here.  We have our fair share of Catholics here in the Dallas area, but I am still in the protestant bible belt none the less.

Due to my commitment to my career and odd schedule, I've had to resort to online dating.  I don't limit myself to only dating Catholic Women, but practicing Christian or Jewish is a must.

One problem I consistently run into is the narrow mindedness against the Catholic Church.  The best and most recent example I can give occurred last night.  I had been taking to this wonderful woman for a few days now and she apparently missed me identifying myself as Catholic on my profile.   Her response when I told her what church I attend was one of shock.  

She asked if I was only supposed to be dating someone who was Catholic.  I responded no, and that I wished to be married in the Catholic Church and raise my own children Catholic,  but she wouldn't have to convert.  Her response was that,  "She wouldn't want that for her children because catholicism is too extreme"  

I wasn't going to fight it.  I wasnt going to get into a conversation on apologetics.

I'm not sure how to handle this.   Die anyone else feel the adult dating challenges.  It has interfered with a previous long term relationship.  How do y'all handle dating outside of your faith? 

TL;DR I'm catholic,  facing challenges of not having a large dating pool of Catholic Women.  I date protestants and it doesn't work due to narrow mindedness on their part.  What do I do? 




 And what ever sploosh is for men.  Which I guess is just sploosh....  But with semen. 









 Oh please tell me this is going to /r/photoshopbattles 




 Global population control 




 I didn't so much in the beginning.   Her last two seasons when she started lying and causing problems I lost my likeness for her.  




 Lakewood Brewing Co. (Dallas, TX) The Temptress Imperial Milk Stout  




 It seems the more things advance,  the more stuff we have.   Anybody ever notice a household product that everyone owns that is really just a rip off or a scam? 




 This thread section is why I love reddit 




 Android user here.  With all of the vast amounts of free information on them internets, the play store can't be the only place to go for content.   Any body have any good resources.  I'm not looking for anything specific. 




 I've actuary said,  "Young people's music sucks" and meant it.  




 I had the same thought, would wet myself if that was the case 









 Hey look!  It's an old fat boy on an old Fat Boy......    sorry 




 I'm gonna dunk my balls in your mouth.  Your gonna gag, I'm gonna laugh, we'll be best friends forever. 




 Fuck Zach 




 Fucking Jenny 




 I'm so out of the loop with whatever Jenny is on reddit.  A l8nk to the OP would be nice. 

But Amy Thompson is a fucking whore. 




 The moment when suspicions are confirmed and you have proof your SO is cheating on you 




 Thanks, I haven't changed pillows but I'm washing all of my pillow covers tonight, I also wear a beanie when it's cold and a ball cap at work, washing those tonight as well. 









 Anyone know who's on the left? 




 That's exactly how I read it. 




 He actually did, I would say best short trimmed beard of the 80's 




 And fast, as if it were on some sort of highway 




 Kenny Loggins called....

Edit: Truth be told I'm a little jealous, my beard isn't that thick, keep it going. 




 My mom used to do that with chicken, broccoli, and cheddar.  I never would have thought to make a sandwich with out of it.  Awesome 




 Thank you 




 Thanks.  I've been focusing there too.  I've cut the fast food first and foremost.  I also drank my emotions away all through the month of December.  After making an ass out of myself at a NYE party I decided to stop drinking, at least until I've showed myself I don't need it.  I recently took up a job at whole foods.  That has helped me keep focus on what goes into my body.  




 Things got a little shitty for me this last year, but, at the risk of sounding cliche, today was my first new day.

Mid October I left home and moved across the country to be with my fiance'.  After moving to Arizona, giving up my promising job at one of the best new breweries in my area, and leaving all of my friends and family behind, I found my soon to be blushing bride not to be who  I thought she was.

Everything was wrong and I realized it 6 weeks into a new place.  I had found my fiance, the SheDevil as I now call her, sleeping with someone else.  As it turns out, she had been with him for the last five and a half years, and had been sleeping with him the duration of our two and a half year relationship.

I moved  home beaten down and alone.  I had given up my position at the brewery and my position had been filled.  But today I did something I hadn't done, but kept promising myself I'd do every day.  I got my ass up off the couch, did 15 push ups, 18 sit ups, and 18 squats.  I also ran 1.8 miles.

I know one day doesn't make a habit, neither does one week.  But realizing I can't commit to others who choose not to commit to me, I am now committing to myself instead.  Push ups, sit ups, squats and running every day.  

If I can do it depressed and 70 lbs. overweight, anyone can.  Keep pushing  




 Can't agree more.  Take it in to a local shop.  Ask other riders about good shops, maybe check out yelp.  I'd also recommend picking up a model and year correct service and parts manuals. 




 I vote you just watch the site and make an opinion for yourself.  If you don't like it, quit watching, I you do, watch it.  Do yourself a favor and stay off the sub.  People will fuck with you here, like subtly referencing Tig's fate. 




 I'm so I out of the reddit loop, didn't know this was a thing 




 I'm getting itchy to download some new music and I don't want to forget what to download while waiting for them to get back up and running. 




 So I recently made the choice to shave my head.  I'm going bald and pull off the bald and bearded look well.    I do however break out when I shave.  Most of it is on the site and behind the ears so visible to those around me.  When I don't shave I may have one or two if any pimples under my hair.  Any recommendations for a solution? 









 Meh, you can't expect much much more from someone who chose to be identified as "poopooslut" 




 Bless his heart indeed 




 I *sobbing gasp* just wanted a *sobbing gasp* division *deep breath* chaaaaaampionshiiiiiiiiiiiiip 




 I'm not disappointed in the Cowboys, quite the opposite.  I think they're growth this season was fantastic, including Jason Garrett's.  I'm disappointed in the calls, particularly the one, in today's game. 




 *sniffles* sometimes its good to cry *sniffles* 




 But he called a catch complete on the field.  NY replay office ruled it incomplete 




 Every replay I saw, the ball never got the ground.  But f*** it.  Still proud of the cowboys this year. 














 There's another app based program that is with looking into.  Is called 6 Weeks.  Its a conditioning program for push ups, sit ups, squats, dips, and pull ups.  Similar type of conditioning program as Couch to 5k 




 My ex has taken every single one of those photos, except you know, miss she's fat 




 Good being the key word 




 This is about the only way it happens.  Worked fur a dfw brewery for 2 years.  That's your only way in.  Be picky who you work for. 
























 I got all my nephews their first piggy (coin) banks for their first bitthdays.  Each one I got at things remembered and had their name and birthday engraved on it with "from (my real name)" on it 




 Extra gym class.  Detention as a kid was usually some hard core punishment in gym after school.  Now, in my 30's, gym time is time to zone out and improve myself, accomplish something and feel like a badass. 




 Excellent, thank you 




 Does anyone know of any clinics that offer immunizations and testing at a low cost.  I know low is a relative and undefined term.  I have no health insurance and am applying to EMT school and need to have a TB test, tetanus (TDaP), two vericella vaccinations, Hepatitis B, Flu and Menigitis.  Anyone know of the best options to have these done? 




 I was going to join in, but I think this thread is dying.  Time to jump ship on all these puns. 




 Y'all my car is slowing down! I must be out of.... carburetor or something. 




 I live in the U.S.A.  I'd have to say ours is Ground Hogs Day.  The commissioner of the ceremony dresses as if it's the early 1900's and places a ground hog (large friendly rodent) in the tree stump.  When he pops out, his reaction to his shadow determines whether or not we continue to have winter or move onto spring. 




 What day does your country celebrate and what do you do on that day, that really, to an outsider, would seem completely absurd? 









 He was so damn fast I had to rewatch it 









 I'm sorry, but your authority is not recognized in Fort Kickass

FTFY 




 Me Too! 




 I'd she were a president she'd be Baberham Lincoln 




 Or his series of children's books 




 Normally I'm very opposed to government over reach, but... ya know 




 Watched it on demand, Mike delivering a lightening fast throat punch was the best thing I've seen on TV this week 




 At least he would have gotten the Nobel prize for something 




 Your right *tear* sometimes dreams are all you have 




 Burn the house down and GTFO 




 Something happen with my dvr.  Not sure what, cable may have cut out.  During the commercial breaks it skips from when Chuck calls HHM to the scene with Mike actually running the protection job.  I never noticed the skip since I fast forward through commercials. 




 In The words of Bam Margera Fuuuuuuuuuuuunck this 




 I'm a little sleep deprived and have had 3 drinks on an empty stomach to Fall asleep.  I know it's probably bull shit, but I'm not thinking straight 




 Please dear God let this be.  If this is a April fools joke or satire site I'll kick somebody's ass I tell you what. 




 Howdy 




 Sure, go ahead and set up a profile, send me the link to it in a pm and I'd be glad to give as much feedback as you need 




 I don't know how your approaching online dating, the site your using, or anything else about what your doing.  So flying blind, here are some tips. 1) Take your time but be confident.  Forcing a meet up too soon seems aggressive. 2) Avoid talking about sexual topics before the second or third date, also seems aggressive. 3) avoid using snapchat and the like for anything until after a few dates.  You basically want your prospect to feel comfortable with you while still being confident to actually make it too and past the first date.  It's kind of a balancing act between social pace setting and taking the lead. 




 Reached this time on demand.  I don't know if it was a glitch, but my dvr missed the entire second act.  It also missed the scene at HHM where Jimmy is offered the deal.  Everything makes so much more sense, glad I rewatched. 




 I dont know, don't really care, got the info I needed 




 S1E9? 




 Okay, I'm thoroughly confused.  I saw the teaser last week which included shots of the parking garage scene and I've seen people post screen shots or stills from that scene on this sub?  I watched the episode and fast forwarded through  it twice and never saw it.  Wtf is going on 




 Seriiusly, wtf, how did I miss this whole scene, is it in the pimento episode? 




 Agreed, documentaries are for education, films are for entertainment 




 Agreed.  The special effects were entartaining for the first half of the film, then that wore off.  The effects remained good, but that's not enough to hold my attention.  The movie should have been called "Oh Shit Oh Shit Oh Shit"  or "Everything that could ever possibly gone wrong.... in space"  the movie itself wasn't horrible, but not worth they hype it got. 




 No, stay! 




 I know this is probably an unpopular opinion on reddit, but I think James Franco and Seth Rogan are starting to slip.  I really felt that was the weakest of all their films and a little too predictable.  The jokes are starting to just run from movie to movie.  Rogan started out great with all his other films, but unless they spend a little more time writing and a little less rushing movies, they won't turn it around.
 




 So do I assume the parking garage scene will probably been in next week's episode? 




 I'm seriously confused.  I saw the parking garage scene teased last week in "scenes from next week's episode" and I never saw this parking garage scene where someone pulls a gun on Mike.  Also the descriptor write by the cable company says "Mike's ability to complete a job is questioned."  What the hell am I missing? 




 My physical trainer had me do something like that.  The laws of physics were a little tougher on me. 




 ...really? 




 Bowser.  He's a 8 foot tall, spike shelled fire breathing dinosaur that commands his own army with a pension for kidnapping.  Not to mention a 10 foot vertical leap.  No good comes of that. 




 That's just realy depressing 




 Agreed, shorter and lighter pipes would make a big difference 




 I recognized the low end set up.  My first bike was an 04 ACE 




 What's the up and out on the frame.  Also, does the design obstruct your view, how do you see around your tank? 




 Honda shadow? 




 Too many sexual partners (one of them left me stunned and speachless with her number)  willing to do sexual things first date.  The other texted me dirty photos unprovoked the night before our first date to "get me ready" 




 If you're not really going to post a real question here, just don't post 




 If you can follow directions, Steak au Puave.  Why, got a date tonight? 




 I am and I have.  I was on it years ago.  Oddly enough, the trashiest girls I ever met while dating online were from catholicmatch.com.  I'm not saying they all are/were, just 2 of the trashiest I've been on dates with were from that site and said yes to 7 of 7 ideologies (including contraception and premarital sex) 




 It's shorthand for "redditor for redditor"  it's essentially a personal ad.  There is one for all of reddit.  I know some major cities (mine for sure) has one for their cities. 




 And if not why don't we.  The structure would be to connect and promote safe dating for catholic redditors. 




 You mean gloves like these right here? 




 What color is it?  Black? 




 I can actually hear you getting harder 




 I really think we need to reconsider bringing back the "phrasing" thing, guys. 




 There's not enough liquor and therapy in the world to erase this. 




 Did you ever think that when Bugs Bunny dressed up like a girl Bunny that he was kind of hot?

Me neither. 




 I really wish there were more unique HD'S on here like this one 




 Ew, this coke has gone bad. 




 Oh, thanks 




 Naw man, you just tell her the reservation or event is earlier than it actually is.  For example, if you have a table booked for 8:00pm on a friday, you just tell her the reservation is at 6:30..... on Thursday. 




 I do was with conditioner about every other day and cut back to washing hair with shampoo once a week.  Was cinitioning the beard with the same frequency.  What exactly do you mean by CO-washing? 




 Well I think it's gotten better. I think towards the beginning of cougar town she went overboard on the facelifts, her skin was frighteningly tight and unnatural.  I've seen her recently and she looking great.  True she's not the perky fox she once was, I'm just more for a more natural graceful aging, such as stated above with Jennifer Aniston 




 I've been there, I've worked for him.  As far as sexual harassment, yeah, it happen.  And I can speak for the fact that the ownership did  know right from wrong. 




 And maybe not sexually harass employees, practice illegal payroll policies, not steal from investors. You know, maybe not making bad desicions that get you in legal trouble in the first place. 




 I was really hoping for a topochico episode myself 




 I feel weird saying this, and I don't really know why, but, agreed.  She is holding together pretty well for someone her age 




 Not gonna lie, hope this makes a comeback 




 You're not trying to day that BB fans were over analyzing things... are you?  That's a stretch. 




 The increasing number of obvious face lifts.  It was most obvious at the end of friends and the first few seasons of cougar town.  She's let up since. 




 Your grandma is Dolly Parton? 




 No but I'll ask for one at work and see what they have (I work at a whole foods) 




 Well Chris Jones left and moved onto new horizons and kitchens a while ago, so did Ben Roche.  Richie is now the principle leadership.  I don't know if he will stay or not.  Cases like this, many times the principle leadership is promoted and offered a chance to buy into a piece of ownership.  If this is the case I think Richie would be a great fit and it would be an exceptional opportunity for him. 




 Do you ever rep up near Dallas or stick to central/south Texas? 




 What brand of shampoo do you use.  I use the main and tail conditioner but every shampoo I've tried strips it dry 




 You're in the wrong neighborhood 




 I interned in the kitchen and worked as a server there in 2010 and 2011.  At that level of restaurant the executive chef owner many times (as in this case) is a public figure head who is rarely in the kitchen.  The day to day leadership when I was there was Chris Jones, and Richie Farina.  Cantu spends most of his time working on other ventures.  The restaurant could easily survive, thrive even, without him. 




 And Lounge against the Machine is playing to boot! 



















 Reminds me of my ex's soul 




 Trapper John MD.  Serious spinoff of MASH about a character who hasn't been on the show for about 6 years 




 When someone you don't even know openly talks hateful, ignorant shit to you, just let it go 




 Clarity 




 7 7 7 7 7777777 




 Despite it only being 2.5cm in diameter, the human colon can withstand and abscess infection pocket the size of a baseball 




 A Remington 870 express 




 Stronger than a locomotive 




 Fucks given - 0 




 I pay a personal trainer,  exercise 5 days a week to loose weight and work at whole foods.  Late nights coming home from work I'll stop at In and Out for dinner.  




 Any healthy weight loss is a victory.  Keep up the healthy lifestyle 




 Holy crap you're beautiful 




 An emotionally disturbed twelve year old called my sister a wetback.  We are German/Irish.  We had a pretty good laugh. 




 Very beautiful in its own way 




 Your welcome here anytime.  We have a city and neighborhood for whatever your taste.  You'll find most  people here friendly.  




 As a proud Texan, agreed.  We are a state of people who in our history fought our own war for independence, then survived tough years until we were accepted as a state.  Hell or high water (and given the climate here were see both frequently) no one's taking that from us.  

I also feel sorry for anyone who invades Michigan or Illinois.  It would be the equivalent of invading Russia in the winter, there's no success their. 




 Holy crap 




 Very weird, I thought I was posting this on the ELI5 post of "Why do Christians and people of other faiths who believe in eternal reward become sad when someone passes away?"  Don't know how this happen.  May have something to do with starting my Sunday Funday with an 8% beer at 11am. 




 Very cool.  May be a good candidate for /r/oldschoolcool 




 Clean bike, but you'll have better upvote luck in one of the bike subreddits 




 Just the general shittiness and rudeness of some people towards strangers.  I get it, it's the Internet and everyone has an opion, but some folks are just shitty for no reason.  I just learned to to respond. 




 From being in the service industry and bartending for so long, people who are generally thankful, gracious, and just nice to complete strangers 




 CD anti theft protection? 




 Simply enough, it's a selfish response knowing you will never interact with that person ever again.  I've felt it.  You just know you're never going to see or speak to that person ever again after spending so much time building a relationship 




 There is a lot of warning signs people can look out for.  Whether you are looking for yourself or someone else  they can be spotted by knowing the list and being a little self aware.  In my case I noticed it when I was choosing to always stay home, sometimes in bed, instead of accepting my friends invitations to go out.  Staying in and solitude can be beneficial, but I was turning down every invitation so I could be alone.  Search signs of depression and you can find a list, just keep in mind what sources are credible and which arent. 




 I don't know of any science or studies behind it, but I've noticed the same thing.   The only explication I can come muster is the more people, and more good times equals up to more distractions from just drinking.  If you focus on drinking you notice how tired or buzzed you are.  The bigger the party, the more you are focused on having fun.

"It's way more fun to have six buddies with one beer each, then to be a dude with a six pack"  Nick Offerman 









 But, "Awesome" isn't spelled B A D.....? 




 People probably got tired of being sucked into engine turbines 




 What.... the... fuck? 




 Another chain but the nachos at Fuzzy's is good, just north of park on the west side of 75 
























 Today I'm going oem, but as soon as I have a few extra bucks I'm buying the piece listed above 




 Thank you so much, just bought a replacement plastic one since I'm in a pinch.  Will probably buy this one soon.  This is exactly what I'm looking for. 




 Yes Sir 




 06, 6 cylinder 




 3 piece plastic park pressed together.  The original lasted me 90k miles, now I'm replacing it due to total failure once a year it seems.  Can anyone suggest a quality part to replace it with? 









 Sounds about right, I knew ours was a couple. 




 The machine?  No, but I can ask.  I can however twach you how to you is.  It's rediculously simple.  I hadn't even thought of using it for homebrew.  Genius. 




 Meh.  Imperial Sweet stout made at 7.8% by an awesome brewery..... No fucks given. 




 Negative. S2E15 We met both of Lois' parents played by Cloris Leachman and Robert Loggia. 




 Or do I keep missing something?  The first episode I notice it being mentioned is the Christmas episode of season 3 in which Francis spends Christmas with Grandma. 




 Very true on the "Get what you pay for" stance.  I planned on going Paugcho with a 21' up front.  Please let me know of all the misc shit that comes up during your build.  Much love to an HD brother. 









 Let me know how the switch goes.  I'm saving up for a Softail standard (or custom) and want to make the springer switch.  Like most project I know there's going to be a lot of odds and ends that pop up while working on the project.  Keep us posted. 




 It's solid, I can dig it.  I do like the black and chrome contrast.  I saw you said you were going to go all black and those were expiremental pieces, but I like it as it. 




 What all do you have left to do 




 May be the best title in this sub.  Well played 




 See.. /u/Sheiko19 gets the humor of driving in Dallas traffc 




 So does that mean we can drive 85 now? 














 Upvote for title 




 Yeah, but I had a guy who was a reg at the dealership I used to work for (HD of Dallas in Allen TX) who could do it on a stock drive train with a 96' with a six speed.  No bored out jugs, no top end kit, no new cams. 




 Or, you know, when you shoot the springs out the top of you for tubes. 




 So I know this is the worst thing you can do to the front end of your bike.  Harley' are not made for wheelies.  But I still really want to know how on a bagger. 




 Be upfront and honest before hand.  Do what's natural.  Don't over think anything.  Sometimes don't think at all.  Have fun.  Be respectful.  Don't hurt yourself or anyone else. That's what I got for ya. 




 I have had ladies thank me after getting them off.  I thought it was cool.  Made felt like I did a good job and knew what I was doing. 




 1) have fun, don't be drunk, don't over think it.

2) high fives for the metaphore, just be upfront honest and direct

3) it last as long as it lasts

4) no clue, I have a penis 




 Different from woman to woman, that's one of the great things about them.  The one thing I would share.  Is if they feel rock hard or don't spread out or sink into herself when she lays on her back, they are fake.  Rock hard boobs are not always the case with breast auentation, but it's a sign of bad ones. 




 Well, it comes down to a few things.  The over all size of the guy and gal really.  If he's a very large guy and she's a very petite woman, vaginal death grip can occurr.  If he's small and she's a bit of a naturally larger woman in the lady parts area, he may not feel much.  But if both kind of mesh up in body type and size it can be tough to maintain stamina.  

You are right though, frequency or masturbating and style of grip can affect things.  It could also be the amount of time a guy has been masturbating with out having sex that could cause him to not be able to climax, with a virgin or not.  You just get used to how our own hand feels any thing else may be tough to get to finish with. 




 Agreed, and I hope they do.  I'd love to roll on a new street glide one day.  Have the ad ons planned out in my head and everything.  Just wish they had just stuck with the cable system. 




 Agreed.  A 110' engine with a six speed transmission is A LOT of power.  My old man has an 07 Ultra with a 96' and a six speed transmission.  As heavy as it is, that thing still flys.  If you put another 14 cubic inches of displacement on a lighter bike you'll be able to outrun most of your friends on older bikes.  If you throw a 120r on it, you'll be excited for a while, and dissapointed later on for a long time.

EDIT:  Don't be afraid to look into a used or older Street Glide.  The touring models over the last few years (3 I think) have had quite a few recalls.  They've switched over to hydrolic clutches and electronic throttles.  They've been running into a lot of failure problems.  Ive had two different bikes, one am 07 street bob, I've never had a problem with the cable throttle and clutch. 




 I never felt that Theo Rossi' acting tanked.  Charlie Hunnam's accent from time to time......   I wouldn't assign hate to Jax, I just see at as a total downfall.  For me it's more interesting just seeing how he's fallen apart without assigning emotion to it. 




 I'm hoping I'm just stating the obvious and you already made the connection, but it's a reference to the reaper.  And it being on the end of a M16 references the clubs roots being that of Vietnam War Vets 




 It's l I keep a game of Snake when you eat your own tail, but with cum 




 Meh.... things are coming back around 




 So the next question is do you take off the excess skin when you are 50lbs away from GW or wait until you hit the GW and be even lighter after the procedure?  




 Got it, upside to belts on HD's, graraunteed for life and almost no maintanenece.  Downside, loss of power.  That's all I really have.   Not cleaning and oiling a chain every 500 miles is nice 




 Too lazy to read everything (ironic In this sub I know)  But if you elect to get surgery to remove all you excess skin once you reach your GW.  How many pounds of skin do you think they'll remove? 




 This may be the most helpful post on reddit ever.  Good job sir! 




 I like that handlebar set up a lot more with the taller risers, good pick! 




 Yeah, I've heard.  And riding next them they sounded horrible.  Lots of creeks and squeeks.  One of the guys I rode out of Arlington TX with, his primary wasn't even properly aligned and he had no idea.  Couldn't figure out why it was so loud and squeeky  (more so than a normal 3 inch BDL, I'm aware they can be loud and slap a little)  He was another guy who loved bikes, had a ton of cash, but no actual working knowledge.  No judgement to the guy, but it's a bummer to see someone drop so much cash on something that wasn't built with any respect or love.  Even though the guy spent his $ at his own ignorance. 




 Are you asking more, "Why do some models have belt drives on the left and some on the right?" 




 Met and rode with 2 different guys who bought and rode OCC when they first hit their hight of popularity around '02 or '03.  Both said it was the worst $80k they've ever spent.  I thought of a lot of things I felt were wrong with that statement. 




 I love MDK, didn't know this was still a thing. 




 It's possible.  I thought the same.  The only reason a small bit of me was doubting it was a bot was the profile had 4 or 5 pics of the same woman, none of them professionally taken.  Most were solo pics, no selfies, only 1 or 2 with friends.  But fishy was the first thing I thought.  Also possible that it was a real person and just drunk late on a friday.  All of this started going on around 1am my time. 




 So I was about 80% certain this was a bot or someone messing with me.  The fact that a 25yo woman couldn't even spell masturbating right was was a pretty strong give away.  Not worth wasting time on. 




 She's an angler apparently 




 Yeah, thought did cross my mind.  I was about 80% sure it was a bot or someone messing with me, wasn't really going to waste time on it. 




 Jugs 




 I am a male, female sent me that message 




 That was actually the first thing I noticed, don't think it bothered me as much as it did you though 




 "All of them babe, you're so fucking sexy" 




 Also, apparently I don't know the difference between to and too... 









 John Wayne Gacy, American Serial killer, in the 70's I believe.  He targeted teenage boys, 3 of which were buried in the crawl space under his house.  For secondary income he would dress and perform as a clown at children's parties.  The clown character, which he named, "Pogo the Clown" was considered to be Gacy's second persona or alter ego. 




 Saving Private Ryan 




 Umm... The Interview?  The only "The Interview" listed on netflix in the US is the Seth Rogan film.  Please tell me you were referencing something else. 




 Man, what I wouldn't give to fluff her sleeves 




 This is correct 




 Over all its better for your body to take in nutrients through out the day.  Your body will get rid of whatever it doesn't need at a certain time.  Similar to water, a lot of people say you need to dri m 8, 8oz glasses of water a day.  It does your body no good to drink 64 oz. All at once, once a day. 









 And they cost 10 cents a piece, and we couldn't stop people from sending them to use racking up our bill! 




 Well played sir, well played 




 Rawr 




 It's one of our many graced 




 Probably just to say he was there.  I don't get it either.  I really wish The MLB office would actually enforce the 12 second pitch rule, I think more people would be in the stands if it moved faster.  Looks like this lady was just trying to get to her seat.  But yeah.... The fans need to be more active and support their teams. 




 /r/trampolines is pretty fun 




 Most exciting seats ever.  MLB wants to make the game more interesting I say drip all the nets 




 Why did the retard cross the street?  Cuz Nate fired him. (We fired an unpaid intern [he was actually that bad]  The next morning we found out he had heavy learning disabilities we didn't know about.  We thought he was just am immature ass hole) 




 Former employee here.  There was an incredibly generous side to him.  I had both seen and experienced first hand.  There was the dark side though.  I'm surprised the article didn't mention the sexual harassment lawsuit of 2010 and hardly mentioned the pending lawsuit coming this summer.  After certain interactions with him, I came to realize a lawsuit was one of his greatest fears (I still don't know why specifically)  What really dissapointed me I'd he really didn't know limitations and was master of reinvention.  If he had lost this lawsuit, I'd bet he'd be the person that could lay low for a while and rebuild a new empire later. 









 One of the many, Many benefits of having a beard is avoiding these situations.  I highly recommend growing one 




 If you want to spend A LOT of time working on it and A LOT of money in machine shops to get proper parts made go for it, go for it.  I know this is absolute heresy in this sub, and I may be casted to HD Down vote hell, but a mid 70's Honda CB750 may be a better project bike if that's the style and era you're going for. 




 That may be the most honest and real thing I've seen on reddit.   




 Wow, I really wish the original comment wasn't deleted.  Out of context this is amazing  




 Charitable and generous givers 




 I'd like to see a statistic in relation to divorce rate and couples who had stripper bachelor/ette parties that went to far. 




 Not exactly.  We (The United States) currently provide South Korea with armed forces to secure it's boarder against North Korea.  We are not in In a state of physical conflict with North Korea, just guarding its southern boarder.  Think of it this way.  You're a parent and your child gets beat up on the way home from school daily by a kid twice his age and size.  You'd like to teach your child to stand up for himself, but the bully is far bigger and a fight would result in a bigger beating for your child.  Instead, you just walk your kid home yourself, to deter the bully from starting anything.  




 Poor Richard's in Plano at Avenue K and Park 




 Wow, 3 whole people on the internet don't like the fact you don't like duck dinasty 




 It's what cream dreams are made of 




 How about, "Cass Blumpkin"?   Oooo!  "Citizen Dick Bag" 




 Amen 




 I feel the same way.  There's a lot of people coming to the family which is great, but seeing the same 883, 48's time and again doesn't do it for me like seeing the classics.  There is so much beauty in the classics that people put time, work, and heart into. 




 Did not know, thank you 




 You're not crazy, that theory is pretty popular (Brook's mother) my favorite fan theory is that the homeless woman is the Angel of Death.  Every time she appears it is right before  (and in one case right after) a major death, even appearing in Ireland.  She still may be the ghost of Brook's mother, maybe both. 




 It might be, the bridge kind of leans that way, the rest of the track kind of goes back to his more ambiguous style of writing. 




 Just like rain on your wedding day isn't Ironic, it's just tragic 




 Horse s**t.  It's about the consumerism and over consumption of bottled water destroys development in third world countries. 




 Most his are.  He gets pretty inventive in creating imagery with his lyrics.  But some of his songs seem fairly direct in his writing.  Be aggressive is about rough, forced oral sex and Flash Back (Tomahawk) is about child molestation. 




 Just make sure you use a solid bushing in your risers and you'll be good to go 




 Very cool 




 Yes 




 I was 16 when I saw it, 15 years ago 




 Keep it up! 




 You really need to repost this to /r/MURICA The fireworks and zebra cakes made my day 




 A friend showed me this picture on an old site called www.phun.org, thought it was funny, kept looking around, not really that "wtf" 









 Keep it going! Stay commited, stay strong, stay patient 









 Just repost post it, that's the easiest imo.  When you put up a title just make sure to put "x/post funny" somewhere.  Some redditors are dicks about calling out people who dont 




 Ohnplease, please x/post this to r/creepy 




 Inbred...

Ftfy 




 Any time 




 The picture alone is a good candidate for /r/creepy  




 As they say in Vermont, Gracias 




 Am I still the only one who is dissapointed the article doesn't even say what the motto is?  Still waiting in suspense 




 Huh, weird.  I always thought from the bottom of my knee to the top of my ankle 




 I think I can hear my bangs growing 




 Wish I could upvote this several times 









 Agreed, the guy's an arrogant drunk.  No matter what this situation is of a Dallas sports team, his comments are always patronizing or condescending.   As far as his public opinions, all he's doing is taking the popular high road.  None of his thoughts are ground breaking.  I agree with him most of the time, but he's such an ass I hate to admit it. 
























 I'm back on the dating scene and had some what of a lack luster experience last night.  With as many stories as I have, I got to thinking.  I know I can't possible have the most interesting or or worse date experiences.  So let's hear it. 




 I had a feeling...  Throw a pot reference in the title = upvotes 




 Normally I think the 3D figures look a little weird, this one is spot on! 




 Thought 69....?

Edit:  I stand corrrected.  Learned something new today. 









 Yo Gina!  I heard you were dating some guy who looks like that bitch, Amy I went out with last winter! 




 Do it 




 I really don't think you need the springer seat, it's going to raise you up and you may feel less stable.  Plenty of old school bobber go straight rigid seats,  reference any indian larry bike 




 And this is why there is a  "No Mary Jane before a job" clause on the rule books 




 Just nod if you can hear me 




 I've been asked more than once, "why don't they have seat belts on motorcycles?"  Or, "They should put seat belts on motorcycles"  after a frustrated and let down sigh I always try to explain how that's the worst idea ever and why.  Now instead of explaining it, I'm just going to show them this picture. 




 Damn.  I seriously love the tank raises on the nightster.  Well done sir. 




 I thought maps were supposed to be green yellow and red? 




 I was just as worried about the heels on the vinyl seats 




 Wow, one of the first HD's I've seen in a little while that nails the bobber look to a T.  Congrats to your brother, very envious.

EDIT: Don't change a thing, it all looks great together. 




 Yes to the super glide (I believe superglide custom) but newer model year.  TBars, thunder header tail pipe, wind screen on the front  




 Bummer, gonna take down the post 




 Pretty cool, but what did I miss as far as "unexpected" goes? 




 I believe I Love Lucy did an episode about this, reference that 




 If you want to get really crazy look into the types of fats and research that.  There are monounsaturated fats, polyunsaturated fats, saturated fats, and Trans fats.

Mono: Good for you, plant fats, firm up in the fridge
Poly:Not too bad in small doses, stay fluid, think canola oil.
Saturated:Animal fats, try to avoid when you can
Trans:Chemically altered polyunsaturated fats to maintain nearly infinite shelf life.  Human body doesn't process.  Horrible for your health, avoid at all cost.  SUPER TASTY ex: crisco or any other shortening, shit inside of twinkies 




 2 years of culinary school and 8 years in kitchens and NOW is when none of my garlic puns come mind 




 Same here.  After we cleared the board I went back out, took the big red five fingered balloon off, retaped, regloved and went back to it 




 Make it into a ring, or stick it in a ring? 




 I know right.  I'm in 30's and love farting.  I may go get a blast at sonic just to Rev up the symphony tonight. 




 Try x/posting in /r/beards. They may appreciate this 




 My proudest was surviving taking my finger out on the meat slicer.  It was Saturday night and we had a little over 400 on the books and it was about as fine dinning as you get here in Dallas.  It was about 2/3 of the way through my shift.  I was on pastry and prep.  One of our Souxs yelled back to knock out ten plates of carpaccio on the meat slicer.  I bust them out, plate them up and take them to the hot line.  While cleaning I racked my middle finger right into the blade.  I split the tip of my middle finger open on one side down to the bone.  I yelled, and everybody knew what happen.  I yelled for our intern to grab duct tape, a trash can, some gloves and our chef.  I was in the hallway behind the restaurant when Chef Tre saw me wrapping up my finger in duct tape and told the GM not to send home since "Mike knows what he's doing"  I wrapped my finger in tape and two gloves taping them at the wrist and finished out my shift.  After I was done I went to the ER and got my 12 stitches.  When I came back to work a few days later Tre gave me a "dinner for 2" ticket to the restaurant for being a bad ass and sticking it out.

Tl;Dr: split my finger open on the meat slicer.  Taped and wrapped up. Finished my shift, got my stitches.  Stuck it out like a boss. 




 Craft beer knowledge or Archer trivia 




 It has been for a while.  It's for customers who are professionals such as contractors who shop in high quantities.  It gets them in and out quickly.  I'm actually all for it.  Moving that much in and out of trucks in the middle of the parking lot raises probability of other people'people's cars getting damaged (holy shit I'm starting to sound like my father) 




 Super creepy.  I remember when The ring came out these were popular.  Still weird as shit. 




 Would be a great x/post for /r/nonononoyes 




 Good.  I'd have to warn you that you'd be one of many she's screwing around on and sticking that giant scorpion tail into 




 It's really rude to make someone who was hurt so bad the butt of a joke 




 Your actually right, even after severe brain trauma neurons can randomly fire off and cause muscle spasms 




 Does she live in Mesa AZ? 




 Been there, the stitching on the seat of my first bike split, had to sit on bungled down oven mits for a week 




 Good deal, thank you for the info 




 My only question is can you use those credits earned to spend in ges you've already purchased.  I have a serious boom beach problem 




 Well played sir 




 Astrology finally makes sense to me.  After seeing Scorpio it describes my cheating ex fiance.  This image catches her soul perfectly.  Thank you reddit for clarification. 




 Have fun 




 Pumping 5 hard inches into Uma Thurman?  I'm game. 




 While there's a lot of buzz on this post about the pipes, there's buzz about reckless bikers and dangerous riding activity.  The post itself points it out by mentioning motorcyclists not wearing helmets.  Before people start bitch in about bikers who don't wear helmets, they need to notice that when a rider doesn't wear a helmet they only put their own well being at steak.  When someone drives distracted by choice by picking up their phone, they endanger themselves and everyone else.  It goes back to the old adage about not throwing stones in glass houses. 




 I can't even continue reading their comments.  Their ignorance and judgentalness is louder than most pipes. 




 So, I'm curious.  How many people on this thread complaining about "scumbag bikers" drive a car and talk/text/ or check ANYTHING on your cell phone while operating a vehicle of any kind.  Be honest with yourself before sounding off or pointing a finger. 




 Or in a cage on their cell phone 




 Me Too! 




 I'm just glad I finally have an erections that didn't involve homeless people. 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Absolutely stunning 




 Wow you're good.  Not just just anyone can bring me to a climax in front of my mother. 




 Yes I know... it's this little thing called situational awareness  




 Holy crap, you are a genius amongst archer fans.  I never realized that 




 Triple dukes 














 Muchas gracias 




 Does anyone know who is in the red checkered shirt with blue hair? 




 Playing. Edie. Money 




 Or a great horrible movie 




 31 yo and Texan.  Growing up k-5 we had a flag in every room and said the pledge every morning.  I remember most mornings we also sang the star spangled banner, Texas our Texas, or the school fight song.  Jr High we said the pledge and had flags, I don't remember singing though.  In highschool we had flags, but I don't remember saying the pledge much.  I participated in Army JROTC all 4 years and we said it there, but I don't remember saying it in any other class.  The attack on Sept. 11th 2001 was my Senior year of HS.  We started saying the pledge in some classes after that once a week on fridays, but that was it.  I never once remember saying it in college and do not specifically remember flags in classrooms.. 




 I'm sure the go cart he drives to work has shit for acceleration but a great top. 




 I bet that dude has a great vertical leap, especially for his size! 




 DANGED.... OL'...   DISRESPECTFULL... MAN 




 I kept digging last night.  It's called The Slaughter  




 Danged ol'.. that's just wrong man, know'm  sayin.  Just dang ol' disrespectful, man.  Like flag burnin' l..  just no attention to detail man. 




 That's what I was looking for 




 No, smaller name, lower budget, was straight to dvd/on demand but fairly impressive and well done for what it was  




 The premise is a little to familiar but the movie itself was a lot of fun.  Came out recently in the mod-late 2000's.  Teenagers have to survive the night in a house but there's of coarse a curse that makes it difficult to survive.  The opening scene is in black and white and it's a bunch of witches dancing around a fire nude (of course).  The title of the film was only one word, possible had the word "The" I'm not including that.  Does anyone have any ideas what movoe I'm looking for?  It had an evil dead feel to it. 




 Which ep?  When Stevie gets awarded for politeness? 




 Want.... must...  have.... 




 Either one of you guys have done it?  If so pics?  I'd like to see the shape of the bike and how it changes 




 I just did actually last week, it's worth it though, just for the peace of mind.  I've had to replace a few of the motorsport plastic housings and got tires of it.  This go around yesterday was actually the water pump.  Took the thermostat housing off for easier access and to replace the hose that connects the two as well.

Edit.  Just for clarity it's an '06 4.0. Later this week I'm replacing all 4 shocks. 




 The Lemur got into the pudding cups again Sir. 









 So do you have head hunters that hunt tiny heads, or really really tiny head hunters that hunt normal heads? 




 Not to mention not stopping for a school bus 




 Worth it 




 Guy in the middle should have gone for the goat 




 If only he'd nut up and try for varsity  




 What are you talking about?  His butterfly stroke is on the ball. 




 That or he's really limited on pocket space and his wallet is poking out 




 I don't know man, I'm in the same boat.  Godzilla could be emerging from the pool and I wouldn't notice 




 You sir, deserve gold.  My only regret in life is that I have none to give. 




 ENHANCE 




 And the circle is complete 




 Maybe he just chose the meet as his moment to come out 




 I don't know,  tan lines is looking pretty good 




 You dont, it only kills you 




 And one old lady with a staticky sweater and it's "Oh the humanity!" 




 For such a creepy film why us this the only still that's ever seen on the internet? 




 And shots that are so washed out you can't really see what's going on 




 Could you imagine reading that when you're REALLY high? 




 Very cool departure from the norm on here 




 Constantly having to readjust, especially at the gym.  I have a constant fear that people think I'm just randomly touching myself.  But sitting down at the gym to stretch or lying down on a bench to press I have to lift and shift.  Even in a fresh pair boxer briefs, I still have to over stuff around when I sit in public. 




 Beautiful, good job 




 Upon starting a new manogamous relationship, require your SO and yourself get full STD checks, look at each others results and religiously use condoms.  If you remain faithful and an STD comes up, you'll know you're in the clear and the other was unfaithful. 




 Yeah.  Not my style but fits the lines and shape of the bike.  Post this and ask over on /r/easyriders see what they think better.  It's more of a custom focused reddit

Edit: typos 




 I'm surprised no one else has asked.  What do you ride?  Depends on your bike. 









 Hooray for small miracles 




 I don't think in this case it was really a choice 




 *Bill Cries* 




 Ooooo, maybe they cope with their horrible lives.  I would too if I lived with that Peggy Hill 




 Thank God I'm not the only one who noticed.  The scales are patterns pasted on and not well. 




 Your pedometer is an enabler 




 Good to know.  My ride is only at 133k and I've just installed the 4th one. 




 Where did you get the 6 pack fitness meal bag and can you post a pic? 




 Emma Fucking Watson.  Yes she is attractive.  Yes she is a good actress.  But when it comes down to it she's just another human being.  She has her faults.  Just like every other human being she has done something to hurt someone else or piss off someone.  Just because she was in Harry Potter doesn't mean she's an internet, gaming nerd who relates to us all.  She didn't volunteer for the role, she was a paid actress doing her job. 




 Found one on the interwebs thanks to /u/michalegraves6 




 Yes.  This time it was the drainage tube going downwards.  Wasn't just seeping it was a full on gush (phrasing)  This particular part, 2005-2010 are 3 separate plastic pieces pressed together and they ward under being heated and cooled off. 
























