 i don't buy it. delusional kids are easy meals.  




 don't take investment advice from strangers seriously. best thing you could do is put it in the bank. maybe look at cars once a week  




 do you have a piece of gum? 




 i paid $600 for a vet to hook my my cat up to an I.V. overnight. the vet knew my cat was dehydrated right away but still half the bill was for running tests.  




 wishing i was caught up in a bank robbery. i would close my eyes and put my hands over my ears so there's no need for them to kill me. the robbers would be so impressed that they would give me money. 




 why do Scotsmen wear kilts?

because sheep can hear zippers 




 rock paper scissors. the trick is, after awhile people usually forget about one of the choices and if you keep track of what they do then you will beat them 




 the ability to slide on anything, regardless of gravity and friction. all i would need is a running start and i would be able to slide along the side of buildings 




 we share 99% of our DNA with apes. so apes are 1% less smart then us. so imagine the species that is 1% smarter then us. they can make whatever drug they damn well please. so far DMT is the only drug we have made purely for recreational use, and that is some intense shit. our brains would not be able to handle the drugs these advanced aliens use  




 every sailor has at least one blow up doll (most are male because they are in the navy) and when they take gun fire they deflate them and fill them with helium so they float. they then tie them to the ship and the ship is unsinkable 




 i put my dog down when he was unable to stand by himself. i tried holding him up so he could pee but he was too proud for that.  




 don't have to go back in time but i would ask emma watson to blow me 




 i got poop on my dick 




 i wouldn't remember it  




 but when it's nice out it's fucking perfect 




 i potato 




 i can't compare it to anything else. some people say it doesn't rain much but it rains hard, some people say it rains a lot but not that heavy. it just fucking rains. 




 seattle: i guess i'm normal  




 WHO THE FUCK DOWNVOTED THIS! THIS IS HILARIOUS 




 work out everyday and you will feel better instantly 




 i love you 




 looks like i'm the first one to call bullshit. if two things compete against each other for long enough, one will eventually dominate the other. men have the choice of the litter and women will have to settle- whether it be for money or security or whatever they will have to settle while we can get what we want if we work for it. fat women stand no chance at getting an alpha male and will have to settle for beta, while fat men can provide things other then looks. i'm drunk and will delete this comment tomorrow. 




 i introduced my friend to 4chan and reddit. he is failing all his classes 




 one of my balls is a lot bigger then the other. it's from riding my bicycle into a car.

edit: wait, i thought these were supposed to be 100% true 




 don't be THAT GUY. just chill and have a good time 




 why do people (i mean women) care so much about their own birthday and get so upset if it doesn't go perfectly?  




 i just wrote this in another thread. one time at a high school party i overheard a cute girl say she only came out tonight to have sex with me. i pretended not to hear because i was a shy virgin at the time. 




 google it. don't downvote because you're too retarded to believe something that seems unlikely 




 i bought my friend in the hospital a e-cig and it broke the next day. and i couldn't find the receipt/ 




 there's a type of jellyfish that never dies of old age 




 i blacked out and woke up in detox in wyoming surrounded by drunk natives and not knowing where i was. 




 that's pretty interesting about the emperor. i wonder then if nuking a non populated area really would have worked the same. 

actually over 400,000 japanese died. half vaporized, half died later from fallout and such. 




 i wish i never started smoking cigarettes. now i can't stop 




 ok, speech therapist is right.  




 thanks. what's a logoped? 




 i can't pronounce the letter R and i have a stutter. this really makes my life hell. i've almost given up making new friends and no one will hire me. 




 based on your comment history, you are going to get stabbed. enjoy death asshole 




 since you paid for him, legally he belongs to you. take this cunt's ass to small claims court and you'll definitely win. 




 when is mothers day? 




 SO YOU'RE THE ASSHOLE WHO DOESN'T TIP ME! 




 wow i can't wait. thank you, doesn't sound too crazy so i'm not so nervous anymore. 




 i'm getting some soon and just want to know what i'm in for. i've tried shrooms a few times and some super weak acid once. 

what can i expect my trip to be like? i mean what was yours like? 




 aww fuck yeah . awesome thank you. i'm getting some soon and i want to know what i'm in for. 




 shit. i meant to put "AMA request" in the title.  




 i would smoke a lot more weed 




 oh yeah i forgot about that thing. but i'm talking about on a much larger scale. like a fire extinguisher that you can use on wild animals to get them high so you can catch them.  




 now that i'm thinking about it, after i payed and picked him up they showed me how they knew he was dehydrated. something with his eyes and the skin on his neck didn't go right back into place if they pulled on it. and they still ran a buttload of tests even though they knew what was wrong. 




 the tests they ran accounted for most of the bill 




 ooh thank you 




 thanks 




 you also have my ideas. my first idea is a weed gun. it's like a fire extinguisher but it blows out weed smoke. you can get animals high so you can catch them.

my second idea is jeans with velvet on the insides.

i have more ideas but i forget them. 




 how do you find a prostitute? i want one. 




 say someone who doesn't know anyone in the tv show/movie industry writes a pilot episode or something, what does he do from there? 




 "What the fuck?" I say aloud as i frantically search my brain for clues as to how i wound up in the middle of a dense forest. As I take in the absurdity of my situation I think back on the previous day. I didn't drink and I only left the house to get a pack of cigarettes. 
"Oh fuck yeah, cigarettes." 
As i take my first drag I approach my situation with a new sense of calm. I hear running water so i make my way towards that. 
I don't remember falling asleep but that's not new. I don't think I'm dreaming but I've never been able to have a lucid dream before. 




 how did you do that? that must have taken some effort 




 i would pay a pilot to fly me around the state so i can drop bags of weed attached to parachutes 




 that's weird. you lose a lot of water when you sleep so maybe you just got dehydrated. alright then i'll quit talking to you. 




 i have insomnia 




 she self serves when we play hacky sack... and misses... again and again 




 i live in seattle... so no. it was only a drop or two.  




 jack off twice 




 i smoked my piss once. i peed out my window and jiggled my dick to get all the piss out and some of it landed in a packed bowl. my last bowl. 




 i blew a smoke ring and turned it into a heart 




 would a lesbian be aroused by her own boobs? 




 pyramid apricot ale 




 i got the big scar on my leg from fighting tigers in asia as a child warrior prince 




 yeah especially since my name is charles 




 i also want to be a stand up comedian but i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R that well. i feel for you. 




 i wish i could give you more then one upvote 




 yes 




 women aren't funny. 




 i turned on the tv right when my dad came home and there were two guys having gay sex. we watched it together. 
























 Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive 




 funki porcini - purrfect 




 Devin Townsend 




 Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive 




 Tangerine Dream - Ricochet 




 CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album 




 Nas -memory lane - illmatic album 




 aesop rock 




 mos def - mathematics 




 Arkasia - Pandemonium 




 christina hendricks sexy

beggars and choosers 

undressed 




 kip moore 




 fun - all alone 




 Gonjasufi - Blaksuit 




 If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix) 




 cannibal ox - pigeon 




 bonobo -recurring 




 a perfect circle - judith 




 tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world 




 what made me realize i was dreaming was when a dog meowed like a cat 









 thank you. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture in this link should the tip of my tongue almost touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you very much. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture on this page should the tip of my tongue nearly touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you. on the picture in this link, which number should the front of my tongue go towards? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 i won $300 at a casino, then spent most of it at a strip club 




 i was always running away from something and my legs would feel really heavy, and i wouldn't be able to run fast enough 




 thank you. i still have some research to do but now i have a starting point 




 what's the name of waldo's evil twin? 




 so CO2 emissions cause greenhouse gasses which reflects some radiation back towards earth? and radiation is the same as light. do i have the jist of it? 




 so then why are you at the mall? 




 so the earth has always been getting warmer since it was created? what is infrared radiation? which way is the radiation ejected, back towards earth?  




 why is earth's climate getting warmer? 









 thank you 




 I KEPT SAYING "STOP" BUT SHE WOULDN'T. even when tears streamed down my face, she wouldn't just let me run away and lock myself in the bathroom. i think she craved my humiliation, she loved being stronger then me. she loved being on top and dominating me until i couldn't take it any longer and peed my pants. she just wouldn't stop tickling me 




 ross's is hardly noticeable, i sound like a cartoon character. that's a good idea though, thanks.  




 already have it memorized, that's how nervous i am. and actually if i think about what i'm going to say before i say it then i'm more likely to stutter. english is my first language, speech therapy didn't do shit 




 i was thinking about saying my nickname was "boston joe" on the first day of class, but didn't because of shyness and not knowing anything about boston 




 is it just me or does everyone with down's syndrome look like twins? 




 i say these whenever i'm home alone 




 what? that is the opposite of how i was taught. i was taught to curl my tongue backwards. i just tried your way and i can't do that either. 




 i'm 21 and i've had this problem all my life. i used to go to speech therapy for years until i just gave up (also have a stutter). it didn't do shit. 

how far back should i curl my tongue? was there anything specific that really helped you? 




 ok thank you. i'll have to go buy a mouse so i can do that. this isn't my computer i'm on 




 ok i'll try that, thanks 




 thanks. what's a driver and how do i re-install it? 




 yup 




 nope. i thought of that, not an 80 year old 




 yup. testicular trauma its called 




 THE DOCTOR SAID HE WOULDN'T TELL MY PARENTS ANYTHING WITHOUT MY PERMISSION, HE LIED. one of my balls (actually the ballsack) is a lot bigger than the other because i rode my bicycle into an oncoming car. when my mom comes back in the room. he draws my genitals on his notepad and shows my mom. he then says what size my balls are on a scale of one to ten, and then goes on to tell us what size his balls are. 




 shit. i guess i should have waited for an answer. thanks for looking this up, you went above and beyond 




 nosleep. that's it, thanks 




 that's a good idea but my friend is fishing in alaska so i don't know where to get weed 




 nothing to do with you if that's what you mean.  




 do you know the name of that thread for creepy stories? 




 ok thank you. i've never done this and i can see how this would be helpful. thanks a lot 




 hmm i'll try that, thanks. your comment might actually be helpful for a change. i like to write strange fiction but i'll give this a shot. 




 two problems with that: i only have one friend and he's kind of permafried, and i'm too self conscious for that anyways. 




 my problem is that i can't get my ideas onto paper. i can't even write for 15 minutes without getting frustrated and needing a smoke break 




 i'm too self conscious for that. maybe i'll put some of my stories on reddit. 




 the only drink i've ever ordered at a bar is manny's 




 ok thanks 




 what sorry? i think i've heard of tonic water. away to google i goooo 




 ok thanks 




 what is tonic? 




 double just means twice as much alcohol right? non clear rum means it was stored in barrels right?  




 what is that? 




 really? can is better then bottle? 




 i knew someone would say this but i didn't think it would be the very first comment 




 i hate all the women on the daily show 




 its just that i'm terrified of my parents smelling lotion on me or hearing the noise 




 i masturbate without lotion or lube or anything like that. 




 no but last week i started a new job and the day after my first day of work i dreamed that i would walk out of the store and somehow would wind up right back in it. this kept happening until a security guard came up to me and asked to talk. then out of nowhere another security guard comes up behind me and grabs my balls. i don't fight back but it hurts bad. i wake up and think this dream means that society finally has me by the balls. 
























 but i already know this... it's not fast enough tho 




 my pillow is too hard, giving me a headache 




 i'm trying to lucid dream tho so i stopped 









 well done 




 home alone - human centipede - saw   




 alright thanks. looks like i need a college education. reading books that don't cost a couple hundred bucks can only get you so far 




 that's just as cool. do you have any special qualifications that gave you an advantage over other applicants for the job? 




 i have always wanted to work at a library? how did you end up there? any special training or education? 




 because then you couldnt have this circlejerk 




 that fucking asian cunt. i would fuck her up 




 thats definitely it thank you so much my brother will love this christmas gift i'm sure. although i might have waited too long 




 asian women drivers 




 sent a picture of my balls to a friend i don't like, he stopped talking to me 




 i was at a party and this cute girl openly said she only came to fuck me. i pretended not to overhear. i'm so fucking pathetic 




 your ex-wife shoots up heroin 




 you really don't care that you could have ruined someones life? 




 you're genuinely a really awful person. you show no remorse for seducing a married man and you actually seem to be bragging about it. i hope somewhere down the line you look back and realize just what a terrible person you are.  




 thank you i'll look into that 




 the doors - lsd 




 alright thanks. GTA 4 isn't as good as those? 




 san andreas it is then, thanks. is GTA 4 not good at all? 




 would vegetable oil work? 




 does the bowl need to have steep sides? what did you use? 




 i don't think i have vinegar but thanks :) 




 good point from a good movie 




 DMT 









 i'm completely new to this... what's a torrent? 









 too bad about the fake tits, she's still beautiful though 




 commenting so i can return to this later. for science 




 commenting so i can come back to this 




 commenting so i can come back to this 









 nice try, troll. or are you just dumb enough to think that shooting another human being is the only thing guns are used for? 




 solitude. those rare moments when everyone else on my timezone is asleep and i walk through the park 




 i may not be as bad as you, i like hanging out with one friend at a time. whenever someone calls me up i make sure it's only us two kicking it. i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R, i think this is why i'm so quiet around groups of people. i only have one friend now because my other good friends got addicted to shooting up heroin and are no longer the same people i became friends with, so i ignore their calls and texts. i feel awful every time they call and i ignore it. and my other not so good friends, i finally realized only called me because they needed something like for me to drive them around. i guess i needed someone to vent to, thank you stranger 




 i was thinking about buying a fleshlight (those flashlight vagina things) and told a story about how i bought mine. i was sitting in my car on the street outside my apartment building in seattle, smoking a cigarette. it was raining and a homeless woman carrying a baby walked by and i asked her if she wanted a cigarette and get warm in my car for a minute. she accepted. her face actually lit up because i treated her like a person. we get to talking and it's obvious from her face and teeth that she does a lot of hardcore drugs. i point out where i live and offer to take care of her baby for her. she gratefully but remorsefully accepts, and i give her 40 bucks so she'll get out of my car and go buy drugs before she stinks it up. she hugs and kisses her crack-dumpster baby and cries as she walks to the food shelter. i lied to her about where i live and i just got a fleshlight, but now i'm thinking about getting one that doesn't cry and need to be fed 




 the scar on my leg i got from fighting tigers as a child prince in asia 




 i said "hi." 

then she said "hey how are you?" 

then i said "good. how are you?"

then she said "good." 




 provenance, merlot, napa valley, 2005 




 i have been so closed off and reclusive for so long that it's impossible for me to change. i want to change, but everyone i know will know that this new person is not the real me. i want to be outgoing but this would require a new surrounding with people i don't know 




 how much change does two weeks worth make? that's a lot of money for me 




 thank you for all the help. i just have a couple more questions if thats ok. for the acid, do you mean squeezing a little orange juices into the bowl? how do i get the ground up seeds out of the water, or do you mean to drink this mix?  




 what's a water soak? or is it just exactly what it sounds like? 




 what should i wash them with? alcohol? would water work? 




 you will need a backpack and stuff to put in it 




 what do you mean i'm funny? you mean the way i talk? funny how?  I mean funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh, I'm here to fuckin' amuse you? What do you mean funny? Funny how? How am I funny? 




 nice try troll 




 you'll have to quit drinking alcohol for a little while too 




 what seeds did you take? how many? 




 i don't think i'm going to wash them, just grind them into a pb j sandwich. i fully expect to get sick but i'm ok with that.  




 what seeds did you use? how many? 




 what seeds did you use? how many?  




 when you jack off do you only use one finger? 









 thank you for replying, i was sure it wasn't well known enough to find anyone but i just thought i'd try my luck. did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? would you do it again? any open eye visuals? 




 wow i actually didn't think i would get this lucky! did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? what seeds did you use? 









 youth - daughter

fatlip

battleme

phish

massive attack

portishead

Smoking Spore - Toad Patrol

tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world

bonobo -recurring

a perfect circle - judith

cannibal ox - pigeon

If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix)

Gonjasufi - Blaksuit

fun - all alone

kip moore

Arkasia - Pandemonium

mos def - mathematics

aesop rock

Nas -memory lane - illmatic album

CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album

Tangerine Dream - Ricochet

Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive

devin townsend

funki porcini - purrfect

Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive

One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos

9 Lazy 9

DJ Food

Cold cut

Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums

the tallest man on earth - the dreamer

MF Doom - Vomitspit

Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration

minus the bear

hopsin

woodkid - iron 




 thank balls. my day's getting better thanks to you  




 hopefully this will make sense in the morning. thanks 




 so would the lower number be cheaper or higher number be cheaper? 




 i just bought a rifle at a gun show without a background check or any waiting period 




 Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration 




 MF Doom - Vomitspit 




 the tallest man on earth 




 i got cold when it was warm outside. then i realized i haven't smoked crack in awhile 




 Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums 




 Nine Lazy Nine

DJ Food

Coldcut 




 One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos 
























 ctrl + f ghost in the shell, wasn't disappointed  




 why are they shouting at admiral ackbar from star wars?  




 a few days ago my cat was pawing at my stream of urine. it was the funniest thing in the world. i couldn't stop peeing and he just kept swatting my pee. so there's an idea for a comic. if you make it i'd love to see it 




 from a /mu/ thread, i want to listen to later

glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones 




 i can't pronounce the letter R... 




 how can batman be dangerous if he doesn't kill anyone? why do criminals fear him when they know he doesn't kill anyone?  




 waking up in a drunk tank surrounded by a bunch of natives and not knowing why i'm there.  









 GIVE ME BACK MY CAT! 




 why do you have a hammock and a tent? 




 i pre-ordered bioshock at gamestop, how long do i have to buy it before my $5 goes away? 




 please don't say get an eye patch and a parrot 




 thanks i appreciate you taking the time 




 thanks. i appreciate you taking the time 









 i don't know what that is. honestly i'd be surprised if i find out how to open my xbox without taking a hammer to it 




 horizontally. also the disc tray had a few tiny drops of water on it when i opened it. also my fallout game was soaking wet. i learned my lesson about drinking too much 




 yeah probably but it's worth a shot 




 i got blackout drunk. i woke up to it being unplugged, on the ground, with the bottom wet 




 thanks 




 thanks. i can't believe i didn't think of youtube 




 i don't get why people want signatures and pictures of celebs. it just doesn't make sense to me, and i'm sure he didn't want to be in a picture with you but he didn't want to be rude 




 i've been looking into ecigs. what do you think about this one http://www.vapedojo.com/collections/kits/products/katana-kit ?

yesterday was the first day i didn't smoke in probably like 8 years, so this is working for me 




 good luck on not getting raped 




 this reminds me, i need to look into getting food stamps. anyone know how i go about this? 




 what songing is playing in the background? this is really bugging me 




 which, as you said, is just a plot of land 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 if my dad says comments on my drinking, hide my drinking from him that day and the next day 




 oh my fucking god thank you. "i'm trying to save you a bullet" lol 




 i asked my dad for a zip (an ounce of weed). then said that a zip is slang for a full tank of gas.  




 trip wrong? there's no wrong way to trip. providing a nice setting is a good idea but it's not wrong if you don't do that. think of a trip as a trip. you're going someplace new on an adventure, but you get stuck in traffic. could you have avoided the traffic? no because you're someplace new 




 at least the one in front looks like it has limbs. what is the bunny equivalent of arms called? 




 liar 




 do you have steam? i'll gift you a game 




 i did it once. it was good 




 damnit i forgot that my audio stopped working. does anyone know how to fix audio on a laptop? 




 i don't know anything about computers. how do i do that? thank you 









 i sprayed warhead sour spray on all the food in my highschool's cafeteria. 




 he dead? nooo 




 whenever i drive with my gay friend i have him yell "faggot" at people in his gayest voice. it's hilarious  




 i like how he managed to get his longboard in every shot. i'm that that wasn't planned  




 asians are horrible people 




 thanks. are you a cop, lawyer, or have heard of a similar story? it was weed and ecstasy by the way 




 a friend forgot a backpack in another friend's car. that friend consented to a search of the car because he didn't know the backpack was there. just some weed and ecstasy  




 at least they weren't black 




 why didn't you just surround the place with treadmills? 




 girls think my stutter is cute 




 what is SC GOP? and where do i sign up? 




 damnit man i had a boner 




 it was basketball but with trampolines and pads. that was the shit. what's it called? 









 you sound exactly like i do 




 will your show get better? i gave it a shot, should i stick with it? 




 i loaned a "friend" 700 dollars, how do i prove that money exchanged hands? i have no proof 




 thank you 




 so where is mercer island? 




 i'm looking for a longterm solution though. that helps for a few minutes.. 




 i'm kinda pissed that doctors are taking pictures of him instead of helping hm 




 how many MCG's of vitamin B do you take a day? 




 how many MCG's of B12 do you take a day? 




 thanks a lot. so that's all i need to know? 









 what is the name of that first song? and the other songs too? 




 you... you funny 




 i just bought some and cleaned the fuck out of my room :) 




 alright thanks i'll look into vitamin D and fish oil 









 i hate you 




 lol this woman is retarded lol  
























 love the art, but can i please can you please share where you got this information.  




 i am a felon because i forgot i had my bb gun in my car and parked illegally at school.  




 fried cheese 




 don't you think its kind of inconsiderate to ask him for a picture with a crying baby. maybe it's just me but i can't think of a worse sound than a crying baby 




 i would look at her from a distance so hard 









 overnight stocking and shipment receiving at Home Depot. i work during nights and sleep during the day, so i start my drinking at 7am. cashiers think i'm a crazy alcoholic who never sleeps 




 alcohol 




 i need to stop clicking on these links. it's sad that i knew what this was going to be about before i even clicked on it. i even knew that the women wouldn't be charged, all before ever clicking the link 




 i wish my cat loved me that much 




 she won't get punished more than the guy she accused would have. they never do 




 at college i tried to go to my old dorm instead of my new one. key didn't work so i climbed in through the window. that's all i remember. woke up in a drunk tank surrounded by snoring native americans 




 get a hammock 




 that's awesome. i bet that saves a ton of weight and space in your pack. where is this DIY gear supply you speak of? 




 if you want to listen to the police scanner: 
http://tunein.com/radio/Seattle-Police-Fire-and-EMS-s145392/ 




 i hate what this subreddit has become 




 because old people. fuck old people. and also because these kids are retarded 




 i love how little kids don't know the "roll down the window" sign because they've only seen power windows 









 i've never had that much fun at walmart. i want meth 




 is that what a front ass is called? 




 is it just me, or would hundreds of angry protesters decrease the chance of the police in india getting the right guy in favor of just someone who doesn't have an alibi 




 a sociopath evil genius designs a house to torture and cause pain on the people in the house. 

Saw and Home Alone 




 i found my cat sort of playing with a dead bird so i impaled it on a stick and played with my cat. the bird fell off the stick a few times so i kept stabbing it to put it back on the stick so i could play with my cat 




 i want to put something up my ass and stimulate my prostate but i'm too much of a pussy to do this 




 the piss covered boxers and shorts. also somehow i got some of the piss into a cup. i'm a blackout drunk and sometimes i pee in my sleep 




 1,000th comment in this thread! 




 i thought zelda was a guy? 




 it's craigslist 




 the dealer requires $2000 to test ride. i'm going to sell my car to buy my bike 




 i can't afford a new one and i need the money to test ride. but i'm going to sell my car to buy the bike so i can't test ride it 




 thanks for your input. i won't forget you 




 250R because it would be my first bike ever. there's a forum just for ninja 250 riders and some people my height own them and love them, but i just want a second and third opinion. because i can't test drive it before i hand over the $2000 and i don't have that yet 




 i'm 6 foot 3 inches or maybe taller, would a kawasaki ninja be too small for me? 




 awesome keep recommending sliders when you stumble across one of the many "new rider, need advice" threads. i made post to raise awareness 




 nope. but i'll go back and check the threads i saved 




 i heard that for a beginner, one day at the track improves your riding as much as six months on the road 




 i guess my point is i just wanted to bring this to the attention of other beginners 




 i should say that i've never ridden a motorcycle but am about to get one. i just don't understand how someone knows when to counter-steer at low speeds 




 but i don't want to be one of those people. i like living 




 but at what speed does counter-steering take over? say i decide to lane split and have only one direction to go (right), should i counter-steer to go right or turn the bars right? at what speed does this change? 




 so anything above 10 mph i should counter-steer? i don't get how someone would know if they should steer "normally" or counter-steer. say i'm lane splitting and going 10 to 15-20 mph and want to turn, which way should i turn the bars? 




 also at what speed does it change from normal steering to counter-steering? how would i know if i should steer right to go right, or to counter-steer before it's too late? 









 i also want to know if i can sit on a bike without it tipping over.  




 i hate deer more than any other animal.  




 sorry im drunk. made me chuckle to myself. didn't mean it tho i'll detele it now 




 did you have to wear one of those sheets that muslim women wear? 

edit: i thought this was a valid question  




 starting a mold garden. like a regular garden except with cups of moldy juice 




 vice city 




 consciousness
parades - efterklang
the residents - not available
mew - and the glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
orgy - candyass
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones
welcome to the new age 




 and in another thread... first time offender and father of three gets 25 years for selling marijuana to a friend 




 thanks for the advice and link. i got ahead of myself because i'm too excited, of course i need to try a bike before i buy it 




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. of course i'm going to ride it before i buy it. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 keep reading 




 yeah i get that. it took me awhile to drive stick shift perfectly. 
other people in this thread already convinced me to take the lessons. especially when one guy said it pays for my license and saves on insurance 




 thanks i'll check it out. i found it in a pdf file, here's the link if you want it.
http://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/images/c/cd/Twist_Of_The_Wrist_I.pdf 




 really i didn't know it pays for my license and saves on insurance. that's great. thank you. you guys are pretty friendly in this subreddit, i like it 




 haha yeah that's a good point. thanks, i appreciate you taking the time 




 well i would have to buy the bike before i take the license test anyways, but yeah i think you guys convinced me, thanks all 




 yeah i forgot that bit, i put it in the comments section straight away. 250. no way i would get a liter bike for my first one. also i'm cheap so this would save gas right? 

i think you guys convinced me, i'll take some lessons 




 i honestly feel that i know everything there is to know for a beginner 




 oh ok. how much were your lessons?

edit: i meant to say over a dozen. i can't spell today 




 ninja 250 i meant to say

i've seen at least dozen of youtube videos, so i don't know if i need to take lessons 
























 from an economic standpoint, in a world without countries the currency would be the same. so we would be better able to help the sick the sick and poor right? 

thank you obliging my stupid mind. i would love to have a discussion about this but i'm pretty drunk 




 do you think that dogs have dreams when they sleep? 




 nothing that communistic. i was just thinking of either

1. countries without borders: which might make the rich richer and the poor poorer but would help the desperate. 

2. a unified world: which has the potential for disaster or peace 




 do dogs dream? 




 i don't know but if the love of my life looks through my stuff she will see people like me and will contact me and we will meet and then she will be grossed out but not before i smell her and take some of her hair 




 i just delete my posts that get bad karma. except the ones i think are funny even if no one else does 




 without borders everyone could be happy but there's a chance that everyone could be sad. with borders some people are happy and some are sad and the happy people want to separate themselves from the sad people.  




 how does this affect me? 




 i liked the story. don't worry about about knives it'll be ok 




 awesome! my mom works for the IRS and we're going to the movies tomorrow now 









 it's been awhile but i think i just didn't like their design. it reminded me of that old game Space Invaders  




 mainly i didn't like the new enemy 




 i keep thinking about gurran lagann because i dropped it after it jumped ahead in time. i wonder how it ends, but i don't really want to watch it anymore 




 i can't believe i'm the only one wondering why they don't just clean the bathrooms and kitchens? are all of them just waiting for someone else to? 




 i don't like it when that woman talks 




 i can't get food stamps because my parents claim me as a dependant, but don't feed me enough. where's my government assistance? 




 Darker than Black maybe 




 more like BUTTom lol 




 no its not. try it 




 evan williams   sriracha sauce. thanks 




 its good in whiskey too 




 you just told two girls (who i assume are friends because you have liked both for 3 years) that you like them both? fuck man. please keep updating this journal 




 there should be Underground Olympics. 

stealing - it can be an art and if you get caught, it can also be exercise. put the athletes in any store with any security measures and judge them on how cleanly they get away and what they steal. 

assassination - give the athletes a target and paintball guns

graffiti - judge on the art and the lengths it took to tag that shit

cop chases - think ghost rider  




 last night i was swinging a chair around because i heard that that badass ancient warriors worked out by swinging a heavy mace around. the chair broke but luckily nothing else did 




 go rob a church. unless you believe in god. then don't do that 




 when you truly don't give a fuck you would say "i would fuck buffy the vampire so hard she pees" instead of "i don't give a fuck" 




 RIP Mexico City council 




 This is why I always carry hot sauce 




 aren't you a little young and skinny for a bike like that? 




 i think the scooby doo shapes taste better than plain old noodle shapes.  




 maybe i'm a lightweight but it would take me over a week to drink all that icewater 




 i just wanted tissues
 




 i'm looking at KLR650's as my first bike... what's this doohickey mod?  




 i'm in the same boat as you OP. i actually fit your description too. i've been looking at KLR 650s and DR650s so far. they seem to be pretty cheap and durable.  




 what's farkle mean? 




 what's a valve? 




 Whats a good one? 




 thank you for this, helps a lot. money is my main concern so i think i'm getting a KLR 




 yeah i would like a DRZ more but it's a lot more expensive.  




 i'm missing something 




 which is better for a 6 foot 3 tall person? 

which is easier for a beginner to ride? 

which is more durable/long lasting? needs less maintenance?  




 why flatten the tires? 









 how did the photographer get in the stall? 




 wheelie  




 Thanks. Which one were you talking about though? 




 what's the difference between a dual sport and supermoto? 




 i loaned $500 to a "friend" and now she's ignoring my calls and texts except for when i call from a different phone, then she hangs up. i have no way to get the money back because she moved 




 but now what are they going to rape? oh yeahh 




 what is it? 




 i took speech therapy for about 3-4 years (elementary and middle school) and that only made my problem and anxiety worse because it was always on my mind. and that was when my parents paid for it, i can't afford it now anyways 




 but then i would have to piss ten times before i get a buzz going 




 i won't remember. but thank you 




 i'm friends with most of the cashiers and they don't check my ID. i'll bring it up next time i go in but i don't want to cost anyone their job even if he was a dick. fucking effort went into this grammar. hope you appreciate all my spellchecks haha 




 I've never been able to pronounce the letter R. Speech therapy didn't help so i'm stuck with it and with my stutter, and i've always been pretty embarrassed about it so i don't talk much. I just got off work, i work overnights (9pm to 6am) and went to go buy a couple steel reserves at one of my usual stores. Some new guy was working and after the pleasantries and he took my ID, he said he wouldn't sell me the beer because i'm slurring my words. i told him that i have a speech impediment and i can't pronounce the letter R, and that i just got off work so i can't be drunk yet. then he changed his mind and started ringing me up again, but i couldn't help myself and muttered something like "this is fucking nuts." he asked what i said so i said it again, and then he changed his mind again and wouldn't ring me up. 

i had to go across town to get my beer and am drinking pretty heavily now. i only wanted a couple beers but now i'm getting shitfaced because i don't want to face that i'm always going to sound like a fucking cartoon character. 




 just curious, what would be a good price for it? 




 I want that bike for my first bike too but craigslist isn't helping me out. Where did you get it? 




 thanks, that clears things up. i'm thinking a supermoto would be a better first bike then. but which would be better suited for a really tall person? 









 didnt mean to sound like a dick my bad 




 if it's the one off of the highway by Outback steakhouse then make your employees wear some fucking hair nets. shits disgusting 




 i'm confused. you talk about having money problems but you have a shrink. doesn't make sense man 




 i work overnight shifts and so i usually buy most my alcohol around 6 or 7am. i always get weird looks 




 what are the main things to look at when buying my first (used) bike? 




 what does the MSF course consist of? i'm looking to take it sometime next month and don't want to go in with no information beforehand 




 i'm glad those people weren't redditors or they would have kidnapped the fox cub 




 new rider here, is there an exact speed that i should from counter-steering to steering normally? i mean if i'm certain to crash, should i steer normally or counter-steer at.. 11, 12, 13mph? 




 i got to watch the finale for the time twice because i was blackout drunk 




 at what speed to you go from steering normally to counter steering? i mean if i was lane splitting at 10mph and can't make any mistake, should i steer normally to get into a lane or counter steer? 20mph? 

i assume counter steering at higher speeds comes naturally once i take my test, so i guess that's my only question. but i'm still curious of the balance between counter steering and leaning 




 i want a tortoise so he can play peek a boo with my cat 




 egg cartons 
























 well i would still love to hear about your time hangin out with those bands. maybe you could do an AMA sometime or something like that 




 do you still live in seattle? i linked you to a Mad Season song before i saw that you hung out with alice in chains. i did my college essay on Spoonman. if you're still in seattle lets grab a few drinks sometime 




 hey op - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fm72DPJCX58

mad season - river of deceit 




 I do to but only when I camp. But I did steal someone's hub cap one time to use as a base so I didnt start a forest fire. I put it on the roof of their car in the morning burnt and charred. Feel bad about that 




 damn, thanks i had no idea that was possible. i was thinking about making them out of skateboard wheels 




 "Mexican officials late Saturday said he was apprehended with a man identified as Carlos Manuel Hoo Ramirez, contradicting earlier reports that he was arrested with a woman."

#REKT 




 he posted it to a different subreddit each time 




 i like your other video too. any damage to the motorcycle? i wonder if i should put sliders on my supermoto after i get it 




 school security guard put a boot on my car so i took off the tire, took the boot off, put tire back on and was driving away when he came out. he pulled me out of my car and searched my car without permission (later he said i gave him permission) and found a bb gun i forgot about. when i went to jail i spilt some hot ham juice on my foot and got a huge blister bubble (hot ham juice is the most dangerous weapon in jail, that shit was over 100 degrees) but aside from that jail was pretty cool. just watched family guy and played cards and read all day, got 3 meals a day and could take a shower whenever i wanted. i kinda want to go back to jail 




 they chose that job so they could abuse their authority and go on power trips, that's what appealed to them and made them go after those jobs. nobody wants to look closely at people's assholes but i guess domination over other people outweighed the downside for them. i hope none of the reddit mods decide to be prison guards, that's a scary thought 




 if i ever cried i would die of dehydration. i'm like the people in Dune  




 my piss tastes like Rainier or Rainier tastes like my piss 




 
"yeah me and my playstation are gonna have a wild night." i might also try to finish that movie i have watched every night this week but only remember a few more minutes of it everytime 




 i've lived in seattle my whole life and never done any of the cool stuff on that site. never even been to the spaceneedle  




 jpepe is a poop name. unless your last name is pepe then i'm sorry 




 light has energy, when it encounters an object it pushes it a little bit so you weigh more when the lights are on NASA has to account for light when it goes on long missions. chicago weighs 300 pounds more when its sunny, faggot 




 i'm have to remember that line. 




 not for OP's friend now 




 starring that one black girl in that movie where she overcomes adversity and hardship, while being oppressed into having to attend school 




 i guess i shouldn't of pissed on my laptop. but maybe the fucker deserved it, i don't remember 




 what is Grain belt? i'm a washingtonian and love my craft beers too, especially when i go down to oregon. 




 i keep a beer koozie in my shower so i can hawaiin hotbox and drink cold beers 




 Look on the bright side, you might just have parkinsons 




 Widespread panic 




 I sleep good. When I used to sleep sober I'd hum the cat-dog cartoon song to sleep 




 Something just downloaded onto my phone when I clicked that link. Better not have a fucking penis on my phone now 




 You're shoes will be fine. You don't want to know what my wallets been throu 




 That's disgusting I would smell like piss for weeks 




 Can you please shoot a video of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman with different parts of fat on her body? Please. And then link to me after?
 




 I really want to watch a video of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman with different parts of fat on her body. Sadly no such video exists 




 No I had the shower running so nobody would hear the lotion and to get the water hot. But I came too fast the water was cold 




 Anyone know if a video exists of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman at the same time but with different parts of fat on her body? I need this.  




 We accept him! We accept him! One of us! One of us! Gooble gobble! Gooble gobble! 




 I just tasted my cum too! Parents wanted to Skype with relatives so I took a shower and unrolled the hose. I was on my back and meant to cum on my shirt but came too hard. Fuckin Jenni lee... 




 i asked my dad for a zip (an ounce of weed) when i meant to ask my friend dave. i then told him a zip meant a full tank of gas because i panicked.  




 "if marriage didn't exist would you invent it? would you say to your girlfriend, 'hey baby. this shit's so good let's get the government in on it. i love you so much let's get lawyers and judges involved'" - doug stanhope (paraphrased) 




 $10,000 bail = $1,000 bond. his family left him in there because they didn't want to lose $1,000? 




 i would rather have someone who does drugs in congress than someone who never has or sucked at using drugs 




 pterodactyl   




 i'm sure you can find the whole thing on reddit in 5 minute clips 




 men can't be raped you faggot 




 i didn't ask to be circumcised  




 so since it doesn't go through my stomach would i still piss myself? or would i piss out my asshole? 




 wasn't expecting that. have some of [this](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lryu9iTeb31r3bm2co1_500.jpg) and some of [this!](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls3scfgKRT1qjcf0do1_500.jpg) 




 that's what i've been doing for awhile but doesn't seem to work. i tried swishing hydrogen peroxide around in my mouth but that always gets me close to puking 




 wow thank you. thanks a lot. how much toothpaste should i put in though? 




 i usually only smoke when i drink. and average 1.5 cups of coffee a day 




 "In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence."  




 fighting ninjas in the backyard and using pine cones as grenades. no wonder they gave me special education 









 i would dress as a hobo and hold a sign that says "single mother, please help. god bless" 




 i drank my piss when i thought it was beer. it tasted kinda like oxygenated beer so i took another sip, then i realized. i also drank chewing tobacco spit  




 [Joe Camel](http://eppy7890.files.wordpress.com/2009/06/joe_camel.jpg) 




 these fucking assholes call them munchies and they put pretzels in them. what kind of sick bastard would do that? 




 fuck munchies. who the fuck thought it would be a good idea to put pretzels in them? i give the pretzels to my dog so he'll drink beer 




 my mom stole my weed 




 i was forced to go to NA awhile ago. i think that if you want to stop drinking then you should go. why wouldn't you go if there's a small chance it will help you reach your goal? yes it's extremely religious but that only takes up a few minutes of it, the rest is about hearing other talk openly 




 i want to, i just don't know where or how to start 




 how do i go about learning more about a PC? the audio on my laptop stopped working so i learned how to uninstall the audio driver and then restore my laptop to how it is when you first buy it. but that's all i know how to do know.  




 do you have the one of the dog with the smile? 




 i understand why the US gives so many billions of dollars to Israel, but at some point it's like we're financing terrorism... again 




 i hope he gets compensation for this happening to him and i really hope those officers lose their jobs, but any money he receives comes from tax payers.  




 you're old enough to shoot people and get shot at for your country but not old enough to smoke a cigarette? 




 remember to stay hydrated buddy 




 i guess there's a benefit that all japanese teenagers never leave their room 




 how did he only shoot 3 people? does he have parkinson's disease? 




 i just watched Person of Interest and thought that guy would make the perfect batman 




 i don't know. i'd rather not have a job and still get paid 




 well i guess it's ok as long as it's on purpose.  














 i think so too because i've heard dogs try to run when they sleep. can dogs talk to other dogs like humans talk?  
























 I corrected the I;m to I'm  so now everyone should be be on the same page :) 




 I fessed up when I went in for cigs today and she said "no beer tonight?" in hindsight I should have stocked up on more booze so it wasn't suspicious. she acted like she was cool with it, but I could tell she was hurt 




 it was after midnight and i was more than a few beers deep but didn't have any more in the house. so i went to the only store open, I'm sorry. i didn't mean to cheat on you but you were closed. i still love you and value our relationship. i made a mistake and hate myself for it, but lets just move on ok honey 




 congrats man. i'm saving up for a dualsport because i'm right at where you were on my fourth steel reserve tallboy right now. I need one so I don't drink so much and feel better about myself 




 i'm playing a lot of hearthstone now. my account is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas if anyone else plays hearthstone add me 




 obviously never played slime-grenade wars, put firecrackers on slugs and throw them at each other 




 widespread panic 




 yeah add me if im not too late ! Dionysus#1697

anybody add me and we'll play eventually whenever i'm on, just ask 














 I didn't drink a couple days ago for the whole day 




 fried cheese. just place on a pan until crispy 




 nobody has ever said that about anyone who has dependents or children. and nobody has ever said that about opiates 




 thank you, that actually helps a lot. but whats the difference between decks used for tournaments and normal decks? 




 I didn't know you could right click them 









 jesus Christ that's disgusting, just use tissues like a normal person 




 shamalongadingdong

also, cheez-its are the shit 




 in highschool I had to do a two page presentation on if I was for against the death penalty, my whole presentation was about batman. batman doesn't kill people and he's my role model so I think death penalty is wrong, for my research I listed comic books 




 I knew someone here could help me out. thanks man 




 no i didn't intend for that to happen 




 alright, thanks man 









 will you marry me? I can be gay  




 sounds like someone has a case of the Republicans 




 why do other countries have such a fascination with America? we're a country too! 




 because surface area and shit 




 how did you get the paperwork? and how much was it? 




 lucky there's video to back him up, could have seriously fucked his life up if those passengers were "witnesses" against him 




 I don't get how someone can claim to be poor but then it comes out that they have 15 family members... 




 I put weed in my soda cup when a cop stopped me one time 




 go for it 




 he looks like a down syndrome kid that got recalled to the manufacturer and came back normal 




 too late motherfucker I got my answers. better luck next time  




 so about 6 feet 




 I meant how high would the building have to be 




 widespread panic! unfortunately, youtube is lacking in album recordings. but they are one of the best concert bands so its ok 




 I love their fries. but everything else they serve is nasty 




 hahahahahahahahaha that makes me feel a little better 




 what does it mean when poo is green? lack of protein or something? 









 awesome! 




 awesome!  




 my game name is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas

I've never played against a friend before and i really want to. don't worry, i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could make a pirate deck.. i mean a deck that has 5 pirates in it 




 hey i'm looking for someone to play with. except i don't know how to do that 




 what does miracle mean? 




 hey man let's play a game! i'm definitely casual because i disenchanted all my priest, druid, and shaman cards so i could make a pirate deck 




 I also want to know this because i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could do a pirate deck 




 I interviewed for a dishwashing job at whole foods. I made the mistake of cracking a couple jokes during the group interview. got a call saying I didn't get the job because I didn't take it seriously enough. I responded by apologizing profusely and promised I take washing dishes very seriously, they changed their mind and offered me the job. I refused 




 when he stressed equal weight of butter and flour, does volume vs weight really make that much of a difference?  




 oh cool, thanks. I heard something like 64,000 peopleattended 




 that's really fucking cool. goodwill is on olive st right? i'll have to check that out 




 did Dempsey or that other sounders defender play in the game? 




 sorry about your balls 




 i'm sorry that people downvoted this. some people don't care for it much, that's cool idk people be hating 




 when I needed money I sold my car and bought a motorcycle. I should learn about food stamps, I'm sure I qualify. its pretty ridiculous that someone with two cars can get food stamps, she learned how to abuse the system and wrote an article about it 




 haha thanks buddy 




 yeah it has a carb. and i'm using a glass screen. i just stuck a stem down the stem and thats working ok 




 using a glass screen, doesnt help. but thanks 




 friend's house got broken into and his xbox was stolen. the police told him they had a suspect in mind and that this suspect had a record. friend knew i had a criminal record (marijuana) so he calls my house phone and accused me of stealing his xbox. my dad beat me 




 maybe you spilt booze on it and there's a heating vent under your dresser? 




 she forgot her purse 




 monster or apocolypse movies would be great 




 my buddy has a wifi stealer. it's like an antennae that steals wifi from like a mile away. he takes it when he goes on road trips too. its a little expensive but its a 1 time cost and lasts for life. i'm thinking about getting one when i get my motorcycle 




 i don't really get how some alchies can have such interested lives. i buy bulk liquor and cheap beer and drink at home while i swear at my playstation 




 really really want a realistic dogfighting anime (not mecha)

edit: first my post gets removed because it didn't have a body, then my post was almost removed because i forgot flair. why does this subreddit have to be so difficult? 




 please don't let me keep you up because of me. really, i'm sorry if i'm keeping you awake. if you want to, tell me your highlights. anything that stick out in your memory 




 and you say you can't get easy pussy... lol. just figure out a good segway like say your still in the music business and tell these stories. you will get aids and die a happy man lol;. 

i have a lot of questions but they might by after you met the bands:
1. i heard that Spoonman was still somewhat homeless after his fame with soundgarden, do you know what they paid him?
2. do you know why layne staley left alice in chains to go to mad season? granted mad season would have been huge if they made more than one album 




 you're so lucky. i really want to know more about him but don't want to waste your time, so my second question is why you punched curt cobain did you really knock him out? 




 damn sounds like you had an awesome experience. please don't let me keep you awake or refresh reddit- but my first question is about layne staley- what was he like? what point in his career did you meet him? what do you know about his downward spiral? 




 just got an idea while i was pissing- do your AMA in r/seattle  




 you have to do an AMA right fucking now! i have so many questions but there may be things i forget to ask that other people with think of. please. maybe a CA AMA if you dont want to get flooded with messages?  
























 I've watched that ending a dozen times and his face doesn't change at all. the only thing to give a hint is the sound of boots on pavement 




 so the woman says she'll go get her jacket and he's waiting there. and then we hear really loud footsteps sounding like running. did she go to the cops?

aquarion, blassreiter, gankutsuou, gad guard, kite, md geist, now and then, shigurui, slayers, xxxholic, 009 




 it fell less than a foot. I bet he plays soccer 




 how did you try to do it? 




 that's because it's rare 




 when I was in middle school our DARE officer got suspended for using cocaine. I've cheated so many drug tests during high school and i'm sure that cops get more leeway than I did. these guys must be retarded

just tape the synthetic piss it to your thigh because they make you hike up your pants to your knees, and also pee on the outside of the bottle because sometimes they smell it. and make sure to follow the directions to have it at the right temperature. 
 




 i'd give her a night. I have no standards 




 I really want know what she said just after the video ended. "the fact that women have been shut out of dangerous..." 
 









 I call bullshit. not that you did this, only that alcohol is solely to blame.  




 don't get me wrong, fuck republicans and all that. but if this senator was republican this post would be on the front page with 3000 comments 




 I cant wait to be outraged by the verdict that they're too young to know that stabbing someone causes death 




 thank you. hope you have a nice day 









 I live near seattle and i'm pretty sure I've had this beer before. it came in a golden or yellow 24oz can and was really good. too expensive for me though (around $3) 




 nope, I can't. well actually I can get one but not two 




 did anyone actually think that putting any kind of smoke in your lungs is healthy? 




 was he still on dope then? he looks pinnned 




 the driver is a Saudi so he'll probably beat the worker too 




 thank you. hope you didn't do that on my account. too bad shroom season is still a few months off 




 you don't happen to know what episode that was do you? 




 no, death for yelling and screaming the morning after new years on the train. completely justified in my opinion 




 "I had to punch you and knock you out because I was concerned for your health because you might have been smoking marijuana" 

 




 a handle or a fifth? 




 because a shaman is a great authority on western culture 




 a hard reset is always holding down all the buttons at once. usually fixes most problems 




 well, that's the job he took 




 no doug Stanhope?

edit: no doug stanhope 




 actually while I was off on the shoulder, two other crashes occurred. I think a presidential candidate was in town 

but is that your way of saying giving a ticket to someone who just crashed their car is justified? 




 I forget, there was an unlit underpass and traffic was going smooth up until then where traffic stopped. completely my fault as I told the cop. traffic was about 50mph until the unlit overpass where traffic was stopped. my fault  




 "this guy is making too much sense, better downvote him rather than talk to him" 




 I gathered that. I also got a ticket after I was in an accident. 

don't just ignore an opinion you don't agree with or so you can meet your quota without feeling bad 




 driver got in an accident, give him a ticket too. and you wonder why people hate cops 




 thanks 









 I hope you don't have siblings. i'm kinda in the same boat and Christmas was hell. seriously I have never wanted to kill myself more than during holidays 




 you know, you're probably right and I can't find where it was mentioned before. probably just a conspiracy theory or something. but i'm sure i'm read something bout it on reddit. anyways thanks for being cool about me being wrong 




 just look at any of the times it was posted on reddit. usually one of the highest comments explains it. how I heard it was fake was on reddit so i'm sure you can find it if you look 




 anyone know if this is fake like the American south episode or if it's real this time? 




 probably empty and in the trash 




 I didn't make it that far 




 how many dogs have UPS, FedEx and Postal worker killed combined? FUCKING ZERO. cops are pussies 




 my problem with feminism is that feminists never focus on actual problems but instead only stuff they think affects them. there are plenty of problems concerning women in the middle east and i'd be 100 percent behind any feminist who addresses them 




 "police officers don't meet the same consequences that the general public would experience in the same scenario"

how many dogs have UPS or FedEx or USPS drivers killed? zero. cops? too many to count. i was a seasonal driver helper and got bitten by a dog. didn't even report it. there should be a cowardice test along with the other ones

if a post office worker kicked a dog that was biting him, he would lose his job. but a cop shooting a golden retriever? guess 




 yea, never realized until now how autistic George costanza was 




 it's not that. just that once hard a was allowed to be sold in grocery stores liquor stores couldn't compete.  




 I once tried to have a civilized conversation with someone there, but it was like talking with a cop... oh 




 washington 




 not that much drinking in either of them. but thank you 




 I wish my state still had liquor stores. just bought a ten dollar handle of vodka that cost me almost twenty with tax. and had to wait in line with judgmental assholes. I worked an overnight shift you cunts 




 my buddy was the first legal weed bike dealer in Washington state. his pack consists of weed.  




 it's because those states have already legalized medical marijuana for awhile now. nobody is going to buy a $40 gram if they can get a $10 gram or $15 dollar (medical) of same shit. 

two things I hate about this subreddit - people just can't connect two simple dots. and this post has 200 upvotes but only 10 comments. people think upvoting a post within this little subreddit of people who already smoke weed is helping the cause 




 it's gotta be English dubbed. and preferably action with cool fight scenes. thanks

on a side note, also looking for action anime with art style similar to afro samurai or redline 




 pretty much any anime with drug use fits the bill but action is a bonus. i'm looking for something where drinking is more than just a quirk like eating a lot or sleeping a lot and defines the character. or really any anime where drug use is common 




 4 steps on how to use a dildo 




 you write really well. write the next game of thrones. George r martin probably gets hella bitches 














 yeah I've worked UPS driver helper a couple seasons and at the start of a day when the truck is fully loaded, some packages will get stepped on to get to ones in the back. it can't be helped 




 is the zoo decklist he posted the best one? is there a better zoo deck 




 lol that's the definition of the word, retard 




 I was right.  http://www.ushistory.org/franklin/philadelphia/fire.htm

I won't bother to call you a retard, but why do foreigners always care so much about America anyways? 




 didn't benjamin franklin invent firefighters? what did the rest of the world do before, just watch shit burn? 




 what does getting shot feel like? 




 I like the art and the that title "master of disguise" sounds badass

also its just 1 health off from being a yeti but its special is really useful when I get a 8/3 bloodsail raider (which is a 2 drop) 




 I just got from rank 20 to 16 today with just this deck. I played a few hours today 




 I don't have those and I really want to enchant my first legendary, but yeah I really want a blade furry 




 give it a shot man 




 does the producer have tits?

DN episode 9 next 




 he broke through the autism spectrum into infrared colors 




 there's a weakened version of 211? that seems unbelievable because it would be more expensive to dilute the shit than change the label on the cans 




 the alcohol tax in washingoton state forces me to. i'm not made out of money, cutie. I drink steel reserves like a champ. i'd rather drink whiskey but I can't afford it 
























