 But it is an exterior wall and its above a natural gas fireplace.  Although the fire goes backwards rather than, so there is nothing behind the TV.

And do you count component or HDMI as running power?  Because I have no plans of running any sort of power cables. 




 Awesome thanks for the reply 




 [Picture of the Living Room](http://i.imgur.com/vSD1AKh.jpg)

Hey Guys,

Included is a picture of my living room.  As you can see in the picture I
have a tv over a fireplace.  My plan is to build built in shelves and
cabinets on either side.  I'd like to hide all the electronics in one of
the cabinets, and run HDMI and component cables through the wall so it
looks good.


So basically what I am trying to do is put the wall plates behind the tv,
and then somewhere to the left lower down that would eventually be behind a
cabinet.  This way I could easily plug in stuff to the tv without having to
re-run wires every time while always keeping them hidden.


So as far as I know, certain power cables need to be regulated for being
placed in walls for whatever reason.  I don't plan on running any power,
just HDMI and component cables.  Do they need to be a specific kind to be
run in the wall?  Or will what I have purchased work for what I have
planned?  I appreciate any help you can provide.  Also not sure if this is relevant but that wall is an exterior wall with insulation in it.

List of cables and wall plates I purchased for this

* [High-Speed HDMI Cable]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00870ZLJ0/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s01?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

* [Component Video cable]
 (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ZZ8EQ4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)
 
* [HDMI Wall Plate]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F3UYF5S/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

* [Component Cable Wall Plate]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HR5G18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

Thanks for the help guys 




 I want to do it as the alpine system leaves something to be desired.  However I would like to put Tuffy lock drawers underneath the front seats.  I wonder if it would fit under the backseat. 




 So what do we think, would this [cold weather package](http://www.amazon.com/AAA-Severe-Weather-Road-Kit/dp/B00EBT7ZBI/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top?ie=UTF8 colid=1XLTYKTXP4S5U coliid=I2KXCMELIRU3KZ) suffice?  Thinking about buying it for my jeep. 




 Ok some quick questions how quickly does registration fill up?  I see it is limited to 100 vehicles so when does that typically fill up?

As of right now my 2013 Wrangler Unlimited Sport is completely stock.  I have intentions of adding mods to it but have no idea what if anything will be done between now and this event.  Will it be able to handle the trail stock?  Or should I focus on some specific mods like skid plates between now and the event? 




 So your saying you have an NSX for sale? 




 Christ they don't make it easy to find the website do they?

the website is www.traxion.me to make it easier for everyone. 




 I hope I am posting in the right area, I looked at other subreddits and this seems to make the most sense.  I close on my house on July 2nd and have big plans to make it my own.

I want to do such things as put up a wood fence, build a custom desk that is built into the wall, for two things off the top of my head.  I am sure there are many more things I will need tools for but what are the basic things to get started?

Also I think it would make sense for this to be on the sidebar, or some sort of getting started DIYer list.

EDIT:  So far thanks for all the responses I was a little concerned this would come off as a newb question and get downvoted to oblivion but so far some really helpful info.   




 That's so simple that's brilliant.  Totally makes sense but I in all honesty never would have thought of that. 









 Revelation 21:4
A beautiful scripture :)

 
























 Ha, not the first time someone's said that 




 I wish that was the case 




 No more like small north eastern state school of about 800. 




 Haha couldn't be more opposite of a school  




 Like picking up after a person who weighs 180 









 Can you make these into backgrounds? 




 Number one is so obvious but so easily ignored.  I'm in the process of creating a startup and all the books and articles you read focus on growth and don't really mention retention.  The fact of the matter is you need both. 




 Don't care didn't ask.

Edit:  maybe if I had posted is this a good place to put my tv your opinion would have been relevant. 




  \_()_/, I'm not sure of what the specific insulation is, but it isn't very knew.  It looks sorta like stuffing, so I wouldn't be cutting through plastic building wrap, and I think i could sorta stuff it back in.  I suppose the next question though is should I? 




 I honestly have no clue.  Is this the point I call an electrician? 




 Definitely going to copy you. 
























 I recently had a post that went viral where I showed my St. Bernard the day I got him and exactly two years later.  It's been fun having friends from South Africa to California message me to say they saw the picture on such and such website.

I'm definitely trying to learn lessons on it so that I can use that in the future to promote my startup.  For the time being I haven't been able to connect the dots of how to correlate the success of a post about a St. Bernard to a P2P storage website, but I am sure there is something in there that I can use. 




 4 to 5 cups a day.  It isn't as much as people think 




 6'0 225 




 Luke's a redditor  




 Or OP purposely changed shirts for this pic... 




 You forgot who's walking who?  And Is that Beethoven?   




 _ 




 _ 




 If you had one before you know the answer to that question  




 It was he chewed on it a year ago 




 Yes to both 




 Yes that's exactly how it works 
























 I'm no gun expert but done a little pistol shooting.  A shot like that to hit the guy in the window would be incredibly difficult.  Never mind having so one shooting back at you. 




 Some options I think they should have added this year without too much redesign are a rear view camera, available on Cherokees and Grand Cherokees and the heated steering wheel.  I know some Jeep purists might be annoyed with that suggestion but I test drove the Cherokee and the heated steering wheel was a feature I never knew i needed. 




 It isn't minor, if you are going to order new, get what makes you happy.   




 I've been on my phone all weekend and wanted to give you a good answer typed out on my computer, since you took such a keen interest in my business.

1. You would bring stuff boxed or packaged the way you wanted your self.  

1. You would have to determine that ahead of the time with the person you were renting from.  Each owner would have different comfort levels, some might be ok with daily access, some might want to be there when you are there.  Some might give you a key, others might not.  Expectations need to be set ahead of time to ensure the storage area is a good fit for both host and tenant.

1. Well prices will be set by the host so they can rent it for what they deem is worth their time and energy.  The other thing that I really want to tout is the flexibility of this service.  So say you have something you need to store, but you don't need or want to rent an entire storage unit for it.  Such as seasons things.  Some examples that come to mind are snow tires, or summer tires, or a Jeep hard top.  While storing say 4 tires for a winter might not make you much money, lets say 50 bucks for 5 months.  You could store 10 sets of tires in your garage for those five months earning $500 bucks.  Because you might live in an apartment and not want to store your tires in your apartment but also not rent a storage unit for 50 bucks a month just for tires.  Does that make sense?

1. You obviously can't store things that are illegal, simple as that.  I don't have the exact terms and conditions figured out.  But I imagine self storage units already have terms and conditions regarding that and I could probably copy that for my company.

Let me know if you have other questions. 




 We can't compete or rather won't compete with them on wages.  They are overpaying him on wages.  It is too bad because I thought he'd be a good addition to the squad but hardly end of the world. 




 What up fellow Turbo X Sport Combi brother 




 It's the punchline you dolt  




 My buddy said that on the boat today so that really cracked me up 




 It reminds me of the Adirondacks at sunset from the Vermont side of Lake Champlain.  Whatever it looks like it looks awesome.

How long did it take and how hard is it to do?  I'm thinking this would be awesome for my home. 




 1. I don't understand what you mean by how you hold it?
1. Well that is a gray area i am working out.  Sorta the same deal that is going on with Airbnb if say someone slipped on my driveway and broke my arm and sued me I could be liable.  Currently homeowners insurance in some cases will carry over to a certain amount to your possessions stored elsewhere but not the full amount.  I would probably have to offer some sort of 1 million dollar guarantee like what Airbnb does.
1. Yes, just like airbnb, this isn't for everyone but just go on craiglist and see that people are seeking places to rent and store things.  I had 4 fake craiglist posts up for different types of properties going for about a month and half.  I had about 88 e-mails inquiring about the space.
1. Again I point to Airbnb, because these things can happen in that scenario as well.  However what Airbnb has as a huge selling point is the background verification and review system that incentives people to be honest.  I am a huge airbnb host and make a lot of money doing that.  I could go in and steal my guests camera or computer and sell it for a few hundred bucks.  But I won't 1. because I am an honest person but 2. even if I wasn't I can make $2,985 max each week renting out properties.  So even if I did steal and make a couple of hundred bucks off of it, a bad review where they mentioned theft in my home could cost me way more in the long run.  I imagine the same would be true of storage and trust. 




 physical storage like self storage but at peoples homes.   




 Storage, at least ~~taunts~~ that's my hope.  I'm building a storage p2p site as we speak.  Hope to have the basic site launched in two weeks.

Physical storage 
























 I liked the comments, especially this one

This par for the course with this new generation we are in big trouble, they dont care about what the government is doing to this country. We have a lot to say being a former Marine , on my surprise about so much disrespect of the generation behind us. We as citizens and Veterans have to protect our memorials , we need to police them and make sure they are not destroyed or defaced for any reason. If we do catch or observe anybody Doing any thing to our memories we will deal with them ourselves.


I think every generation thinks the ones below it are the worst people to pop out of a vagina. 




 I agree with your suggestions don't agree that he can't be black.  I also don't think Elba would fit, but that's more because I think the role is for someone with a suave confident demeanor.  Elba to me or at least the characters I'm familiar with him playing are more a restrained aggressiveness ready to be unleashed, if that makes any sense. 




 I thought you were taxed based on where you played not who you played for.  So playing for the Dolphins their would be 8 home games that would be tax free and if you played away at Houston that would be tax free.  But if you played New England or Buffalo you'd pay those states taxes. 




 Yeah, I thought that sounded like a solid turnout.  I couldn't do that with the internet today! 




 The smell was so horrible.  I tried to get a gif of the maggots crawling all over it as we scooped it up and put it in the bag but my cohort was too quick for me. 




 Damn I guess people didn't like your comment 




 Oh you... 




 Then I guess I die?  Not sure, I swim with friends so hopefully they could save me.  Shit happens, can't prevent every single possible scenario that might kill me? 









 Because most of us can swim and a life jacket is very cumbersome.  If I'm tubing or wake boarding or jet skiing then yes a life jacket makes sense.  But if I'm chilling on a 24 footer it isn't as necessary. 




 Agreed 




 I believe

I believe our fans don't understand the rules 
























 So there was a precedent, I don't see the same precedent for Ideis, however I believe he is a very talented actor so if he proved me wrong I wouldn't be surprised. 




 He was pretty suave in layer cake 




 While true it's in Chryslers best interest for their dealers to treat their customers right so they don't get pissed off and buy another brand. 




 So I thought this was a spoof of a Carly Rae Jepson song, putting tom hanks in the place Carly would be, not the actual video minus the music.  I don't understand the original music video at all after watching it.  Why use Tom Hanks?  I'm confused. 




 That's some solid train of thought.  Don't surf for 2-3 weeks or endure pain for 8 months. 




 It's a long shot op but I decided today I want to quit my Seo job and work freelance.  If you are interested shoot me a pm and I can share my resume and background with you. 




 His wording is fine your comprehension is lacking.   




 It's the common problem with really any sporting goods store.  Carry a lot of everything but not enough of one thing.  Their soccer selection is just horrible. 




 Damnit I really am a c section baby, I feel like less of a human. 




 I'd like to think so. 




 So you're a father now, congratulations. 




 Squirrel, Vermont  
























 Me personally?  I like to use the search feature to see the 300 other times someone asked those question. 




 That's basically my line of thinking 




 No idea it's probably something custom. 




 Nope hood was closed otherwise I would have. 




 None, the guy can't have passion projects? 




 I am thinking a lot about this in my current job as well as how I want to run my startup that I am working on launching and when I think about what if it becomes successful and I employ 10, 50 500 people and will the business thrive based on certain ideas I want to implement.  A lot of the ideas I have gotten come from 37 Signals which puts out a blog with some very interesting work practices.  Some of the things I would like to implement are:

* Unlimited vacation

* Unlimited sick days
* 32 hour weeks
* Remote working, where I would encourage employees to move not just to different places in the country but live in different countries.
Team and single person projects where people could pursue different ideas that interest them.  

The last thing I would want to implement and probably the most difficult is a sliding job description is the best way I can describe it.  Basically I am bored and sick of doing the same job for the past three years with no promotion and hardly any raises.  What i would want is the job to evolve with the person as they learn and grow.  I see this being difficult because I think finding managers who not only can stay on top of employees and how they are improving but also seeing their skills and where they fit in the company will be really difficult to find.  But if you can keep a job fresh and give a person the feeling of moving forward both monetarily and career wise will help keep them invested in the company.

The other issue too is if you offer too many perks like the above, will they be abused?  Will anything get accomplished or am I overdoing it too much?  It definitely would be a balancing act. 




 That is not true for every industry, such as programmers coders and software engineers. 




 Negative  




 Agreed, and the best way to incentive employees to want to share your company in social media, is to create an awesome work environment that makes them want to share.   




 He isn't wrong but the success of the movie greatly benefits him and his brand for future roles and comedy specials etc.  But hey do what you want.  I don't think a company should make it mandatory, but depending on what you are asking and how it could benefit you in the long term should also be taken into consideration. 









 I'm not convinced yet that Kane's the real deal.  He had a great season but really struggled toward the end of the season.  He doesn't look like he should be good but he defies expectations and keeps scoring.  I'm really curious to see if he'll keep developing. 
























 Wasn't aware of that.  With that being said should it really be required for construction zones all to have a police detail?  Will a flagger suffice?  And what about projects like road paving?  The construction company might pay for the cop, but they count that into what they charge to do the job, which would be footed by the taxpayers, right? 




 I think the benefit of a cop presence on certain construction zones is a good thing, like fast moving traffic areas like highways.  The lights can bring attention to drivers who then slow down, making it safer for workers  But it is absurd that they are required at every single construction site regardless of what it is and where it is.  

I don't even take issue with cops making a ton of money working overtime, just not for BS reasons like when someone is replacing a man hole cover.   




 I was trying to come off not as a badass, just trying to frame it that I had some knowledge on how to throw a punch and defend yourself.  But everyone it appears took it as me trying to sound tough.  Oh well whatya gonna do? 




 I'd be more interested in finding out how much it costs to have police detail on every single construction site, regardless of how big or small the operation is or if it gets a lot or no traffic. 




 I very well might I haven't even hired an employee yet so all these things are far into the future. 




 Drunk squirrel who had too many fermented crabapples.

http://youtu.be/LAfKZUn9sZ0 




 I have done a little boxer training and I'm by no means any good but I would mop the floor with that one guy.  Coming in with his fist so high, even if he connected he wouldn't be able to get power on it.  Plus you duck down and throw a quick upper cut, that dudes done. 




 This is what I'm talking about, I want employees to feel like I can trust them to get their shit done on their own and treat them like adults rather than micro manage them. 




 More money elsewhere, match fixing scandals, and loss of champions league spot. 




 Yeah all good points and that has occurred to me see my other comment where I expanded somewhat on my overall goal for the workplace. 




 Unlimited vacation means what I mean it to mean.  Perhaps I implement a required minimum use of vacation, maybe I start with 6 weeks of vacation, I don't really know.  Unlimited sick days however definitely doesn't mean no sick days.  If someone is sick I don't want them to feel compelled to come in and 1. Get other people sick and 2. Take the time to recover.

I'm on an iPad so it's a pain to go into depth on it, but take all the things I'm suggesting and see I'm trying to build a culture and environment that provides a positive outlet for people's creativity without burning them out.  There is more to life than doing the same mundane job over and over and I want to try and challenge people while also allowing them to live a fulfilling life. 




 Whatever we are happy with our multiple NFC championship game appearances. (Not really) 
























 No you shouldn't be eligible for a refund.  This is the risk you take with airbnb.  If you want hotel accommodations get a hotel.  You found three cockroaches so friggin what.  I had an ant problem at my house for about a month, we live in a world with bugs, deal with it. 




 Yep, I have clear pictures of my home and how it lacks a lot of decor and I'm a bachelor which should give some insight into how it is decorated.  Don't matter, people still complain about how empty the house is. 




 You get that on any region specific subreddit it's obnoxious.  Hey I'm visiting Vermont?  What should I do?  Well look at the history of the past 300 times a person has asked that and you might have a good idea. 




 Will OP deliver? 




 Hang in there little buddy, lots of fish in the sea 




 I second this holds really well, and the holder release is a really simple really clever device. 




 Id invite you to my party? 




 Got any links about the profit statement?  The only reason I would think Airbnb isn't making a profit is because they are focused on putting all their revenue into funding growth. 




 No way.  First off take what the previous poster said with a grain of salt they take third review system very seriously.  Second as a host I set my own prices so I'm not really an independent contractor like uber or homejoy.  Airbnb is more of a marketing platform for short term rentals that you pay a fee on for each reservation. 




 Got an after pic of how it healed?

Edit: nevermind 




 Wasn't going to watch the video but your comment piqued my curiosity.  She is a dime. 




 Really?  That makes no sense that a flag detail costs the same as a police detail. 
























