 Wow forbid anyone have personal preference for things they spend lots of their own money on.

Would you go ape shit if I said fuck mechanic keyboards too? Love my Razer Deathstalker, chiclet keys just respond so nicely. 




 How can it possibly be a scam when its something I requested? I wanted my OS on one drive with all the bullshot windows files on another. Takes up less space on my SSD. 




 Just Like Heaven, The Cure. Doesn't seem so bad until it happens to you, then it's devastating.

It happened to me four nights in a row once.

Four.

Damn.

Nights.

Edit: typo 




 $1200 is parts and professional labour I hired to configure windows 7, and the software that came with my parts. Also needed someone to configure my harddrives so certain windows files were on the right drives. 




 Voice recognition doesnt right script, macros, or keybinds. Keyboard will always be dominant in my rigs. 




 The formal training process is also a load of shit. You have to have recommendations, x amount of years, auditions just to qualify for a university... and then MAYBE get a job.

My high school english teacher is living the dream. He teaches during the day and takes gigs in his free time with his band. The band is literally a bunch of guys just doing their thing for fun in their free time, and they're becoming a pretty solid local figure.

Not sure how promoting goes over on reddit, but the band (The Treble) has some cool YouTube videos like 24 shows in 24 hours. 




 "You sound like someone I know..."

People are blown away when I tell them I've heard that from people in 10 or so different countries around the world.

I play online games too much. 




 When was music ever about impressing people? Its expressive, and universal. You dont even have to understand it to appreciate it. 




 Maybe just my opinion on the matter, but rock and whatnot is supposed to be unpolished, boarderline "barbaric" as viewed from the structured world of professionally trained musicians. My ex that I still talk to a lot plays many orchestra instruments, I play guitar and bass, im always telling her to loosen up and play what she likes and feels right more, she says I should work on more theory.

Who cares if they are self taught, or went to a school for it? If they can do it and they sound good, thats all that matters.

With that said, fuck mainstream radio. That shit has no heart and soul to it. Damn scourge of the music industry. 




 This, just this. Built a new rig in February for $500+ less than retail. All I had was some knowledge passed down by dad and his computer communication diploma, and reading online. I now play SWTOR and WoW at max graphic settings as easy as opening a browser. After software and some labour it came out to ~$1200 Canadian. 




 Did Rule 34 just cross over to The Great Cornholio? 




 So many people at college are amazed I can type full paragraph notes faster than the prof can talk, but really its just years of bullshitting around on computer games.
Become one with the keyboard.
Keyboard is love. Keyboard is life. 




 Any soup worth eating that isn't specifically made for vegetarians will have natural animal stock.
No, Campbells or whatever crap that comes as a paste in a can is not worth eating. 




 I would go out of my way for 711 coffee long before I have a cup of whatever black liquid they sell as coffee 




 My last and final experience with Tim Hortons:

-Go to order coffee and grilled cheddar panini.
-Foreign employee at the register taking orders.

-Neither the worker or workers co-workers understand a word of English I say when I try to order.

-I have to point at the menu just to get an order.

-Get burnt coffee and bread, without cheddar or even butter on it, with one side of each piece burnt to charcoal.

-Mention it to manager. Manager doesn't speak a word of English.

Edit: this happened about a year and a half ago. 




 I don't even know how to respond to people that like a food but don't like to know where it came from. Yes, gelatin (food) comes from animal bones, so does 99% of any soups you buy. In the culinary industry, bones and butter (fat) are flavour.
How can you appreciate food without this philosophy? When I was trained to cut up whole chickens, I gained a lot of useful knowledge, and respect for butchers that know how to make the cuts look so perfect at the supermarket.
If knowing Jell-O comes from an animal bothers you, but you eat fast food at all, you're looking in the wrong direction. 




 From what I can tell playing around with Diana and seeing what much more skilled players say and do, the reasoning on rushing zhonyas is simply survival. Diana is a devastating nuke with crazy stick to enemies, but is also very squishy early and mid game, even with the shield. The general play for her is gankcrazy burstzhonyascooldowns resetround two (more of a late game thing). She has the power for hyper-agressive drives with small risk of it backfiring with a zhonyas.
Now with that said, there is absolutely nothing wrong breaking the build meta. Sometimes I goof around with full attackspeed builds, but there's not a lot of reason to change when its arguably the best (safest) build path for burst AP champions. 




 Walk into any book store, see a book at a friend's place, recently saw the post of a black guy (humorously) reading How to be Black, which had "bestseller" on the cover.

What criteria does The New York Times put out for the right to publish the book endorsed by the paper?

Do publishers/readers think labeling ever book defeats the purpose? Might thr standards be too low?

I've read some pretty bad books, some with that bestseller label on it at least three times. 




 The sound of velcro scratches the top of inside my skull. Then you find yourself sitting on a bus with that bastard devil child playing with the straps of his new light up shoes. Every time he rips the velcro you want to throw him out the door. 




 Its units of 10. If you can't count to ten by the time you're old enough to use reddit, good luck to you, sir. 




 In canada we sometimes use cups, simply because illogical, non-conformist americans can't better the world by using metric, so a lot of recipe books are screwed up. 




 I feel like I missed a key point of the 90s by never seeing Space Jam. One day I'll find a beat-up cover of a dvd reprint in some dusty antique store and buy it. 




 How many metres or ropelight did you use? I currently have one metre in my Bitfenix Ronin mid-size case and it doesn't light it up as much as I hoped. It's still beautiful gaming in the dark though.
Edit: a word 




 If that was me, I'd ask the landlord if it could stay up until a renter signs papers and decides if it stays or goes. If the renter doesn't want it I'd come back and paint over. At least then there's a chance this piece of work can stand time a little longer 




 I still buy CDs despite the plethora of downloadable content out there; one, multiformat backup. If my phone, laptop, and desktop go down, I still have a nice rack of music to pick from; two, my uncle has about 1100 CDs and vinyls on the wall, and it's always a conversation piece; three, what roadtrip is complete without friends, junkfood, and a stack of your best bro's favourite albums? Before the ubernerds of reddit go "just download to your phone and get an aux cable you filthy casual!", you clearly don't leave moms basement. I know the tech exists, I build my own computer towers, but it isn't the same. 




 I started with 3rd edition and 3.5 playing Neverwinter Nights, which somewhat prepared me for 4th edition (4th had a lot of changes!). My best advise, go to the local game shop, there's almost always groups of every kind of card/pen+paper player there, and watch, ask questions, borrow a book or download a pdf. You start theoryceafting nasty character builds. Example, I broke my leader druid by giving him a 2d6 weapon that thanks to a druid mechanic, rolls 2d12. Just to swing a heavy stick!
Edit: you WILL make new friends doing this too. Plus it's more fun to go out to a common place, or host d d and beer nights. 




 Forget Sideshow Bob, Mr. Burns is the real villian and the show wouldn't be the same without him.
Props to this guy finally getting the award he deserves.
Edit: forgot to mention I never knew he voice acted Smithers as well! 




 Manitoba checking in. NEVER seen bagged milk in my life, didn't even know it existed until a few years ago when americans in online games mentioned the "stereotype." 




 "[He'd] rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints." Only the Good Fie Young by Billy Joel
Edit: word 




 As a victim of shit like this when I was a child, I used to think spiders were fascinating, now I'm traumatized into arachnophobia. 




 Not sure if I've ever seen a cosplay of my favourite support done this well 




 I was forced to stop playing it when I bought a new computer 3.5 years ago with Windows 7, but Bioware never patched it for 7 as far as I'm aware. I must know how this is still playable, that game got me addicted to MMORPGs and I wouldn't have it any other way. 




 Chef in training at college atm. Gonna have this engraved on my knives! 




 Oh shit. TIL I'm both... 




 Foreign exchange student I'm close to chose Olivia as her English name. Ironically, she hates olives. 




 There's a Miriam at college. She goes by Mimi. 




 You are completely aware that even the programmers at Microsoft that worked on the Win8 project have said in published articles that it was one of the worst projects they had to work on, right? I don't have the article saved anymore, but it quoted one developer saying Windows 8 and 8.1 are a step in the wrong direction from Vista, as a professional opinion.
When the guys that were forced to make it says its trash, believe them when they say its trash. 




 I don't thinks shes an unattractive woman off set. Its a combination of makeup, wardrobe, and long before her debute on the show, she wore unisex clothing to help get into character. 




 But you can never leave.... without a 5 minute deserter debuff 




 Any source of heat works. My grandmother learned to bake cakes in an electric frying pan when she built her house 30 years ago and gas wasnt put in for the stove yet. 




 In culinary college and one day I forgot my knives at home. Borrowed a french and got through a whole day of peeling fruit, cleaning fish, boning chickens. Single most important tool at a chef's disposal.
P.S., came to this thread for just this topic.
Edit: P.S. 




 I work in professional food industry. If ANYTHING goes wrong for one chef, in extreme cases customers dying, they go back to college to learn a new field. Thats IF they avoid jail time and lawyers taking their house, car, and will to live. 




 I've been removed from the twitter and Pinterest mail list for supposedly 7 months. I clear 40 or more email notifications from each.
Every.
Single.
Day. 




 Canada checking in. European descent, generally nice to people, got the "eh's" and "aboot's", I love bacon, and I mock Americans about their health-care.
In online games I'm the guild Canadian.
Edit: syntax 




 First job was stocking shelves at a drug store chain in Canada. This was the FIRST thing taught in training. Except the chain is run by cheap bastards that can't pay to see a dentist once a year. 




 Neverwinter Nights was my life until Bioware stopped patching when Windows 7 was released. Great RPG, EA ruined Bioware. 




 Americans: "3 flakes? Snow day!"


Canadians: (boss) "Your car is under 3 feet of snow and you broke your leg on the sidewalk... still coming to work right?" 




 I have nothing better to do with my time than go to work 
























 A few of my friends look at me like they're thinking "what the hell are you here for?" when I show up at their place when they said to. 




 All my music in my computers and phone came from my CD collection. It's not that I disagree with pirating music, but I prefer both having a copy I can lend friends, and a physical backup if my harddrives decide to give out for whatever reason. 




 I feel like all the posts here are from non-Canadians. Here's a short summary of stereotyped Canadian culture from my experience living here all my life:

Yes we're usually nice. No we don't apologize for everything.

Tim Hortons makes the worst cup of coffee in the country.

Maple syrup is amazing. This is a fact.

We don't say "aboot" we just talk faster than Americans.

Our military is small because no one doesn't like us.

Tim Hortons coffee again. Seriously, they could burn iced cappuccinos. 




 I love the groups that still try to make it not a race, with both sides working towards a massive brawl. Unfortunately, my battlegroup has a win ratio of 99:1 for alliance, whereas I play Forsaken warlock.

Edit: Alterac and Isle are the only battlegrounds Alliance has a chance at winning in this battlegroup, so the other battlegrounds are fun. 




 Not to one-up you, but I'd rather read *Mein Kampf* than play *any* FF game. 




 Doesn't matter what demograph you fall under, if you perpetuate a negative stereotype, I have nothing but negative thoughts about you.

Not to pick on anyone in particular, but I used to see a guy in a wheelchair daily around my former place of work. Panhandled every single day, finally I got fed up with him. I asked why he can't work.

"I'm in a wheelchair!"

"How are your hands? Do they function?"

"Yeah, sure!"

There you go. 




 I think she did a fantastic job with Christian Bale in American Hustle. I got into her character so much I didn't realize who the actress was until credits. 




 But it's background noise to put on Netflix at 2am, so there's that. 




 One of my closest friends is maybe 150 pounds, and eats half his weight in a week. 




 Sorry ladies, but we can't live without you. Even gay guys need women in their lives 




 Not exactly intentional, but the nature of the culinary field I'm in, you will cut yourself in the early years of training, without fail. We chalk it up as "war wounds" and "battle scars." 




 Same thing goes for military and security jobs; you signed up for it, now shut up and do your job. 




 We don't need to, it's rap.

There's my unpopular opinion. 




 A lot of jurisdictions toss it because there is always a margin of error in every case. There have been documented cases of death penalties given out, only to find out it was the wrong person.

Im curious to what opinion you have to make this a regular sentencing again. 




 Thank you! Trying to remember was bothering me. 




 I like A W over all the other brands, except maybe a very close tie with the brand that has a crow on it. Every time I visit the States, I load up on that stuff for the week or so I'm there.

Last time I saw it, Mennards had it on a pallet. 




 How do you watch any Christopher Walkin movie? 




 I did not know that. Still cool, still south! 




 Stunlocked for daaaays 




 Guilty of this. So much stereotyping of the south makes it hard, especially when NASA basically lives in Texas and Florida. 




 Does a handle designed to be pulled on the push side count? 




 My ex always carries an egg shaped stone around to help her anxiety. She knows damn well its just a rock, but its more of a safety blanket concept than magic. 




 Sometimes I randomly get a bad taste in my mouth and reflexively spit, but I try to check if anyone is around first. 




 Lottery: for people bad at math! 




 That reminds me to recycle the coke bottle I drank on the bus 




 Same mentality, but if looks could kill, I'd be dead every other week. 




 Most people don't even understand gun control. 




 What the hell kinda metalhead were you? All the ones I knew were jeans and band shirt types. 




 Went to high school with a guy that seemed to pull it off. He was tall, skinny but obvious that he worked out, and it fit his classic/hard rock interests and personality. He got glasses and it made him look hipster Rastafarian, but not really in a bad way. 




 Tesla died poor, you can thank him for your home electricity.

Also would like to add, a life and a job are separate, a life and a career are one. A career should reflect who you are, not the bills you need to pay. 




 If success is an account balance, society already failed. 




 I've caught myself doing this on a couple occasions, and its involved in political debates around the concept of separating religion and politics on a legal level. Making religious influence on politics barred comes up a lot in my circles, especially around topics of civil liberties.

Recently in the news, there's a athiest military pilot who is losing his contract soon because he won't make an oath to god. He has been willing to omit just the 4 or 5 words involving religion, but the U.S. Air Force is not moving on their position, and now face a civil rights lawsuit. 




 His career is his biggest joke.

Edit: so this is my new, most downvoted comment. Good, finally getting a reaction out of you guys. Even if that reaction is supporting a terrible "comedian." 




 I'll be the one Canadian to say it:

Poutine is trash. Waste of good fries. When you drown golden, crispy awesomesticks in gravy, and cheese curds *shudders*, all you get is an overpriced, soggy, disappointing meal. Might be better if any place can actually melt the cheese, or not use cheese curds (I really hate curds), but until that day, I'll take my money to buy a good plate of food, for probably cheaper. 




 Luckily you are not one of the three types of customers that need a slow, painful eradication;

One, the customer that literally can't shut up and let you work.

Two, the customer that barely acknowledges your existence, making it impossible to serve them.

Three, the customer that thinks "the customer is always right" justifies being a spineless piece of shit.

Everyone in customer service-like roles loves you! 




 Last time I went snowboarding, half the hill had some construction going on, but no one was checking to make sure the workers were staying in their area. Turns out they weren't, kicked up big rocks and shit, to be snowed over in a thin layer of white. So I go down the hill, hit one of the rocks. It knocks me over, I roll down into more rocks, nearly busting up my knee caps. If my aunt who was there wasn't a nurse, I probably would have gone to a hospital to see if theres any damage. I refuse to go down a hill again. 




 Being a shaman that wasnt created until well after ICC was released, I feel like I missed out on this sorta thing.

On the bright side my affliction warlock was unstoppable. 




 Soon, the blood of a virgin and your firstborn will be required. 




 Best click of my life! 




 When I was 12 the first artist I liked was Billy Joel, that evolved into Queen, The Beatles, Van Halen, Def Leppard, Stones, Iron Maiden, etc...

Lately I listen to a lot of Dire Straits and The Cure, throw in some European rock/metal.

Edit: thought I'd mention I'm 19 now. 




 Someone insert Lenny face for me please 




 I feel ya bud. Been doing it for years. It's not always weird or nothing to say. 




 Theres a joke here, somewhere... 




 Im guilty of this sometimes, but only because fuck you Adobe and your new "update" every week. 




 This is my mother, which blows my mind becauses shes been an accountant for 20 years, can use a calculator at light speed but can't type with even half her fingers. 




 Running the same instances over and over to level cap is the reason I don't level tanks or healers anymore. I recently leveled a Forsaken rogue 1-90 in 74 playing hours exclusively with quests, give or take an hour or two farming what few low level (or any level) Alliance still play on Area 52. I try to visit areas I haven't been through in a long time, which dramatically improves the leveling experience.

As for endgame, Cataclysm, while having a few cool raid mechanics in some fights, was largely unchallenging; Pandaria is faceroll. Nearly cleared Mogushan Vaults in first week of raiding in 2012, which prompted me to take a year and half hiatus from the game, before returning for PvP this spring. Flexible raiding does improve the raid scene, while LFR is pure cancer (I haven't had a group that could clear any raid in months). Unfortunately, Blizzard doesn't know what the game needs anymore, and is leaving LFR while removing Flex.

If anyone decides to want to try WoW again, I would highly recommend avoiding any raids and switching to ranked PvP. Yes, most people are idiots and will throw games. Join a good guild, get some gear, and do some arenas and rated battlegrounds. At first it will likely be easy as you climb the rsting ladders, but around 2000 or higher rating, you'll get stuck. And that's where the challenged and the fun begins.

TL:DR; stop raiding, start beating up players, the PvE community is for filthy casuals. 




 WoW. Yeah, I don't play that anymore... *cough* 




 When you have 1tb hdd available, why wouldnt you dump junk files cluttering ssd onto it?

I hear it constantly, "mechanical is so great you should ge-" no, go away. The clicking alone is reason not to get it. Then you have to press at least twice as far per keystroke. Thats wasted time. 
























 Last I heard he was an alcoholic and probably dabbling in hard drugs 




 CD: $20

Supporting favourite bands: priceless

Multimedia backup: infinitely priceless 




 Even an amateur can take primals and subprimals apart easily enough. We had a hog carcass (bled and eviscerated) brought to class in culinary school, it only takes 5 minutes to learn. 




 Or become Flash..? 




 Casuals. My household does that in a week 




 Pack your bags, boys. We found the brown note. 




 It wasnt really a big issue until the last 5-6 months if i was gaming for hours at a time. Now its retired to college use only and never runs hot. 




 My almost four year old Pavilion dv-7 notebook was decommissioned from gaming in january, but for lasting three years and tens of thousands of hours of gaming it was as reliable as they get. Also had a wireless mouse i bought around the same time, still works minus scrolling. 




 I'm in the culinary industry, 90% of the knives used are Victorinox and Henckels, until you start looking at a uber-expensive specialty knives like Damascus steel.

A good Victorinox 10" french is about $60. 




 Had Cave's voice in my head until coughing. Switched to Peter Parker's boss from there on. 




 My D1 brother loves to play initiate-heavy junglers (Lee Sin main). Whenever I watch him play, he always screams at the screen "the day I get any follow-up from my team is the day Asians don't win LCS again." 




 Is this what Rick-rolls have come to?

Sidebar, had to explain Rick-rolls to a foreign exchange friend. She now tries to Rick-roll me 4-5 times a day.

Edit: what, not was. 




 Wards let you know what's coming...?

When I support I light up that jungle like a forest fire. 




 Damn, my subconscious made an archery pun for me. Nice catch! 




 Used to shoot competitive archery with a leftie. Couldn't draw but damn he could hit those targets at 100 yards pretty well. Last I saw him he was training for worlds. Wonder what my bud Keenan is up to now. 




 Loosely tied into this, equal gender pay. I like to think I'm alright with social progress, but I will not support equal pay rights so long as I have to pay for every dinner, coffee, movie, etc.

In 7 relationships, not once did any of the ladies offer to cover the bill. Only one would pay for her half, sometimes. 3 of them made more than me too. 




 Meet my mother. Couldn't even say I'm athiest in a non-religious home. 




 We all know this woman. Know-it-all, thinks she's everyone's friend, uses feminism as an excuse for lack of hygiene. That's the Becky I (unfortunately) know.

Fucking Becky. 




 Last night... tonight... tomorrow leftovers... with other family in a couple weeks...... 




 It's like we have a holiday celebrating harvest season before theres frost and/or a metre of snow! 




 Calm down, Zeus. 




 There's a couple factors why I haven't carried cash in years. First of all, its inconvenient. Why should I waste my time, a cashier's time, and the time of others in line finding enough coin and bills to pay, when I can stick or tap a card at a device, and be out in under 15 seconds? Other factors are, my wallet doesn't have a change pocket, and neither do I feel like keeping change loose in my pockets. Also, cash is a liability. Most muggings do not end up in violence if you show your wallet has nothing but secure cards, at least where I'm from. 




 Food trucks here take debit, and half of them take credit as well. 




 Speaking on behalf of fellow Canadians, its called a "creeediiit caaaard" (or debit). Makes life easy and you can track how you waste your money poorly. 




 Padded seat backs? Here in Canada, that"padding" was 5mm sheet steel. 




 Not only normal, but professional. This is what we do in restaurant kitchens to keep clubhouses and such looking well made. 




 Fixed... 




 Pepsi is never ok in Canada either (you know, that thing north-er than north?). You either drink coke or you don't have tastebuds. Fact. 




 Being in college, I have no motivation (or energy) to focus on a lot of hardcore gaming or anything anymore, so I've been binging all 10 seasons of Stargate: SG1 for the last two weeks. Crack a beer and relax, no regrets! 




 Go listen to Just Like Heaven by The Cure, happens to me too 




 Its a matter of not knowing what you want. A story/example I had recently sums it up. A friend of mine wanted to make a gift basket for her friends birthday, so we went over to the liquer commission to find some wine. Well there's literally walls of wine in the place, from every corner of the world. She had no clue what she wanted, but I know a little bit from purchasing and making wine. Told the guy working there she wants something sweeter, with tones of bitter and dry. This guy had a suggestion almost immediately. 




 Found the Canadian, guys! Yay Great White Northerners 




 Just bought that album on CD last week, amazing study music 




 Its 2014, I was barely old enough to remember '97 forward, and I'm still rocking Dire Straits. 




 Does it really matter? It's the Beastie Boys, everything they are is an insult to the Rock Hall of Fame. 




 Its nice to know we have standards for food in Canada. 




 Referring to calling out the incompetence of target callers/other bad players? Granted I'm not the best player of any game out there, but when a team functions better ignoring the group leader, there's a problem. 




 One silence, one free fear, one fear that consumes shadow orbs. Hardly a lot of cc. Oh and a talent for roots or stationary fearing fiend if you walk near it. Granted I can drop it on your face, but its easy to get away from.

Its the warrior/druid cc monkeys that need to calm down.

I main a warlock as well, and while I agree cc is out of control, fears are literally my survivability. Not only am I losing most of this or its getting nerfed into the ground, I lose my only defensive cd as well. Warlocks are being gutted and it's why I probably won't pvp after 6.0 anymore, until Blizzard realizes they literally killed a class's viability.

Edit: grammer, spelling, priest content.

Edit 2: currently 1500 RBG rating, easily could have been 2.2k plus if I got along better with bad target callers. 




 My grandpa once said, "if it has tits or tires, it'll cost you a lot of money." Applies here too. 




 Inaccurate. Engineers actually work.

Otherwise spot on! 




 Sonething, something, joke about his ugly sweater-vests. Yeah, sounds about right! 




 No need for an army, give Canadians hockey sticks and tell us [insert bad guys here] have the puck 




 They w0t m8?

Edit: damnit guys this is my top comment? Alright I'll take it.. 




 Winnipeg checking in. Transit drivers are some of the worst drivers. If you don't have your ass bolted to the seat, prepare for a scary ride.

To make it relevant to the thread, Winnipeg Transit operators need to let people find a seat before slamming the gas or brakes. 




 Seriously though, when I'm with friends or whatever, phone is just a way to tell time. 




 630 class here. Still wearing a nice sweater (not some slack-jaws hoodie) and leather shoes. 




 Great White North isn't much better. If I make plans, I call (not text), to make surr plans are still good. And then I wonder why I'm the only one that does this. 




 How I love Tap with Mastercard. The second the Veriphone says accepted I say no receipt and get the hell out of the way. 
























 McCain's still beats Pillsbury

Edit: a word 




 1. Buy oreo cookies

2. Smash

3. Milk

4. Your girlfriend walks in, sees you, and walks away disappointed 




 The first problem is people keep listening to the radio.

Going to pick up the guys? In goes an album to the cars disk drive 




 In the patisserie (traditional baking) class im taking in culinary school, the hard chocolate comes in either a 10 pound bag, 5 pound pail, or 30 pound block. 




 Long live the bucket of Lego! 




 To play devils advocate on the topic, i used to be socially awkward and had anxiety, and facebook gave me a buffer to let me communicate with girls i just met. 




 My grandma uses the same toaster she got as a wedding gift in the early 70s, because that tank is made of sheet steel and will never die. 




 I thought it was 10 minutes of sponsor ads. 




 I would suggest to take one month and put fast food on a credit card at least twice a week. When you get your statement you'll never pull that shit again. 




 Might be harder to find here, I'll take a look next time I'm around the liquor commission 




 Still haven't seen KFC Double Down on this thread. 




 Canadian whiskey is still better. Goes down smooth, not like that battery acid stuff. 




 Ah American football, where large, greasy men fight for a stuffed leather sack that rarely touches a foot.

The original marketing for the sport wasn't well thought out for the name. 




 You're opinion on Sennheiser? I used to go through gaming headsets and fell in love with this pair i picked up a while ago, got a cheap tabletop mic to go with it. 




 With a truck like that, get remote start and here it belch diesel far away. 




 You have to "get it" to get it. You? You don't get it. 




 So France? 




 "See 20% further with these new lights!"

Yeah, lets blind oncoming traffic and cause a head-on. 




 Second time i visited the states from canada, i saw a jacked-up truck painted full camo with that sticker in the window beside the browning deer and an American flag decal, and truck nuts. 




 I would (about NFL) 




 I wouldn't say douche is the right word to label with Beats, but my multiple sound tech friends would argue they're one of  the biggest wastes of space on the planet 




 Dont hate my tilly 




 Your shirt says Tapout but your body says takeout. 




 Ameretto goes good in it... 




 Holy hell i just got this out of my head yesterday. Saw a comment mentioning it last month, listened to it once. It got stuck in my head and the next weekend i put it on a 7 hour loop. 




 Because whiskey sours and cuba libres! 




 I heard a while back that in the 80s Pepsi made it their policy to sell their product commercially at a fixed price, only adjusting for inflation. 




 Try coke zero and brushing teeth regularly. Helps a lot. 




 College and university aren't as predatory and useless as the "become a a dental hygienist assistant in as little as 6 months!" Places. Y'know, the college's that advertise at 2am on a weekday. 




 Wasted my risky click of the day on that.... 




 But i need fake internet points to match my piles of gold. Oh wait...  I'm already there! 




 I realize now I had Good Guy Dad. Mom pretends she's with the times but still lives with a ruler down her back.

When i started dating, Dad would lend me the car, get Mom out of the house, even burned the empty box of condoms he found in the back seat.

Edit: can't trust Mom, but Dad's a bro in my books. 




 To add to this, more schools need to enforce (with escorts off campus) poor appearance. The habit needs to be made to pay attention to hygiene and looking professional. So many students don't understand that a school is still a place of work. Dress for it like you would a job. No i do not mean where a suit every day.

I understand the pressure to look attractive and follow fashion trends. But thats all they are. *Trends*. Professionalism is timeless. 




 How is this an issue? Every kid I went to class with had the pressure of good college, scholarships, etc. We grew up knowing a worthless diploma from a nobody college would be a complete waste. 




 My middle school principal suspended a guy for a month for taping a fake moustache to himself.

"Disruptive behaviour" is the not so new name for anything that isn't "sit down and shut up." 




 Unless your child shows clear signs as an academic prodigy and will probably end up at Harvard or MIT, high school doesn't mean a thing as long as you pass.

I'm currently attending one of the best culinary schools in north america, and all they wanted was to know if i passed high school.

Same principle goes for youth sports. 99.999% of the time, you're kid's going nowhere as an athlete. Ease off the kid. 




 Our city's mayoral election was last month. One of the top candidate's was attacked with a facebook post his wife made, deleted, and publicly apologized for. Something derogatory (i don't remember what exactly) to someone of a minority group for nearly plowing into her car on a major route. She said it was a post made in anger that she volunteered to remove and make a statement about. 




 Hey r/AskReddit and r/PenmanshipPorn, I'm looking for good sources for quality and reasonably priced pens, inks, etc. for a gift set. Tips on what brands to buy and what to look for are appreciated. 

Set I found at the local mall (link below) has what I'm looking for, but I'm unsure on the quality.

http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/house-and-home/master-class-writing-set/762491146000-item.html?ikwid=pen+set ikwsec=Home ikwidx=26 




 Sounds about as useful as Moon Moon. 




 I guess my shoes will last forever; $300 Rockports 




 We have one of these in my college courses. And then gets pissed off when her goatee becomes a legal hygiene concern. 




 A lot of the western world is on a negative growth trend. Countries like India are on unsustainable growth trends. 




 I hear this so damn often. I save so many hundreds of dollars a year eating healthy. I highly doubt the cost of healthy food is the issue, as much as lazy bastards who couldn't be bothered to learn basic cooking skills. 




 An area of my city called Osborne Village. Hipster shops, independent clothing stores, and a great pub during the day/evening, muggings, stabbings and shootings at night.

Not every night, but at least once a month. 




 As Canadian but also chef, don't care as far as sausages go. 




 I have a good set of headphones (no, Beats are not good, they're Sennheiser), but my mixer looks like master volume at 30%, everything else at 4%, and other settings like in-game, Youtube, etc, set between 50-80%. I can't figure out how to fix how loud everything defaults to, and I'm not even bad with computers. Any ideas? 




 But you can save a ton changing oil yourself. All you need is a car jack, big pail, filter, and oil. I'd have my half ton changed under 15 minutes in my driveway. 




 As a cook i can confirm. 3 inch by half inch scar (we call them chef tattoos) on left forearm. Bumped a sheet pan loading a cooling cart. 
























 All customer service taught me is that most people are either pretentious or okay with publicly displaying their lack of intelligence. 




 Well I'm fucked now, my Teamspeak lobby should be rated R. The things we discuss and the jokes cracked, daaaamn. 




 I got a used falcon, x-wing, imperial shuttle, and a plethora of droids, stormtroopers, jedi, sith, and jawas from a garage sale when i was about 5 or 6 (around 2000). Best toys I ever had. 




 Unless you have to have a laptop for other proposes or need the mobility, absolutely no reason to get a laptop.

As for a gaming laptop, look at some of the mobility series from high end gaming companies. Probably spend more than $1000, but it will have what you need.

If all you need a laptop for other than gaming is basic office programs and a browser, get a super cheap laptop and build your own computer for a little more than $1200 




 Said no one ever haha 




 Had to leave Mok'Nathal because the population was small enough that either you raided with one of three guilds, pretended to pvp, or trolled trade chat and server forums.

So glad I moved to Area 52, happier that small servers are linked to real servers now. 




 Such a cheese champ, doesn't bring much utility to the game, safe as fuck always, and usually picked by the most self-righteous players. 




 I found Leeroy! 




 This is exactly how children and violent media work. So many misinformed people link media to "violent" children, but nearly every time its a kid recreating what he saw.

I can't remember a summer growing up we didn't play war with water guns made for that purpose. 




 20 yo checking in. Not only is it mandatory, but so is every vocal part. And solos, most definitely can not forget the solos. 




 As someone who reacts terribly to cheese curds, shredded will do just fine. 




 My mother and I get into fights like this all the time. I just have a very basic tolerance for stupidity.

I was around her house one time, and she asked me to make space for her to make coffee in the morning. No big deal. I empty a sink and wipe down part of the counter. Well apparently making a pot of coffee involves mopping the floor and 20 feet of uncluttered counter space. Queue heated argument. 




 I'm sorry, but growing up and this game on air for the next I didn't know how long (I was about 5) I couldn't get into the storyline. Whenever I saw that show dominating the cartoon channels I pretty much didn't watch tv because there wasn't really any alternatives.

Might have been well animated, but I still hate that show. 




 I come from a well off family and neighbourhood, but I have no desire to lock myself into a massive mortage for a house I don't want in suburbs i despise.

Downtown living is where its at. 




 Was watching bro and his friends playing, I think one of them had that skin, the way he played.

He also couldn't combo the charge, which I mastered by Dirt IV rank. 




 Fucking Becky.. 




 Don't you dare drag Us into it. 




 My senior year thesis-style essay was written about this and how remotely separate the two subjects are. IIRC the overlap of gamers and reported violence (either school or criminal records) is about 0.03% according to the average of my sources. Its pretty minimal.

In my section where I played devil's advocate, I allowed for some grey area where children play a game and then reenact it. This doesn't happen with just violent video games though. Ever since the begining of time children have copied what they see in the world. My great grandfather was a farmer, so my grandfather played with toy tractors. My grandpa was military and big into war history and movies, so my dad played soldier and had toy tanks.

Those extremist parents blaming games for violence, I think, are unable to distinguish reenacting and acting out violently as separate subjects. 




 The average Starbucks "patron" doesn't order coffee, just coffee-flavoured liquid sugar and foam with more sugar and shit on top. 




 Had an exam and right after was a course evaluation. Of course theres a box to rate how expressively enthusiastic you are about your work. 

Im probably the least outwardly expressive type there is... 




 Circumcision. Bam, no problems. 




 I turn food, drink, and time into a massive reddit browsing history. 




 The main reason four ways are still a thing is because they're cheap and drivers can be idiots to change.

My city added a few of them in recent years, and have they ever cleaned up some congestion. They're just small, single lane ones but it noticeably helps.

This year a proposal was made to convert the busiest intersection downtown into a roundabout. I support the idea, if the average driver in my city had an IQ over 4. 




 Back in high school, a friend of mine in graphical arts went around the building and violated EVERY mouse he could find by taping over the infrared sensor a little printed troll-face meme guy.

Sat back and watched people slowly lose their minds until checking the sensor...  




 Spielberg based the storming of Omaha beach off of tactics reported from the success of Juno beach.

Regardless, every beach had it rough. Whenever asked about it, my late great grandfather would only say "lot of good men died," while walking away. 




 But... why? Whats wrong with a whisk? 




 I use my ratios as I am professionally trained to. 




 Now pass the nachos 




 One batch of hollandaise is just 3 eggs, a little fine diced onion, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire drops, tabasco, cayenne pepper, and 3-4 oz of clarified butter. A splash of water to thin it out.

Granted im a cook, but having a recipe card is unnecessary.

Last note, 99% of restaurants use powder mix because its easy to get health violations with essentially undercooked egg sauce. 




 "Sir, order something or get out please." 




 I don't. I had instructors that pushed classical while throwing theory out the window. I've learned more from Super Quest videos on Youtube. 




 Math checks out. 




 Honestly, most people who don't have training are too scared to try because they might break ribs. Which happens sometimes, regardless of training. 




 Or Canada 




 As an individual with arachnophobia, I want to slug someone every time they link shit about spiders on facebook (who the hell still uses facebook, I know, its just something to idle on at the bus stop). Because its not just a "check out this weird looking thing" its a big HD image of some hairy spawn of Satan. 




 I've done enough online bill payments and shopping to have my card number, authorization number, and expiry date memorized. 




 It feels like Zilean is one of those underrated supports that quietly dominates when left unchecked. 




 Summoners that never made perfect support plays would say that.

Bought Zilian, first game played I combo'd perfectly, so satisfying.

Slowed enemy carry, reset and sped my carry, carry nearly dies- but wait there's more! Ult and bam, carry is back. Dead enemy carry, turret and inhibitor downed. 




 The older he got, the more cynical his material. I love it!

When Netflix put some of his specials on, binged it all in a night. 




 I enjoy how Garrisons are blended into the questline so it doesn't feel grindy yet.

As for farming, I've always been excellent at it, so I could have hundreds of potions and dozens of flasks in an hour or two. But I know the feeling, especially dailies. Dailies made me leave MoP for a year and a half. 




 I managed to get an hour of playtime in Draenor after an hour long queue before the servers crashed.

So far, satisfying.

Garrisons are kinda cool, and one of few areas that currently don't have all the new expansion latency. 




 Where some people like a thigh gap, I like it filled in just right. Huge turn on for me. 




 Most football players tend to be large guys, and sports makes people sweaty. Nothing but facts here. 




 Woah insults uncalled for, which btw I'm 5'11" and a healthy 190 lbs 




 An attractive feature that sold me is the ball joints (or sliding locks) attaching the speakers to the handband. So many expensive heatsets use cheap plastic swivel hinges that break within a couple months. 




 Not sure if joke or pun (I am familiar with the commercial). 




 Are you;

A. Still dating her?

B. Wearing pants?

Good luck if you answered both no! 




 I completely agree. I go to the city college, and while we might be immature at times (helps with stress in the kitchens), we at least dress in good jeans, sweaters, button downs, dresses and skirts. 
























 Missed the launch, but dad was a computer comm major so i was familiar with computers by 3 and changing/upgrading parts by 5 haha 




 I wasn't born until 95', so for me its unfamiliar seeing people say "i remember wanting x-model..." since i build my own custom computers.

While comparing modern computers to past nostalgia, my latest build:

2 GB Asus r7 graphics

16 GB GSkill RAM

3.4GHz Intel i5 fourth gen processor

500 GB Seagate HDD w/ 16 MB cache

250 GB Kingston SSD

Asus z-87 motherboard

650 watt Corsair power supply

3 metres royal blue LED lights inside a beautiful clear side paneled Bitfenix Ronin midsize tower. 




 Thanks, was going off a live recording, couldn't tell. 




 Traditional blues and blues-heavy rock and roll is written that way.

Rock me baby

Rock me all night long

Rock me baby

Honey rock me all night long

Rock me baby

Like my back aint bad no more

-Rock Me Baby 




 Nice job, dancing around and twisting my words. I don't know either way if the levels of CO2 in the atmosphere is good or not (most evidence says its bad), but the way its extracted from the ground is definitely terrible.

Go look up about the Canadian Oil Sands, probably the ugliest scar in my country. Thousands of square kilometres of forests leveled and rivers poisoned to dig black shit out of the ground. 




 In a similar vein, Eight Legged Freaks.

8 year old me watching a "comedy" about your not-so-friendly neighbourhood spiders traumatized me into having arachnophobia.

Webs make me uncomfortable, if I see a spider I go apeshit on it with something heavy, and people who post pictures of common phobias on reddit and social media, fuck you.

Edit: just yesterday someone front paged with about bed checking in Dominican for spiders. 




 My childish bitching and lying? Where did you see that? I'm voicing that from what I've seen, he has no interest in anything but destroying one of the richest environments on the planet in the name of fossil fuels.

And I did not know he won on that platform, which in itself is pathetic on the candidates and voters part.

When said voters realize, "shit, we fucked up," all the changes made will take a while to correct. 




 I assume you think that is normal, which it couldn't be further from. 




 The last five years of my life are a blur, my perception of time is shot. 




 As a Canadian looking in on the situation with your PM, seems like this guy knows hes out next election and just wants to waste as much government time as possible while oil companies line his pockets. So much work needs to be done to revert everything he's done in the last couple years. 




 "Holy shit, I see old Mr. and Mrs. Franks through their bedroom window." 




 Haha some good British wit from my favourite beer! 




 Its still black outside when I'm leaving the house. 




 Get a load of this guy, must be nice having time in the morning to sit and have coffee. 

Gotta get my news on phone while mounting the porcelain throne, shave in the shower, and eat on the bus. 




 |get the butcher to drop off his meat

Heh

 




 In war, the only thing that changes is how deadly the weapons are. 




 Metacritic, search title, read a couple reviews of all ratings to get a feel for pros-cons of the movie.

Sure, this isn't exactly a specific reviewer, but I haven't seen a bad movie (voluntarily) in a long time. 




 Not sure if I want to upvote nearly every comment in this post because I agree, or because its 8 am Christmas day and I haven't slept yet. 




 Ahhh, the great reddit circlejerk phenomenon 




 This is no plane, its a tank with wings! 




 I have to disagree. 4chan is kinda the asshole of the internet.
 




 There is a simple beauty in the political system (name?) that requires executive leaders voted into office to not run big campaigns, or even express desire to have power. 




 I meant subtlety is slow for leveling. All single target burst, no cleave. 




 Alone January 1st, 2013, 2014, will be again 2015. I feel your pain. 




 Full heirlooms, with enchants. Played subtlety because it was supposed to be a pvper before being benched as a side project. Didn't make it level any faster, should have gone combat or assassination for leveling speed. 




 Ehhh, Dragon Soul was pretty cake. Usually told the other tank to go DPS on most fights, and healers to let me heal myself.

Death Knights OP. 




 The true face of SPECTRE! 




 Wait is that Recount..? No, no, no, get rid of it. Skada is superior. Simpler interface, uses way less processing power. Really nice for endgame when graphics and lag tend to go to shit (I don't have lag myself). 




 Im pretty sure I will never do LFR this expansion. Taking 3 hours out of my day for a chance at loot I'll probably get that night in heroic raiding while dealing with the other 90% of WoW population.

The golden rule of building a raid team; recruit ~100 players, run tryouts, because 90% of them have an IQ of 4. 




 Pretty slow is an understatement. Im a pretty shit rogue but it took less than 3 or 4 days to hit 90 before WoD. 




 Ohhh I missed a reference, my bad 




 Its a joke. I enjoy and respect the man's talent. 




 Something something allegedly? 




 Everyone I try to get into the game always quits so early. They barely leave starting zones and give up. The world is (generally) better the further in you get. 




 Which is called a steel 




 Ugh, not this. My mother has this awful habit where if I say something that accidently offends her, its my fault she was offended. If she offends me, I'm either overreacting, or its my fault I didn't see it her way. 




 How...? I don't remember anything from a lecture on human behaviour yesterday. 




 It varies with every brand and type of knife. Cheap knives are made to not be sharpened, because they're essentially disposable. Good brands like Henckels, Victorinox, and Global are standard edged, so just put the blade 12* to the stone.

Some other notes, I prefer water stones because its a little quieter, but you end up with water all over the counter (not a big deal).

As well, there's two common styles of sharpening, European and Asian/Japanese. Basically European starts with the block lengthwise towards you, and sharpened by dragging the heel of the blade towards and to the side of you, to get the whole blade. Japanese is faster, but trickier. Take the knife in a good grip and use a chiselling motion from tip to heel (holy hell don't stab the stone and break the knife!).

I like to start Japanese on a rough stone to start with a new edge, then work up over three grades of stones with European. Every few strokes run your thumb perpendicular the blade to check for a lip. If there's one you oversharpened one side. And use the steel rod to finish. And keep using it when using knives a lot. I run my French knife over steel every 15-20 minutes of continuous use. 




 Long story short, loss of tax revenue and it would exile parts of eastern Canada. 




 If anything people who get plain diamonds should envy something different. Originality is nearly dead these days, and the single reason diamonds are worth anything is because its a monopoly business. Literally one company says they're expensive, therefore jewellers charge a lot. 




 Did he run out of mana potions...? 




 Pretty sure I'm the only one on the planet that thinks both bands are rolling in overrated mediocrity. 




 Take that back, you sick bastard!! Those fairies aren't worthy of being in the same sentence as The Stones. 




 Professional cook here, if the knife in question makes a lot of noise during sharpening, the person sharpening is doing it wrong.

On rough grits it should sound quieter than walking on gravel, smooth grits shouldn't make any noticeable sound.

If you mean running the edge over the steel rods, that is the most satisfying sound we love to hear in the kitchen. That doesn't sharpen the knife, it straightens the blade, and should sound gloriously smooth if sharpening was done right. 




 As in hammering sheets of steel...? Or when a rock get stuck between the brake pad and disk? 




 I felt that scrape the inside of my skull... 




 I automatically assume people that do that have a below average intelligence, because it's often caused by shitty posture and bad style (usually skate shoes with pants belted below the ass). 




 I wanted something more subtle, so every text and notification gives me a "blub blub!" 
























 Unless I switch to the Razer Naga Chroma, which I won't, I'll stick with my wired 19 buttons thanks. 




 And half the time I should be sleeping... I have a reddit problem. 




 Its a fun game but holy hell I'm glad I got out before the addiction set in. Having a heroin habit is less expensive. 




 I don't know how this comment has so much support, but I'll plead my case anyways.

Couple years ago I took nutrition, and we had assorted fresh fruit and vegetables brought in, organic and traditional varieties.

All of the organic forms tasted less bitter and looked healthier.

Before any one of you say that organic food is a scam of any sort, go try it. Compare a usual strawberry vs. an organic one. You will immediately notice a difference.

As well, organic food is often comparably priced. Even up here in the Great White North, which is frozen 1/3 of the year, we can get quality organic food for barely more than the usual. Most of the cost of non-organics is shipping. Many common fruits and vegetables come from California. 




 I don't have a desk (ok its a counter), but when the restaurant is slow the waiters bring us water/fountain drinks when we want it. One of the perks being paid only $13/hour for an entry level job. 




 OR....! Drink it at a reasonable pace. Get up for more coffee more often. Same idea as the water bottles people are taking about. 




 I had an applied math teacher in high school that packed the bottom drawer of his desk with Clif bars. Popped one open every hour or two, helped him lose 50 pounds in a semester by keep the metabolism going all day plus exercising. 




 Which side of the bars he's on. 




 Eh. Love the movie, hate the actor. 




 Does no one realize this is an overpriced roundabout?? 




 Canadian too. Didn't realize White Castle is a real thing until much later... 




 Last winter my car was written off because some stupid bitch in her daughters SUV with 4WD was going 20km over on the iciest road in the city, thought she could start braking with just 10 metres. Put her engine block through the trunk and almost into my backseat.

I had some boards in the trunk, if I was leaning on the centre armrest at all, one of the boards would have broken my arm.

Didn't matter to insurance that my 18 yo car was in mint condition (no scratches, rust, etc) with new tires and small engine upgrades, didn't get near enough payout to get another car. Been stuck using a transit system about as reliable as a crackhead. 




 Most kitchens are pretty relaxed, but there are some hardass bosses. If youre not working quickly or putting out bad product, the head and sous chefs will call you out on it.

But the shit and abuse Ramsey pulls is all for shock value on camera. Those people working in there most likely sign papers waiving rights to sue for the emotional abuse he deals.

Things were different say 20 years ago, ive heard stories of chefs smacking people around with large ladles or throwing insert pans across the kitchen. That doesnt fly anymore. Thats now included in battery charges. 




 Why is weather reporting still a thing? Unless a tornado is going to level my house, it doesnt matter if its rain or shine. 




 Enjoy the hole in the ground, or the waters of Its a Small World at Disney. 




 I like seeing the issue raised so often. Social problems like gun control aren't a circlejerk, they're a topic that needs to be worked out immediately. 




 Used to see a Lamborghini at a local church in the pastor's/priest's/trained monkey's spot during summer months. Never sat well with me. 




 And the most successful scam to be legally protected in very country in the world, save state-enforced athiest nations. 




 Where I'm from, 45 melts tires eh? 




 Not even entertainment, just sensationalism. 




 How is this not higher. Started a new job this week, no clue what my hourly wage is. 




 Wouldn't surprise me if thats how Ramsey ends his career/free life. As far as celebrity chefs go, his food is unimaginative and basic, his aggression in a real kitchen would violate numerous human rights, and top it all with failing restaurant(s).

Source: work at a french restaurant, and my executive chef feels the same way. 




 ITT: people are all comedians and needy bastards. I love reddit haha. 




 I hate that guys guts. I don't find anything he says funny; watched a few episodes, loved George, Kramer is a goof, but then he comes and hits the buzzkill switch. 




 Eh, maybe yellow. Its an awkward place to scrub while standing one one foot in the shower.

This kinda blew up while I was at work, figures my top comment is about washing damn feet. 




 Have aspergers. Most of us don't do repetitive behaviours like that. 




 Gotta have that morning shower. And after work shower (kitchens are hot and messy). But that ice cold post-workout shower is so refreshing too. 




 Being in the culinary business, its shit like this I hate. Sure its small, its supposed to be. That kind of salad is meant to prepare your palette for the main dish.

I'm going to guess you're used to your drive-thrus and 6 big mac combos, with diet coke because you're watching what you eat.

Food is more than shovelling horrid quantities in a gapping maw. It really is an art. It must taste good, and look good too.

As for the pricing comments I'm seeing, it is pretty common for upscale restaurants to have a flat rate and pick a starter, main, and dessert. It may be $40, that's because 75% of the cost goes to paying people who spend years and tens of thousands of dollars training to do the job. 




 Unprotected straight sex seems to lead to an increase in females growing parasites for ~9 months, and when its finally removed, have cloth and care for it for another 16+ years.

I don't like kids, can you tell?

Edit: to make my point relevant, there's a lot of shitty straight people doing things to mess up others lives, especially children, so straight relationships aren't gilded in gold and silver. Let people do what they want and be done with it. 




 So many hotkeys? Haha! The only game I've ever played with less buttons to push was Pokemon, when I was 6.

I've played a lot of games, and nearly all of them had more hotkeys.

Fast forward many years, my Naga has every button and scroll wheel position bound with shift and control modifiers. Now THAT is a lot of hotkeys. 




 Thinking of moving there from Canada in a few years.

From what I've read, lots of social benefits, 85% athiest population, and 90% of the country speaks English.

Also, Swedish meatballs. 




 Theres like 4 major chains for guys to shop at without driving to the other side of the city, selection is limited, so stop being a judgy prick. 




 Was just talking to a friend from Pennsylvania last night about this.

Apparently you Yanks don't have delicious Canadian Hawkins Cheezies. Claims to be made with pure real cheddar with a satisfying crunch.

Its like Cheetos but infinitely better.

Edit: to be fair, I can't get Sprecher root beer in Canada so I have to make trips south for it. 




 Various online retailers, its the 21st century 




 Take the preaching elsewhere, i like the music and dont care about their personal lives. 




 Ah. One is just Bob Marley and the Wailers, the other is Bob with the quote "only ourselves can free our minds" 




 Only if you get caught. 




 I came here for an explosion and saw what looks like a big bag of chalk go poof. 




 Hardly fair, I have a lot of shirts with favourite bands and artists; Van Halen, Led Zepplin, Bob Marley, The Beatles, AC/DC, etc. 




 Pierre Trudeau wore capes, and a lot of people seemed to like him. 




 Need a comfy pair of stringless leather shoes. Like walking on a cloud 




 Can confirm. I enjoy classic Stones. A lot of people seem to get along well with me. 




 My brother says this as his go-to instead of laughing. 




 Here in Canada, Bootlegger carries some very fashionable Affliction shirts. I don't get it either. 




 I do believe its slang for British pound. 




 Highmaul isn't going to raid itself. 




 Cache memory was the same but didn't know about the hyper threading. Will have to read about that.

Not that I will ever need an i7, I play WoW and SWTOR and stream netflix. 




 Its personal choice to spend money how you want, but if you look at the numbers between the current i5 and i7, its a .1 or .2 GHz difference (at least when i built my tower last February). Couldn't justify that difference for the extra $100.

My laptop is pretty old now too, 1.7 GHz i7, first gen from 4 years ago. 
























 You start the game level 1, no gold, no stuff, no skills, no connections. You put in some work to get skills, making some money along the way.

Maybe you need to kill some kobalds to make your gold today. You get experience, you get more skills, and you make more money slaying giants. 

Now you can afford some stuff, have a few skills, moving up in the world. Then while killing black drakes in The Badlands you see some level capped raider flying by, decked out in awesome gear. You want to be that guy, but you need more skills and experience for that job. But you want it, and will work for it.

Now you are that pimped out, level capped guy. But then a new expansion rolls, better gear and new opportunities open up. Make better gold, have nicer stuff, maybe get a promotion in your guild.

Anyone else seeing how WoW basically is a timeline of employment? 




 About time I get a window curtain that fits my sleeping lifestyle; zero light, zero sound, just comfy sheets. 




 That's my entire city. 




 I'm currently dealing with a college that forces me to take a paid work placement, but doesn't pay enough for the next semester.

To top it off, my college charges me $900 to go on a paid work placement! $900 for someone else that doesn't work for the college to do my on site training. 




 Hook your thumb on the inside, pinch with two fingers on outside of strap, snap fingers and poof! 




 I think you guys need to borrow my hands. I just rip that stuff open. 




 Casuals. Gotta do the one handed fingers-snapping motion. 




 US special forces does a lot of training beside our regular infantry. 




 Not as long as most users are American it seems. 




 Pretty sure White Death was Finnish too. 




 Manitoba checking in. Piss off, but at least my beers cold too. 




 Ah, while I have your attention, a question.

All of my comments are using the assumption many employees have little or no experience or knowledge in what they sell. How accurate is my ignorance? 




 Its pretty much managers, department heads then all the randoms they use to fill in hours. 




 Somekne forgot to check if their fly was up... 




 I'm tempted to make some business cards with that quote followed by "I'll take my business elsewhere if more staff try to lower my IQ with their presence" 




 Every time I have to go there for something, all the staff pounce on me.

Finally got so fed up I pulled a Ron Swanson and told them all "I know more than you" 




 Reminds me of that scene from The A-Team remake where they're flying a tank. Except this tank actually flies. 




 TL:DR classic keyboard courage. 




 Destro is a burst spec so proc/on use trinkets are best. Also taking a hit to item level to get rid of versatility and haste is worth it, within about 15-20 item level. 




 Cant chain chaos bolts effectively without the glyph though. 




 Copeland's Clarity and any stage of Sandman's Pouch is BiS for destruction. 90% of their dps comes from those trinkets.

I use Weakauras2 to track when Sandman's procs, then I use my Dark Soul-Copeland's-potion macro immediately. The procs often comes in the first 10 seconds of a fight, so I try to get 3 full embers before 9 seconds left on proc, then unload Chaos bolts.

If there is a second target available that will survive long enough, Havoc that target and hit main target/boss.

If the proc comes early, try to get two Bolts out and wait until next Dark Soul phase (use second Dark Soul after opener with 3-4 Bolts ready).

Always Havoc when proc/Dark Soul is up if possible.

Also use Glyph of Havoc. Large dps gain. 




 Warlock here. Currently shitting on everyone in progression raiding. 




 Mmm but he sure is fun to dominate with!

I had all the low IP champions I wanted so I started trying out different champs, picked up Zil and won lane in the next five games by a landslide. 




 Not in the true sense of three sexes, but some whale species need a third wheel to keep the other two from sinking while he gives her his Moby Dick. 




 Meh on The White Stripes. That's mostly Jack White rocking out while Meg does whatever it is they call drumming. 




 Headstone- Djerv

Agnete Kjlsrud has such a stage presence, would definitely love to meet my punk rocker crush. 




 Minor difference. Was only meaning its a plant and not whatever chemicals commonly used. 




 I'd like to mention that many professional restaurants like seeing McDonald's on a resume specifically for it's training program.

Sure the food is shit, but they can have anyone trained to handle food (or whatever they pass off as food) in just a couple weeks. 




 1. It's a naturally occurring root ground into powder.

2. One teaspoon replaces two cups of sugar.

3. Makes the best sweet tea I've ever had. 




 To be fair, anyone that can count to 10 (ages 2+, let's be fucking real here) can use the entire metric system.

I've tried for years to wrap my head around Imperial, and it's still a poorly thought-out mess. 




 Idk about other places, but last I heard all Canadian railroad personnel had to be trained and certified by national standards in their field. 




 This sounds like a series of events leading to a horrible car accident involving genitals. 




 I just made a lengthly comment somewhere in here about it.

The TL:DR of it, seniors would scream age discrimination if it was a fixed age instead of case by case reviews from medical professionals. 




 While stating young people shouldn't drive is beyond stupidly obvious, older age groups should be retested for licencing.

To avoid age discrimination, I think the best way would be for medical professionals be legally bound to forward recommendations to governing bodies that control drivers licencing if there is evidence to suggest comprised ability.

Example, John the 76 year old retired machinist sees his optometrist, who records eyesight that falls into a predetermined range of questionable public safety, so he goes and gets retested on driving ability.

It's not as simple as "old people make driving dangerous," and I know first hand. My great grandfather is in his early 80s and is in better condition than people half his age. 




 I don't text and drive, but I do keep my phone in the cup holder in case I get an emergency call and need to pull over. 




 We can be nice people, until you start messing with us or our stuff, then expect to get whacked with a hockey stick. 




 Played RPGs all my life, tried a few FPS campaigns and multiplayer, went back to RPGs because they are vastly superior in storylines, characters, customizing, world maps, and 100% less 12 year old mom bangers for offline games. 




 I think you mean authenticity of the $39 sticker. 




 Irishman or most of Boston? 




 One of my closest friends came from a reserve, and we got talking about how the system there works. Apparently (at least for that reserve), our government gives grants to the chief, who then decides what is done with the funding, whether its infrastructure, cultural enriching, even supporting families.

This system is inherently corrupt though: my friends father or grandfather butted heads with the current chief so he gives nothing to support anyone of that particular lineage. 




 Haha I knew someone would get it 




 Could always just say you lost your faith after [made up dramatic tragedy because mass media is almost non-existent in most of 1815]. 




 Reminds me of that scene in 1000 Ways to Die in the West where NPR pulls out a dollar and the scruffy father tells his son "take your hat off! That there is a real dollar!" 




 If its on a harddrive...

Obscurely place, 4 TB file labled Horse Porn. Nobody's touching that. 




 I heard its good, maybe tonight then 




 Read that last bong as a fog horn and laughed so hard the neighbours dog howled. 




 Yes, which is odd for a 20 yo. Not sure on the correlation though.  




 Have you ever heard of Redbox?

Also the nostalgia of renting a movie, hnnng. 
























 You just summed up the logic of every Empire player in Star Wars The Old Republic haha! 




 You bastard and your sick reference. Have a damn upvote. 




 20 yo as well checking in. Used to come home after middle school and watch it. 




 That's called the "Steve Jobs" lifestyle 




 My girlfriend is actually the true definition of curvy, with thinner waist and round hips, but she wants to lose some weight still.

Honestly I hope this fat acceptance craze dies down and people realize that leading a healthier lifestyle will better them. Im not saying everyone has to be a supermodel, but knowing the health risks of being overweight and trying to make a healthier you will lead to better happiness. 




 Thats why its so much easier to be an individual. Its kinda like "piss on you guys, I'm gonna go be not judgy over there." 




 Growing up as a kid who took technology and gaming quite seriously and competitively, I can confirm. I'm in culinary school and I remember jack shit on the job, constantly asking questions on stuff I know I should have memorized. Working on retraining a proper memory sucks. 




 Now I'm a bit of a fanboy for J.R.R. Tolkien and Peter Jackson, I loved all the movies for Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit (the last is a better book though), but it will be a veeery cold day in hell before I read Fellowship of the Ring again.

Let me summarize; rolling green hills of The Shire, birthday party, Frodo gets the ring, rolling green hills of The Shire, walk around The Shire, rolling green hills of The Shire, Ring Wraiths, rolling green hills of The Shire, Tom Bombadil, a freaky forest... rolling green hills of The Bloody, God Damn Shire.

It continues like this for nearly the entire book. For anyone that has seen the movie before the book, you will get a third of the way through it and start getting annoyed that they arent out of The Shire yet, but wait, there's more of it! 




 I met Michael Buble at a bakeshop near my college last year. He was placing an order for an afterparty for his concert the next day, all the staff were posing and he had a bakers hat on.

Dude looks hella old when he has no makeup and a week's scruff on his face. 




 Even so, that'd be a cool urban legend for a music legend. 




 *Red October, shtanding by. 




 I have 4 knives I commonly use. And it's a nice little French restaurant 




 Being a cook at a restaurant, I'd rather have 10000 spoons than 10 knives. Spreads sauces so much faster, and I'm always running out of spoons. 




 600 000 population of Vancouver? Is The Guardian only counting West Vancouver?? We have more that than over here in Winnipeg; the Vancouver most Canadians think of includes Surrey, Burnaby, etc. 




 All that screaming is just for cameras. Chefs can be sued now for unhealthy working environments and abuse.

Also, as a cook in the fine dining industry, to hell with competitive cooking. That is not what food is about. Every level headed chef will tell you all food has a time and place.

Duck confit? Delicious French cuisine. Shitty McBurger? Good drunk food. It doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it. One of those cooks might brew up the best recipe for braised cow tongue, but if no one wants it, who cares? 




 I hate elo hell!!!

No, I did not steal your kill with my rocket grab, I secured the kill you couldn't be bothered to aa for the kill!

I've taken a liking to playing balls deep aggressive Blitzcrank support, and the last few games have been nothing but adcs with zero follow up. I literally set up double kills and all the adc has to do, but doesn't, is show up, use an ability and aa, and bam, time to kill a turret. 




 With so many issues with bad cyclists, bad drivers not respecting cyclists, and everything, I can't see how jurisdictions haven't made it law to regulate ALL road transportation, including cyclists.

Example, last year there was a cyclist that caused and died in a three car pile up during busy traffic near the city football stadium because making a left into incoming traffic is always a good idea. 




 In the same vein, if you're not on a major unlit highway, turn your damn highbeams off. I'm sick of being in parking lots and side streets late at night and being half blind the whole time.

Unless there's a catastrophic storm worth of rain or snow pouring in the city, regular lights work just fine! 




 Anyone else remember the heavy compaigning by Bond fans to replace Craig as soon as they announced him as the new 007? When Casino Royale was released, Craig nailed the performance and won over a ton of angry fans. 




 Even though they stole them from great mother Belgiumland!! 




 I love hanging out with my friends and playing some games, watch a movie, get some takeout, whatever. Sometimes we split a few bowls, chat, and have a great time. Never once has anyone talked about how much they did/could smoke or harassed the others about doing more. Its entirely about the social experience for us and we love it. And we don't get together for the high, usually its to hang out or have a barbecue, fun stuff.

Edit: we aren't even typical stoners; I'm in college to be a chef, my best bro is a entertainer, and our friends are university students for engineering, music, etc. 




 The girl I'm seeing did this to me, or so I thought. I found out days later she was recovering from a minor heart attack (gotta love those health conditions) and otherwise loved that I was so concerned for her. 




 Even some of the microbrews can be hit and miss on the prairies. Personally I prefer European imports, except Guinness, that just tastes like tar. 




 Of course my mind imagines this as a thing between Carol and Krieger and his van... 




 I dont know if the mind would register the pain different when pushing out a 6 or 10 pound ham. 




 Getting a new car changed my life.

Spend a day in my life, what sounds better? 2 hours on a bus that smells like alcohol, piss, and wasted lives? Or 15 minutes (exact same route) jamming out to your own music like you dont care? 




 Manitoba checking in. Storm drains finally cleared of all the snow melt. The potholes are so bad this year city services and radio stations have report-a-pothole hotlines set up. 




 Witherchin. We all thought it. 




 Or glitter-sneezing fabulous on the inside. 




 Ive been binging Archer lately and read that in Sterlings voice. 




 I have no sources to support my thoughts, but i think boys and men generally lack a creative mind without training it. We prefer preset objectivesthat are achieved in a stimulating manner (the classic "whats the job/task/quest/whatever and how do i do it in an awesome way?). I think this is partly why the gaming community is so dominated by guys. 




 I must be the only one having a good time with Bell. I got my plan upgraded, cut the price to student rates, an extra year of insurance, and i got the phone i wanted for zero dollars. I will never go back to MTS, with their awful customer service, failed tech support/repairs, and overpriced/useless data plans on cheap brands no one in the western world has heard of. 




 I have never seen such a misinformed post in my reddit experience.

Yes climate change is a big deal, but its definitely not very big as to why US is running short on water.

Many of the surface water sources are polluted, aquifers are nearly drained to sustain cities that shouldn't exist, such as Las Vegas and parts of California.

Whenever a governing body deems there is an excess of a water source (there is no such thing when it is one of the few things sustaining life on earth), they sign really shitty contracts to sell to Nestle for next to nothing.

The US is running out of water because of decades of corruption, greed, and mismanagement. 




 Ugh, can pop/rap/hip hop finish its phase so real talent can be mainstream again?

I've rocked out so many times to the likes of No Doubt, Paramore, Save Ferris, etc. 




 I'm 20, not like I've had a few shirts with his face on for a couple years... 




 How about we trade Minnesota for Alberta? 




 Back when warcraft 3 was a thing i met a guy from atlanta that didn't know north dakota existed.... 




 My guess is Havanese (spelling?). My aunt has one and he's just adorable and full of energy. 




 Not going to the bottom to see if its here;

Octavarium by Dream Theater (24:00)

If you haven't heard it, my best description is its a prog rock symphony. Or spend the next 24 minutes changing your life. 




 I am Murloc...? 




 Have you seen Foxcatcher? He's looking like he's twice that age. Time is not treating him well. 




 Journey has way better in their catalog than Don't Stop Believing. And none of it is so called arena rock garbage.

Lots of ballads actually, with some randomness thrown in. 




 Went to see a movie this week with a friend. I was distracted and just followed her into the theatre room, found seats, sat for half an hour before realizing we're in the wrong room.

Sidebar, what are those rooms called? We don't really have a word for it in my area; the whole building is a theatre and each room showing a film is a theatre. 




 Which aren't even French. They're Belgian. 




 I'm always tired, cut some slack 




 As a cook, thi... wait, wrong thread. 




 Playing both league and wow, I agree. 10% margine of error isnt terrible. Same for wow, so many people complain about nerfs to dps for certain classes/specs every patch, but nearly ever time all specs are within 5% of each other, so all specs are viable to an extent.

No one can balance a game perfectly, deal with it and get better. 




 Why is it always left wing/right with you Americans?

Grow up and realize some people are just as stupid as the next. 
























