 That's why u sleep when you want your quarter, so you won't be traumatised when she arrives. 




 Na, were main characters in every bodies story. Everything we do effect one another.
 




 CREATOR OF THIS POST, know that you have saved lives with this thread, thus saving many worlds. I thank you.

Also, I like to say that this reminds me of the theory: every thing you see is an illusion, a vision inside your head that you can not prove 100% to be real.
 If this theory is true that means that, with the power of your mind,  you can change the world anyway you want. 




 Pls tell me vid
I need to know
 




 We should ask this to gold member 




 It's like that movie where the evil oil monster is defeated by the wood chipper and he gets trap into the tree. Ferngully I believe the name of the movie 




 Remind me of old video" my anus is bleeding." 
























 How much would it cost to get her to make me one 




 Damn off brands 




 Any movie where the dog dies 




 I know a girl who put a rolled up waffle in her vagina. 

 




 Yes, cuz my parents would have wooped me if I didn't take that kind of money  




 Should of have read terms and conditions before agreeing to unconditional love. Now I don't love you 




 During home coming week me and my friend was talking in the hall. This girl I liked came up behind me and my friend very loudly stated" the girl you like so much is behind you, now's your chance to ask her to the dance". I turn around, blushing like hell, and I see that her face is redder than mine. She said before I opened my mouth" only if we go as friends." 
























 You make a good point. If I was to go with an aquatic animal it would be those fishes deep in the sea that have that dangling light thingy that draw there prey in. 




 Yours has been the scariest by far 




 I think it would be an elephant 




 It must be a living thing and mobile. Can't be a rock formation or any technology. 




 Awkward moment when a bear has more game than you 




 I took my ex to McDonald's. I ended up playing on the playground. 

What she did not know was my sister brought my nephew there during the same time and that's who I was playing with 




 Kame hame ha!!! 
























 Source?  




 Sauce? 
Yes, I'm going to be THAT guy 




 http://www.tube8.com/teen/public-sex/23929021/
Is this it 




 Sauce plz. I'll pay u in gum 




 Hug her for me. Because this work of art is a gift to all of us 




 Plz people, sources. I need to fap to the full vid 





























 I'd get in. Guy in back sheet puts gun to my head. "Drive, fast." I drive as fast as I can. Cop start chasing me. Girl unzipped me and starts giving me amazing head. I climax causing me to go off a bridge. Me and girl survive and we run away with the money they stole. I live happily ever after in mexico  




 Heidi needs new high tops 




 At first It looked like an opening for a fifty shades of grey parody 




 Source plz 




 Please sauce 




 Source would be nice 




 What happens when you reenact 50 shades of grey 
























 Affirmative bingo down. I repeat bingo down 




 Relationship goals  




 My god, that means I'm a tamato 




 I think. An innocent pedestrian in gta would be the worse. Your walking minding your own business when BAM! Random ads helicopter lands on you 




 It does not matter if it is a main character or a background character. ANY Character, which would be the worst? 




 My name is kevin, but my fellow co-workers call me koop.
I work at nasa analyzing data that our satellite pick up on.
It is an excruciatingly boring job, but is worth the pay.

I mainly analyze data from a small satellite that we call D.R.O.V.E. which stand for digital recording of void energy.
basically it records data from the empty spaces of, well, space. the spots where there's no known wave signals of any sort. I know it sounds weird, useless, and implausible that nasa will try to find something where nothing is, but really that's all they do. What I don't understand is how I get so much data. These spaces should not have this much activity going on there.

Well a few weeks ago my questions were answered on what, why, and where this information is coming from.

It was a normal morning for me. got up, got dressed, ate breakfast, and headed for work. I live 2 hours away, so I leave around 10 am and arrive at noon. When I arrived, that's when my day went hay wire. They rushed up to me and dragged me to my station. They scream at me and tell me to tell them what the hell is this shit that they are seeing. they play back a recording they took hours earlier.

Before I go into the recording let me explain how I analyze data.
The satalite sends me signals that I read on a GREEN graph that places dots in various places on it to signal various things. The recording did not show a green graph, it showed a screen full of falling numbers. not just any numbers but zeros and ones. binary codes. 

That was not what they were freaking out about. An image of a face was outlined by the code its mouth moved as if it was saying something. It if it was it did not say much. They told me they needed me to decode the message. that it was important for mankind to know what it said. I spent hours trying to figure out what the message was. I, for no good reason, decided to exit out of the recording. I was not done analyzing It, but something just told me to exit out of it. when I did, there it was. The binary face looking at me. at first I thought I did not exit out of the recording. but I quickly realized that it was live, happening now. I screamed for my supervisors to come near. I projected the image on the main monitor for everyone to see. when I did the face turned into an image of a hand pointing. pointing at a single floating digit in the binary code. it was not a one or a zero but a 6. my superior told me to click on it. I don't know why he wanted be to, but I did. A loud shriek came from the surround sound hooked up to the main computer. There was a dark raspy laugh followed by this sentence.

God is not real, we made you.

the screen goes black. then after the lights flickered, all power was shut off. A voice came from the darkness. 

only this awaits you when you die. 

There was silence. an hour passed before someone decided to do something. We got our selves together and got the power on and the system running again. The whole scene was being recorded but somehow was erased. there is no trace of what happened. We decided to continue to find out what was happening but we found no answers. I have recently decided that I am quitting this job to be a teacher. the pay is less but it is a lot less exciting than analyzing data. 




 Gex 
























 Doggy dentures 




 Just dropped his mix tape 




 You don't have to be lonely. At farmersonly.com 




 So many desktop backgrounds so little time 




 Must be a memory foam mattress 




 Selena rose I believe. Not sure what viddeo 




 I played your simulator  
























 Your whole Reddit life has led up to this moment and you only got a few upvotes 




 Majestic as hell 




 Reduce reuse and recycle. *Spirit fingers* 









 thank you. your a gentle man and a scholar. 




 I ask for the source for this but no one delivered so...

http://www.peternorth.com/en/Hot-Black-Chicks-Love-Huge-White-Dicks-Scene-03/scene/70957

THERE I FOUND IT MY DANG SELF!!! YOUR WELCOME!
 




 If you have any love at all for humanity you would give source.... please 
























 thanks you slut 




 this has a deeper meaning than op lets on. 




 balancing a stick on your foot. 

it is not much different from your hand. place  it on top of your toe tips and move your legs accordingly to the weight shift
 




 its also a crime against humanity to use hallow points in warfare 




 who indeed
 




 NIIIIICCEEEEE. now give me the source you whore bag
 




 So many theresas dying this week. 
























