 I hear you, however, I dislike the idea that anything that isn't our reality or a future possible reality is fantasy. Like surrealism, magical realism, postmodernism, and other styles don't need to be lumped in with fantasy when they are doing different things.  




 That probably includes multiple translations of the same language. Like the King James Bible is only one of the English translations.  




 My understanding is that the "fantasy" elements are not really real, but myths and that his inspiration was early English mythology and early romances, not modern fantasy novels.  









 Yes, it's odd of her to simultaneously claim the book isn't Fantasy enough and to claim it should be called Fantasy 




 In the same interview that made UKLG mad, Ishiguro says his book was mainly inspired by Westerns and Samurai films. I'm not sure he is afraid of acknowledging "genre" 




 Yep, also while book reviews are more objective at big magazines, the fact that a book even GETS reviewed is often because publishers or publicists have connections at the major magazines or because there is a big marketing budget. And even if books are often reviewed by people who don't know the author, interviews are frequently conducted with friends and placed in big magazines. 

There's never going to be a way to "objectively" get the best books published and reviewed and praised. But honestly, despite the nepotism, I trust the professional publishing world to be more honest than the world of purchased Amazon/Yelp/Goodreads reviews and Kindle sales ranking manipulation.  














 There's a lot of talk in this thread about blurbs don't make readers think books are good. But I don't think is exactly the point of blurbs. I think the point is more to "position" the book, so if you like dark fantasy novels and you see a book with blurbs from famous dark fantasy writers you think, "Oh, maybe this is worth checking out." Or if you love avant-garde literary fiction, and you see a book with blurbs from experimental literary writers, then you are more inclined to pick that one up. 

So it isn't really about making you believe that the avant-garde literary book is better or worse than the dark fantasy one. It's about guiding the readers to your book based on their established tastes.  




 Sadly, things are only going more in this direction since publishers feel pressure from the self-publishing world where all the best sellers are lowest common denominator romance, formulaic SF, Twlight imitations, etc. 

That's just where the money is. You can't really blame agents and publishers, gotta blame readers for reading that pap.  









  Now, after taking them semi-seriously one too many times, when I see a book with blurbs primarily (or, especially, only) from other authors I don't even bother.

Typically I only see that in debut author's books who haven't had any reviews yet. Even if a book is badly reviewed overall, once it's gotten a dozen reviews or so you can normally pick out a few decent quotes to make it seem like it was praised. 

This is true for films too, where every film, even like 2 Twilight 2 Transformers: The Reboot part 3 have positive quotes on the posters.  









  Also, isn't the NYT lost mostly bullshit?

It's way more trustworthy than the Amazon rankings, but still able to be manipulated. As the poster below says, it's based on a sampling of book stores around the country so can't just be manipulated through one source or one small time window (you can spend a few thousand, or even less, on your own book and rocket to the top of Kindle lists) 




 Eh, the problem here is that the writing world is much smaller than most outsiders realize. If you are a SF writer, say, and you go to conferences and comicons you will meet tons of other writers and you'll interact with more on social media and your agent will represent others and your publisher will represent even more. Point being, almost every conceivable endorsement will have SOME connection to you. 

This is true for any genre. 

Maybe he just wants to end blurbs altogether, but there's basically no way to do blurbs or any kind of endorsements that won't have some risk of nepotism.  









  Are dogs therefore not animals because they existed before the word was thought up?

There's no authorial intent or societal context for a dog, though. OTOH, intent and context do play a part in whether something is written or read as "fiction" or read as religion or myth. That's why I brought up the Bible, which is read by some people as truth and other people as pure myth. 

If the Bible was written today, it would be a fantasy book, but the Bible and the Odyssey wouldn't be written today... not like they were back then, because the authors would have a different context and intent. 

You know what I mean? 

 I get a bit annoyed by the way 'literature' picks the bones of genre fiction. The thought process seems to be: if genre fiction is good, it stops being genre and starts being 'literary'. That's a very sinister way to distort the dataset.

I'm totally, 100% with you here. However, I do think it goes both ways. There's a tendency for genre writers to try and lay claim to authors of the past (or even the present!) who would never consider their work to be part of those genres. There's a huge history of non-realist work in literary fiction that is constantly being claimed by different genres (SF, fantasy, horror, whatever) even when the author lived in a time of those genres and didn't consider them an inspiration. 

It can get pretty comical with a dozen different genres trying to claim an author. I've seen people argue that Kafka is truly a magical realist, or truly a fantasy writer, or truly a horror writer, or a proto-science fiction author, or an early post-modernist, etc.  




 I think it's pretty sad that people feel the need to change the work of authors to fit their own backwards feelings. That's one thing. But it becomes a real problem when you are doing this for the books you are making kids read. If you think someone is too young for a book, sure. But don't give them a censored version of it.  




 Definitely had the opposite experience: being absorbed by a book but then when I finish thinking "huh... that didn't really go anywhere" and a few days later thinking "I... can't even remember anything that happened." 




 Again, I didn't use the word "censorship." 

If you want to redefine the word "censor" in a way totally different than every English dictionary, okay, whatever.  




  That films tells the story of Joan's trial in a deeply more intimate way than a book could. 

I don't see any reason why this is true. There are tons of books that deeply and intimately move people. In fact, people commonly say that they love books BECAUSE they feel more intimately close to the author or characters. 

It's true that film can do some things that books can't, but more "deeply intimate"? Nah, don't think that's true.  




 Also, "reading" is a rarer activity. Everyone and their mother watches TV and movies, but only a small percentage of the population reads more than 2 books a year.  




 Reading is, in general, a much better means of conveying information and knowledge than any of those other things. You can learn way more from two hours of reading than you can from two hours of TV watching, even of a documentary. Your brain just processes words faster. 

In addition, reading is more brain-intensive in that you have to imagine and think over every sentence, you can't passively watch in the way that you can TV or movies. 

That doesn't mean that some shitty self-published YA vampire series is more "intellectual" than HBO's The Wire though. But as a general rule... 




 "Censorship" wasn't in the title. 

CENSOR
transitive verb
:  to examine in order to suppress or delete anything considered objectionable censor the news; also :  to suppress or delete as objectionable censor out indecent passages

Obviously it's not government censorship, but removing objectionable material is still censoring even if it's a parent doing it for a child.  




 Well, I guess we get into the question of how much the Odyssey was believed. I'm not a scholar on this subject, but it seems it existed in the kind of nebulous zone of old folk lore where it wasn't 100% believed but was considered somewhat true, part myth part history. 

That's pretty different than, say, the Lord of the Rings which no one believes is real at all.  




 Yeah? I haven't read the Ishiguro, so can't comment, but I think it's weird to claim that actual myths and folk tales are "fantasy," which is a modern genre that uses myths and folk tales as inspiration but for different ends. 

I mean, is the Bible a fantasy book in your opinion?  














  I'd like to see someone write a book about "needing to find a missing pair of sweat socks" and "existential nihilism" that can hold my attention. Good luck with that one

That's not SO far from the works of Thomas Bernhard and he is a literary genius 



















 well... it is an article on a literary device, not sure it's name dropping to list examples! 




  Of course I know they're "worth" reading and I know the show and the books differ and go in separate directions just as The Walking Dead has

To this question, i'd say the Game of Thrones show is FAR closer to the books than TWD. The latter has killed off major characters who didn't die anywhere near that point in the narrative, or else kept people around long after they died. 

The Game of Thrones /ASOIAF are basically the same, plot-wise, for the first two or three seasons. They've started to diverge a little now, but it isn't dramatic... yet at least.  




 They are not very well written on a sentence level. Martin got his chops in TV writing and they read like scripts: plot, plot, plot. Very little effort put into the language or even mood and atmosphere (until books 4/5 when he starts to relax and get looser.... part of why people like those books less). 

But the plot twists and characters are great, and the books fly by. If the idea behind them appeals to you, worth a read.  




 yes, they do. But, as you say, the good stuff is sandwiched between collections of .gifs or art stolen from tumblr.  




 But it's very similar to how a LOT of big media companies (Buzzfeed, Dose, Huffington Post, Bustle, etc.) operate. Not all of those are tabloids, but they repackage the work that other people have done and crank out content as fast as possible without doing any original work. 





























 Do you feel the same way about all arts careers? Like grad programs in music, theater, dance, or chef schools?  









  People don't understand that an MFA is not like another grad program. You're never going to see that money back if you pay for it.

Sadly, this makes it exactly like most grad programs in the US in 2015 :( 




 I'm in favor of MFA programs in general, or good ones at least, but it's insane that there are 300 programs in America! If they take an average of 10 fiction writers, they are pumping out 3,000 a year. 30,000 in a decade? That's way more writers than there are even spots in shitty literary magazines 
























 On the one hand, I agree that being creative (and exercising!) is godo for people. On the other hand, I do think our culture has this idea that writing is fake profession and that "anyone can do it" and it can't be taught, etc. There's common phrases like "everybody has a novel in them" and just a general sense that everyone could be a novelist. There ISN'T a sense that everyone could be a professional marathon runner, or even that everyone could be a painter or chef or actor.  




 Well, again, the legal part of a contract is normally handled by a lawyer. What agents do is negotiate for you, as well as get you past the slush and know (hopefully) what editors are right for your project. An IP lawyer can't do those things. 

Also, for 99% of writers a 15% rate on your advance will be much less than an hourly rate for a lawyer... that's before even factoring in that an agent can up your advance from what you'd get on your own.  




 I assume you are suggesting agents are rip-off artists of some sort. I have to disagree. I'd bet basically every legit agent pays for themselves by upping your advance, and they protect rights for writers. (Most agents work at agencies that have bar-passed lawyers on staff that go over the final contracts) 




 This is a weird argument. Tom Sawyer? Huckleberry Fin? The Jungle Book? A million books with teen protagonists and read by teens were published before TKAM. 

Even for more modern YA work, The Catcher in the Rye and Lord of the Flies predate TKAM.  




 true, Ishiguro doesn't seem like a genre snob to me.  



















 I think that's true, but I don't think that's Laura Miller's claim. She doesn't think Game of Thrones is for children, and that was her counter-example.  




 I hear you. I mean everything I've read makes me think it's fantasy, but i'll wait to actually read it to form a real opinion.  









 Is that true? I know tons of male agents. Wouldn't surprise me if the split is 60-40, but doubt it is "overhwelmingly" female 




 got this is one of my favorite books. Hope you like it!

The poem is intentionally shitty so don't worry so much about it. The real story is in the commentary. You could read the poem quickly once, then the commentary if you'd like.  




 "I have 10,000 thermo nuclear bombs buried beneath each city on earth and will kill every human on earth if you write one more poem"  




  I frankly think that initiatives like National Novel Writing Month are insulting to real writers. We dont have a National Heart Surgery Month, do we? Im being intentionally provocative there, obviouslybeing a good or bad writer isnt a matter of life or deathbut Im also serious. Great writers are as rare as great heart surgeonsmaybe even rarer; I dont actually know anything about heart surgeons. But I would argue that it takes as much time and work to perfect their craft, in addition to having talent to begin with that most people just dont. What I really object to is this notion behind these initiatives that anyone can write a novel, and that its just a matter of making the time to do it. Thats just not true. 




 Yeah I'm not sure I buy the argument, but thought it was worth a discussion.  




 I haven't read the book, but I saw some other people arguing that the book is more of a straight allegory/symbolist book than a true fantasy book in the vein of GoT. 

That makes sense to me as a distinction between true fantasy and something using the fantasy form.  




 haha, great reference 









 I bet some people will dislike what he says, but I thought it was refreshingly candid  


































 There's a lot more steady work in freelance copeyediting, proofing, or fact checking than in freelance writing. 

Sometimes you can make it work if you get a good regular gig at some place that writes textbooks, or corporate newsletters, or something like that. 

It's nearly impossible to survive as a freelancer writing interesting essays or book reviews or whatever for culture websites. Those articles are done by staff writers or else freelancesr who are doing it less for money than to get their name out there and promote their books.  









 A simple writing style about rich WASPS instead of a complex, lyrical style about poor southerners? 

Cheever maybe?  



















 I went to public American school and studied everyone from Doestovesky to Shakespeare to Beckett, Wilde, Camus, Bronte, Faulkner, Hemingway, O'Connor, Marquez, etc. 

I mean, to each their own, but it was a very broad range of work from all over the world. 
 




 My favorites: 

* Borges

* Cortazar 

* Bolano (I'd recommend The Savage Detectives or By Night in Chile as starting point)

* Aira (rec: The Literary Conference)

* Marquez (rec: 100 Years of Solitude) 

* Marias (rec: Bad Elvis)

* Ocampo (rec: her stories)
 









  been out of school for quite awhile now and I still hate classic literature.

This kind of statement baffles me, honestly. Because "classic" literature is a category that spans 500 years, every country in the world (or at least a couple dozen from what's read in America), and dozens and dozens of styles of writing. 

 I think teacher's in the US are really letting their students down over this.

That said, I DO think that most English classes (and most HS classes of any kind) don't teach stuff in the most interesting ways. I'm a rabid reader and published writer, but I hated the focus on "themes" and plot details in HS classes.  




 I didn't write the list and the list claims to be American authors. I do think everyone on the list LIVES in America, even though Zadie Smith and a few others are from other countries.  









 Because there are a huge number of black authors in in a huge number of countries and "racism" is not the only thing they write about...

Anyway, give some of the authors on that list a try! It's a good list of authors from the ones I know.  




 It just reads like the statement of someone who has barely read any black authors.  




 Well I"m already getting down voted by the silly people who think SJWs a real thing!  














 How many of the books in that article have you read?  




 Good example of how the "art just wants to be free" mindset really hurts writing. Yes, people still want to write even if they aren't making a lot of money, but the writing is more rushed, less researched, etc.: 

 The previous day, Id spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canadas most acclaimed literary journalists. He said he knows writers who are rushing to finish important, research-heavy, non-fiction books in a matter of months  books that would normally require years of work  because thats all they can afford to do.

 You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination, he said. Im seeing writers make those compromises. 














 Good post! Agree that there are different people who are snobby AGAINST complex, experimental or "serious" fiction for different reasons.  




 To clarify a bit with some examples, "clarity" is just one tactic and just one way of writing. There are many reasons to not be clear. Pynchon's Crying of Lot 49 has a convoluted plot to intentionally mirror the paranoia and conspiracy atomosphere the protagonist finds herself in. 

It's basically a rule in horror fiction/film that making the monster less clear tends to be scarier as the audience imagines something scarier than you can describe or show. 

Mysteries and "puzzle box" shots/books/films have unclear elements, characters, and actions to keep the reader guessing. 

Poetry often uses big or complex words for the musicality of the language. 

And on the sentence level, dense and complex sentences can convey things that clear ones can't. Faulkner and Nabokov say things that Hemingway and Orwell can't, and vice versa. 

None of the above is to say that complex writers are necessarily better than clear and simple writing. It's all preference.  




 I think you can be a snob without being pretentious. For example, if you think--as people sometimes say here--that literary fiction fans or even fans of "realism" instead of fantasy (say prefer John Green to Harry Potter) are fakers with boring tastes who don't have imaginations large enough to appreciate Tolkien and Rowling is just as snobby as a ivory tower lit professors saying people who read Tolkien and Rowling instead of literary fiction are peasants. You know?  




 Those are your preferences, not facts.  




 I like those books, but gotta disagree a little. My biggest complaint about Martin's writing is that he frequently TELLS what he just SHOWED. Specifically, his characters internal thoughts tend to just restate what the action and dialogue already presented to us: 

"Do you hate your traitorous father?" Jeffery said, holding his knife and sneering at Sansa. "Say yes or feel my wroth."

Sansa tried not to show any emotion. "Yes, I hate my traitorous father." 

*Not really! I actually love my father but I'm afraid Joffrey will hurt me if I don't agree with him!"*

 




 French. France has a huge and amazing literary history, and from a historical/cultural standpoint it is the second most important and referenced Western literary tradition.  




 while I'm not the OP, there is plenty of hate for any book that is dense, complex, "postmodern," or overtly intellectual on reddit and in the culture generally. Infinite Jest, Thomas Pynchon, sometimes all "literary fiction," hell sometimes just reading foreign literature gets you called pretentious.  




 yep, also... 90% of the people who use that term have no idea what it means. They think it means snobby or overly smart or something, but that is not the definition. 

 attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed.

Pretension is affecting knowledge/skills/talent that you don't possess. It isn't being really smart or writing smartly if you actually are smart. Or reading a smart book if you are smart. (Hell, nothing wrong with reading a smart book if you aren't smart either.) 




 Oh man, I know what you are talking about! We live in a very anti-intellectual age where people love to talk shit about "snobs" and "ivory tower elitists" who... dont' really exist, while lauding anything that sells well as automatically good whether McDonald's or Twilight. 

I get reading whatever you want to read, but it is utterly bizarre how many people actively look down on readers of complex or dense fiction. Like, you don't like Infinite Jest or Nabokov? That's fine. The fact that someone else DOES like those books doesn't make them horrible snobs. Actually, the fact that you turn your nose up at people who read literary fiction makes you the snob.  




  But, though many writers published late, I'm sure they weren't just laying bricks through their teens and twenties. I'm sure many of these people read a lot and maybe dabbled in writing,

But he didn't say "dabble" in writing, he said you had to be "seriously" writing as a teen. I just think that's wrong. Like, I know a lot of published writers. A few of them wrote a lot as teens, but most didn't start writing, certainly not in a serious capacity, until 20s or even 30s.  




 I guess... but I can't imagine that's what he means. I doubt many people start reading books in their 40s, you know?  




 Show me where I said that literary writers need an MFA? Show me where I said that people need to be "technical writers"? 

Your weird argument about what constitutes the best is silly because what is "best" depends on what one is talking about. The "best" Hardboiled Detective stories have different qualities than the "best" postmodern metafictional novels. There's no one standard to writing. My point there was that the vast majority of MFA students will not succeed. You have to be at the top of your game to make it as a literary writer, as defined by the people making the decisions (editors, readers, whatever.) I was not advocating for some static or even objective standard of "best writing."  




 Dude, you keep making arguments against things I never said. I NEVER claimed that you "need" an MFA to be a writer of any kind. I NEVER said you need to be a great "technical writer".... what the hell does that even mean? Being able to write really complex sentences? 

I never used the term "technical writer" just as I never said people need to go to an MFA. Hell, I never even said an MFA helped! The only thing I said is that an MFA indicates that the students want to pursue literary writing, not EL James stuff. That's hardly controversial. 

You gave me a list of BRILLIANT writers. Ray Bradbury and George Orwell ARE two of the best writers ever. They were brilliant, inventive, powerful, and just all around awesome. They don't disprove anything I've said. They were hardly only "good enough" but not great!

You seem really excited about fighting strawmen here, but it seems like, at best, we are just talking past each other. 

 




 I hear you, but he still said you had to be writing and had to be starting as a teen. That's where I disagree. 

I think you and I are on the same page though.  


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 At this point there isn't. But... he certainly had plenty of warning.  




 Yeah, he'd have to write those books in like 6 months a piece at this point.  














 Even if Martin put out Winds of Winter this year, he'd have to write the final book like 1.5 years to have it out before the start of the last GOT season. Was never going to happen.  









 Not your fault, like 500 people on Twitter and facebook reposted this obit yesterday 




 He's one of the best ever. We had a thread on him and recommendations recently: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2zd02t/a_readers_guide_to_italo_calvino/ 




 He died in 2013... 
























 There's really no answer here. Even if we restrict ourselves to famous, canonical works, some great novels were written in a few weeks, some in a year, and others over the course of a decade. 

As for length, similarly the range goes from as short as a novel can be without being a novella or story (30k maybe?) to over a million words. 

Takes what it takes.  




 Yeah, sadly the problem isn't that there aren't venues that highlight unknown writers, it's that readers don't care about about reading them.  


































  Freeman served as editor for Tales of Two Cities: The Best and Worst of Times in Todays New York, released by OR Books.  The anthology includes fiction and nonfiction from David Byrne, Teju Cole, Junot Daz, Victor LaValle, Ta Obreht, Edmund White and many others

Good line up. I remember David Byrne from the Talking Heads saying NYC was dying because of this a few years ago.  
























 The Kelly Link, George Saunders, and Ray Bradbury are three of my favorites ever 



















 That's technically a humor piece (shouts   murmors column) not a short story from the fiction section. 

That said, Simon Rich is great and the New Yorker publishes a HUGE variety of fiction.  




  These books seem a lot like they're rejecting the notion that a monarch actually has the power to affect the quality of people's lives like that.

Really? I dunno if the books will end that way, but I think the books make it clear that the "game of thrones the high lords play" has a HUGE impact on the smallfolk. In the books, they people in the riverlands are completely devastated by their rulers and their wars. 

And in the World of Ice and Fire, the chapters on the "good" kings seem to imply that the good ones can help the entire realm. 

 It seems to me like the Iron Throne in general is a red herring. Something for the powerful to squabble over while the really important stuff gets ignored and the real threats remain unchecked 

This is totally true! FWIW, I wasn't saying that Martin would say Jon or Dany saved the realm and everyone lived happily ever after with no problems. Just that he could write the ending in a way to indicate that the king/queen at the end of the book rules for more than a year or two. 

Either way, if there is a final clear king I do not think that Martin would make that horribly significant in the way you are disagreeing with. What's significant will be the battle between humanity (and dragons?) and the white walkers. Whoever is left ruling will have a broken realm where almost every sub-kingdom has been ravaged by war or white walkers.  




 I hope note, because I love how ASOIAF shatters most of the traditional fantasy cliches, but the beautiful rightful heir who has been cast into exile comes back to save the land and rule peacefully is one I hope they subvert in some way.  




 Here's the kind of ending I imagine:

FAegon starts another war, but dies when Dany conquers KL with dragons. White Walkers bring down wall and invade the land. She heads up to fight them. She dies in the battle (Jon has to sacrifice her to make lightbringer?). Bran does something important that seals it so the White Walkers won't return, at least not for a looooong time.

Westeros is saved, but only after half the armies of the land have been killed in the various wars. Sansa rebuilds Winterfel. Tyrion comes back to Casterly Rock, but finds he hates living there. Jon is made king, but kind of hates ruling... still he does it and the realm is peaceful. Everything is in ruins and everyone is kinda miserable, but, so be it. The end.  




 Well, there can be a clear ending with the story of the White Walkers/winter coming to destroy Westeros, and also a clear ending to Dany and her dragons wanting to come back home. (related: a clear ending to the various prophecies). Probably also a clear ending to the battle for the iron throne. The books could tell us that Jon or Dany or whoever is crowned and then reigns peacefully for a generation. 

 People talk a lot about who 'ends up' on the Iron Throne but really what difference does it make that they're on it when the series ends? If we've learned anything it's that they could be off it within a year! 

But Martin could easily just wrote an epilogue set in the future showing some king lasts a long time, or simply tell us that happens in the last paragraph (or, more likely, sets up the ending to have the major baddies and "players" we know of killed so that we assume the new king will last)

Also, if you read The World of Ice and Fire, plenty of Targ kings lasted for decades. It's only recently that every king keeps dying quickly.  




 As long as Aegon is fake, which he is, he probably won't do all that much in the books. He'll gain some temporary power and start a war in the south--get Dorne involved maybe. But then he'll be killed when Dany comes over. 

Very easy to cut his whole storyline for the show. No reason to do a TrystAegon.  




 An Asian prize sounds good! But it's weird to attack the Pulitzer for here. The Pulitzer is for American writers. It's a national prize, it isn't meant to cover the world  




  We really do seem to be in an era where the story serial -- be it books or TV -- is the major, preferred form of cultural expression. I wonder why that is? Any guesses?

$$$

We aren't just in the age of the story serial, we are also in the age of the reboot. Both of those things are about cash. People in general really fall for famous properties and so the best way to make money is to keep doing the same property over and over--Ghostbusters, Sherlock Holmes, Marvel superheros, Middle earth, Harry Potter (Rowling is writing three new films in that universe, right?), etc. 

If a book or movie is working, keep making sequels until it starts failing. Then reboot it a couple years later.  




  Brilliant writers users knew who worked their asses off and got nowhere.

Honestly, I don't think this is as common today as before for a pretty simple reason: there are 100 times as many magazines and presses out there. 

In the past, if you didn't have stories that, for whatever reason, got picked up by the handful of magazines or your work didnt' get bought by the handful of literary presses, you couldn't ever get readers. But today you have far more options, not just with actual lit mags, but also with self-publishing, or publishing on tumblr, etc. 

 




 Agreed. I know it's easy to say "it's all the same MFA lit shit!" but... do people REALLY think that George Saunders, Karen Russell, Kelly Link, Ben Marcus, Sam Lipsyte, Chang-Rae Lee, David Foster Wallace, (this list could go on forever) actually write really similar work?

Because all those writers either went to an MFA or teach at one, and all were published in the top lit mags and anthologized in the big anthologies.  

 
























 I don't believe for a single second that the board cared about his article. They were reacting to the negative press that his post generated. If no one online had gotten mad and turned it into the viral literary story of the week, nothing would have happened. 

 He is paid to help people who want to pay him. He didnt do that in his essay 

He was no longer paid to do that. His essay was post his job, he was paid to write an essay people would read. 

Look I can understand the idea that a teacher should never--even anonymously and generally--talk badly about former students. I think I'd even agree with that. But it's a tacky thing to do, not a horrible violation that should cause him to be hunted down. 

 UNESCO sees it.

I don't think UNESCO did anything? His board quit and he decided to suspend the campaign. 

As for everyone seeing it, check out this NY Times article on how the internet bandwagon picks targets over one stupid tweet or post and ruins their careers: 

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/15/magazine/how-one-stupid-tweet-ruined-justine-saccos-life.html?_r=0 




 I was thinking more of Sag Harbor, which is his most famous book I think. But even more evidence that he has moved around genres if his first are postmodern.  




 Well... maybe. Who knows how long it took him to get book 1 finished, and then I believe he had a lot of material that he removed from book 1 and used in 2. Then there were big gaps between 3 and 4, and between 4 and 5 









 I agree with you, BUT fantasy is always flexible as a metaphor. There are dozens of articles online about how the "high lords" destroying the country without caring about the small folk is like our current wealth inequality era, or how the white walkers can represent climate change (the great threat that we are all ignoring while focusing on smaller political battles), and so on and so forth.  









 I would say: 

1) A lot of people in their 20s and 30s grew up on Harry Potter and Peter Jackson's LOTR films. ASOIAF/Game of Thrones was waiting to be picked up by those people. 

2) Americans are really into fantasy/SF allegories for our current political and economic situation. (Hunger Games, Walking Dead, etc.) 

3) There's not much competition for "gritty adult fantasy series." I'm sure a fantasy fan could point out other good books, but among popular fantasy authors whose names extend beyond the fantasy niche (Rowling, Gaiman, etc.) no one else is doing what he is doing currently. 

4) HBO picked it up as a TV show. Seriously, sometimes that's all it takes to propel a book series to popularity. His books sold well before that, but have sold much better after. I'd imagine most people on /r/books didn't start the books until the HBO show was announced. 

5) Martin isn't the best sentence writer but he is GREAT at plot twists and making you feel for characters of all types.  









 It's very common for writers to write in multiple genres I think. 

For the large "types" of writing: Hemingway, Carver, and many others wrote poetry and fiction. Most fiction writers publish some non-fiction. 

For genres though: 

*John Banville has a very successful literary career and a successful crime career (under the name Benjamin Black.) 

* JK Rowling switched from fantasy/Harry Potter to crime books (also with a pen name).

* Cormac McCarthy started out doing Southern Gothic, then did Westerns, then did a post-apocalyptic book. 

* Colson Whitehead does mostly literary realism, but he wrote a successful zombie apocalypse novel. 

a few off the top of my head.  









 Eh. Sorry, what Boudinot said was not really remarkable or even that mean. The writing world is filled with rejection, dismissal, criticism, and even outright hostility (especially if you ask people to pay a few books for your book). 

I also remember his original essay saying more that there are a lot of people who don't put in the work and aren't talented who shouldn't be spending money on an MFA program. That's different than saying everyone whose work he doesn't like should stop writing.  




 have you read any of his books? (I haven't, but seems weird to say a guy should be "thrown away" just because you didn't like one blog post) 




 No publisher will touch an already published book unless it is the one-in-a-million self-published book that sold a ton of copies. Unless you are the Martian or 50 Shades of Grey or Hugh Howey or whatever (basically unless you win the lottery) self-publishing hurts your chances of having that book being picked up by a traditional publisher. 

Even if it sells pretty well, the publisher will likely pick you up for you NEXT book.  









 Sure. If all you care about is the "plot' of something, just read the wiki article. 

Books and films are experiences. Both will be unique.  




 Lots of programs pay for you to go, so it's a great way to get some time away from work and just focus on writing (but not a requirement)  




 I don't think even MFA teachers would argue you "need" an MFA. An MFA can help you improve. It can give you connections and a good group of beta readers/friends. A really good program will give you money to go there. So they can help. 

But objectively speaking, tons of published writers in all genres don't have them. 









 It will most likely turn readers off and is overused, yes.  














 I'm sorry, what did he plagiarize? What is "illegal"?

Using a real life person as inspiration for a character is neither.  







































 I'd also say that the general idea that "literary fiction" can't sell well is just wrong. Many literary fiction titles make the NYT best seller lists each year.  




 Fair enough, but my point is that you can water your shit down forever in the desperate search for "more market." 

Write whatever you want, but so many people on this sub have the attitude that if you aren't producing commerical fiction in established niches you are wasting your time. I think that's nonsense. Writing is still an art and there's still value in trying to do something new and to create original and challenging work. 

But even more than that, if money is the goal, writing fiction is a bad way to get it. You'd probably live a happier life having a cushy job that lets you write on the side than pumping out 10 hastily written self-published books a year (advice I've seen on this sub many times).

Plus, most bland commercial work fails too. This book in question only sold 1k in hardcover in the UK? So maybe it will only sell 3-4K in the next year after it's US and paperback releases? That's still WAY more than 99.9999% of the books out there.  




 Actually, Shakespeare was considered the most lyrical and poetic of his peers and was NOT the most popular crowd-pleaser of his time. He lasted because he was more than just an entertainer, while so many of his peers are totally forgotten today.  




 Well-said. The popular "commercial" trends of the day are often watered-down versions of styles or forms that were pushed forward by the avant-garde (or in "serious" or "difficult" books) in decades past.  




  but you are slashing your potential market.

Is your only goal as a writer to have the biggest "market"? 

If so, then writing fiction of any kind probably isn't the best bet. Try cat listicles.  




  The great novels of the English language where never written as Literary fiction, but as entertainment. 

Sorry but this is totally a-historical. 

First off, there wasn't really a divide between 'literary fiction" and popular commercial fiction in the past because... the common people couldn't or didn't read! 

Jane Austen's work was written for--and read by--the rich upper class elitists. 

Shakespeare did have the groundlings, but he was also employed by the fucking king! About as elite as you can get. 

And you are going to tell me that James Joyce, Virginia Woolf, and so on were not writing literary fiction? Just entertaining yarns the equivalent of popcorn flicks? 

















































 This might help! http://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy/comments/2yxn04/a_visual_guide_to_reading_terry_pratchetts/ 









 There are a lot, but not sure how many are specific to only books (or only film for that matter.) Most narrative cliches overlap. Like, IRL you can't get "knocked out" and wake up fully functional an hour later. If you black out for more than a few seconds your suffer major brain damage. But that happens in books, TV, film.  




 Amen.  









 ha, thanks! 



















 The Worm Ourborous is a high fantasy novel that came out in 1922. You could probably argue that the Oz books are "high fantasy" of a sort. 

Tolkien didn't invent that genre, just made it more popular.  




 Some of the above might not if your "universe" requirement, but some do. The Oz books have a whole fantasy world with different kingdoms and different races righting.  




 The LOTR definitely made high fantasy more popular and totally dominated the way fantasy went. Almost every major fantasy book has some combination of wizards and elves and dwarves and dragons, along with prophecies and quests and grand battles between kingdoms. 

But for fantasy generally--and not including classic mythology and such--there are modern fantasy works that predate it. The Hobbit was 1937, so:

* The Wizard of Oz books (first in 1900)
* The Worm ouroboros (1922)
* H.P Lovecraft's works (20s/30s)
* Conan the Barbarian (1932) and other Howard works

etc. 









  If a book isn't popular, or doesn't grab people, it's not the readers' fault, and it's not because people just don't know how to appreciate something good.

Also, I agree it isn't the reader's fault per se but your logic is here is off. We live in a capitalist world where market forces and money completely dominate what gets popular. That's just the facts. So if a book isn't popular, it doesn't mean it won't grab people or couldn't be popular. It may simply mean that the publisher didn't put enough marketing behind it, or the author didn't work the publicity channels enough. 

Tons of books that flop initially become popular later. And tons of books that "grab people" today will be completely forgotten about in 5 years time. 

A million books are published each year. Even dedicated readers can't read even 1% of them. So what gets popular is in large part determined by what even gets in front of people's eyes, and that's not about quality 




  The primary purpose of literature is to engage and to entertain.

Eh. There is no "primary purpose" of literature. Plus "to engage" and "to entertain" are not synonyms. Plenty of work is highly entertaining yet not very engaging (most popcorn blockbuster films and their literary equivalents) and plenty of other work is highly engaging but not entertaining really. 

People always make these statements about literature. It's purpose is to entertain OR it's to enlighten OR it's to move a reader emotionally OR it's to push aesthetic boundaries OR it's to provide escapism

etc. etc. 

None of these things are true. Or rather are all. Art has many goes, none "primary" across the whole of literature 




 I'd like that comment more if they didn't claim Foer (lolol) was a "great" author. 

That said, I agree that great books still do well and the article is probably a lot of handringing over nothing.  
























 Recent? Since 60s at least, and the norm since 80s 









 And you want book reviews to go in papers/websites the week the book is published, so reviewers need time to read and write review (and editors time to edit) before publication.

Same thigns happens in other industries. TV critics get advanced screeners of new season (first few episodes), film critics sometimes get free previews.  




 Yeah once you have a finished book with an agent, finding publisher can take 3-6 months, doing contracts can take another couple, then 1-2 years from signing a contract till the book comes out is standard. It's all slow.  




 1-2 years from sell date is standard. 

But, yes, if George R. R. Martin turns in book 6 tomorrow his press can probably get that into bookstores in 4-6 months.  




 Advance Review Copies. cheaply made books given out to reviewers and booksellers before the real book comes out. (It's how books get reviewed before publication date) 














 Agreed. There are more fantastic books by women than one can read. There are more fantastic books by hispanic authors than one can read in a lifetime. Ditto black, asian, whatever. 

So reading diversely doesn't mean just picking books based on checklists and not interest. It just means looking for your interests among a diverse group of writers.  




 Well, unless he dies, Martin is definitely giving us an ending. It's just taking longer than he expected. 

I understand why you'd be frustrated. But speaking as a writer more than a reader, I think you are wrong to assume he doesn't care about finishing. I bet he is extremely nervous about fucking up the ending. This is his grand legacy after all. He is being careful.  




 True. The King equivalent is the Dark Tower series, and he took a loooooong time to finish that.  




 Hmm maybe: 

* The Martian Chronicles - Ray Bradbury

* Dune - Frank Herbert

* Cosmicomics - Italo Calvino

* The Lathe of Heaven - Ursula K. Le Guin

* The Island of Doctor Death - Gene Wolfe 




 It's more of a difference in reader reaction. Which I guess is to say, I disagree with you. There's a way lower bar for people to enjoy something if it's already familiar. This isn't unique to fan fiction. Look at all the superhero films that are mostly only okay at best, but which rake in billions because the names are familiar. 

99% of the time, people are way more interested in a mediocre James Bond reboot or the 10th version of Sherlock Holmes than they are in original characters. 

Sure, writing great scenes and sentences is just as hard if you use Harry Potter or your own characters, but readers will forgive your weak writing more if they already know the characters or the "brand"  









 Ah, since there are only 5 books I thought you meant the first three with "earlier" books.  



















 Why do you think Martin doesn't feel like he has to finish? It seems like he feels he has to finish it RIGHT and thus is taking a long time.  




 This may be true, but honestly, fantasy is way too reliant on massive decades spanning series. If ASOIAF means that people start putting out self-contained novels again, that would be a good thing.  




  It doesn't take that long to write a novel, even a big one.

Says who? Some authors write really fast, some write really slow. There's no lenght of time it takes to write a novel! It entirely depends on the specific novel and the specific author and their specific life circumstance. 

Plenty of famous authors have taken a decade or more to write a follow-up book!

Stephen King is famous for being the EXCEPTION who writes way faster than normal. Also, even King fans--of which I count myself--seem to agree many of his books feel rushed with bad endings, so hoping martin rushes out a King like book with a bad ending might not be a great suggestion! 

ETA: Also, King is a good counter to the OP's argument that because Martin is famous he must not give a shit about writing more books. King still pumps out books. Rowling still pumps out books. Being super famous doesn't make you stop being a writer.  




   If I were a conspiritard, I might suggest the lengthy wait between earlier books was a calculated move to generate more hype

Erm? The first three books only had 2 year waits between them. I'd hardly call that lenghty! That's actually a really short period of time for such massive books. 

I know that in the current self-publishing put out 3 books a year ebook mindset, 2 years might seem long, but before the launch of the Kindle only a handful of authors put out more than a book every other year.  









 I don't think people are saying Mad Men the show is sexist, but that Don Draper the character is 



















 Everyone's said Lovecraft, King, and Poe so I'll say: 

Ambrose Bierce
Shirley Jackson
Bram Stoker 




 Hmm, well can't say I agree with you. Many of my books favorite books in genres like SF (The Martian Chronicles, the stories of Gene Wolfe, etc.) mystery (Sherlock Holmes), and certainly literary fiction (Borges, Calvino, Raymond Carver, Flannery O'Connor) are story collections. To each their own I guess. 














 What do you mean useful? Not snarking, just not sure what you mean. SF, mystery, ... most genres have a long tradition of short stories. I mean, basically all "genre" fiction got started in the pulp magazines that ran stories. 

But stories don't really sell well in any genre today.  




  In reality, being bothered about or interested in something enough to cultivate the appropriate qualities more than the next guy is what makes the difference.

Here's where I disagree with you. Yes, if there are 20 people in a creative writing class and only 2 REALLY care and they are the only 2 really putting the work in, chances are those will be the only 2 who get published down the road... even if there are 5 other people in class with more talent but who don't put in the effort. 

Sure. 

But we aren't talking about 20 people. 

There are like 400 MFA programs pumping out 4,000 people a year. There are hundreds of thousands of people who spend a lot of their time trying to be writers. (Over 1 million books are published each year, mostly through self-publishing.) 

So of those 500k, or however many it is, who are all caring and trying, what separates them? At that point, what separates the good from the bad is talent. Think about Jordan again. Yes, if he was lazy and never practiced he wouldn't have been great. But there were tons of players practicing just as much as him. The reason he was better than them was in large part talent. Work can only get you so far if you don't have it. 

 Many people have the qualities of greatness but don't get the breaks.

I do agree with you there 




 I'm sure they do, although it varies widely. Some programs are very genre friend, others aren't. Some have experimental writers as teachers, others don't. Etc. 

I do think the MFA world focuses heavily on short stories over novels though. I bet you can measure a increase in short story writing in the last two years. Doesn't seem to translate to readers though! 




 Why do you think that creativity or other mental activities don't also have genetics play a role? Genetics play a role in EVERYTHING. 

Note that after Jordan I mentioned Fischer. Chess is a mental activity. Yet, since chess is pretty objective (you win or you lose, and the ELO rankings can compare you to others) we know that Fischer was better as a 16 year old at this mental activity than people who study chess for decades can ever get. 
 




 Well the other thing is that most people don't really brag about their MFAs. Like unless you went to Iowa or Columbia or something, once you have publications under your belt you don't need to list an mFA on your bio. Point being, most people don't know who is or isn't an outlier here.  




  If you didn't decide to take writing seriously by the time you were a teenager, you're probably not going to make it.

True, maybe "take writing seriously" means take literature seriously even if you don't write. Still, I dunno. Teens don't take all that much seriously.  




 Maybe, or maybe the opposite is happening because when everyone and their mother has an MFA it doesn't mean much 




 I don't know Sevcik or Bindounot, but in the part I quoted he hyperlinked to Boudinot saying it. Hyperlink got lost in copy and paste 




 Yeah, FTA: 

 He unexpectedly listed me as one of his favorite Pacific Northwest writers in a subsequent interview, a flattering but dubious honor because it was couched in disparaging comments about cohorts and colleagues whom I love, respect, and admire. It put me in an awkward position with a lot of friends who were offended by his remarks, and left a whole bunch of people wondering what an unknown like me was doing next to names like Rebecca Brown, Maria Semple, Tom Robbins, Neal Stephenson, and Raymond Carver (I'm touched to be mentioned in such good company, but I definitely don't deserve it). 




 Well, I think you are confusing the MFA being a "requirement" to write fiction with the MFA being helpful to many people. Good MFA programs give you money to spend a few years writing. So, it isn't a surprise to me that many young writers do one at some point. That doesn't mean that the industry requires it for publishing, just that many writers are attracted to doing one. 

 Maybe publishers wanting quality work assume their best bets can come from people who have that training? I really don't like this idea, but I can see why a company that publishes books might start doing that.

As an unpublished writer, an MFA can help a little. But I promise you that agents and editors care far more about your track record than any school. Being an Iowa grad with no publications is way worse than being a college drop-out with dozens of stories in good magazines.  




 Some scattered opinions on the whole thing: 

- MFAs if they are good or are funded can be great for writers. MFAs that cost a lot of money and don't have talented teachers and students are a big ripoff. 

- Focusing on MFAs for being a ripoff is dumb. There are degree mills and ripoff programs for every major and field of study. Higher education in general is way too expensive in America. 

- Talent exists. It exists in sports, math, business, writing, and everything else. You can try to deny it, but many people waste years trying to be good at something they just aren't ever going to be able to do well. 

- Boudinot's original article really wasn't offensive at all except the tasteless line about child abuse. 

- That said, Boudinot made some dumb claims, such as that you can only be a good writer if you started writing seriously as a teenager. I'm positive the majority of professional writers didn't start "seriously" writing until college or later. 

- It is absurd that people on the internet are trying to get Boudinot fired from his non-teaching job because he said some "mean" things about former students. 
 




  First of all, the talent vs. hard work thing is rubbish. Talent is hard work in disguise.

Do people really believe this? 

Sorry, but no amount of "hard work" would have made me as good a basketball player as Michael Jordan. No amount of "hard work" would have made me as good at chess as Bobby Fischer. No amount of "hard work" would have made me a great singer (I'm fairly tone deaf)

Hard work matters a lot, but people DO have natural abilities that hard work can bring out. Not all of us can be great at everything. Most of us can be great at SOME things if we do hard work, but talent exists.  




 Well, Boudinot did list Sevcik as one of his favorite Seattle writers ever, so it doesn't seem like a stretch 









  most MFA programs are a waste of time.

Well most MFA programs give stipends to writers. Getting paid to take a few classes and write is not a "waste of time" in my book!

 The vast majority of the working novelists with whom I associate at conferences got their start through the slushpiles at various literary agencies, and have no MFAs listed on their curricula vitae.

Well, guess that depends on your genre. The vast majority of working writers in "literary" or "mainstream" fiction either have an MFA or teach in a program. Not saying that's good or bad though.  




 Yes this is an awful precedence. It wasn't even that they sampled it without authorization, but just that hte songs "feel" similar even though they aren't the same.  




 http://www.nybooks.com/books/wintersale/

Since NYRB Classics is one of the best presses out there--publishing essential classics form around the world--thought some /r/books readers would like to know the sale ends soon.  




 It was talked about on here, but here is the link http://www.thestranger.com/books/features/2015/02/27/21792750/things-i-can-say-about-mfa-writing-programs-now-that-i-no-longer-teach-in-one 









 True, 48 is like the middle of a writer's career 




 That's one of my favorite books ever! However, she was in her late 50s when she died right?  




 Breece DJ Pancake!

(that's really his name) 



















 It's definitely not action packed 


































 heh, no agenda except it's a topic that interests me! (Maybe discussing the topic is an agenda though) 




 Le Guin was a runner-up herself in the 90s 









 He is bloated, but that's part of his charm 




 Well, my understanding is that that DFW taught english composition mostly. The rules for academic comp papers are very different than for short stories in literary magazines, you know?  




 McCarthy won for The Road, and he was a western writer who wrote a post-apocalyptic novel.  









 Well there are some people who say you shouldn't read him and that he should be, while not government censored, banned from the literatary discussion.  









 Have you read his other fiction? Because his story collections, especially the first two, probably have my favorite fiction by him.  




  Even by the time he was writing his first two novels, Wallace had already started doing what he did best: accumulate bad habits

Sorry, but I find this review laughable. What he calls "bad habits" are what makes DFW unique! So many people want all writing to be cookie-cutter and indistinguishable. The same complaints this guy is making about DFW are ones I've seen made about Proust, Faulkner, and a million others. 

But, well, guess what? Faulkner, Proust, and DFW are massively popular, highly-acclaimed writers whose unique works will continue to be read for a long time. 

If some teacher had "fixed" DFW we'd never know who he was.  




  I think that some works can belong both at the same time.

Yes! Totally. Hacky boring works of MFA students getting called "literary" but denying that label to boundary pushing and beautifully written works by someone like LeGuin makes little sense.  




 one of my favorite essays 












































 Right? Such a depressing idea 



















  The claim that his work can 'destigmatize' fantasy and SF, 

To clarify here, Ishiguro did NOT say this. It was David Mitchell who said he hoped Ishiguro's book would help further destigmatize fantasy.  




 Oh boy, I don't want to open that can of worms. But, blurbs are not reviews. There is no pretense that blurbs are "objective" opinions from netural parties.  












































 Well, those shelves have all the SF teen dystopian fiction like Hunger Games and Divergent, right? Basically just YA fiction has taken over shelf space.  




 Right? 

The other thing funny about these articles is they get written for every genre. "SF has triumphed!" "Superhero comics have triumphed!" "Crime thriller have triumphed!" 

Okay, guys, everything is winning! 




 What I posted in the r/books thread: 

 I like ASOIAF and a lot of other things mentioned here, but honestly this feels like an article that's written every 5 years. "Is Game of Thrones the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Harry Potter the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Peter Jackson's LOTR the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Terry Pratchett being the best-selling UK author in the 90s the triumph of fantasy?" etc.

 Basically, there's always one or two fantasy books/TV shows/films that break out into the mainstream every couple years. That's been true for a loooong time. But the genre itself never provides a lot of popular products at the same time.

 I even specifically remember a lot of "Fantasy has taken over YA for good!" articles during Harry Potter/His Dark Materials, but then like 5 years later it was all dystopian SF (Hunger Games/Divergent/etc.) and now it's dominated by sappy realism ala John Green and Rainbow Rowell. Basically, cycles move quickly.

Fantasy has been considered pretty legitimate for a while now in the literary world. Not sure there is much new in 2015 other than one popular TV show.  




 because he writes so quickly and doesn't spend that much time editing them. I like him (see username), but, yeah. You publish 1-2 books a year, they are going to be more hit or miss than a writer who spends 5-10 years on every novel.  




 This is a really common question here, but honestly ideas are a dime a dozen. It's the execution that always is the hardest and what counts the most.  









 I like ASOIAF and a lot of other things mentioned here, but honestly this feels like an article that's written every 5 years. "Is Game of Thrones the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Harry Potter the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Peter Jackson's LOTR the triumph of fantasy?" "Is Terry Pratchett being the best-selling UK author in the 90s the triumph of fantasy?" etc. 

Basically, there's always one or two fantasy books/TV shows/films that break out into the mainstream every couple years. That's been true for a loooong time. But the genre itself never provides a lot of popular products at the same time. 

ETA: I even specifically remember a lot of "Fantasy has taken over YA for good!" articles during Harry Potter/His Dark Materials, but then like 5 years later it was all dystopian SF (Hunger Games/Divergent/etc.) and now it's dominated by sappy realism ala John Green and Rainbow Rowell. Basically, cycles move quickly.  




 Yes, it's nonsense. The problems with all of these articles is that the numbers are just basically made up, because the actual numbers are all over the map. Trad publishing debuts can range anywhere from a mere 3k to 2 million in advances (there was a literary debut novel that got 2 million a couple years ago). Self-publishing authors mostly earn zero dollars, but those who do earn can range from 1 dollar a month to, who knows, 400k a month. 

Without knowing the work itself or the market you are looking at, there's no way to know what your potential money will be. 

 














 Oh sorry it didn't come up in search, must have been submitted with stuff on the end of the actual link 














 haha. Maybe the "walkers" refers to those things old people use 




 That all makes sense, but winter is coming was just my shorthand for how much winter and the white walkers are hyped up as the major threat (and I think they still will be in books 6/7) yet take forever to happen. 

It's not just the starks saying it. The first books have everyone talking about needing to prepare for winter, get grain stored away, etc.  




 I mean honestly, I haven't read enough of all three to make a big case here. Only 2-3 books from each.  









 Of those two, Dostoevsky because he is more dark and existential (but Gogol over both) 




 Right? I mean, are you telling me Italo Calvino and George Saunders aren't cool, entertaining, and fun to read?  




 Dunno, seems self-publishers are almost all reliant on Amazon which has been known to change terms and restructure algorithims at the drop of a hate. Didn't they slash royalty rates on audiobooks recently with basically no notice?  




 All I'm saying is that Book 1 made it seem like winter (and white walkers) would be the main battle the characters would face over the series. Instead, it's barely even talked about until the ends of books 4/5. Just kind of funny, not a big criticism. It's like if LOTR started out talking about Sauron and the rings then forgot about both until halfway through Return of the King 




 ***SPOILER ALERT***

haha come on, the winter of snow piling up hundreds of feet, everyone being locked down, the white walkers finally coming.... none of that has happened yet. 

And even the stuff you are talking about only happens at the VERY end of the 4/5 simultaneous books.  









 Something like a million books get self-published each year, but only a few thousand novels get published through actual presses. So, yeah, odds are most people calling themselves authors are just selfpublished.  




 If you don't think that there are lots of entertaining books with cool stuff in them shelved in literary fiction, and lots of wanky bullshit in the genre sections, you just haven't read many books.  














 ** SPOILER ALERT ***

lol right but that means we won't actually see any real winter until book 6. Book 5 is still people preparing for it.  




 Kind of like when Martin told us "Winter is coming!" in book 1 then, lol, April Fools, it doesn't even happen until book 6... maybe! 
























 Well, by that logic nothing should ever cost anything since some things are free. Youtube and so on are supported in part by ads though. 


 To me it just feels as if the pricing of audiobooks (and also books to a certain extent) is stuck in some kind of premium category of entertainment, while it today with everything being digital it is not really different from any other form of entertainment.

People say this on here a lot but I don't understand it. Books operate basically the exact same as other mediusm as far as I can tell. 

* You have Netflix for movies, and you have Oyster for books at same price. 

* You can pay 20 something for a DVD of a film or 15 for a CD of music and you can pay 15 or so for a paper book (more for fancy hardcover). 

* You can get a digital DVD/CD/ebook for a few bucks cheaper than the physical version. 

* You can watch some limited content free on YouTube, and there is tons of free fiction on web journals. 

All that said, an audiobook subscription service seems like a good idea. An audio counterpart to Netflix/Hulu/Oyster makes sense to me.  




 Are you saying you read 90% of the book, but not the last chapter?  




  also more expensive than going and seeing a movie.

huh? Most movies are 2 hours and most movie tickets cost more than 8 bucks. Also, most audiobooks are more like $2 an hour, and movie tickets are waaaaaay more than $4 bucks at least where I live.  




 $4 an hour is really cheap for entertainment. Movie tickets cost more than that. Concert tickets cost way more. A professional sporting event costs way way more. 

As to why it costs more than a paperbook.... not sure. Probably because the voice actor has to be paid too.  




 Goodreads. Amazon tends to have ever few reviews, unless the book is very famous, and has more scam and fake reviews. 

But I read professional book reviews over either.  









 I think the first 70 pages or so are easily the hardest part of IJ. If you push through, it gets easier to read. The book is intentionally confusing at first (it starts at the chronological end of the narrative)

But if you don't like it, no reason to force yourself to read.  














 Impressed that you read every one! 

(I'd rank Marlon James and VaderMeer much higher personally) 



















 Depends what you mean by "common." Mandarin has the most speakers by total number, but you'd be far more likely to run into an English speaker in most countries in the world. All of the Mandarin speakers are concentrated in China and a couple neighboring countries, while English is the primary or secondary language of a huge number of countries and more or less the "global language" still.  




 You should read everything in the language it was written in if you have the choice... meaning if you speak that language. 

Otherwise read in the language you are most comfortable with.  














 Ideas, in books, come in the form of words. Changing words absolutely changes the meaning of ideas.  




 My point is that it's very easy to believe that people will make apps that do more than just censor a few curse words.  




 I can think of a couple recent mainstream adult novels that were anthropomorphic

* The Bees by Laline Paull (came out last year, about, well, bees)

* Albert of Adelaide by Howard L. Anderson (2012, about Australian animals)

I haven't read either so can't comment on the quality, but both were literary fiction published by big houses. Clearly an anthropomorphic novel CAN be sold. (As others note, it's even more common to find SF/F books with anthropomorphism.) I'm sure it is harder to sell, but on the other hand there are less people doing them
 




   More importantly, Clean Reader can censor words, but it can't censor ideas.

Why on earth do you think that future apps won't do this? 

There were news stories about a woman who rewrote Harry Potter to be about Christianity instead of wizards and witches, removing all the "evil" witchcraft. 

I could easily see future apps being designed to filter out ideas or to cut out portions of a novel that the app makers don't like. Say, The Jungle, which ends with a pro-socialist message. Surely some conservative would be down to read that book with the ending cut off, and a future app might oblige him.  




 Great book! 
























 Even if he isn't comparing his exact work, he's saying the style of writing he prefers is superior to another style 




 Except this is one writer saying his style of writing is better than another writers.  




 I would say the hallmark of bad writing is being boring. Most of the other stuff people say isn't true. By which I mean, there are great books without round characters, great books without plots, great books that are heavily stylized and/or with very little style, yada yada. Any of that kind of thing can be done as long as the work is interesting. 

A hallmark of mediocore writing is that it's not memorable, to me at least. So a book that's interesting superficially while reading, but which you never think about again isn't really "good" writing in my book. (for me most "airport fiction" / beach read books fall into that category).  




  My idea is "simple": after an author dies his books must be given for free in digital editions, while the physical copies must be sold at a price that covers the costs of the production, plus an income for the editors and all the work that is behind it. 

Isn't this basically how things already work except instead of "right at death" it happens after copyright runs out. Once that happens, Gutenberg and other places give it out for free digitally and cheap paperback companies like Dover Thrift sell paper books for like 1-3 bucks. 

Basically you just want a shorter copyright? 

 digital distribution doesn't have costs.. 

This really isn't true. But again, once copyright is finished places like Project Gutenberg make free digital copies.

 I'd like to know if my idea is in some way feasible

A post on reddit isn't going to change international copyright laws  




 While James Joyce is vastly superior to Coelho so... 














 I'm not sure what to think of this, a lot depends on if the company HELPS you crowdfund. 

Meaning, do they have a dedicated base of users who you wouldn't have access to otherwise? Or are they bascially asking you to do your own kickstarter and then saying they will take a cut if it works?  




 Unless you only read books by Stephen King and JK Rowling, most of the authors you read are probably not making much money. Most authors do not earn enough to live on from writing even if they are best selling authors. 

 i don't see how writing a book is any different from completing an album. 

I agree, but aren't most paperback books about the price of an album? And much cheaper than most concert tickets? 




 That's really rare though. Most ebooks from big publishers on amazon are between 4 and 8 bucks from what I've seen.

I agree that ebooks should be a few dollars cheaper than print books, but I think they basically always are. If the paper book cost less it's probably because Amazon or whatever site you were on discounted the paper book but not the ebook. 




  Wealthy people have such an advantage because they can afford to purchase all the new books that come out at full price.

There are more public domain books than you can read in a life

There are more free articles online than you can read in a life

There are libraries in every town with free books

 




 You dont have to be writing high art to not want it censored.

Question: would you be fine having your work with your name in it sold through an app that inserted racial epithets throughout? 




 Some people actually do have principles and beliefs and care about more than just sales 




 Okay, I didn't realize you were going off about DRM. A few things: 

- "authors" do NOT have the power to stop any shop selling their goods, unless they are self-publishers I guess. Authors sign contracts with publishers, who sign contracts with distributors, who sell to retailers. As I noted before, many authors wanted to pull books from Amazon during the recent Amazon fight but couldn't because they'd signed those rights away. 

- In general, I'm not a fan of DRM. But DRM is hardly unique to "authors." All digital products can, and frequently do, have DRM. Conversely, many publishers don't use DRM at all. 

 In other words, authors can stop their ebook from being sold by "White Power Books" for the same reason there is no such thing as a 'used ebook store'. 

Well, no. As I noted above, authors sign contracts. If you sign with a publisher who sells books to White Power Cafe or ebooks to WhitePowerCafe.com, you are shit out of luck really. All you can do is complain and ask for them to be pulled, but you can't legally make that happen.  




 Let me ask you: would you think authors would be wrong to complain about an app that inserted sexist or racist terms into their work? Would they be bullies for asking the app makers to not do that? 




  Would it be bullying if the service in question was, say, a same-sex dating app and the media firestorm was from the conservative press?

If someone developed an app that inserted Satanic references, gay marriage, and, what else do Christians hate these days?, global warming into Christian novels, and Christian authors got upset about it I would not say they were bullies. I mean, I think it would be pretty funny because gay marriage is cool and climate change is real, but conservative authors would be in their rights to say they don't want the app used on their books. 

 If you can change the names and none of the logic and up with a radically different conclusion, then maybe you should reconsider how honestly you've arrived at your opinions.

Haha, dude, whatever our disagreements here, your "change the names" example was COMPLETELY unrelated. Here Christian conservatives are attempting to change the words of artists and the artists are upset. That has nothing to do with a same-sex dating app that Christians hate because they are homophobic. 

No author is saying that all books should have profanity! No one is saying that Christian books shouldn't be allowed to exist! 




 It seems like you have a problem with words, because this is not "bullying" and these people are not "victims."  




 Who is calling for new regulations? 

Why do these threads always turn into silly straw men arguments? 

There are plenty of things that are within someone's legal rights that they rightly get criticized for. What it really seems like is that people like you think that everyone should shut up and never ever speak out against racism, sexism, censorship, or anything else.  




 All the whining about "reader's rights to their property" is so absurd in this case to me. 

Look, there are one million books published a year. There is a near infinite back catalog of books published in human history. You don't like a book because of the language? Don't buy it! Buy any of the millions of books that don't use those words. You're "rights" are not being infringed that a book exists with words you don't like! 

This simply isn't a problem that needs fixing! Go read a different book. Jebus.  




  The fact is that bread companies don't have the power to stop any shop from selling their goods. This is because bread companies don't have monopoly rights on their bread.

What on earth are you talking about? 

A bread company absolutely has the same rights as an author/publisher. They can enter into contracts with retail shops, or they can not. 

I seriously don't understand what you think is going on with books? What's different? 

p.s. authors do NOT have the power to stop any shop from selling their goods, they have to honor the contracts they enter into. Many authors wanted to pull books from Amazon but couldn't because they signed contracts, for example.) 

 You would be a monopolist if you had the power to stop "White Power Cafe", but because you don't have that power you aren't a monopolist.

Again, authors do NOT have that power. Even in this case, it was authors complaining that got the Clean App to take them off. They didn't legally force the app to stop it. IF there was a legal basis for it to be stopped, it would be on some intellecutal property grounds that would apply to other goods as well!

You seem to be very confused about the situation here.  




 If you have legitimate reasons to not read a book--such as actual PTSD, which is a real thing not just "feeling icky" at curse words--then you teacher will almost certainly give you some alternative. Teachers are normally pretty sensitive to that kind of thing. 

if you don't actually have any real pyschological need to avoid a book, but just don't want to see words like "penis" or "piss" then your teacher will likely roll their eyes at you. 

Again, I don't see what this has to do with Clean Reader. Trigger warnings are for things that can trigger PTSD. This app does not scrub out rape scenes or violent war scenes. It just changes curse words and some body part terms.  




  But as another redditor mentioned, what would happen if you do have a serious psychological issue that multiple psychologists/psychiatrists/etc have proven, should you still be forced to read it?

The issue here is with a teacher FORCING you to read the book, not with the author writing the scene. 

I think trigger warnings and what literature can or should be taught in school is an interesting question, but it really doesn't have anything to do with this app (unless you are suggesting that seeing the word "piss" instead of "pee" could cause serious psychological damage...) 




  Authors demanding "My book, my rules, and that includes my words. ALL of them." is no different than any monopolist making outrageous demands for using their service, because they have the power to do so

Sorry it's... totally fucking different on every single level. 

First off, this app sold ebooks through it. So authors wanted their books pulled from a store that was promoting religious censorship. 

Are you telling me that if I sold muffins and didn't want my muffins sold at a White Power cafe, that'd be a "monopolist"? 

Or if I was a rubber band maker and asked for my rubber bands not to be sold through a openly anti-gay office supply company that it would be "horrid" of me? 

Really? If I make rubber bands and don't want a company to stamp "fuck [some racial group" on them and sell them, then I can't tell them not to use my rubber bands without being some evil, "horrid" monopolist? I have a hard time believing you really think this. 
 




 But authors have the right to not sell their work through an app that censors it. So it's different than the sharpie. It's more like authors demanding their books be pulled from a Nazi bookstore.  
























 Well, I disagree. Not that Martin can't do that, but that having "rules" actually changes anything. Plenty of books with strict magic "rules" still find plenty of ways to have cheap plot twists, overly powerful spells, or other such things.  




 I'm not sure how you are using deus ex machina. The term, as I understand it, is, to quote wikipedia, 

 "a plot device whereby a seemingly unsolvable problem is suddenly and abruptly resolved by the contrived and unexpected intervention of some new event, character, ability or object. "

Stoneheart is unexpected, surely, but she doesn't solve a problem. It's not like Ned Stark is the hero of ASOIAF and just when you think he can't possibly survive, Stoneheart revives and saves his life. She's just a weird character and plot twist, but she isn't a deus ex machina. (Hell, so far she barely even impacts the plot at all. Just kills a bunch of no-names) 




 Anything, or at least any magic system, can be used as a deus ex machina. (Rowling, or whoever, can easily just have Dumbledore cast some crazy spell, or if she decides a plot point needs a certain kind of spell can just write in a silly scene where that spell is mentioned earlier. There's just as much freedom there.)

But where do you think Martin uses it that way?  




 Honestly, ASOIAF. 

I like 

A) that it's mysterious and not spelled out as bluntly as most books

B) involves sacrifice. Almost all the magic seems to be some from of "blood magic" where people have to die or at least get injured for spells to work. 

C) Competing (i.e., ice magic, fire magic, warging, etc. all seem to come from different groups and different religions)

D) Rare.  









 But let's be clear. "Viewed" here means how it can be sold and read, not the "interpretation" or "meaning." 

I'd say it was fucked up if a book store cut a novel in half and only sold half the novel to people. Maybe you DGAF if the author wants the novel sold in full, but I side with the author there.  




 You are correct. There is zero "fault" with an author not wanting their book rewritten by dumb parents. Quit literally zero.  




 Oh please, the only thing slapping anyone in the face are idiotic christians thinking it's their job to censor novels 




 Not really, because this app promotes itself for children, basically it's for parents to censor their kid's reading 




 I'm not advocating for DRM, but you can still respect an author's work without there being a law or DRM to enforce it. 

Buuuut you pay for a book, physical or e, not a word doc. And this isn't a user going through and blacking out words in their personal copy, it's more like a company that sells books in a way that authors don't consent to.  




 I've increasingly found no use for my e-reader. I prefer paper for a dozen reasons, but I'm happy to e-read... however, I have an Oyster app on my phone that's much more convenient than lugging a Kindle around. Then when I'm at home, I have paper books. 

Just no use for a Kindle except really long trips I guess.  














 Very much agree with this. Authorial consent matters. And this extends to shit like pirating people's books without permission.  




 Thanks! I try, I thought this one was good and adjuncting is a big issue especially for writers 



















 Ideas are a dime a dozen. Execution is all that counts.  




 She is one of the best short storie writers ever in my opinion 














 I would say: best idea!

 




 Yeah, it just becomes a really narrow echo-chamber kind of thing from what I've seen. 

I do use Goodreads to track my own books, but I don't review or share or comment.  




 Yeah I think it's a bad trend, at least for me. I also think it makes everyone read the same things. You want to be "in on the conversation" so everyone buys the same books and has the same opinions... 









 Also, EVERY single editor and agent who has worked in the industry for any amount of time has passed over a ton of books that ended up doing well. That's the nature of the game. 

Granted, Harry Potter is an exceptionally huge miss, but you are going to have a lot of them.  



















  I know a few people who are making serious money as self-published authors (I'm talking more than $500,000 each year)

You know three or more people who are raking in a half million a year? 

That would put you well into the top 1% 




 I totally believe he know the general endgame of book 7 from the start BUT over the course of the expanding series he's introduced all these new people and given then major narrative weight (Euron, Vicatarion, all the Dorne people, etc.) and he'll have to have them all do something. They can't all just die suddenly without impacting the plot really.  









 Most writers do NOT plan everything out. 

Or at least, most literary writers don't. Genre writers are more prone to developing detailed plot outlines.  




  "Of the top 7000 best-selling books, indie books have higher average review scores than the traditionally published suggesting quality is not a significant problem for indies."

lol lol

Look, no one in the industry takes the Author Earnings seriously. They fail basic statistics. 

But the above is really comical because fake reviews, purchased reviews, and scam reviews are RAMPANT in the self-publishing world. Of course they get hire reviews when the the reviews are all from friends, family, or people they paid to review! 

Beyond that, people who "review" a free or 99 cent ebook hold it to a lower standard than a 25 dollar hardcover. It's fair of them to do so, since they are paying way less, but they aren't reviewing the same thing in that case. 

 Also, I'll point out that the trads publish their share of crap (Twilight, 50 shades etc...)

You know that 50 Shades was self-published as fan-fiction first?  




 Everything I've read has been uniformly awful. I'm sure there is SOME good self-published work out there. I can even think of one--but only one--book that started self-published then was lauded as a traditionally published book: The Martian. (There was also Hugh Howey, but everyone I know who has read Wool says it's mediocre and not worth reading, and 50 Shades of Grey, which is considered one of the poorest written books ever published.)

But yes, of course it is low compared to traditional, for a very simple reason: numbers. 

There are something like ONE MILLION self-published books each year. Some of those are by bots and such, but the point is that there are vastly more self-published books than traditionally published books. Even if you believed there were as many good novels self-published as traditionally published, the self-published "good" ones are buried under an entire mountain of horrible ones. And there is no reliable way to find them, since the review system is a total scam with people purchasing reviews, leaving negative reviews on rivals, and begging their friends and family to review.  




 Yes this kind of thing is depressing. It's bad enough that popularity matters more than talent, but it's even worse when it's just popularity in any medium that gets you a book deal. Getting film rigths to a film series is one thing, but given the person a book deal who hasn't written a book?  




 I noted marketing! Agree though 









 He's certainly right, but that's small comfort for us now 




 It's not just your average novel though. Lots of best sellers and awardwinners had some rejections, often way more than Rowling. 

 That's why it's a big deal. In a rational, fair world, where author skill is linked to ease of getting published, you'd expect the most popular books to be identified as such from the people whose job it is to find them.

I think you make a big mistake equating "author skill" with "most popular books"! 




 I'm ready for these distinctions to die. In the past, all this stuff was separated. But now everyone readers and watches everything. You can't exist in 2015 America without watching/reading SOME fantasy (GOT/Harry Potter/LOTRetc.), science fiction (Star Wars, Star Trek, BSG), some superhero stuff (Marvel films, whatever). yada yada. 

We all read and watch it all today.  









 I'm with you! I don't think Harry Potter was pure luck. She writes pretty well and mostly the books are SMART, but which I mean they combine popular genres and they came out at a time when there weren't many big fantasy YA books or children's books. So smartly done.  




  But a shit ton of people liked it anyway.

Well one thing we should do is separate "sold" from "liked." 50 Shades became a big phenom, which means tons of people bought it just to hate read it or because it was famous and then didn't like it. 

But yes some people like it. I guess I don't think it follows that the book "did something" for those people in any real way. Or at least, I think there are 10,000 other books that could have done the exact same thing for those people. That 50 Shades became a mega hit and not the thousands of similar erotica novels is, to my mind, really just luck and marketing. It doesn't say anything about the quality of the work on any level. 

 Even if you, in your refined book taste, does not see it.

I don't think it has anything to do with refinery FWIW. I just think we should acknowledge that much of what gets popular has to do with luck, marketing, and other factors that don't relate to the work itself. I also think that fame is all about snowballing. Once something starts getting famous, it gets more and more that way. That's true of even high brow literature (say the Goldfinch the other year). Also true of films, restaurants, and a million other things. That's all. 
 




  And there's where she should totally get some real credit: World-Building

Really? I normally see even big fantasy and HP fans ding her for her lazy world building. Like even the basics of the world make no sense: there's the greatest villain ever in England, and there are magic schools and wizards all over the world yet... none of them come help? They aren't involved at all except for a silly school tournament? 

I agree with you that she deploys the tropes well. Like I said, they are fine books and way better than other mega sellers like Twilight/50 Shades/Divergent.  




  If she was such a mediocre writer, the series would've died before it was finished.

50 Shades of Gray is the best selling book around and the author literally can't write basic sentences that even make sense. (Google "worst 50 Shades sentences" if you want to see and cringe.) 

Rowling is WAAAAAY better than EL James. But a book selling really well truly isn't any measure of quality. In fact, shitty books are more likely to sell well. And mediocre writers finish bad series all the time. Hell, there are probably literally thousands of self-published novel series on Amazon that haven't even sold 100 copies. 

 The book has to have done at least one thing really well so it resonates with people.

What do you make of the fact, posted below, that Rowling's pen name novel was selling horribly until it leaked that she was the author, then it shot up to #1? Was the book not doing anything well at first then magically started doing things well without being rewritten?  




 Sure, of course it took thought/care/skill to create. They are fine books. But they are also highly formulaic and use very overused formulas. The orphan hero who learns he has a magical destiny is like THE classic hero journey trope. And /r/books sometimes has threads where people marvel at Rowling's creatures, not realizing they are almost all classic myth/fantasy creatures who've existed in a thousand other books. 

But hey, there's a reason they are formulas: they work. Most blockbuster films and bestselling books adhere to well-worn formulas. There's a reason, too, that Hollywood reboots the same characters and franchises over and over. It works and it sells.  




  because the entertainment industry isn't about producing quality work - it's about fame and power.

Well it's a business, but I think writers make a mistake blaming the industry. The problem is really readers. As you note, readers only buy books from names they know: 

 If I remember, her pen-name book was 5,000th on the best-sellers list. Until it was leaked that she authored it - then it jumped right up to number 1 for weeks on end.

If readers cared about emerging writers or unknown names, we'd all do better.  




  They're just hyped and got popular so we all love them.

The thing people forget in these conversations is that luck plays a huge factor here. There were probably dozens of books as good as, say, Twilight or Divergent even coving the same subject matters... (probably 10,000 books in the case of 50 shades) but they didn't catch on because of timing/luck/lack of marketing/ and whatever else. 

Point being, an agent is only "stupid" for passing on those books in retrospect. 9 times out of 10, Divergent would probably be a flop.  




 Harry Potter is not all that well written. It's not even very original, it just combined two highly popular British genres (high fantasy and the boarding school novel) and caught on.

But it's better than Twilight, Divergent, 50 Shades, and most of the other mega sellers that came after. They aren't great books, but they were smartly marketed and came out in a great time without much competition.  




 Agreed that isn't much rejection at all. 

Imagine if you were a NBA player drafted 12th. "No teams wanted me!" Uh... not really.  









 It's for the full body of work, but there are several names there who are among the most famous international authors.  




  and at present none of the top contenders for being the Magic-Zoroastrian warrior-messiah are in a position of power,

This is just classic Hero's journey trope stuff though. The great prince/princess always falls farthest (Snow being killed by his own men, Dany having her empire crumble and ending up in the dessert) before they rise to glory. I feel pretty confident that one or both of them will be the Azhor Azai and save everyone 




 Totally agree. The world is overpopulated and there are tons of kids who need adoptions around the world. Having a kid is pretty selfish when looking at those facts. You really need to have YOUR genes propagated in a planet of 7 billion? 

I don't look down on people who have kids mind you. But I definitely think that if one of those routes is selfish, it's having kids not deciding not to.  




 From the NY Times. 

 Marcel Proust never had a job.

 Emily Dickinson never had a job.

 Gustave Flaubert, Sartre believed, exaggerated or fabricated an epileptic condition so as to get out of law school and instead move back in with his mother.

 Vladimir Nabokov was born into vast wealth, lost most everything, eventually landed a teaching position at one university and then another, wrote arguably his best works during that time, and later retired to Montreux, Switzerland. His wife, Vra, by his account, served him as a secretary, typist, chauffeur, teaching assistant, research assistant ... and so on. 
























 Well, I don't think he'll reconcile everyone! I imagine Euron and Littlefinger will play chaos spoilers and have to be killed. And I bet the whole thing will end with an uneasy peace. 

But I bet that Dany and Jon will unite, joining the wildlings, the north, and Dany's army and dragons to fight the walkers. Dorne will probably join them (after Aegon gets defeated). Stannis will joing. 

Lannisters are already a spent force. As I said, Iron Islanders and Littlefinger (with the Vale?) will cause trouble. Aegon will have to be defeated. It won't be some easy happy thing! 
























 Oh, I think Davis is totally deserving. But we seem on the same page this year.  




 Well, those four writers are from 3 different countries and 2 continents, but I agree would be nice to go to someone like Aira or Krasznahorkai this year 




 I think you are confusing the Man Booker with the Man Booker International (they are two different prizes). The International prize was never restricted to the Commonwealth. The regular booker is now open to any book written in English, but the International prize has always been international.  




 Yeah I don't think she is named after the publisher, the publisher is named after something else.  




 US english: 

 "What do you mean, 'That's final?'" said Emma.

UK English: 

 'What do you mean, "That's final?"' said Emma.

 




 Yeah I can see that. But bookstores do have authors sign a big stack of copies everytime they do a reading so lots of signed copies floating around. (Store normally puts a sticker on it saying "signed copy" though) 


































 This seems like a trick question 









 Well, I'm not saying it's how I'd write it, but I'm saying that's what the narrative has built up. Winter is coming, Azhor Azhai prophecy, dragons (fire) vs. white walkers (ice), The Wall... so many of the huge elements of the book are about the Walkers. 

I think Martin's point WRT human treachery is that the "players" in the game of thrones are killing each other over fleeting glory and ignoring the true existential threat coming from the north.  




  As much as I agree that the Others will need to be addressed at some point, 

I don't think they will just be "addressed" I think they are the end game of the books. The others aren't just some random thing that's been mentioned, the narrative has totally  built them up as the central question. Consider: 

1) "Winter is coming" is like the most famous phrase in the book and we hear it from book one. The White Walkers bring winter. 

2) The Azhor Azhai prophecy is all about a hero saving humanity from the white walkers. Either Dany or Jon is AA reborn. 

3) The most magical and amazing element of westeros, the Wall, was built to keep out the others. 

4) The book is called A Song of Ice and Fire. Ice are the walkers, fire are the dragons (I guess). 

etc. 

Plus, Martin has said we are going to travel far north in book 6 so we'll learn a lot about them. 

 If Martin doesn't flake out and make the Others vanish entirely, then I suspect the show won't make them much more than a damp squib. 

I think you are totally wrong. I'd place money on the walkers being THE major baddies (from humanity's POV) who invade a Westeros weakend by war and are only stopped by Dany and her dragons, as well as the kingdoms uniting together. 

This doesn't mean we'll have a happy ending. Dany will probably die saving westeros, but still.  




 Yeah but the outline was very different from what happened in the books, so... 




 I like Martin, but he seemed to be kind of scrambling in the last few books and introducing all these plots lines and stories he never planned on doing. 

Now, before you say that I don't know what he had planned, remember that Martin himself has openingly admitted that: 

a) Books 4/5 weren't even supposed to exist. He was going to do a time jump for book 4 but couldn't make it work so wrote two entirely unplanned books. 

b) Admitted he struggled for years to figure out the "meeranese knot" problem with Book 5

So Martin himself is pretty open about not fully having all this planned out and getting himself into trouble.  




 Fight Club also didn't come out in the age of Twitter and facebook. 

(although i disagree that GOT is building towards who is king. It's building toward the White Walkers invading and humanity having to band together to survive)
 




 Seriously, this stuff can't be avoided at this point.  




 You've got more faith than me. Books 4 and 5 introduce a ton of plot lines that I think will take him a lot of effort and time to clear up. 

People say "oh, he can just kill everyone!' But the problem is that lots of characters have been set up as major movers and shakers and they will all have to do something meaningful before the end: Varys, Littlefinger, Bran, Dany, Jon Snow, Arya, Euron, etc. etc. 

We'll see though! 




 Yeah she's totally boring in the books. Would be easy to cut.  




 It's common for bookstores to get authors to sign copies of the books when they come to read, including Barnes and Noble. So, yes, it probably was a promotional thing at B+N. 

I've never heard of an author randomlly signing books. Not sure what that would even mean. The books are printed in one city, shipped to distributor in another, and then sent to various bookstores. They don't pass through the author's hands. 

I guess an author could go randomlly sign copies in bookstores they enter to amuse themselves though.  









 Yes, the only way I could see them working is by having them each be like 500,000 words, so "technically" 2 books but the length of 5 normal books. 

(The last ASOIAF book was over 400,000)  




 The first three books are the best, so might as well start there. But if you just want to know the plot or something, start with book 4.  




 lol 









 Well the books are best sellers so they are a cultural phenomenon too. I see people reading them all the time. Sure the show is more popular, but that doesn't necessarily mean the books can't be the definite version. For example, I'm sure more people have watched Harry Potter than read the whole series, but the books are probably still the "real" version. Ditto Lord of the Rings. 

But Game of Thrones... if the show ends the plot it will probably go down as the real version.  




 Honestly, I can't imagine how he can tie up all the plot lines in only two books 









 I thought that HBO said they wanted more BUT would respect the showrunners wishes. (Of course HBO wants more, its popular and makes them money!) 

But look, let's say GRRM somehow gets The Winds of Winter out by spring of next year, right as season 6 starts. That means he only as a year to get a book out before season 7... but even if they go 8 or 9 seasons he'd only have 2-3 years to write the book. He doesn't seem capable of doing that at this point.  














  onto a path that seems to make stuff gory because it generates PR, it seems.

Odd... I feel the show has gotten LESS gory and LESS sex-filled as it's gone on.. to it's benefit too.  




 I do wonder if the show will end up being the definitive version for the culture at large. Pretty strange to think about that happening, but it isn't totally unheard of (e.g., The Godfather film is THE Godfather, not the novel.) 









 Yeah but the early books are always easier in a series. Tying up all the loose ends (especially when Martin keeps adding subplots!) takes more time, I think.  

















































  They make it sound like every actor, musician, painter, or other artist has it easy. Well guess what, it's the same in the other entertainment industries. 

I think it's wrong to act like some periods aren't better or worse for different types of art. Musicians income peaked in the 80s or 90s and has been plummeting. Authors have been doing much worse over the past 15 years and advances are shrinking. 

Just because it's always "hard" doesn't mean it can't get harder or there can't be fewer spots. 

Being a tenured professor at a top college was always hard, but in the 70s or 80s there were far more tenure track spots. Now 70% of all classes are taught by low-paid adjuncts. 

Point being: things change.  




 collection society?  


































 No, I don't think art or reading are wasting time. As opposed to what? TV? Candy Crush? broadway shows? 

Not all of life can be working, eating, and sleeping. Books are a great combination of both entertainment and enlightenment.  




 fantastic book, one of my favorite story collections 






















































 To each their own, but I started with Blood Meridian and loved it. Then read Pretty Horses and thought it was only pretty good. Basically, the lush, biblical, southern gothic language of all of McCarthy's works up through Blood Meridian does much more for me than the sparse Hemingwayish later works.  







































  How in the world are "non-aware-of-puppy-nomination" authors "tarred by association"? I thought only idiots did the guilt-by-association thing?

If you win an award because of a faulty, rigged, or otherwise bad voting process then your win is tainted. I don't think that's unfair to say (if you agree the vote was rigged at least) 









 oh come on. The book in a bookstore is the same book as the one on amazon. And you already know the price will be higher in the bookstore before you go in. So browsing in a bookstore and then buying it when you get home on you computer is nothing like "compare and contrast" shopping, or even in seeing different prices (something people normally do online) 




 It's pretty shitty in all those cases too, but the difference is, I think, that with those things you can often buy from the same company. You try on a J. Crew suit, order the suit size later online. It helps J. Crew either way. 

But ordering from Amazon actively undermines bookstores.  




 I wouldn't go as far as shoplifting, but it's definitely kind of shitty. If you enjoy what bookstores provide, you should support them monetarily. Taking what you like from bookstores (browsing, live readings, etc.), then spending your money elsewhere is a sure way to make those bookstores go out of business. 
 














 This paragraph actually isn't in the final book, it was only in the reviewer galley (and to which you are never supposed to quote if you are a reviewer)  



















 Keep in mind that Stannis wanted the wildlings to fight in his wars, not just live south of the wall. A pact to let the Wildings live is different than a pact to let them probably die in a war 




 Ha true, I wasn't so impressed with Maggy, but just didn't think the age switch was a problem 




 I've seen enough old crone cliche witches in my time to not care that they went with a younger witch 




 Examples of women writers who wrote under Pen Names? James Tiptree Jr. is an obvious example. 

Here's an article though: 

http://io9.com/5077952/women-who-pretended-to-be-men-to-publish-scifi-books

"Women Who Pretended to Be Men to Publish Scifi Books" 




 The fact that there have always been some female SF writers doesn't mean there aren't more now or, as you yourself note, many were kept out and forced to write under pen names.  



















 This is pedantic, but the site tags the article "FANTASY" and it mostly seems to be about fantasy, yet the title says "storming the male citadels of sci-fi." 

Anyway, agree there are lots of great SF/F women writers these days.  









 eHow videos 




 Oh yeah I agree. But it seems to me kind of like the GOP establishment and the Tea Party. The SP's encouraged Day/Wright/rapid puppies at first and now are kind of shocked that they took over, and try to separate themselves.  




  Definitely authors complain about marketing, but the fact that so many are dismissive of house loyalty is something that I think is a shift in the recent 5-10 years.

I dunno, I never got the impression that authors were super loyal to their specific publisher in the past. For one thing, editors and publicists move around frequently, so the houses aren't stable either. There's no real reason to stick with a specific Big 5 imprint if the money is the same. 

I'd would be more interesting to see how many authors would opt to stick with their current editor.  




  Wright and Beale are different matters, of course - but Wright wasn't an organizer of the effort, and Beale had his own effort going.

Yes but... Correia and Torgensen nominated Beale last year and Wright this year, and seemed to take delight in having people like that get hugo nominations. (hard to believe they could seriously think those two are actually among the most deserving SF writers...) So they are hardly innocent for the results.  














 Come on, the Sad/Rabid puppies gave a record six nominations to John C. Wright and 9 to a brand new and poorly regarded publishing house run by Vox Day. 

Do you really think that Wright is the greatest living SF writer and Castalia House the best SF publisher around? 

This wasn't about the stories, it was about getting themselves and their friends on the Hugo ballot and "sticking it to the SJWs" (at least for the Rabid puppies) 









 Didn't Birdman win the Oscar and not Boyhood?  









 It's totally bizarre to me that people get so made about literary or artistic work winning awards over formulaic popcorn movies or beach read novels. Isn't the whole point of awards to highlight the best, boundary pushing work? 

Bestsellers already, well, sell the best and make tons of money. They don't need awards too.  
























 It's not uncommon, how much are they offering? Publishers use paintings and photographs for book covers all the time 




 True, except the SP nominated work Vox published, so they associated themselves with him.  




 According to this: http://file770.com/?p=21708 

the Rabid Puppies placed more candidates than the Sad Puppies, so it seems they had more support. (Unless it was all in the categories with low votes overall)

You can say he's a random quack, but then how did he get 9 noms for his publishing house, 6 for his author, and another 2 for himself? Plus other ones that weren't on the SP slate? (And why did SP nominate works he's edited?)

I don't see how stating the facts of who got nominated suggests I'm a conspiracy theorist. What conspiracy? Vox Day openly campaigned for those nominations, nothing hidden about it. 

note: I am NOT suggesting that Vox set anything up at the beginning. I'm suggesting that he jumped on the SP bandwagon, but pulled in a bunch of other voters to get himself and his publishing house a ton of nominations. 




  This was something Larry covered excellently himself. SP predates gamergate, but that doesn't stop the claims.

Well my understanding is that some SP and RP supporters did reach out to GG types, and there were a flood of new voters this year. So Larry himself may actively dislike GG and may have had nothing to do with it, but that doesn't mean that the Sad Puppies campaign overall didn't. 

It's like if GOP presidential nominee hates homophobic evangelical Christians, but the GOP supporters drive tons of them to vote... can you not say that the Republican party is associated with homophobic christians?  




 Didn't Correia's sad puppies thing fail the last two years, and only succeeded this year with Vox Day? 

I guess it's hard to know who brought in more votes though 




 I don't like that either unless the ideology is currupting the work. Like, someone like Ayn Rand, to me at least, reads very poorly as fiction. Her characters are all flat and clear representations of her opponents, and then the characters that represent her viewpoint just go on 50 page lectures about the benefits of her philosophy. 

But if someone writers a great book, but outside of the work has bad opinions, I still read them. Hell, I love HP Lovecraft and he was a big racist.  




 glad we are mostly on the same page :) 









 But Vox Day's publishing house has 11 nominations! (9 for works, 2 for him as editor). Call him a quack, but he's dominating the nominees this year.  














 I will say though, that I know what you are getting at. There are people who think that women should be nominated 50% of the time every year, etc. I think that's extreme... because the quality of work isn't constant (and probably 50% of SF writers aren't women) So I'm not one of those, but I do think that systematic bias exists and that when the nominees are almost always men or always white year after year, that's not a great sign.  




 I mean, I don't think there's a static number. Women are 50% of the population. Does that mean that women should be 50% of the nominees? Not necesssarily. If it was 30% one year, 40% the next, 25% the next, 60% after that... that seems right. 

But if it's 15% or less year after year after year it's a problem. 

So I dont' think it's about the numbers in a specific year, but over time.  




 I just have a hard time believing that's the case. Like, I'd be interested in an official survey of political beliefs over hugo nominees in the past 10 years. I doubt that there haven't been some conservatives. 

I definitely think the SP are 100% wrong when they claim that the Hugos have become "more liteary" and "less popular" and that their picks are the "popular" picks of fandom. It was posted in one of these threads, but the official bookscan sales numbers show the Sad Puppy authors doing worse in sales than the "literary" authors they decry.  




 I don't believe there should be quotas. I think there's a difference between calling out racial bias and instituting official quotas, you know? 

 














 You asked me:

 Follow up question, if we disallow writers from being nominated based off their skin color isn't that discrimination?

And I said I don't believe that. No one shoudl be "disallowed" because of any skin color. But... why are you asking that? no one is saying white people should be disallowed, nor are the hugos at risk of losing white nominees... they've been almost entirely white every year since the Hugo was founded. 

 What does their skin color have to do with the quality of their writing?

You are looking at it wrong. It's not that skin color determines quality, it's that a third of the US is non-white. The MAJORITY of the world is non-white. So if you are only nominating white people, that means you aren't really reading the breadth of literature out there.  




 I actually don't care at all if a bunch of conservatives want to say "Hey, we should vote for more of the work we like!" 

But, it's pretty absurd for someone like Vox Day to bring in tons of outside voters, apparently from GamerGate, to get his brand new publishing house to get 9 nominations plus 2 for himself as editor. 

Honestly, all politics aside, ANY publishing house that isn't like... the biggest one around having that many nominations means the votes are tainted. Don't you think?  




 We've covered this in other parts here, but 

A) I don't think that "everyone who isn't a conservative Christian Anglo-American" is part of the same political disposition! There is a huge range of ideologies, political opinions, and stances outside of Christian UK/US conservatisim. So... I don't buy that the Hugos weren't diverse politically before, nor do I buy that the SP slate is politically diverse. 

b) Even having said the above, most Hugo nominees are not writing political fiction! And most probably aren't especially political themselves.  




 The Sad Puppies CLAIM their list is very diverse. I'm saying that's just a lie. It isn't diverse. 

Your other questions are much larger, but not something I'm addressing there. If the Sad Puppies want to say that their 90% male, nearly 100% white list represents the best fiction regardless of politics that's fine. We can debate that. But don't pretend the list is diverse because you put a few token women and non-whites on it.

I'm obviously not suggesting that white men be disallowed from nomination! That's a weird straw man. I think it's bad for a major award to be almost entirely white men, but I'm cerrtainly not saying there should be NO white men.  




 I don't know what the EW story originally said, but it is nonsense that the Sad Puppies are claiming their list is really diverse. Look at it yourself: 

https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/02/01/sad-puppies-3-the-2015-hugo-slate/

Best Novel: all white men

Best Novella: all white men

Best Novelette: all men, 4/5 white

etc. 

I only count 7 women (one listed twice) on their ENTIRE slate of 50+ names. 

If they want to say no one should think about gender or race or anything when voting, fine. But don't pretend that a list almost entirely made of up white American males has racial or gender diversity.  




 There's a bit of confusion about all this because there are three lists: The actual Hugo nominees, the Sad Puppies ballot, and the Rabid Pubbies ballot. 

I said that the actual nominees were largely conservative white men, with Wright getting six nominations and a brand new publishing house, run by Vox Day, getting 9. That's 100% true. 

The Rabid Puppies list was done by Vox Day, who is openly racist and was kicked out of the SFWA for calling a black author a "half-savage" and other things. His list was not diverse in the least. 

The Sad Puppies list was slightly more diverse... but only slightly. I think it's funny that the SP got EW to issue a correction, but we can actually judge the diversity for ourselves: 

https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/02/01/sad-puppies-3-the-2015-hugo-slate/

The Best Novel category is 5 white men. (Note: some people on reddit have been saying Correia is Latino. He's a white american of Portuguese descent)

Best Novella is 3 white men. 

Best Novellete is 4 white men and one non-white man. 

So... no, the Sad Puppies are not diverse. There isn't a single woman until the fourth category, and there are a only a handful of non-white authors on the whole list.  




 I hear you BUT what's funny/sad about all this is... the Hugos really haven't been that diverse. Like, just glancing at the last 10 of best novel winners it appears to be: 

10 white authors, 7 of which are men

100% white and 70% men is hardly affirmative action quota land. 

I'm also pretty positive the film and TV awards have been super white and male too. Granted, it's likely the case that the Hugos are more diverse than 100% whiteness if you get into some of the smaller awards like short story or novellete, but we are a LONG way away from racial quotas or non-white authors even being mathematically represented to their size of the population.

Basically, it seems like the Puppies are fighting a non-existent problem.  




 Here's the data on SP vs. RP for what it is worth: 

http://file770.com/?p=21708

 SAD PUPPIES 3: Recommended 60 nominees; 51 made the final ballot and 9 did not.

 RABID PUPPIES 2015: Recommended 67 nominees; 58 made the final ballot and 9 did not.

 A total of 61 nominees from both slates made the final ballot.
 This consists of 48 items recommended by both lists; 3 items only on Sad Puppies; and 10 only on Rabid Puppies. 




  If the conservatives had a great year then they should reap the rewards of their hard work

Sure... but that's not what happened here. Vox Day and co went outside of the normal voters and got a bunch of new people to vote who most likely didn't read any of the books/works. (The voting numbers increased a bunch.)

It's not like there were some acclaimed big conservative books. Rather, a bunch of totally obscure books that didn't sell many copies got on because of outside voting to "fuck with the social justice warriors" 




  I think they'll have a pretty hard time winning them, though.

Several of the categories are 100% Sad or Rabid puppies though, so either they win or get "No Award" 




 Heh, I copy and pasted the title but it's about a 2015 award for 2014 books 




 I gotta question the idea that the Hugos have been completely dominated by "a single definable political skew." 

I can buy that the Hugos have maybe been slightly left leaning, but there is a HUGE swatch of ground between "social libertarian who is okay with gay marriage," "centrist Democrat" and the anarcho-anti-capitalism of like China Mieville. Like there are huge historic ideologies that fit in that range. 

I also think most of these writers that get nominated are not especially political. 

It seems like basically a lot of SF writers think there should be more gender balance and more racial diversity. That's not a horribly political stance... women make up half the population, and like 30%+ of americans are non-white.
 




 Okay, in all seriousness, what percentage of NA ancestry does Vox Day even claim?

And also, in all seriousness, even if VD was full-blooded NA, if you call black people "savages" and shit you are racist. Doesn't matter your own racial background. 
 




 You are quoting someone else there, but this year's nominees were largely conservative white men who write really preachy christian/right wing fiction. 

As to their aesthetic diversity... I can't say I've gotten far enough in to compare, but when SIX nominations to go Wright and NINE to go one publishing house, I doubt it's horribly diverse on that level either.  




 I doubt he really has much Native American ancestry AND poc can certainly be racist. 

(claiming to have some tiny fraction of native american blood is really common among Americans of all political stripes, but this dude is lily white: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/14/Vox_Day_by_Tracy_White_promo_pic.jpg/220px-Vox_Day_by_Tracy_White_promo_pic.jpg) 




 The RP's won though. Wright is on there 6 times. Vox Day's publishing house is on there 9.  




 Again, see my post above. The Sad Puppies didn't win this year. The RABID Puppies did, and their slate was openly racist and decidedly not diverse. 

The Rabid Puppies and Sad Puppies slates overlapped somewhat, but the RP slate performed far better.  




 This year's nominees are decidedly less diverse than previous years. They made it less diverse.  




 The Nebula's are more like Cannes.  




 This is a great summary BUT you are missing a huge piece of the puzzle. 

This year Vox Day, an openly racist and sexist (talks about blacks as subhuman, advocates assaulting women) guy ran a "rabid puppy" slate full of 

A) openly racist or extreme right wingers

B) himself and his friends

(A and B completely overlap of course)

It was actually Vox Day's  slate that dominated the Hugo's not the Sad Puppy one. For example, Vox Day is on there twice, his author Wright is on there 6 times, and his publishing house is on there like 10 times. 

I imagine even Torgersen and Correia are embarrassed by Vox Day

 The Sad Puppies group say that it is odd that their motives are considered to be racism or conservatism, given that they recommended works by authors with diverse racial and political background.

Right, but what I said above is what everyone on both "sides" is missing. Correia and Torgersen's slate might have been pretty white and male, but at least somewhat diverse. But the Rabid Puppy slate was decidedly not. It was conservative, racist, and almost purely white. People are making a mistake conflating the Vox Day victory with Correia, but Correia and co are being silly pretending that the Hugo nominees aren't fully of extreme conservatives this year thanks to Rabid Puppies.  









 In addition to the density thing, keep in mind that most books that get adapted are GREAT books (well... nowadays it's often just shitty bestsellers like 50 Shades or Twilight, but in decades past). 

So if the books are all great, the adaptations have a high bar to pass. 

There are some movies that are almost universally thought of as better though: 

* Jaws
* The Godfather
* The Shining (okay this is debatable, but...)
* Psycho
* and so on

But a lot of people dont' even realize that Psycho or Jaws were novels, because the movie is so much more famous 





























 It's always been hard to be an artist in any field, but that doesn't mean it isn't HARDER in some eras than others.  




 I think hipsters read YA now 









 Lol. Have you actually looked at it?

First category: all white men
Second category: all white men
Third category: all men, 3/4ths white

So diverse!  




 What you aren't understanding is that Correia's Sad Puppies slate didn't win. Vox Day's Rabid Puppies slate did: http://voxday.blogspot.com/2015/02/rabid-puppies-2015.html

Rabid Puppies had Wright on 6 times. He won six nominations. 

Compare the link I just posted to what won. It was Vox Day, an open racist, whose slate won. Not Correia.  





























 The Baron in the Trees by Italo Calvino 









 haha 









 lol, my "side"? Not only do I think the side thing is silly, I actually think the Sad Puppies are exactly wrong. They claim that too many literary books are winning over fun, popular books... I think the exact opposite is the case. 

In recent years, the Hugos for best novel have gone to JK Rowling, Neil Gaiman twice, and John Scalzi, among other super popular middlebrow writers.  (And the movie and TV awards are obivously dominated by the most popular fare) 




 yeah it's a clear catholic allegory. But I, too, enjoy it.  




 The desire here to claim SF doesn't have a huge political tradition is just bizarre. Wells, Le Guin, Heinlein, Banks... so many of the biggest names and biggest franchises/properties (Star Trek anyone?) have been overtly political.  




 Not really. Honestly, I rarely read a second book by an author I do like! So many other authors out there. 

That said, I can imagine really loving parts of an author (their style, sense of humor, whatever) and not parts of a specific book (setting, plot, etc.) that would make me think they'd be worth another shot. Also, if the first book I read was their debut and they were known for their latter books.  




 In this way he's kind of like the Stephen King of fantasy (even though King does fantasy too). 

If you are a casual reader, King is like the only name in Horror that you'll know. Similarly, Gaiman is like the only name in whimsical fantasy for standalone books.  




 He's good at what he does, but he also doens't have much competition  if you are trying to figure his popularity. Fantasy is totally dominated by gigantic multi-book series of high fantasy battles, wizards, and elves. Game of Thrones, Wheel of Time, Harry Potter, Sanderson, etc. 

Gaiman does one-off books and story collections that combine fantasy, myth, and British wit. His books are fun, but have some standards "deep" threads to make them seem literary. 

if you want a fun standalone Fantasy-tinged novel, where else can you turn? I'm sure there are others and maybe people will name them in replies, but none as famous as Gaiman for the casual reader.  




 Isn't he the guy responsible for most of the nominations? I mean, he got two for himself and 9 for his personal press. Plus more for his personal friends. He's at the center of all this.  




 Libraries have films, and way more people pirate TV and film than books. I'd bet a much smaller percentage of books are read via library than film/TV/music via piracy.  




 Scalzi never had a slate he told people to vote for that I'm aware of. And certainly no "slate' form Scalzi or anyone else ended up dominated entire nominations from multiple categories. Someone in another thread said 68% of the Hugo picks this year were from the Sad Puppies or Rabid Puppies slates. That's crazy! It would be even higher if it wasn't for the TV and movie awards that get a lot more votes. 
 




 Most of the "liberals" being railed against by the SP types are white males (Scalzi, Wendig, etc.). Being a white male doesn't mean you are are conservative or liberal.  




 Local book store. 

Weir will likely make the same cut no matter where you buy, but increased sales of his book mean he'll get more money in an advance for his next book, and mean more SF books of similar ilk will get published.  




  I'm guessing he has never worked a minute of labor in his life.

You sure seem quick to judge someone whose life you know nothing about 




  I agree that at least this slate doesn't seem to be making the sales argument, 

Also the slate that won was really the Vox Day slate that was mostly just himself and his publishing house's works. So... hard to read it as anything other than self-aggrandizement.  




 Ancillary was a pretty big seller for a SF book though. It was definitely a popular book. It also won or was shortlisted for a ton of other awards and got of mainstream acclaim. 

I've never read it. But it doesn't seem like a good example of an obscure, dense book that mainstream audiences couldn't like and isn't well written getting triumphed over better popular stuff.  




 Sure, but I guess what I'm saying is that "literary merit" vs. "popular appeal" would actually be an interesting argument to have, but sadly that's not what we are having here. SP's aren't promoting popular work, but unpopular work that aligns with their politics. 

The literary vs. popular is an argument worth having though.  




 I think you are right that a dramatic increase in voting would mitigate the problem by virtue of everyone simply voting for the 2-3 mainstream names that had books that year. But that's not a great solution either. The point of awards, from my point of view, is to bring attention to fantastic work that may not have had great sales. 

We don't really need a Hugo that only goes to Neil Gaiman/Martin/Rowling/King type authors.  




 I'd really like to read Don Quixote 




 Well i've seen some evidence that they went to GG to recruit but either way, the point is that Vox Day and co brought in a bunch of new voters to flood the ballots. Which is, of course, their right under the current rules.  




 Yeah it predates the internet for sure. I believe it used to just be people who attended WorldCon, but then they opened it up to anyone who paid a fee (40 bucks currently I think) to vote.  




 yeah and this year a group actively recruited people who have never voted or cared about the Hugos before, often from Gamergate forums, to vote. The number of votes needed to be nominated increased a bunch this year thanks to influx of new voters.  




 I didn't read Lock-in and don't read Scalzi. I'm just saying that the popular SF/F books that sold well were left off the Hugos and the Sad Puppy slate.  




 The Three-Body Problem, Station Eleven, Annihilation... crazy all three of those were left off. Three-Body not only was totally beloved, but was pretty widely read (sold more than the SP books). And Station Eleven and Annihilation were HUGE sellers as well as highly acclaimed.  














 Good picks! 




 This is mostly right, but two things: 

 push a progressive or preachy message in lieu of good storytelling

No one can read the SP slate stories and think they are against preachy storytelling. They just want preachy storytelling that preaches their POV

 Popular authors who didn't push a progressive message were being shut out of nominations.

The authors on the Sad Puppy slate are not popular, except Jim Butcher who likely would have been nominated anyway. Just factually, their books don't sell well: http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/4/yes-people-do-read-the-novels-up-for-the-hugo-and-nebula-awards 




 but the Sad Puppies slate isn't diverse in any sense. Look at the nominees: not only is it a ton of white men with conservative views, it's all the same publishing houses (Castalia House has nine nominations) and even authors (John C. Wright has six nominations) 




  It's exactly the opposite of a campaign to vote for their friends or to a political movement. 

OK, one of the main organizers was Vox Day, although he called his slate Rabid Puppies. Vox Day was nominated in two categories and his publishing house Castalia House had NINE nominations. 

How can you say it's not about getting friends or themselves on the ballot when Castalia House had an insane nine nominations? And friend John C. Wright had an insane six nominations?  




   If people want a broader spectrum of nominations, then the solution is to get out there and nominate the stories   people you think are good.

Not really in practice. In practice, everyone nominating different stories they truly loved means that small political voting blocs, like the Sad Puppies, can completely dominate. The actual solution is to have rival voting blocs so the SP can only get one or two noms on in each category, while the other voting blocs each get one or two as well. 

But, really, the solution is to change the voting system.  




 Do you disagree that the majority of SP voters are white? Are male? And have politics that lean to the right? 

I mean they explicitly complain about "liberal" SF writers 




   The Sad Puppy list was created with the intent of 'fixing' the vote for popular, non-literary novels which Larry Correia, Brad Torgensen and the Sad Puppy Community enjoyed.

Except the books they nominated are not popular, other than Skin Game. They nominated people with very few readers, preventing the actually popular books to be left off the nominees.  




  Because if it's really supposed to be about nominating authors that are popular with a mass audience

It's most definitely not. There were plenty of SF/F books that sold well last year (Station Eleven, The Magician's Land, Southern Reach trilogy) but their politics don't align with the Puppies.  




 Well in what sense? Mainstream Republican politicians name-check Ayn Rand, so it wouldn't surprise me if more people in America today read Ayn Rand than read Dianetics or attend scientology churches. 

 




 I'm just basing it on what the Sad Puppies themselves said: 

 while the big consumer world is at the theater gobbling up the latest Avengers movie, fandom is giving science fictions most prestigious award to stories and books that bore the crap out of the people at the theate

 Ill say it again: the Hugos (and the Nebulas too) have lost cachet, because at the same time SF/F has exploded popularly  with larger-than-life, exciting, entertaining franchises and products  the voting body of fandom have tended to go in the opposite direction: *niche*, academic, overtly to the Left in ideology and flavor, and ultimately lacking what might best be called visceral, gut-level, swashbuckling fun.

Those are just from one blog post from organizer Torgensen https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/01/16/why-sad-puppies-3-is-going-to-destroy-science-fiction/ but the Sad Puppies are always talking about how their "popular" fiction is being replaced by "niche" "literary" work. 

But looking at actually numbers, it's all a lie. The big literary Sf books that win awards outsell the nice Sad Puppy books. They are more popular, not less.  




 You'd have to lose the 40 dollar. That's a big barrier for a lot of people, even with a book thrown in.  




 How is saying "totally obscure?" addressing my point? 

I'm not misrepresenting the slate. The Sad Puppies claim to be defending the popular fiction that people actual read, the book versions of The Avengers film (their comparison), but instead they picked a bunch of obscure books. Station Eleven, Annihilation, even Ancillary Sword sold way more copies than the non-Butcher books they picked: 

http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/4/yes-people-do-read-the-novels-up-for-the-hugo-and-nebula-awards

and the the shorter awards are dominated by things like John C. Wright and  Castalia House? Just factually speaking, they are not very popular. Wright is a completely nobody next to Gaiman, Scalzi, Martin, or a dozen other people you could name off the top of your head. 

ETA: I'm not advocating for big name authors like King, Gaiman, and Martin to win every award. I'm only saying that the Sad Puppy slate does not represent the popular authors despite their claim.  




 Well I don't disagree that getting people into short fiction would be good, though I suspect purely open voting would be really easy to rig there too and if a Stephen King or Neil Gaiman type decided to campaign they could dominate the short story awards with a few tweets. 

But, that would still be better than the Sad Puppies domination, so better than the status quo.  




 Wait... what? What does Indian or Hispanic writers nominated have to do with obscurity? 

The Sad Puppy slate was mostly full of really obscure writers, outside of Jim Butcher. And they promoted themselves as being defenders of the super popular like The Avengers.  




 Right? You'd expect that John C. Wright was the modern day Robert Heinlein or some shit with his six (!) nominations 




  This is probably true. But the "Sad Puppies" also have a valid point that the more political nominations of the past weren't going to highly-read or especially good works, either.

but why counter that with... work that wasn't widely read or good but happens to share your viewpoint? 

If the Sad Puppies wanted to actually promote the most popular work, they should have had a best novel slate of Station Eleven, Annihilation, Skin Game, The Martian, and Lock In... or something like that. (Maybe California?) Anyway, only Skin Game was the only one they nominated that was actually popular.  




  This would democratize the Hugo. It would make it, finally, a real fans' award. It would remove the gaming-the-system loophole that now exists due to low numbers of voters. Just, make the numbers of voters huge. Overwhelm all the factions. No lit faction, no sad anything, no political anything, just lots and lots of voters.

Is that much better though? In those kind of awards, it just goes to whatever book sold the most. Most people don't actually read many books, so there would only be a couple bestsellers who could even be in contention. And we don't need awards that recongize the bestseller list.... we can just look at the best seller list.  




  Also I didn't know she had a cult that big rivalling Hubbard.

might be bigger at this point, the Going Clear HBO doc on scientology  made it sound like their global membership has rapidly dwindled in the last decade.  









 It's never been this nakedly political before. There have always been groups, but the Sad Puppies voting bloc voted on a unified slate of mostly totally obscure white male authors. 

So instead of one or two surprises with, I guess, liberal politics getting on, you have literally entire categories entirely dominated by the Sad Puppy voting bloc. 

Politics aside, having basically a few people pick who gets nominated for most categories isn't a great way to do awards. I'd think it was gross if one or two liberal SF writers came out with the Politically Correct Slate and then the PC slate dominated every category.  




 They rigged the voting: http://www.jasonsanford.com/blog/2015/3/yes-the-sad-puppies-campaign-swept-the-hugo-awards 




 That's the funniest part! They claim to defend popular literature by getting a bunch of obscure dudes to replace actually popular, bestselling authors.  




 Sorry, I just had SP/Gamergate guy in another thread tell me those two guy's alleged ethnicity as a rebuttal to my factually true statement that the Sad Puppy slate was overwhelmingly white and male. May have carried over my eye-rolling.  




 It's even weirder because the "literary" titles that have won, like Michael Chabon, have been popular books with tons of sales... so the idea that "popular fun books" are being ousted by obscure literary books just doesn't bear any relation to the facts.  




 It's not even a "popularity contest" when the works nominated aren't actually very popular. Annihilation, Station Eleven, tons of books that actually sold really well got bumped off for obscure neckbeard dudes.  




 There might be some, but I bet that danceswithronin was talking about having 6 short stories ready to send at any time. I agree with you that six book length works is... impossible.  




 six manuscripts of short stories or poems is very, very common. 

Six book-length manuscripts? Never heard of that. But we are talking magazines here, right?  




 So... that means you can't count?  




 Both are necessarily in my experience, at least if you want to write anything original. If your goal is not to be Faulkner or Le Guin or Nabokov, or even Gaiman or King or Rowling... but to just rewrite whatever Twilight/Divergent/50 Shades type work is currently popular, then hard work is all you need. But otherwise, you need talent too.  




 Even if Vox Day and Corria are not white, do you really think the vast majority of people who voted SP aren't white? 

If someone says the GOP is sexist, saying "but Sarah Palin is a woman!" isn't really a counterargument.  




 I didn't say mention those two much less say they were anti-diversity or not. I said they succeeded in getting a bunch of medicore white male writers to clog the nominations. That's... what they did. 

That's not a knock on white male SF writers, there were lots of good ones who got bumped off by the SP slate! 




 Ugh, I didn't mention either of those names. I was talking about the SP voters overall, not the figureheads, and I was talking about who actually got nominations: John C. Wright got 6 nominations. Best novella is all white men. etc. 

What percentage of Hugo nominees for the various fiction awards are white and male this year? 




 Completely vote-rigged. Maybe it will force the Hugos to change?  




 Well the Sad Puppies succeded in totally rigging the voting so a bunch of mediocre white men triumphed. Congrats I guess?  









 I just don't send to places that say no sim subs, but i don't think many do anymore?  




 He talks trash on Twilight a lot (but Twilight also sucks) 




 Two years BUT what I meant is their short lists have been good 




 True, SF/F fans often get mad when a book ISN'T a massive tome. I remember some crumging about Jeff VanderMeer's first Southern Reach book not being long enough. Books 2 and 3 were a good 300+ so people chilled on it, but if he had released three 200 page books people would have been mad.  




 I've totally been thinking that! (Not about the Arya chapter specifically, but just the teaser chapters in general... like he wants to get his version out first for some of them) 




 I mean, it is true compared to other writers. King publishes about 1.5 books a year. A lot of other writers, including many of the most famous, write more like one every four years. King can't possibly be spending as much time on his books as most of those other writers. 

Which is fine, but will make him have some clunkers now and then.  




 I mean, she's right... but it was written for little kids 




 National Book Award (far better than the Pulitzer). Nobel only really awards already famous authors at the very end of their career. 

The Folio Prize, which only started last year, is pretty good.  




 Sure, but all I'm saying is that GOT is merely one TV show, it isn't the sign of a wave or anything AND it's not the first fantasy adaptation to do well with adults (the LOTR films were huge, to pick one example) 




 Well we don't know all the changes this season, but: 


***SPOILER ALERT***

It seems like the show is cutting Aegon, and probably cutting victarion or Euron. There will probably be other big changes too 




 you dont' need to have his POV chapters for that to occur. We know about plenty of animosity between houses from backstory.  




 Can be done much quicker, four or five months, if they want 




 gaaah! 




 My bet: 2016 for TWOW, but ADOS will get split into two books. Too much plot to wrap up in two books.  









 Yeah totally. Today there's tons of "serious" fairy tale inspired writers (Oyeyemi, Karen Russell, etc.). 10 years ago there were tons of genre benders (Chabon, Lethem, etc.) Before that there was Marquez and the Latin American magical realists. Before that there was the postmodernists who used magica elements (Coover, Barthelme). Before that there was Italo Calvino and the fabulists. Before that, Borges. 

etc. 

Magic in serious fiction is nothing new.  









 I wonder if the plot twist is just something he is trying to do to distinguish the books from the TV show, so that it can't be spoiled... rather than something that he'd write without a TV show over his head.  







































 Stories are making a comeback in terms of good places to publish, but not in terms of making decent money. Fiction writers will continue to go for novels when stories markets are considered "professional" when they pay $100 bucks for weeks or months worth of work.  




 "Genre" is a broad term. Most genres don't sell that well. It's not like writing a Western or Steampunk book in 2015 is going to get you tons of money, even if YA paranormal romance books or thrillers sell well.  




  My beef is with the snobs who hold up somebody like Jonathan Franzen as some kind of paragon of literary mastery, 

What kind of snob holds up Franzen? Franzen is read by people's parents, gets on best seller lists, and gets picked by Oprah. Lit snobs are more likely to look down on reading Franzen than hold him up. 

 
























 And they don't pay the writers, thus why they aren't "lucrative" like the thread asked. 




 Also see this:http://www.aetaltis.com/mythofprorates 




 Different orgs have different rate guidelines. 6 cents is SFWA's guide, but most professional writers would laugh at that. You can't live on six cents. That's a mere $180 for average story which probably takes weeks to write. "Pro" rate is hobby rate in reality. 




 Depends on the anthology and publisher, but generally yes, they do 




 He can buy whatever he wants, but if a magazine publishes a single story, between Amazon's fee and paying artist, illustrator, and ebook maker.... Even at .99 cents there is no money to go around.

People have to pay enough for something to be made or it wont be made.

That's the bottom line here. People don't want to even pay a buck, so there is no story market and writers focus on novels, memoirs, screenplays, and cat listicles since those still pay 




 There are a TON of magazines. Near infinite. But how many of them pay enough to be a real market? 

There might only be 6-10 magazines, if that many, that pay over $1,000 for a story left in America.  




 You wouldn't pay 1/3rd the price of a cup of coffee for a good story? 

Most collections are only 12 stories, and a collection costs 15 bucks. So it would be cheaper than a book on that level.  




 I thought the Atlantic cut their fiction issue? or they made it a "newstand only" issue instead of a regular one for subscribers?  




 No, I don't. Here's why: 

Books 4/5 were "down" books after all the crazy plot and action of book 1-3 (and especially 3). They are almost like act breaks. People hated them because they were slow moving AND because Martin compensated with a bunch of random new plot lines with characters we didn't know about. 

However, book 6 is guarenteed to have a ton of action and forward momentum. Hell book 5 ENDS right before the "battle of ice" AND the "battle of fire." So two huge important battles will take place right at the start of 6. Plus, the White Walkers will probably finally arrive. 

So no, I think people will be happy with book 6.  




 Yeah, it seems totally fine to me to "trim the fat" of Martin's plotlines that don't really tie directly into the main plot.  




 There are a lot of reasons, but I'd say the number 1 is that print magazines in general are really struggling. Magazines were the only reliable source of income from stories back in the day (few people buy anthologies). And print magazines are the only ones that can afford to PAY for fiction. 

There are tons of online magazines, but most pay very little for anything---even journalism. 

Today, the only big markets for short stories are the New Yorker and Harper's really. 

ETA: and the reason WHY the print mags are dying is the internet really. Magazine shift online (where ad revenue is much lower) and short stories compete with youtube, video games, blogs, and everything else for attention. 

Also, the online world is really about individual pieces not magazines. By that I mean, most people go to a story on The Atlantic because they see it on Facebook or twitter or it gets emailed to them. Few people go to TheAtlantic.com and read a whole "issue." In print, people do read a whole New Yorker or whatever including fiction and poetry. Online, a short story or a poem is highly unlikely to go "viral" or have a clickbait headline to lure people in. Thus, fewer people read, and thus fewer magazines publish fiction. 




   I can condense 'science fiction and fantasy' to one word 'speculative'

Well part of my problem is that the term doesn't mean that clearly. A lot of people use it to mean just science fiction (and really that makes the most logical sense--SF can be said to be "speculating" about future technology and such, but Harry Potter isn't speculating about anything with its magic world and mythical creatures). Others use it to mean just kind of all non-real fiction, others to mean all non-realist genre fiction, etc.  









 I think it's kind of a silly term as it seems to mostly be used to lump stuff together that comes from different traditions. Like, postmodernism and Latin American magical realism come from separate traditions from what gets normally labeled fantasy or SF. I don't know what's helpful about lumping them all together as "speculative." 

It's also a confusing term because there's no common definition. It originally just mean "science fiction" (or, perhaps, "arty" science fiction). Now some people use it that way, like Margaret Atwood, while others use it to mean SF and F, others use it to mean SF, F and H, and others use it to mean SF/F/H/magical reailsm/surrealism/fabulism/fairy tales/postmodernism 




 Did you make the person unidentifiable? I don't think there is any chance you could be sued. 

If you changed Professor Bill Smith of Vassar college to Will Smith of Wasser college, you might theoretically have trouble. Although it is unlikely the public figure will care unless your book starts selling really well 




  Well, musicians usually stop listening to music when they are creating their own.

uh... what? I know a lot of musicians and I've never heard that before. You mean that while composing a song for a few hours in their studio they don't listen to other music? Maybe, but that doesn't mean they don't listen to music most of the time.  




 100 X yes. 

And really, no offense meant, but why would you want to write a novel if you don't like reading novels? (Or make a film if you don't like watching films? Or write a song if you don't listen to music?)

 




 Most of the writers you list wrote realistic works in the sense that their "fictional world" is our world, so they wouldn't really have internal logic problems unless they just messed up some facts. 

I'm sure that many authors have small errors (like a shirt changing color or something.) However, these things are less common in books than in films because in films they are often caused by so many people working on the project and one of them slipping up (putting the wrong shirt at the actor's door or whatever) 




 Such an amazing book. Everyone should read Calvino.  









 Yeah it's a pretty different thing from, say, Lord of the Rings which is one continued narrative with the same characters. Or Dune, which follows same characters and locations over generations. Etc. 

Does the Hainish cycle even repeat any characters? 

Sometimes literary authors take a character from one book and use them in a very different context in another, and we don't call those part of a "series"

 



















 Richard Price wrote for The Wire and is a GREAT novelist. 

George RR Martin wrote for various TV shows before Game of Thrones /ASOIAF. 

(I'm pretty sure S. by JJ Abrams was really written by co-writer and Abrams came up with the general idea.) 




 No prob! It didn't show up when I searched links for some reason, sorry 





























 Wiki: Le Guin herself has discounted the idea of a "Hainish Cycle", writing on her website that "The thing is, they aren't a cycle or a saga. They do not form a coherent history. There are some clear connections among them, yes, but also some extremely murky ones."'

Brave New World sequel? He wrote a non-fiction book on BNW later and Island, which is like a thematic counterpart but isn't a "sequel" in the sense the OP is talking about... a continued fictional story over multiple books.  




 It's definitely true for fantasy, probably because "epic fantasy" dominates and it is hard to be epic in a short novel. 

Not sure it is totally true for SF. Dune and Hitchhiker's Guide are series, but most people only read the first book. 

But: 

* 1984
* The Martian Chronicles
* The Left Hand of Darkness
* Brave New World
* Dhalgren
* Stranger in a Strange Land
* Slaughterhouse Five
* The Handmaid's Tale
* Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? 

I think most of the big SF books are standalone. 

If you want a reason though I would say probably because "genre" fiction is more geared towards sales than literary fiction, and series sell. They sell for TV shows, they sell for film franchises, and they sell for books. Look at the endless reboots and spin-offs we get in comics, TV, film...

So it isn't just fantasy and to a degree SF. It's also true of mysteries, crime fiction, romances, thrillers... 




 yeah that's a good point too. Plenty of the beat poets and others self-published too.  




  because they're automatically accepted as literature. 

I think Dawgbro's point is that they AREN"T "automatically" accepted. Quite the opposite, they stood up against dozens or hundreds of years of criticisms to be considered classic. 

 I'm wondering if that confirmation bias is what keeps them popular today, rather than the writing itself

Confirmation bias plays into everything, but keep in mind that tons of books that are considered classics stop being read every year. If you went back and a looked at a 100 best books ever list from 1950, there would be a lot of titles that we don't read anymore. No label protects a book if readers don't like it. 
 




  I feel like the label "classic" has protected these books from a lot of criticism, 

I mean... sure, things that are highly regarded are less likely to be criticized 100 years later. But keep in mind that these were never classics the day they were published. Many of them had negative reviews or had struggles getting published in their day. Some took 10 or 20 or 50 years to be considered classics. 

So it isn't that they didn't get criticism, it's that they fought (and won) their critical battles already. I mean, really, who has something really NEW to say about Cervantes? Is a critic in 2015 going to really "expose" Cervantes? 

But all the classics get a bazillion 1 star reviews on Amazon from angry students anyway. 

 Which, in turn, makes me wonder how many unknown e-books floating around out there today would have earned the "classic" label had they been published verbatim as serials 150 years ago.

Well, probably not too many because most books that have the kind of style, themes, and power that make them last and be considered classics still get published through traditional presses. That might change in 20 years time of course.  




 Your bosses are silly. Autobiographical fiction dates back to like the start of fiction. If anything, all memoirs should be called novels because they all fictionalize a ton of things.  




 It depends. I mean I do think it's true that most series (whether TV or books) are not as consistency good as the best stand-alone works (novels or films). The best stand-alone works are great through and through, but even the best TV shows or (long) novel series have a few clunky chapters/episodes or even mediocore seasons or books. 

That said, there is nothing wrong with liking a series! 





























 I know so many people who complain about being forced to take biology and advanced math and other subjects that have zero bearing on their jobs in the real world. 

But I still like the idea of education providing a well-rounded experience, and teaching people things beyond what they have to directly use at their day job. 

Personally, writing classes were easily the most useful skills I learned. 

Most STEM classes, history classes, and so on in HS and for non-majors are just rote memorization of facts that you quickly forget, but basic writing skills are used every day.  









 Gotta disagree with the above. "Essay" writing skills transfer pretty directly to general writing, thinking, and information conveying skills that everyone needs. So you are a STEM dude and you don't write essays for your job? Sure, but you probably write emails, you probably have to persuade people in meetings, you probably have to write cover letters and so on and so forth.  





























 A Le Monde study showed only 1% of their cartoons attacked Islamic extremists (something like 5% targeted Catholic church and Christians). Vast majority of their work was on politics, sports, and economics.  










































































 The Nebulas, Hugos, and Locus awards all have different voting methods. For that matter, Pulitzer and National Book Awards have even more different ones. Each award is different.  



















 heh 




 Yeah, that label get slapped on almost ANY book with a teen protagonist. Plus, those two books are often taught in high schools as it is anyway.  


































 I agree with you there, he certainly wasn't this revered in his lifetime (although how could anyone be? He's the most celebrated writer in English ever). But his troop was literally patroned by the fucking King and he was celebrated by his fellow writers. 

Also, according to this it didn't take till the 18th century to valorize him: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakespeare%27s_reputation

 By contrast to the stage history, in literary criticism there was no lag time, no temporary preference for other dramatists: Shakespeare had a unique position at least from the Restoration in 1660 and onwards. While Shakespeare did not follow the unbending French neo-classical "rules" for the drama and the three classical unities of time, place, and action, those strict rules had never caught on in England, and their sole zealous proponent Thomas Rymer was hardly ever mentioned by influential writers except as an example of narrow dogmatism. Dryden, for example, argued in his influential Essay of Dramatick Poesie (1668)  the same essay in which he noted that Shakespeare's plays were performed only half as often as those of Beaumont and Fletcher  for Shakespeare's artistic superiority. Though Shakespeare does not follow the dramatic conventions, Dryden wrote, Ben Jonson does, and as a result Jonson lands in a distant second place to "the incomparable Shakespeare", the follower of nature, the untaught genius, the great realist of human character. 




 Influencing a genre IS a big deal. Agree there. Although it could probably be argued that both Rowling and Gaiman have been more influential in fantasy in the same time period. 

But I like Martin so don't care too much to pursue that.  




 Honestly, whether ripping off or homaging McCarthy, this is just nowhere near close enough of a quote to be plagiarism. So I disagree with your mother. 

Probably it was unintentional, but I'm sure Doerr has read Blood Merdian. Sometimes quotes get stuck in writers heads and they unconsciously borrow years later.  




  Have you/do you plan to "work your way up" the short fiction market echelons or did/will you start at the top of the heap?

I think this is a good way to do it. Some people think you should just shoot for the top, but what I'd do is be realistic: get a list of 10 magazines you think are very good but not like the top magazines* who only take agented submissions (New Yorker, Harper's, whatever) and submit to them. When you get rejected, go to your next 10 picks. Then your next 10. 

If your story is getting rejected more than 20-30 times, it is probably time for a serious rewrite or a new story. 

Ideally, you have a half-dozen stories you are sending out, each to different places, all the time. 

* agree with commentor below who says that starting at the top for SF/F magazines isn't crazy, they aren't as selective as a New Yorker type place.... although they are still very hard!  




 Depends what you mean. It's much easier to get into Glimmer Train than say The Paris Review, New Yorker, or Tin House. But I doubt they take more than 1% of their submissions so it's still very hard.  




 Good post! 




 You have to distinguish between immediate popularity and long term popularity. THe bestseller lists of past decades are filled with names that none of us would recognize. Being popular as a fad doesn't mean you will be read in 100, 50, or even 10 years.  




  George rr Martin may not be Shakespeare but he is undoubtedly going to become a defining author of this decade. 

This raises a question about the difference between a defining AUTHOR and a defining WORK. 

ASOIAF is clearly the dominant work of adult fantasy of the least 50 years (in English at least). 

But that doesn't mean that Martin's prose or style of writing will be a big influence beyond encouraging publishers to publish more giant high fantasy series. 

Like Martin is a million times better than EL James, but EL James likewise wrote the "defining" work of her genre--50 Shades of Grey--that has caused real changes in the publishing industry and reading public. Does that mean that EL James is a "defining author" though? I'd bet in 50 years no one will remember her, beyond being a historical footnote about a really popular erotica book that shook up the industry. 

Martin, again, is much better and a ASOIAF will last I think.  




  Shakespeares contemporaries talked shit about him too.

Who? Shakespeare was widely regarded as one of the greatest, if not the greatest, playwright of his time by fellow writers based on what I've read.  




 I wouldn't go so far as to say it is "bad" but I think he has some major flaws. Style is subjective, but here are some things I can see people disliking: 

1) He is a little too enamored of his fake/archaic english words and it starts getting silly seeing "nuncle" "wroth" "leal" and "boiled leather" every other sentence. (He also uses some of those words, like "wroth" incorrectly)

2) His interior thoughts have always struck me as needlessly repetitive. He makes his characters state things that we already know. 

3) His characters are often pretty one deminsional and kind of comically focused on singular things. Now, I know someone is going to tell me that his characters are really dynamic over the course of the whole series... that is somewhat true. But those books are HUGE. The 5 ASOIAF are about the size of 30 normal novels. If it takes you 30 novels to make your characters change and grow, that's not that impressive. If you read AGOT, the characters are mostly pretty flat. 

4) He relies why too much on fake out cliffhangers. 

5) In general, I can't remember a single sentence from the books. I can't even really remember much atmosphere or mood. All I remember is plot. 

Ultimately I agree with you that his prose is "not brilliant" but "solid." I don't agree that it is a "strong voice" though! It's a preetty forgettable voice outside of his use of archaic english words and made up fantasy terms. If you took a few of his sentences and removed those elements, you'd never be able to pick his prose out of a line-up in the way you could Faulkner or Hemingway or whoever truly has a strong voice.  




 Well however you want to define it, there are some books that try to make their prose as simple as possible and focus all efforts on the plot and "page turner" quality. Some books like that, that dont' offer anything except plot ideas, twists, and turns, will lose a lot from knowing the ending. 

But you won't lose much of anything from a truly great masterpiece just because you know the ending. You know? 

Now, to be clear, there are books that have fantastic plots AND are really well written. I'm not saying that plot is opposed to great writing in that way at all. 

I'm not talking Fight Club or Ender's Game really, and I'm certainly not talking about Raymond Chandler or Philip K. Dick, but more like Dan Brown or James Patterson kind of books. 




 Depends on the book. 

Great literary fiction is about far more than plot and knowing, say, the end to Moby-Dick or Lolita is not going to ruin them. 

But some "beach read" type fiction that rests entirely on plot--especially plot twists--rests on you not knowing the ending.  




 People always seem to think the world will end, but I do think it's true that today feels very precarious... perhaps not at the height of the Cold War, but with climate change, the recent near collapse of the global economy, etc. there is a lot of apocalyptic feeling about. 

It seems like your main point is that literary fiction's recent post-apoc trend was predated by a SF/horror one that the lit mainstream largely ignored. 

I think that's true overall, although Ballard, Jackson, and Vonnegut have been long embraced by the lit mainstream. 

(Jackson's The Sundial was published on FSG, the gold-standard of lit publishers, not a genre publisher for example)

 









 "Always meant for Sauron to win, but wussed out at the last moment" - JRR Tolkien  







































 maybe try r/writing or one of the writing forums 



















 Well, you and I disagree about Littlefinger's motivations. I think he wants as much power as possible, and you are more likely to gain territory and armies by running a whole sub-kingdom than by being a treasurer with no noble title in court.  




   Its why he pisses away a cushy position at the capital to abscond off to the Eyrie with Sansa.

Really? Littlefinger doesn't just abscond to the Eyrie, he maneuvers himself to be lord protector of the Vale. His power has increased immensely. 

Also, cushy position? Maybe, except surely he sees the writing on the wall that pyscho cersei is coming into power.  














 The show only has so many characters they can really juggle though. Sansa already is major. Ramsay is fairly big. Theon is in winterfell. 

So the storyline makes total sense from a TV perspective. Having Sansa do nothing and Ramsay deal with some no name woman character wouldn't work for TV 














 I'm also referencing the dozens of essays on Hebdo from people who haven't read them in Salon, Slate, The Atlantic, everywhere.  




 Honestly, I'm not sure. I remember Teju Cole's essay on Hebdo being critiqued by people who actually live in France and actually read french. I'd bet that most of the withdrawing people are basing their assesment on second hand info from people who aren't totally aware of the context.  









 I honestly feel like 99% of people attacking Hebdo haven't read more than like 3 cartoons that they didn't even bother to translate or try to understand. 

I have some issues with Hebdo's cartoons, but most people are just talking out of ignorance.  
























 Hmm, yeah I wonder what the difference is. The big lit mags get several thousand a year, maybe even up to 20k. (NYer or something gets way more). No clue what the genre ones get.  









 Oh I meant that he was maybe referencing existing french laws that are seen as anti-muslim, not that he was calling for censorship laws 




 I think he means the nation as in the government and the laws they've passed, but yeah it's a bit much 




 Dude is also from Australia, which has famously fucked up race relations. Glass house and all that.  
























 ha, that's a nice comparison actually (I like that band a lot though) 




 I thought Annhilation was one of the best SF books I've read in years. It's taut, beautifully written, genuinely creepy, does the Lovecraft unknowable horror in a new way, and was really well paced. 

The second book wasn't quite my thing. 

Third book was a true halfway between the two and a very good read. 

  I felt that the three books in separate (instead of a single book) were a marketing ploy

disagree with this. For one thing, the three books are very distinct and function almost as stand alone novels... at least books 1 and 2. 

but more so, combining all three into one book would be a really long book. Like 900 at least? I think the LOTR books are about 1100, for comparison's sake, and they were published as 3. 

Granted, sometimes epic fantasy tomes like Dance with Dragons or The Stand are that long, but I think it's plenty fair to break up books that have distinct feels into 200-350 page works. 

ETA: Also worth noting that there is a hardcover version with all three books a single volume.  




 Homeland by Sam Lipsyte

Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams 




 As a "job"? Almost impossible. 

As a gig that pays like maybe 50 bucks a review? Possible. 

As a hobby where you don't get paid? That's very easy. 

try /r/writing though 




 There's a lot to respond to here, but 

 If I have to research my own marketing like a full, no-agent self-publisher why did I even bother getting an agent in the first place?

Agents don't market books really. They sell them to publishers and it's the publisher's job (and the author's) to market. Or are you saying his agency has their own publishing house too which publishes "company" work? That's highly unusual.  




 try /r/writing or /r/selfpublish 




 Either "A stranger comes to town" or "a man goes on a journey" 




 I don't think that "believability" is the goal at all, that's like critiquing Lord of the Rings for not being "realistic" with all its dragons and magic.  









  Except as the author of the article points out, Patterson and Koontz use stock characters and plots as well but do not suffer the same derision in the public eye.

Gotta disagree totally here. 

There is lots of sexism in the publishing world. I think, all else being equal, a female writer is less likely to be reviewed, less likely to be taken seriously, and less likely to be a best seller. I also think it's true that Romance is looked down upon, perhaps partly for gender reasons. 

But the idea that Patterson and Koontz aren't the butts of jokes? Those are just horrible examples. There are lots of threads on this forum alone where people ask why everyone calls Patterson or Koontz hacks. 

I also think it's true, as others above have pointed out, that genre may matter more than gender. male romance authors like Nicholas SParks are constantly mocked. OTOH, female authors in other genres (Rowling, Flynn, Tartt, whoever you want to name) are hardly automatically looked down upon. 

Does Koontz get less mockery than Roberts? Maybe, but it's like saying Shaq is short because Yao Ming is taller. It makes zero sense to say that Koontz or Patterson (or Dan Brown or a dozen other widely mocked popular authors) get a "free pass" 




 Patterson and Koontz are the butts of tuns of jokes. Patterson is known as a fiction factory with ghostwriters.

And how many Dan Brown jokes are out there? 




 nice! It gets crazier and crazier 




 The question of whether contests are worth it monetarily is one thing. I never enter because the entry fees add up quickly. 20 bucks, but you probably need to enter 30 contests to win one, so suddenly 500 bucks for maybe a $400 prize. 

But to your specific question, I think that conests are MORE likely to pick relatively unknown authors than other submission things. Because most big name authors don't submit to them out of fairness and being at a different point in their career. 

if you submit to say Tin House through the slush, you are competing against a ton of big name and agented authors who are submitting work. But if you submit to a contest, those authors won't be entering and you are only competiting against emerging writers.  














 Gene Wolfe is one of the best. Book of the New Sun series is essential SF reading 














 It's so hard, because you are always going up against the whole of literature in a sense, right? Like why read my work when you could read Tolstoy or Tolkien? 

But we gotta push through it 



















 Wow, crazy. I did honors english but our reading list was all lit canon (Crime and Punishment, Wuthering Heights, etc.) 




 Wow really? I can't imagine any high school teaching The Stand! (In part because of the length). I certainly never had any King in HS.  




 Yes, as others said I'd get a job, any kind of job, as quick as possible. Writing takes time--both to write and to pitch and to get your forms processed and then to get paycheck. Even if you are lucky enough to get a paying gig somewhere, you are looking at a couple months from start to paycheck... for probably 50 bucks. 

You could try looking into copywriting or copyediting gigs for something more steady.  







































 We can stop talking about it when working writers whose work is desired by consumers start making living wages

(and, yes, if tons of people are pirating books to read they desire those books) 




 What the other people said. 

The smallish (but really thick) paperbacks you see in grocery stores that have like the author's name embossed in giant letters (DEAN KOONTZ! etc.) and have thin, flimsy paper and covers are mass market paperbacks. 

The normal paperbacks you buy in bookstores are trade paperback. 

Mass market is mostly limited to commerical fiction: romances, thrillers, etc.  




 It's discussed on here a lot, I'm sure you can find threads on it 




 Blood Meridian (help me remember that never seeing humans might not be such a bad thing) 









 Tropic of War (Book One)
 




 haha, or like a memoir of a Chilean psychologist trying to treat really angry  patients 









  In my experience there is no qualitative difference between self published and traditionally published books.

Could you list a few self-published books that you think are of equal quality to the great works of "trad" publishing from the same time span. Say, that are of equal quality to the Booker, NBA, Pulitzer winners?  




  I've never really understood the hate towards self-published fiction. Why is it in writing that people hate it? You don't see the same hate directed at Indie games, films and amateur radio and a lot of that can end up rubbish.

Well, there are a few things here I think. 

First off: "indie" in other genres is closer to independent/small press publishing. "indie" record labels are still record labels that operate similar to big ones but on a smaller scale. "indie" studios have to raise cash and finance films. So they are like indie presses: Tin House, Graywolf, Mcsweeney's, etc. 

In all those cases, there are still quality controls and a barrier to entry. Lots of high quality work comes from indie presses, indie films, and indie games. 

Self-publishing--as opposed to indie publishing/small press publishing--has zero barriers, zero quality control, and just an infinite flood of work. I've read over a million books are self-published each year. The closest thing I can think of in another medium is like youtube videos, but people make plenty fun of those too... and youtube video people don't really expect to become famous artists from it. 

On top of that, self-publishing authors--not all, but many--tend to annoy everyone else in the publishing world because they harass everyone with links, spam, emails begging for reviews, tweets to Amazon links, etc. My friends in publishing are bombarded by self-publishing spam every day. I get it, because when you have 1 million self-published books to compete against you are going to be desperate to stand out and to get readers. But it is part of why people look down on that world.  














  but to me the bigger problem is about adequate discovery.

These aren't unrelated though. Discoverability is harder when there are 1 million self-published ebooks coming out each year. (That's a real estimate I've seen) 




 Anything from zero to millions. Really depends on the author. 

Generally speaking, most literary authors don't make any money in royalties per se. Authors get an "advance" against royalties before the book comes out, and most of the time the author doesn't earn out the advance so they don't get more than that. 

Nowadays, the average advance is somewhere between 5 and 20 thousand for a small time author at a Big 5 house. Big name authors get much more though.  



















 I'm just skeptical that happens. I mean, I've watched dozens of friends have debut books. Many have multiple now. They didn't lose all their struggling writer friends.  









 I'm skeptical of the idea you lose all your friends. She says that, then doesn't explain why or say that happened to her.  
























 love going to SF book stores to look at old pulp covers 





























 You said collection (not collecting) society in lowercases. Thought you were maybe using a term for welfare state I hadn't heard used.  
























 I should also add that not anyone can get their books in actual bookstores. Self-publishers do well, sometimes, with ebooks. But physical books still make up the vast majority of the market and bookstores don't and can't just put everything on shelves.  









 I like King--see username--but I think the whole "no one respects King!" line is pretty rubbish at this point: 

* He won a National Book Award (THE lit snob org in America) "Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters"

* He has been published in the New Yorker, McSweeneys, and other snobby lit mags. 

* He edited an issue of Best American Short Stories

* He has won lit awards like the O. Henry

I could go on and on, but basically, the lit world is not afraid of Stephen King anymore... if they ever were.  




  Anyone can publish anything for all the world to see, regardless of race/sex/religion.

Questions of race and sex aside, this doesn't really address the problem. Sales are highly correlated with marketing. Sure, anyone can self-publish, but when all the marketing is behind the John Grishams, Stephen Kings, and Jodi Picoults of the world those will be the authors who get read.  














   I've just never been a fan of many female authors, I don't know why, I just can't get into their books as much. I don't feel like I should force myself to read more female authors, or black authors, because honestly I only care about the books they write.

I guess to me it seems odd to say you "don't care" for the artistic output of 50% of the human population (or more, since you are including black authors with women.) That just seems really odd to me. The range of writing by women is huge, just as the range of male writing is huge.  









  If people do choose to read/publish/nominate books by white male authors over anyone else, and they do this subconsciously... then how exactly is anyone going to stop them doing that?

Well you probably help alleviate that by making everyone conscious of these issues so they can't just be subconscious about it. You know? 

I always thought I read widely, but when I was in college and got into these conversations and I actually counted my reading list and... it was overwhelmingly white men. Now, since I'm conscious of it, my reading list is more diverse. No one forced me to do anything.  




  I don't think you should be concerned, however. White males, more specifically white people have always been dominant in the publishing industry. 

Yeah it seems silly to be concerned when publishing is still dominated by Fraznen, Lethem, Gaiman, etc. The SF world, where the sad puppies got all mad, is still like 100% white men as far as sales go... and even awards. Scazli, VanderMeer, yada yada. 

White male writers are not a dying breed. 
 









 There were a bunch of articles posted on /r/books and /r/writing about how someone analyzed the last 15 years of award winners in the major lit awards and not only were men much more likely to win, but the women writers who won did so for books that were written ABOUT men. Point being, sexism and racism are pretty pervasive and their effects reach really widely. 

You might THINK that sex wouldn't be relevant other than memoirs, but in reality people judge women to be inferior writers off the bat, publishers are far less likely to publish fiction by non-white writers, judges will unconciously favor classic straight white male writers, and so on.  
































































 This is pretty much right, except some CNF can use a different form. Could be a list, or memoir, or a "nonfiction novel," etc. 

But a CNF essay is a sub form of essays overall for sure.  




 Well "essays" encompass a lot of things, including creative nonfiction. But there is definitely a difference between say a lyric essay and a high school English class essay. 

Basically, roughly, "creative nonfiction" is trying to be art of some sort while your average school essay is not. In the former, you want style, voice, formal experimentation, and anything else you'd associate with artistic writing. In the latter, you want to strip down the style, use a very rigid formula (intro paragraph, thesis sentence at the end, body paragraphs with topic sentences, conclusion summing up previous paragraphs, etc.)  



















  (though I bet there are a couple of authors making that kind of money or more, just with individual sales rather than a long-term contract.)

Sure, probably Suzanne Collins and Stephen King (who has some SciFi stuff). Not many though.  




 Man, 3.4 million doesn't seem like much? The cut-off for the top 1% is under $300k a year. Scalzi is quite literally the 1% now, and his actual yearly income will be a lot more (as he gets royalties from already published books, film option money, and so on). 

 I assume he still gets royalties from sales and stuff?

From past books, yes. From these books, probably not unless they become mega best sellers. It would take a lot of sales to earn out 3.4 million advance, but it depends on how the contract is broken down. 

In general, the way advances work is you get money upfront and your royalty earnings go against that until you pass it. So if you get $1,000 in an advance and you earn $1 dollar every book sale, then your first 1,000 books sold would go against the advance. You'd start making money after book sale 1,001.  




 It's a first-person memoir 
































































 Sure! Sorry, these responses get lost in these long threads, here is what I said before: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/37i2og/sexual_violence_in_george_rr_martins_novels_is/crmx99n

Essentially, the storyline just puts Sansa back int he same position she was for most of the series, which isn't that intersting. We've already seen Sansa tortured and locked up with no place to go. It's just repetitive. So it bothers me in the same way that Dany's redundant storyline bothers me. The rape itself doesn't offend me personally.  









  I'm saying that I can agree with you that the storytelling is lackluster so far in the season, but until we see where the payoffs lay in their respective plots, we can't pass a truly comprehensive judgment of the current scenes.

Fair enough!  




  I guess I don't get what separates this particular plot line from any other horrible occurrence in this series. Why does the writing on this get second-guessed when horrible stuff happening to all the other Starks gets an ok?

I explained my reasoning above! It has nothing to do with it being horrible--I'm one of those who fully thinks the books are MORE rape-filled and that the show is not a particularly bad example of sexual violence on TV. In fact, some rape victims I know like that the show actually presents rape as a horrible and ever-present thing, as it is in life for many women, instead of white-washing everything. 
 









  I don't think Roose knows about Ramsay raping and torturing Sansa, 

She's locked in a tower and never let out (except to show her flayed women). I think he knows.

 I mean look at Tywin's attempts to control who Tyrion does or doesn't have sex with, 

Tyrion and Tywin are almost never together, not normally even in the same region. When Tywin DOES come to King's Landing he DOES break up Tyrion's relationship. 

 Regardless, this all comes across like backseat writing because people don't want bad things to happen to the characters they like. 

You've got me pegged wrong. I'm a total character sadist. Just think this particular plot line is stagnant.  




  The problem is that what media you enjoy cannot possibly hope to participate in the most interesting mode of its own expression without forgoing some other or later "interesting" gratification.

I honestly am not sure what you are trying to argue here. I'm saying that some of the storylines this season have gone in boring, redundant, or nonsensical (ie Dorne) directions. That's a criticism of the narrative and the storytelling. I'm not complaining about individual scenes, but the narrative and storytelling failures. 

Obviously you can disagree with me about the storytelling, but this isn't like... "SJW" complaining. 

 




  For the character to remain consistent with how he's been defined, yes. What else would you recommend, that his character suddenly change overnight to be someone completely different?

There are myriad ways this could have gone other than raping sansa. Off the top of my head: 

* Roose could have forced Ramsay to not torture Sansa (he'd had several "stop just torturing Northern lords" speeches this season, so that would be consistent) and as a result, maybe Ramsay starts torturing Miranda or forcing Sansa to watch that. 

* Ditto, but Ramsay takes his frustrations out on someone else. 

* Or the wedding could have been delayed until after Stannis attacks. 

* Or Brienne could have gone on a rescue mission. 

All of the above would be consistent with Ramsay's character. 

 Or that the rapes all happen off page, out of sight out of mind?

Well I DO agree  that it is silly for people to be like "Raping Sansa is sexist! It was so much better when Martin wrote him raping and torturing a poor girl instead!"

But the storytelling and character arcs and stagnant right now 




 Agree, BUT I do think there are legitimate criticisms of that plotline. I thought Sansa's assault was, um, tastefully filmed compared to many other rapes on the show. Obviously the Jamie "we didn't mean for it to be a rape" rape is the worst example. 

But at the same time, the character arc for Sansa was that she was developing into her own, learning how to manipulate via Littlefinger, and becoming confident. For her to just go back to being abused and locked up with no agency just returns her to the same state she was in for most of the series. It's kind of lazy storytelling. 

Similarly, we've had plenty of scenes to show us that Ramsay is evil. Do we really need yet another rape and/or torture thing with Ramsay? Even as his father is telling him he needs to keep the North in line by making people think they are aligned with the Starks? 

There were more interesting ways for the show to go. Even having Ramsay force Sansa to torture Miranda or something would have been more interesting.  




 Well it IS true that a lot of fanboys/girls pretend that the show is "adding" rape when... the opposite is true. 

Like lots of people think that Dany wasn't raped by Drogo, but the actual book depicts her crying into her pillow every night as he takes her from behind and she writhes in pain afterwards. They think that because there is ONE scene where Drogo asks permission--nevermind it is a 13 year old girl literally sold to him without wanting to be--that he never rapes her, but that's some poor reading comprehension.  









 This should be pretty obvious to anyone who has read the books 














 Well, sure, but if a book sold a ton of copies and got lots of press, it is fair to critique it. Basically, it's a famous book. That's different than a debut from a writer that didn't sell well, which is maybe weirder to spend time attacking. That's all I was saying.  









 * Small Beer Press (Kelly Link runs this, weird but awesome stuff)

* ChiZine (horror/dark fantasy focused) 

* Coffee House Press (literary press, but do fantasy horror stuff like Brian Evenson)

* Tin House Press (ditto, lit press but do genre-bending stuff)

 














  I didn't like it much either, but throw a debut novel a bone. It's not supposed to be Tolstoy.

To be fair, this wasn't just a random debut book, but perhaps the most hyped science fiction debut in years.  




 Haven't read the book, but your review sums up the impression I got from the book, even the positive reviews made it seem like lame ninja/pirate/bro-nerd humor. But I guess I should read myself to find out.  










































































 Honestly it seems like more and more big name self-publishing people are moving back to trad publishing, or else doing both like Hugh Howey 









 yeah, I don't think readers here understand how advances work. Advances are just money up front paid out of your royalties. So if you get 15% royalties and 100k advance, you don't get anymore money until your book has earned 100k+ and then you earn the money over 100K 




  An author far more likely to self publish than most.

hasn't Scalzi been pretty open about not wanting to self publish? Just because someone has an internet prescence doesn't mean they want to self-publish 




 Yeah, "individual opinion" makes no sense here. Publishing houses put out dozens of books each month. This NYT author does not read them all. There is no way that her taste is some reflection of her honest opinion of all books out there... it can't be. 

If the list is 100% white, that's the fault of a systemic racism, prejudice in publishing houses, and the author's own prejudices.  




 Fantastic book, definitely his best collection of stories (although not quite as good as his best novels IMHO) 









 countpoint: miserable books can be horribly entertaining. I mean, Thomas Bernhard is hilarious but his books are miserable and depressing. Cormac McCarthy is very entertaining and engrossing, even though his books are dark, horrible journeys into death and destruction. 

Agree, though, that balance is good.  







































 The specific Jeff VanderMeer work you cited is SF :) But yes, he's done fantasy work too. Agree it's "weird fiction" but it's also about an alien entity creating a mini apocalypse while a crumbling but near futuristic bureaucracy of scientists tries to probe it. Pretty sf!

 IMO the prevalence of the mega novel isn't really important when there are plenty of non-mega novels. And anyways mega-novels (aka series) can be great fun.

Sounds like we both agree the main thing is the author needs to read wider, as there are plenty of great short fantasy works.  









 To your first point, let me quote her: 

  **If the usual big-fantasy detail is taken out and you only sketch a plot, you get a fairytale.** If you write real high fantasy in 4,000 words, details and all, it tends to be a snippet, not a story. **If its something set in a basically real world but with a fantasy element, its not fantasy so much as speculative fiction**, or alternative history, or a ghost story. That means that there is an **incredibly narrow taxonomical window in which short fiction can be recognised as fantasy at all.**

So I really do think she's defining everything that's urban fantasy, fable-like, short, magical realism, etc. as "not fantasy." She says the "taxanomical window" is super narrow. 

 As for the likes of Jeff VanderMeer, he's a SF writer and I've said a few times in this thread the "mega novel" is nowhere near as prevalent in science fiction as fantasy.  




 This is actually a studio arts MFA, not a writing MFA. Not that you are wrong generally speaking though 







































 I can't believe I left Marquez off my last post, I read him at ever level of school 









 Also, as far as America goes, we are geographically very far away. It makes sense that, say, French students would study Italian, Spanish and German writers when they border those countries. 

OTOH, America is shameful in how little Mexican literature we read.  




 No Spanish language work? Borges, Cortazar, Cervantes and some others are pretty widely taught at the various schools I went to. (Plus Neruda and others if you study any poetry). 

But agree it's pretty English or European languages centric in America. I read virtually no Asian or African literature at any level of school.  




 I'm with you, I read Doestovesky and I think Checkov in public school, and Tolstoy and others in college.  




 Street of Crocodiles is great, but pretty weird. Like more poetic Kakfa stories.  




 Walter is a completely idiotic critic, that's true. Every SF/F writer thinks he is a buffoon. So, yeah, both of these people wrote bad articles. 

 High fantasy is defined as works taking place in imaginary worlds

Her problem is in arguing that only "high fantasy" is "fantasy" though. I think that's what people are reacting too. She defines urban fantasy as "speculative fiction" and other kinds of fantasy as "fairy tales." If she had just said "epic high fantasy requires long books" that wouldn't be quite as problematic. 

 I mean fantasy publishers have always enjoyed the trilogy, but it's not just a crass commercial desire, it is what high fantasy is good at.

I don't blame publishers, I blame writers. But keep in mind that modern fantasy epics are way longer than the classics. 

The gold standard Lord of the Rings is a trilogy, but it is only 470,000 words in total. For comparison's sake, A Dance With Dragons ALONE is 420,000. ASOIAF will probably end up being six times as long as LOTR. 

The Wheel of Time was 7 times as long as LOTR. 

Modern fantasy series have bloated to pretty crazy proportions. Nothing wrong with it, but I don't think you can look at things like ASOIAF and Wheel of Time and say that's how high fantasy has to be. It didn't use to be that way.  




 More words means more chance for details, that's true by definition I think. But it's true of horror, historical fiction, realism, or anything else. It doesn't really prove the article's claim that fantasy doesn't work well in shorter form.   




 Disagree, because what I'm saying is that the "world building" is plenty complete in one book. Like, only reading Dune or The Left Hand does a fine job of building the world (pretty sure the Hanish books all take place on different planets with different aliens, so they literally build a new world each book... at least Left Hand does). 

I mean, I don't think this is unique to SF though. The Hobbit does a fine job world building by itself. So do other single novel fantasy works. 

 




 The Left Hand of Darkness is purely self contained, and so is Consider Phelbas. 

wikipedia: Le Guin herself has discounted the idea of a "Hainish Cycle", writing on her website that "The thing is, they aren't a cycle or a saga. They do not form a coherent history. There are some clear connections among them, yes, but also some extremely murky ones.

And the Culture books are all pretty self contained to. Dune is the first book of a series, true, but it's 100% self-contained. It has a complete narrative with traditional arcs and a classic ending. 

Like, you can't just read book 1 of the Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time, or A Song of Ice and Fire and get a full story. Those books follow the same characters through long periods of time, often with a specific quest or series of goals. 

Le Guin's Hanish books don't follow the same characters or stories, they just technically take place in the same universe. 

It's like the difference between an episode of a TV show and a movie that years later gets a sequel. Sure, the movie is technically part of a series but it's still a complete narrative in the way an episode of narrative TV show isn't.  




  I do think that sci fi gets to short cut a lot of world building because it is by-and-large our world, with some significant differences.

Honestly, I think this is not true on two levels. 

1) Plenty of SF takes place on totally alien worlds (The Left Hand of Darkness, Dune, Consider Phelbas, etc.)

2) Plenty of fantasy is by-and-large our world in the past plus some significant differences. Like, is A Song of Ice and Fire any further away from Medieval Europe than Do Androids Dream... was from 1968 America? 




  the author certainly does have a point that the worldbuilding that makes up the backbone of a lot of fantasy requires a pretty significant page count.

My counter: science fiction uses just as much world building, but--although big series certainly exist--it is far more common for SF novels to be totally stand alone. Even in a lot of the series out there--Dune, the Culture novels, etc.--you can just read one book and have it be a complete narrative. 

So why does fantasy require more pages than SF? I think it's just convention of the fandom. Tolkien started modern high fantasy and the other big pillars like Martin and Jordan followed his lead with huge epic series.  




 Kafka is huge and widely studied. Celine is respected and pretty well known, ditto Bernhard (but neither are taught that often). Bruno Schulz and especially Calvino are taught in college pretty frequently. 

America is so big and has so many writers, that American literature dominates in America for sure. But plenty of classic European authors are read and taught. Everyone I just named previously I was taught in HS, college, or grad school at some point.  



















 4,000 words is a standard short story. 15 pages maybe?  









 Oh yeah I'm not saying you shouldn't post it, just saying I disagree with the author completely.  




 Even though I posted this, it seems like total BS to me. Basically, she defines "fantasy" as being giant sprawling world building work--dismissing other stuff as "fairy tales" or "speculative fiction--so... yeah if you define fantasy as giant world building work, then it will have to be giant and involve loves of world building.  



















 I don't get this at all. Giant world building epics that cover huge spans of time are only ONE type of fantasy. Plenty of fantasy works in short form. Hell, the genre spins out from fairy tales which are like 3 pages long 



















 $$ 





























 50k is "next to nothing"? Most websites would consider a 50k story to be very good traffic.  














  Kindles weren't as popular (were they even around? My memory is a little fuzzy on their introduction)

Kindles were introduced in 2007 I think, so were definitely around in 2010.  







































   but what book should I just NOT read yet if I don't want to spoil any major plot developments in the show?

This is a funny reversal of the normal problem. But here's the answer: 

Books 4 5 are concurrent and cover same time span, so think of them as one for your purposes. The TV show right now is about halfway through the material of books 4/5 (while completely changing many of the storylines.)

So if you truly want no potential spoilers, wait till the end of this season to read 4/5. 

But since the show is already much of the way through those books and changing so much, you could probably read both without spoiling anything terribly major. It actually seems like the TV show will end with several scenes from the unwritten book 6.  

 














 Well books 4   5 are the worst of the bunch, so I'd eather start with book 1 or don't read at all.  




 The one you like the most? 

Jesus' Son is probably my personal answer 









 that article is pretty vague. Seems like she is just freelancing?  



















 has anyone here read this yet?  





























 Depends on what we mean by plotless. I posted this article after it was mentioned in a thread (on r/fantasy) where someone was claiming that Station Eleven was plotless and prentious for not having a plot. 

Station Eleven though does have a plot and borrows from pulp sources and was a best seller. So the fact that someone could read that and think, "where's the plot?" seems to be telling for how overly focused many readers on on traditional classic narrative arcs.  




 Raymond Chandler 














 Rock Springs is an amazing short story collection. That's all I've read though. 

They are easy reads, I'd say in the vein of a slightly more poetic Raymond Carver.  



















 Yeah, just came out from Vintage in the states 









 most of those are just really famous books that are taught in high schools.... 



















 urtext (plural urtexts)

A primitive, seminal, or prototypical example of an artistic genre or the basis of an ideological movement.

I think he means it here as seminal. 




 Not a fan of Franzen, but trying to lolcat writers with out of context quotes is pretty juvenile.  




 I'm not really saying depth is in the eye of the beholder, I'm saying that texts that invite many meanings and interpretations are richer than those that don't. 

Like, a children's book with a very clear moral ("Listen to your parents!" "be yourself and people will like you!" or whatever) is a shallower kind of book even when the message is a good and important one ("Racism is bad!"). When adult books are written like that, with very clear morals or a very simple overall point, I think that makes them less interesting and, yeah, I guess less "deep." 

I certainly agree with you that many works of supposed avant garde work fail by being simpply meaningLESS as opposed to inviting lots of different meaning. Some random art school kids banging on bongo drums naked while covered in paint might invite no real meaning or thought at all.  




  Work which cultivates an illusion of depth--whether that depth is inherent or interpretive is aside from the point.

By my metric, it isn't an illusion: depth of meaning comes from the text's ability to support and suggest multiple meanings, whether in Shakespeare, Philip K. Dick, or modern lit fic. Works with simple, clear "points" have less depths of meaning than those that suggest more complicated and contradictory points.

But I do think that you are conflating a lot of different things here that make your argument less sturdy. For example, I haven't really seen how anything you say is unique to literary fiction. All of your claims seem like they could just as easily apply to Gene Wolfe, Ursula K. Le Guin, Samuel Deleany, or any other number of celebrated science fiction and fantasy writers.  









 Lots of readers find formulaic YA books boring and don't get hooked on reading until they discover Kafka and Faulkner. Point being: different strokes for different folks.  




  I'm talking about it in terms of a feeling that you comprehend everything that occurred and the meaning underlying those events.

Well, I think you are mistaken in thinking that most adult fiction has "meaning" underlying events. Fiction is an artistic object, and the "meaning" is in the totality of the work and the experience reading it. The work that tends to get celebrated in any medium or genre is the work that is rich with meaning... in which many different interpretations can exist. Think of the one million different interpretations of every Shakespeare play that have been written or performed over the years. 

Certainly Shakespeare's plays have very clear plots, but they don't have clear simplistic meanings, which makes them rich experiences. 

Here's another example: 

The Shining. 

The Shining book and the Shining film (both of which are great) have the same plot, more or less. But many people find the Shining film to be more imbued with multiple meanings and interpretations, while the same events and the same character decisions and the same plot points (more or less) in the books feel less interesting because Stephen King has a more simplistic framework to convey those plot points and actions. 

What makes the Shining film better, at least to some, has nothing to do with avoiding conventional plot elements. 

Also, now that you've defined your terms more, i really don't see why you think what you are saying is unique to lit fiction. Le Guin, Delaney, Ballard, Wolfe,... most great SF/F authors have "unclear" points behind the action. That's not about literary vs. genre. I think it's true that most literary fiction has less dramatic action and less clear character arcs, but that doesn't mean that literary or genre have more or less clear "meaning" behind the actions and events that occur. 

 yet the entire book insists there is a point.

Speaking as an author who knows many authors, I don't think many fiction writers think there is "a point" to their work anymore than there is a simple, singular "point" to an orchestra piece or a painting.  




 They are very different books, but my point is that books can have a strong plot and still have much of the book not deal with the plot. (and yes, I read Station Eleven). Someone else mentioned Moby-Dick in here and that's a perfect example. It has a very strong, very clear, very simple plot. But at least half the book doesn't deal with the plot, but instead with side characters, side adventures, or just literal scientific descriptions of whales and ships. 




 What percentage of Harry Potter or LOTR are directly about the main plot? Even those books are filled with world building, descriptions of food, side conversations, etc. 




 You seem to be conflating summary and meaning. I can summarize Station Eleven just as easily as LOTR or any plot heavy book (a theater troupe travels around a post apocalyptic America), but why is that where meaning comes from? I don't think anyone would say the depth or meaning of LOTR has to do with hobbits throwing a ring in a mountain really.

I'd understand you if you were talking about a confusing postmodern book where events and action are unclear, but Station Eleven and most lit fic has very clear plot, action, and events 




 I really hate when people pretend that things they don't like aren't liked by anyone. Tons of people like Faulkner and Joyce! Their books are still read many years after their death. Why pretend all their readers don't exist?  




 Here's another thing about lit fiction that might be the cause: MFAs/teaching. 

In MFA classes, you focus on sentences, voice, and character. I went to an MFA and there was almost no talk of plot. I guess this is still a chicken   egg question, but I think part of the reason is that workshops take place for an hour or so, so you have to read short stories instead of novels, and it's much easier to talk about the voice and style of a short story than the plot... at least in a way that would translate to a plot of a novel. You know?  




 I hear what you are saying, but there is a counterpoint: using a familiar plot is EASIER. It's already there ready for you to use, and people are way more likely to appreciate it. 

Sure, maybe some snobby high brow people will scoff at something formulaic, but you only have to look at the list of recent blockbusters to see how lucrative--and even acclaimed--you can get just recycling the same things over and over. Basically any movie can make millions by using a standard plot and buying the rights to a famous name (even if there is like no relation to the original property and the movie like in GI Joe or Battleship)

In general, people love what is familiar. Hell, that's what genre fiction is based on: using the same tropes and themes with only minor variation so that readers know what to expect. (There are forward-thinking exceptions of course)

So I don't think you are wrong, but the opposite is true too. 

 I think, in part, literary fiction tends to be plot less because it allows them to maintain that vague air of depth and meaning that could come under fire if it were forced to conform to a concrete conflict/journey.

I'm not sure I totally follow you here. Does depth only come from plot or lack of plot? Often "depth" has to do with the themes and presentation of ideas much more than plot, even in genre fiction. Like, Do Androids Dream... might have a standard noir plot, but the digressions and exploration of AI and such were new and "deep" 









 No. Next question.  




 "Plot" is no more essential to a novel than anything else. Lots of great books have classic, standard plots. Lots don't. 

I like a good conventional plot, but they are normally pretty unrealistic and rest on coincidences, unrealistic character triumphs, and other artificial devices. Because of that, lit fiction probably tends more toward plotless books since it tends to want to be more "realistic." (The non-realistic literary fiction works: postmodern, magical realism, whatever, tend to have more plot than the domestic realism stuff.)  









 yeah it's an interesting topic, that we obviously talked about on here a lot with the Ishiguro / Le Guin flap. 

I do think that it's very possible to absorb genre tropes in today's world without ever reading genre. You know? Like I knew the tropes of noir from Calvin + Hobbes comics and kids cartoons when they did parodies of them. It would be very easy to write a novel that incorporated tropes without ever having read a book in that genre (but just watched films and TV shows and what not).  




 I haven't read it yet so don't know, but I have a copy on my table and it has blurbs from Terry Gilliam, Alan Moore, and Jeff VanderMeer. Seems pretty awesome.  
































































 Tons of books have contemporary technology in them? Or am I not understanding the question? 

Like there are both lots of stories where characters have cell phones and use computers, and there are lots of books that incorporate emails and stuff into the text.  





























 I think it's publicly available, but Melville House also published it in book form 






















































 "no one speaks in prose" as they say. 

At the same time, keep in mind that the books you are likely referring to only deal with the upper classes who, especially at that time in say England, were obsessed with seeming cultured and proper.  






















































 This is silly. You can absolutely teach students a diverse range of literature without cutting all of the old canon.  



















 such a great book! 




 Ursula K. Le Guin for sure. 

Neil Gaiman for sure. 

C.S. Lewis for sure. 

Robert Howard for sure. (Unless you are trying to make it just "high fantasy" and not all fantasy)

Gene Wolfe might be a good call too. 
 














  I'm going to back the heck off and argue that right now is a golden age for both readers AND writers. There will be more written and published this year that I want to read than I will be able to read in my lifetime. The gatekeepers are being made obsolete by sites like Smashwords, and yes, Amazon. And yes, as a consequence, right now the market is being flooded. I agree. There is definitely a lot of crap out there -- but there's also a lot of great communities that help people wade through and find some absolute gems. That's the thing -- remove the gatekeepers and the words will flow.

I think it's weird that people assume that gatekeepers are a purely bad thing. "Gatekeepers" also make sure work that gets through is professional, edited, revised, formatted correctly, etc., in addition to theoretically making sure it is good. 

I think the ideal situation is one where gatekeepers exist AND there is a way around them, but where authors still get paid decently. A world where authors don't get paid well, but everyone and their mother can publish Harry Potter fan fiction is... fine I guess, but not a great way to insure good lasting work.  



























































  Tons of plot in the series does not involve the Starks at all and nevertheless contributes to its themes,

Sure, all to be fair the books start off almost all stark. There are 72 chapters, plus a prolog for AGOT. 53 (or 74%) are Stark characters. Tyrion and Dany are the only non-Starks with POV chapters (plus the one prologue) 

ACOK adds a few Davos chapters and Theon chapters (although Theon is a Stark ward so is part of the Stark tragedy), but is still basically all Stark. Book 3 adds Jaime and Sam (the latter is part of the Jon/Stark tragedy), but is again a majority Stark chapters.

It is really only in books 4/5 that Martin starts going into the other non-Dany / non-Stark storylines. That's when we really see the non-Tyrion Lannisters, the Iron Islanders, the Donrish, and so on.  




 I mostly agree with you, but at the same time I have a hard time calling someone who sold people into slavery (Jorah) or a pillaging pirate (Asha) "good" people. Even Dany has caused tons of horror, though I guess her heart was in the right place at least.  




 sigh, not sure the semantic game you are playing. He outthinks his opponents, whether that's "cleverness" or "results driven" or "early deconstructionist knight" is kind of immaterial here.  




 As I said in my last post, Bronn is only one of the many lucks Tyrion gets so I don't want to argue too much here. All i'd say is that Bronn is only as skilled as an average knight, but he is way more clever than 95% of knights in his depiction.  




 I'm not really acting like anything, just saying Tyrion has lots of luck! look, skip past Bronn being his savior found randomly in an inn. Tyrion is saved from death by Varys for no super logical reason (Varys risks losing so much there.) He escapes despite stopping to kill his dad. He is saved from the stone men, he is saved from drowning, he survives outside of Meereen... he's constantly surviving when probably most people would die. 

It's totally cool, almost all narratives do this. I'm just disagreeing that only the bad guys have luck while only the good guys have bad luck ala the post's original argument.  




 Also 

 a single Knight we have little reason to rate as a champion fighter.

I mean, we don't get power ratings or something, but he is the captain of the Eyrie guard. He should be a pretty great knight  




 Your argument is that your average rando sellsword could have accomplished all Bronn did?  









 The book still presents him as someone near the top of warriors you'd place money on in a contest. He's not top 3 maybe, but probably top 15...whether it is "cleverness" over "pure strength" or not. That's pretty good luck for Tyrion! 




 Godly warrior, as in like the strongest around? No. But he is sold as one of the most CLEVER warriors. He defeats the Vale knight, he helps plan Blackwater, he runs the gold cloaks...he's pretty stellar all around. 

And the fact that he is just a random sellsword at the same inn that Tyrion and Cat happen to both run into each other at is totally luck. 

I'm not saying some luck is bad, just that "good" characters do get plenty of luck in the books too.  




  Amazon seems to have really wanted to reward authors of well-written, lengthy novels and stem the flow of poorly-written shorts. 

This seems smart to me. The old model really rewarded shitty, quick, short books. That's not good for anybody. 

But I agree that I don't know if this fix will solve the problem.  




 Yes agreed. Martin is flipping those Tolkien idealist fantasy stories on there head, but that doesn't mean he necessarily thinks one is 100% true or false.  




 Well we have to define what we are talking about. In Martin's world we aren't just following random people, we are following the RULING class. Kings, princes, generals. People who are born into wealth and power, or who gain it through war and conquest. 

Can you ever be a good person who gains power by war and conquest? Martin does a good job of showing how people can commit horrible acts but still be "nice guys" you'd want to have a beer with or whatever.  

But I agree it isn't necessarily intrinsic to the human race. It probably isn't even necessary in all parts of Martin's world. But it is intrinsic to a power structure like the Westerns world when you are in the ruling class.  




 I mean it's our news too. Politicians have sex scandals and shit every day. We venerate people like Steve Jobs who were famously assholish to everyone around them (Jobs even lied in court to prevent child support payments to his daughter). The NFL has players who were involved in stabbings or ran dog fighting rings. 

Basically, we venerate power not goodness.  




 The real world of 2015 or the real world of... medieval era times? 

I think it's probably pretty accurate that for most of human history rulers were horrible assholes for the most part who constantly trampled on the rights of those below them. The poor people have been shit on forever, and Machiavellian schemers DO tend to do better than idealistic good guys.  




 I like this analysis! Although I'm not sure if it is entirely accurate. 

The books (and show) have kind of bent over backwards to help out our heroes many times over. 

Take **Tyrion**. He just happens to get one of the apparently best fighters in Westeros--Bronn--on his side? Bronn is a random sellsword who is both willing and able to defeat knights in fights to the death for a stranger and a little pay. 

Plenty of luck and plot armor has been needed for **Arya** to survive, or for that matter for **Jon Snow** to survive the wildlings adventure. Arya survives being around so many enemies for so long. Snow somehow doesn't get killed by wildlings who really have no reason to trust him, then survives climbing the wall and so much 

**Dany** has luck coming out the butt at every instance, although I guess since she is magic and prophecized you can explain it. I mean there a dozens way she should have died marching with the Drogo. Skipping her magic shit, she still should have died in the red wastes, or in Qarth, or in one of her various military campaigns in Slaver's bay. 

etc.  









 Blood Meridian 




 Seems accurate for Martin's world, right? At least so far in the series, the "good" characters---Ned, Jon, Robb, Tyrion, Sansa--all are either killed or constantly undermined and abused. 

But I think the article is right that the ending of the series might be more of a "good guys win!" thing 









 I know people are probably sick of GOT articles, but I thought this one was actually very smart and made interesting points about fantasy storytelling in general 














 I think it is certainly true that much fantasy serves as escapism, especially with the white washed nostalgia for the medieval era being so common (part of the ASOIAF appeal is that it makes that era look horrible instead of super awesome knights and princesses battiling evil with happy songs) 




 ah yours didn't show up when I searched, guess cause you had social media tag stuff on the link. Sorry!  





























 Genres all overlap too though. Is Lethem's "Gun with Occasional Music" a Crime/Noir or a Science Fiction book? Is Gene Wolfe's Book of the New sun fantasy or SF? 

Anyway, contemp lit just means contemporary literary fiction. Last 40 years maybe?  




 Thought this might be inspiring to share (cross post /r/books) 









  Every other red priest DOES actually seem to be aligned with Danny. So the fact that Melissandra seems completely detached from this is odd. I do know she's classified as a shadow binder.

Not Thoros, the only other red priest in Westeros. 

This is a world where there is very little communication across kingdoms. Most of Westeros only knows vague rumors about Dany and her dragons. It's not like the red priests are calling each other on the phone discussing their crushes every night, you know?  




 ah yeah I always took it as blonde hair (ie the proof of their bastardy)  




 it doesn't say that he will die super young though, does it? Or even before Cersei?  





























 despite the headline, it doesn't seem like either person in the interview is advocating that 




 Yeah, I mean it depends on what we are talking. Small presses pay more like 1,000 to 5,000 on average. Big 5 imprints pay more like 15k average for a debut novel, from what I've seen. But often much more too.  




 I'd say the main thing to know is that ideas are a dime a dozen. It is the execution that matters. What kind of execution? Depends on what you are trying to do... write literary novels with great prose, or work that fits neatly into a specific mass market genre. Either way, your idea is only getting you 25% of the way there. The execution of the idea is the main thing.  




 I think the claim is more that the average debut book advance is $5,000. I think that's low, and it's probably more like 5 to 20K depending on the genre. Still, not a lot.  


































 Agatha Christie had a whole series with an old heroine detective, the Miss Marple novels  









 Agree with fighting the 1%, just think that would be better done against banks, wall street, tech companies, and agro-mutlinationals... not authors or even publishers (most publishers aren't really that big, and the ones that are are big for shit like cookbooks and celebrity memoirs, not quality fiction. The fiction imprints don't make that much money) 




 Sure, but those three don't single out artists in the way that the vast majority of internet commentors do. 

We live in a really weird world where people call authors greedy evil assholes for asking for a few bucks for a book they spent years writing using their 500 dollar phones and sipping their 5 dollar lattes.  




 That's an uptick from digital books after Amazon did a lot to damage profits in print books for years though. I dunno, it's impossible to pose an alternative history and figure out if Amazon's nonexistence would have helped or hurt. 

I do think that in ANY industry having one player have so much control of the market is bad. It is doubly bad if that one player isn't really invested in the production, but just in the distribution and sales. 

I'm not sure piracy is as much of a problem in books as film and TV though. Even today, the print market is much larger than the digital market. People aren't as keen on ebooks as they are on digital music/film/tv 




 Although I still root for Stannis, in the books at least, I like your AA theory. Makes sense that Melisandre would mix them up that way instead of just being 100% wrong about who is AA.  




 Well I think any of them could die before "The final fight" but I'd say the following are unkillable until at least the last half of the last book, based on the narrative weight Martin has given them: 

* Dany
* Jon Snow
* Bran
* Tyrion

Others I really don't think will die before then

* Euron (think he will be big baddy along with White Walkers) 
* Sansa (think she survives whole series, though she is certainly "killable" if Martin wanted)
* Arya

Character I hope lasts till near the end: 

* Stannis 




 You'd argue that based on what stats or inside publishing data?  




 What I never get is that people freak out about artists wanting money, but no one calls Steve Jobs or the CEO of Chipotle or the head of some toothpick brand or whatever else some "greedy capitalist arse" who we should steal from... even though I'd much rather huge corporations lose money than writers.  




 I'm sure Spotify and such help curb piracy, but they also pay complete shit. Like they are killing the music industry it seems.  




 yeah video games are much closer to like feature films... or TV shows. So many people involved.  




 the NYT is still held in very high regard too, it's the gold standard of newspapers even if papers are dying. 

Also, the fact that the NYT hosts the best seller list doesn't have much to do with their journalism or the reputation of newspapers in 2015. It's like, the Bailey's Prize for Women's Fiction is sponsored by Bailey's Irish Whiskey, the Michilen guide to restaurants is run by the tire company, etc., but even if people hated Michelin tires they'd still respect the ratings int he restaurant guide.  
































































 A bunch of these already exist. The best is Oyster. 




 Well even if this theory was true, which I don't think it is but hey it's fun, no way could they fit this into the finale. 

In King's Landing alone, we will have to deal with Cersei and Margery and their dealings with the High Sparrow. That will probably take up all our King's Landing time, since we still have Jon Snow being killed, Stannis marching and maybe attacking, Sansa/Theon/Winterfell, Dany's advisers dealing with her leaving, Arya killing Trant, and probably a scene with Dany.  




 Although really I think probably only 3-4 of those 6 will die: Jon, Trant, and either Kevan or Bronn 




 I listed Jorah, but even though he has death sentence, narratively it makes sense for him to stick around until he has infected a few people with Grayscale 




 Don't think that Balon will be shown. That will happen in season 6. Really don't think Stannis dies yet, hope not at least. Anyway: 

5) Jon Snow
4) Meryn Trant
3) Kevan Lannister
2) Bronn
1) Ramsay

HM) Jorah 




 I'd say: 

1) Arya will certainly appear, probably kill Trant and get blinded. 

2) Stannis will absolutely appear, as he was in the episode trailer. Not sure if we'll see any battle with the Boltons though. 

3) Something along those lines has to happen to finish the Winterfell arc. 

4) 50/50

5) I think this will happen, 75%

6) I think we'll see Dany land somewhere, maybe encounter the Dothraki. 

7) Yes, gotta have some Drone follow-up/reveal. 

8) Yes, 100%. Olly will stab him. 

9) Nah.  




  Eat whatever the Wildlings survive upon outside the wall. And defend the wall!

a) The Wildlings fled south precisely because they couldn't survive north of the wall anymore. 

b) Even ignoring the White Walkers killing everyone with zombie army, the Wildlings were surviving during normal summer and winter. This is the long night, the horrible winter that will potentially destroy the world. 

 Or name yourself Lord Commander after saving the NW--they couldn't deny him that.

Yes they could, and that doesn't solve the problem of not having enough food to feed an entire army for years during an impossibly long winter anyway. 

 Use all that iron bank gold to buy food from Essos.

Winter has only started and the snows are so deep Stannis cant' even march! Trading ships from Essos are not delivering food to the Wall. It's cut off.  




 Davos told him to go back, but Jon Snow made it clear that Castle Black couldn't feed and house his entire army for the winter, which likely lasts years in Westeros world.  




 Dunno, I think it would leak. I mean, honestly, bookstores get books well in advance of the release date. You can't just deliever a book to millions of bookstores the day you want it released.  




 I think Stannis, in both book and show, legitimately feels like he is both forced to be king and forced to fulfill the prophecy to save the world. I don't think he did it for himself like Walter White.  




 Littlefinger doesn't seem like the fighting type to me. He wants to sit in the shadows and see how the chaos plays out. he wouldn't risk getting killed by either side.  




 Not really how book publishing works. Takes a few months to go through editing, production, printing, and distrobution even with the quickest of turn arounds.  




  It also is very obvious that they can be pretty awful when they try to invent plots from scratch without adapting from the source material.

They are always adapting from the source, IMHO. They just combine and streamline a lot, sometimes really well and sometimes really badly. I think all their choices have been really logical, even if the writing or directing failed certain subplots.  




  But would be wrong with having those two as advisers.

Not sure i'd argue his death was good or bad, but Dany has Daario and her dumb husband as advisers, and then Tyrion comes and Jorah semi-returns. I can understand wanting to simplify things there. 

 I wish they would have stayed true to the books for that storyline. I thought the rape scene with Sansa was unnecessary and her being there is very strange for me.

Stayed true by having Ramsay rape and torture a fake Arya stark character who hadn't been set up yet? I think TV viewers who didnt' follow the books would be totally lost there.  




 Feel like this season was very mixed. the Hardhome episode might be the best of the entire series, and it was wildly different from the books. On the other hand, many of the book changes were weak and the Drone stuff in particular was really bad. Hoping that it was set-up for important Dorne stuff in season 6.  




 Left column: Stannis gives speeches about how it's totally right for single innocents to die to save thousands, and he tries to sacrifice an innocent child to the flames. 

Right column: Stannis believes the end of the world is near and he is the only hope. Melisandre told him seasons ago that he would have to betray his family to win the great war.  




 Does he even really have powers? He resurrects the one dude over and over again, but he never resurrects anyone else. I think the implication is that the Lord of Light wants him alive, not that Thoros has great powers.  




 Gotta disagree, I think the show (and books) make it very clear that blood is required for magic. Miri kills Dany's child to "save" Drogo. Dany kills Miri to waken the dragons. Stannis is half-dead after Mel creates the shadow assassins.  As for Thoros, I guess no blood is used exactly, but Beric comes back more and more a shadow of himself and LSH... well.  









  It also pisses me off that Benioff would implicate Martin; he knew full well that the episode would cause controversy (which seems to be this season's running theme and it's starting to get on my nerves

Are the showrunners really anymore gleeful about causing controversy than Martin himself (when he talked about how the Sansa sample chapter would make people freak out, etc.)?  














 Word, agree.  




 This is a semantic question. What's the line between mythology and fantasy or folk lore/fairy tales and fantasy? Is the Odyssey fantasy? Are the Grimm fairy tales? 

Personally, I'd say the real first modern fantasy is whatever prose book that used fantasy elements but WASN'T directly based on or retelling myths/fairy tales/folk legends should count as the first real fantasy work.  




  I mean, they're certainly reprehensible, but neo-Nazi is just inaccurate

Vox Day (Rabid Puppy guy) is completely a neo-Nazi, and I'm not one for hyperbole. I don't think that label fits the Sad Puppy guys at all though.  





























 ah link didn't come up, but I guess new Republic just republishes New Statesmen pieces now 






























































































 Yeah, but honestly my guess is that he will just wrote more books. I'd be surprised if we don't get at least an 8th.  




  Why do people seem to think writing a great show and sticking to source material NEED to be mutually exclusive?

I didn't say that. But you said they should have changed the plotlines they wanted to do in order to fluff up the show and make it take longer than they were planning for it to take. That doesn't make sense if your goal is the best show (according to their standards.) That only makes sense if you think staying behind martin matters the most. 

 It's at least one more year before you have to add filler. 

So now you want them to add "filler" to the show for possibly years and years until Martin finishes? If book 6 comes out in 2016, which is a big IF as far as I'm concerned, then it took Martin 5 years. It took him 6 years to do ADWD and 5 to do AFFC. So he is averaging over 5 years a book. 

So let's say he does 7 books (I think he will probably do 8 but...), that's 2021. And since the show has to be filmed and come out after that, we are talking 2022 for the show. The show is planning to end in 2017. You want them to add FIVE YEARS of filler just on the hopes of staying behind Martin? 

Honestly, your and my personal preferences aside, that's just logistically really hard. You have actors who want to do other things can't be locked into contracts that long. You have show runners who want to do other things. And you have the fact that GOT is the most expensive show ever made. Can it really sustain itself for 12 seasons? How many prestige dramas have lasted that long? Most Mad Men, Breaking Bad, The Sopranos, etc. type shows last half that, and they are much cheaper to make.  




  Why do people seem to think writing a great show and sticking to source material NEED to be mutually exclusive?

I didn't say that. But you said they should have changed the plotlines they wanted to do in order to fluff up the show and make it take longer than they were planning for it to take. That doesn't make sense if your goal is the best show (according to their standards.) That only makes sense if you think staying behind martin matters the most. 

 It's at least one more year before you have to add filler. 

So now you want them to add "filler" to the show for possibly years and years until Martin finishes? If book 6 comes out in 2016, which is a big IF as far as I'm concerned, then it took Martin 5 years. It took him 6 years to do ADWD and 5 to do AFFC. So he is averaging over 5 years a book. 

So let's say he does 7 books (I think he will probably do 8 but...), that's 2021. And since the show has to be filmed and come out after that, we are talking 2022 for the show. The show is planning to end in 2017. You want them to add FIVE YEARS of filler just on the hopes of staying behind Martin? 

Honestly, your and my personal preferences aside, that's just logistically really hard. You have actors who want to do other things can't be locked into contracts that long. You have show runners who want to do other things. And you have the fact that GOT is the most expensive show ever made. Can it really sustain itself for 12 seasons? How many prestige dramas have lasted that long? Most Mad Men, Breaking Bad, The Sopranos, etc. type shows last half that, and they are much cheaper to make.  




 1) their goal is a great show, not staying behind Martin's writing

2) what would one season help? Martin MIGHT finish book six by 2016, but it will take years for him to do book 7 (and he may well stretch to 8 or 9).  




 Plus the two books don't even cover the five years, right? Only like one year has passed 




  b) That GRRM is going to start writing the books to dovetail with what the show is doing and deviate from his own original trajectory.

I think the exact opposite, that he will change his original plan to make the books move away from show 
























 Oh, last month? The book is City on Fire by Garth Risk Hallberg (might have the name slightly misspelled). Comes out this winter I think. 

It's totally rare, but that's just an extreme example. Even if you publish a book with a small indie press that only pays you 1,000 dollars, they will send a hundred or more review copies out, get your book distributed to bookstores, set up readings, radio interviews, and the like. 

Presses do a lot of marketing work.  




 That isn't really true though. Yes, all debut writers have to do some marketing, but that doesn't mean that presses don't do a ton of it for you and do MORE of it based on how they think you will sell. I just read an article about a debut novelists who got a 2 million dollar deal and his publisher (Knopf? I think) was sending out 6,500 advance copies to reviewers. Something like that is HUGE at getting your book talked about and sold.  




  IJ isn't that great of a benchmark for long novels 

True, BUT IJ is one of the longest single book books. Like, on that wiki list you have Proust's In Search of Lost Time which was released as 7 different books over the course of many many years. 

But, yes, there are books longer by both men and women.  









 Sure, but what does that have to do with my post? I'm just saying he DOES get lit snob respect these days 




 Kind of, but I think basically every real publisher deals with Amazon (and Barnes and Noble and every other big place) because they have to to survive.  









 Here's the thing though: studies say that 1 million books are published each year. The major publishers put out thousands of titles each year. Books have been written for centuries. 

So, there are many millions of books out there. 

As such you and me and everyone else relies on a ton of filters to decide what we read. Right? And those filters--from book reviews, to marketing budgets, to "the canon" taught in school, to what your friends read--are skewed by the racism and sexism in society. 

This isn't your fault or my fault or any individual's fault, but it's how everything ends up shaking out. 

So to be clear, I'm not saying YOU are racist or sexist. I'm saying society is. And it takes a lot of work to overcome that.  




 Authors don't control that, their publishers do.  




  You read like another self hating white guy. Why the fuck would I go out of my way to "diversify" my reading log? Why would I want to read worse books just because black women wrote it?

In a world with billions of non-white people, and huge histories of fantastic literature in tons of countries all around the world, why on earth do you assume that diverse reading means "worse" books?  




 I think it's a pretty great time to be a white female author. But it's minority authors, that's a different story in America. 

Look at the bestseller lists. Almost no one on them is non-white.  




 You... never heard about slavery? Or Jim Crow? Or the statistics of wealth distribution in America?  
























 Yes. Writing, music and film get screwed here. Maybe writing most of all, since live music and theater going is popular but no one wants to pay for live readings 




 I specified rich American pirates as being hypocritical, I didn't claim that all pirates were rich or American.  









 Yes it is "being a dick," but social pressure and cultural norms ALLOW them to be dicks. 

When you are desperate artist who sees no way of making any money off your art except getting Taylor Swift level huge, you'll jump at every opportunity. When our culture---see this thread!--says artists are greedy jerks if they don't give everything away for free, then it makes it far easier to McDonald's to leech off artists without anyone caring. 

This stuff doesn't happen in a vacuum.  




 Maybe doctors weren't the best examples, as many are really rich. I can even understand complaining about really rich artists. But in this thread and elsewhere you see so much hate towards artists who just want like poverty wage salary from their art.  




 You don't think the devaluation of art and the constant refrain that all artists should do things for free and any money is just icing on top they should never ask contributes?  




 You need electricity and an internet access to pirate too, so I'm not really sure what you are arguing?  




 As an artist yourself you are free to make your work free!

I mean most authors publish fiction free online or write essays that are free to read. Most musicians put some songs online.  




 Not sure how to feel about this. There is way too much bullshit in Amazon reviews, with many bought and paid for. OTOH, any author who is in the community has hundreds if not thousands of Facebook friends and twitter followers who they don't really know.  




 More like: 

What about poor people? Do they just not get to make art? Only rich people would make art, people who can afford to work for free? 

(But to answer your actual question: TV is free, YouTube is free, many museums are free, public domain books are free, libraries are free, etc. There is tons of free art in the world, more than you could ever consume in your life.)
 




  I don't think that people will stop creating art simply because they're not getting paid. 

Totally disagree with you. 

1) There are a lot of people who will always do art, but will do MUCH less of it if they don't have enough money to live off it. People white about George R. R. Martin taking years to finish a book... imagine how long it would take if he worked 50 hours a week at a desk job!

2) Anyone who works in a  creative industry for more than a decade can tell you tons of talented people give up and quit because they can't make money. It's not like those people say "waaaah! no one is buying my work so I'm going to quit to spite them!" But rather, they make no money but still have bills to pay so they work a full time job. They get promoted, they have kids, they live a life. They don't have time to make art for free with all of life's other responsibilities. 

 




  But from what I've read the corporations cause far more damage to an artist than the pirates do.

I agree with a lot of what you said, but to me the piracy and free-content movement has totally empowered corporations. Nowadays, huge corporate bands expect to get art for free! There are like weekly stories about McDonald's hosting a showcase at SXSW and asking bands to play for free, or Showtime doing "crowd sourced" artwork contests where they get stuff for free. 

Corporations LOVE the idea that they don't have to pay artists. 

I mean, you daily read articles from working musicians and authors about how impossible it is to have a regular income from art anymore, yet Exxon, Coke, Nike and the rest are doing fine.  




 These are just empty platitudes though. The reality on the ground is that it's nearly impossible to get paid anymore. It's much harder to be a middle class musician/novelist/whatever than it was 20 years ago. 

 




  You can't stop piracy.

I hate to break it to you dude but... you can't stop any crimes entirely. We've been trying to stop murder for centuries and it happens every day! People will always steal, kill, speed, pirate, and anything else you can think of. 

But it is probably possible to decrease crime. 

 So let me ask you, as an artist. Would you rather have more people see (and enjoy) your work but you don't get paid anymore? Or have them not see it at all, and you don't get paid?

Honestly? I think this is a false question. Here's how real life works: people have bills to pay. They have things they want to buy. They have children to raise and so on and so forth. If artists don't get paid, they have to work more--unless they are born rich. This means they have less time to work on their art, or else they change their art to fit the mass commercial market. 

So either society has to figure out how to pay artists, or else only the rich and amateurs will ever make art.  




  There may be more to it than just this simple equation. It's easy to say an album or a film got 10,000 illegal downloads, but how many of the people downloading watched/listened? 

Look, I understand piracy. I understand people download more stuff than they consume AND more than they would buy if piracy didn't exist. 

BUT it is also true that many people pirate stuff they would buy otherwise. Trust me, I'm old enough to remember when everyone went from buying a couple CDs a month to buying zero a month when Napster and everything else broke out. 

 We've had a long time where the paradigm for access to works of art is a 'gatekeeper' model - you pay and you take your chances as to whether or not you'll like it (based on reviews, single releases, etc). How many of us have gone to see a film and wished we could get our money back, or even the time back that it took to watch it?

Welcome to everything in life though!

How many times have you eaten a meal that wasn't that good? Or seen a movie that you ended up not liking? Or gone bowling and ended up not enjoying it? 

Why should artists be the only ones not paid though? Why don't you ask for money back when you realize you weren't as hungry as you thought you were? Or ask for a refund from an airline if your vacation is shitty?  









  ...but those two are not representative of the core of piracy.

Yep, totally agree. I hate how rich white American pirates with lots of disposable income will act like the fact that there are starving people in other parts of the world who can't afford books means that everyone should be able to pirate.  




  People want food stamps and a basic income, which amount to free food.

I don't think that's comparable. There are not workers who aren't getting paid to provide those things. Government workers get paid. The grocery stores that use food stamps get paid. 

 People want socialized medicine, which amounts to free doctors' visits. 

Again, the doctors get paid. 

But with art, people often attack artists who get paid and say they are "greedy" and evil and stuff. I've never heard someone say a doctor is "greedy" for wanting to get enough money to live on.  




   Books, and albums are often not worth twenty bucks a go,

But do they really cost that much? A hardcover book does, but a trade paperback is more like 15 before discounts--which are frequent--and ebooks, even from big 5 publishers, seem to be more like 9.99 before discounts. 

In addition, services like Oyster give you unlimited ebooks for 9.99 a month.

Personally, I really think 10 bucks is a pretty great prize for a book or album that you can read or listen to for as many times as you want. Like, a movie ticket costs 15 bucks in a lot of places these days and that's only 2 hours of entertainment. Hell, I know people who spend 10 bucks a day on coffee who think that 10 for a book is a "rip off." I don't get that mindset.  









  The bulk of income for artists in the last 15 years has been by touring. 

I think you mean musicians, other artists (painters, writers, etc.) don't make money from touring. 

But did you read the article? It mentions that even pretty popular and famous bands like Grizzly Bear barely make any money touring. That's not really how musicians who aren't Jay Z level make money.  









 We should also recognize that it has nothing to do with art per se. People steal anything that can be stolen easily, which means anything that can be digitized: computer programs, personal data, video games, whatever. 

Point being, I think it is silly when people pretend that it's about "art should be free, maaaaan." We'd all steal cars and boats if it was as easy as pirating an album.  




  A lot of artists who work for free are not worth being paid. 

But I'm talking about artists who readers DO want to read, but don't want to pay for. For every book or film or album that sells, probably 100 pirated copies of it are downloaded. 

No one is saying that you should never write for free, or no work should ever be free.  




 Did you read the article? It talks about how really famous bands and other artists whose names are widely known and their art widely consumed can't even make a decent salary off of it. 

(Article also points out how artists gets attacked and insulted for not wanting to work for free.) 




 How does a human with any empathy get into this kind of mindset? 

 When David Byrne of Talking Heads recently declared he was pulling his catalog out of Spotify because of measly revenues from the service, and concerns about the sustainability of this distribution method for emerging artists, online commenters were less than sympathetic. Truly creative people are delighted to share their work and ideas for free, wrote one commenter. Another said, If you are only being creative as a means to get rich, then I dont want your crappy creation and I hope you go bust. 









 I think what's really galling about piracy is that there is already more free work than anyone can ever consume. The public domain stretches back to antiquity. There are libraries all over America and most countries. There is a flood of work to read published for free online every day. 

Yet despite all that, people think they are also entitled to get every single other work for free too. No one would ever think that about non-artistic fields (a right to eat at every restaurant for free, a right to get medical advice from every doctor for free, etc.)  




 And the great point is definitely true: if consumers (readers/music fans/etc.) don't support arts, yet artists still have bills to pay... they have to turn to corporations and the elites to fund them, which is never a great situation for art.  




  My view is too many artists think their self expression is valuable in, and of itself.

I think this is utter nonsense, no offense. 

What's crazy about today's deal is that people DO want work, they just don't want to pay. If no one wants to read your book, or listen to your music, you really can't complain. But if 10,000 people want to read your book or 50,000 people want to listen to your music so badly they download it illegally, but then they don't want to pay... that's really a problem. I have no problem with people wanting to ignore my work, but I do have a problem with people thinking they are entitled to get my work for free. 

It's not that self-expression is valuable in and of itself, it's that people DO find it valuable and DO want to consume it, yet don't want to pay.  














 The problem I think is that Amazon's money pile for authors is picked by them. They can make it as big or small as they want. So more people reading more books might not translate to more money for authors in the KU program.  














 I bet it will be even less 




 Weiner is just straight up bad 




 I think they totally changed their whole deal a few years ago. Like you, I remember when they were just a cheating  site or place to steal essays, but now they are an ebook lender or something  




 I've never seen this before, but the answer is that the book has been changed for some reason... likely for a younger audience (like a children's book version of a classic book) by Michael Kerr. I can't find the info on this specific adaptation though.  

















































 I assume you mean Wall Street. 














 Pretty much agree, except all the lines of dialogue (but the bones of a screenplay don't line up with novel writing) 














 Agree, the obsession with "world building" is weird. Most fiction, even SF/F stuff doesn't need that to the degree people fuss about it. Let it come naturally out of the story.  

















































 Do not do. Vast majority of books don't sell 7k, and real publishers pay you, you don't pay them 





























 Well, I don't read those authors! Or at least they aren't favorites. And if someone like Cormac McCarthy or Don DeLillo wrote a regency romance I'd have to read because it would be so absurd! 




 It certainly feels like epic fantasy in the way that Star Wars might, but I think a ton of SF reads that way so I'd still call in SF.  




 All my favorite authors I'd read no matter what genre they wrote in.  







































 Yeah but Caspar's junk was blown off. I'm sure Ray lives, probably beabag rounds, but I think Caspar was tortured with real shotgun blasts.  




 Of course! But it's kind of hard to compare different artforms IMHO. Like what does it mean to say a painting is better or worse than a song? Or that a play is better or worse than a sculpture? 

Books and movies are both narrative, so maybe more similar than those examples, but they are still very different in many ways.  




 Yeah but Ray is the main character here, both from like the amount of screentime and how the show was marketed.  




 It would be pretty cheap for him not to be dead... but he's also clearly not dead. No show has the balls to kill their star played by the biggest actor in episode 2. 

Game of Thrones was crazy shocking to do it at the end of the season, but no one is going to do it at the start.  




 Nice, yeah I think there is a TON of crossover between SF, fantasy, and horror (and even mystery... Stephen King just won an Edgar.) 

What I wonder is how many crossover awards there are between literary awards (pulitzer, NBA, booker, etc.) and the genre ones 




 Hmm, that makes me really wonder what authors have won awards in two such areas. Michael Chabon has both a Hugo and Pulitzer. Must be some others.  




  Highly successful authors will achieve a measure of success with anything they publish, but they are still most associated with, and have most of their sales in, one genre

Well, part of that is just a human need to put everything into a simple little box. It's much easier for critics and readers to think of people as doing just x or just y. This is especially true as time passes. As we move on, writers of the past get relegated to only a couple works that are representative. 

How many people have read a Bram Stoker novel other than Dracula, for example? But he wrote a bunch! In the future, lots of authors we think have tons of great works will be remembered for only 1 or 2 and easily pigeonholed as representative of this or that specific style 




 Is it that hard? 

Off the top of my head: 

* JK Rowling writes fantasy and mysteries (latter under pen name)

* John Banville writes lit fiction and mysteries (latter under pen name)

* Stephen King has had success in a ton of genres

* Lots of literary fiction writers have "genre" books that did well. Colson Whitehead, Cormac McCarthy, Ben Percey, etc. 

* LOTS of genre writers move freely between fantasy, science fiction, and horror. 

* A bazillion writers have had luck in both fiction and non-fiction

etc. 

The only people who seem to have a hard time with it are mediocore writers who just do really formulaic work in one niche.  




  They also take the risk on authors whose books may not earn back their advance, which means they use successful books to subsidise their gambles.

Yep, and thank god for that as far as I'm concerned. Basically all the books and movies I like are funded this way. If only sure-fire mass market hits ever were released culture would be really boring 




 There are certainly reasons why self-publishing is better, just saying that "suits" taking the money is sadly an issue everywhere 









 There are reasons to go self-pub and reasons to go traditional. But the "suits" are gonna have a field day either way. 

Sure, traditional publishing takes a bigger percentage but they also
* Pay an advance upfront
* pay to have the book printed
* Pay for editing, copyediting, proofing, and design
* and (hopefully) pay for some kind of marketing

In addition, they have distribution that gets you into bookstores

Amazon takes a much lower cut, but also does nothing at all for your book other than transfer digital files for essentially zero cents and provide a platform where your book exists alongside 10 million others. That's not that much for a 30% cut! 





























 You think suits at Amazon wont profit off you? 




 that merely wishing for something doesn't make that thing happen. You have to fight and act to get what you want, not just wish and hope.  




 Literary fiction tries to do new things with language, including trying new things with sentence lengths. 

That said, I think you are wrong this is restricted to literary fiction. Lots of genre fiction--thrillers, crime, erotica--loves chopppy sentence fragments for example thinking it adds "speed" to the text.  









 Getting paid to write free reviews on Goodreads/Amazon? That's... likely to be pretty unethical. People will only want to pay you to write positive reviews if you are being paid by authors and not by magazines.  




 Did you tell that anecdote on here yesterday? Swear I read that in another thread. I think that makes sense, but I wonder what  a class who only made 10 pots would do 




 Yeah, it's interesting because we tend to think that genre pays more than literary fiction, but every time I talk numbers with reddit genre writers they are getting lower advances than my literary writer friends. 

Not that the latter are making bank, but the genre writers here make it sound impossible to get more than 5-10k for your first couple books while my lit friends get more than that 




 I guess I just think the voice of "write mediocre stuff and dont' worry too much, it can sell if you work in an formulaic niche!" drowns out others here. I really have no problem with people who want to do that, but it can be just as satisfying or even more so to get an easy job to  pay the bills and then write carefully crafted work on the side.  




 Yikes! And you said it was a trilogy? She was paid 2k per book by Simon and Schuster? That's nuts. That's less than most small presses pay.  




  He's not entirely correct about literary awards. From all the data that is available about SFF ones, it does appear that they have a minor impact on sales nowadays, as opposed to how they impaced on the genre thirty, forty years ago. There is, however, still a bump - but what he ignores is that there are awards out there that do change and authors career. The Booker, the Pulitzer, the Nobel - these all result in generous sales and a new audience coming to the author.

Totally. A big award---National Book Award, Pulitzer, Booker---can have a HUGE impact on the sales of a book, especially if it is a low selling book. 

Here's an article on it: http://www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/awards-and-prizes/article/51573-just-how-much-does-a-pulitzer-prize-help-a-book-s-sales.html

It cites Jennifer Egan's Goon Squad more than tripling sales for several months after the win, and presumably that had a long tail effect. Paul Hardings Tinkers went from a  book only 1k people had bout to a book that's soon sold over 300k.  




 I guess what I mean is, I wonder if the issue---without knowing the books obviously---was less that the authors didnt' spend 10 years honing and more that they didn't build up the connections and platforms and/or put in the work to make the books a success. 

Anecdotally, I lot of my friends have started pretty promising careers publishing their first books in their mid/late 20s or early 30s, but they did it smartly. 

You are right that the midlist is dead though, especially for genre fiction. (For literary fiction, you can sustain a career teaching and such while selling at a midlist level and htere are presses dedicated to putting quality low selling work out.) 




  I read every single post on Dean Wesley Smith's site about publishing and it comes down to the same thing. Write more books.

This is generally true, but not always true. 

Jonathan Franzen is one of the best selling authors in recent history (not quite JK Rowling level, but his last two novels were in the top 5 best sellers the years they came out) and he only puts out a book every few years. 

 




 Is "being paid" really the only goal though? 

If you want to write and be paid, your best bet is to be prolific... writing non-fiction, probably for corporate newsletters. If you want to be paid writing fiction, your best bet is to write as quickly as possible without editing and pump out erotica. 

Nothing wrong with any of that, but I think we should keep in mind that there is value to writing work that you love, editing it carefully,  rewriting, and putting something out in the world that you generally feel needs to be there.  




 Such a great story! 




 Being published young can be really bad BUT your examples were about first books selling poorly and sadly there is little relation between craft/quality and sales. If your friends shitty books had sold like Twilight or 50 Shades, no one would have dropped them 









 ha yeah, not sure what hte author is asking? 

I get pretty bored by non-fiction books though and feel like most of the time I can glean the facts of a situation well enough from articles and essays instead of full books. Maybe that's what they mean?  




 I don't think most writers really write about themselves actually. We imbue different aspects of ourselves into different characters, sure, but you do that will all characters ideally. You don't just have the Mary Sue author character and a bunch of others. 

Certainly some books are highly autobiographical though (Proust's In Search of Lost Time, Babel's The Red Calvary Cycle, Joyce's A Portrati of the Artist as a Young Man, etc.) 






















































 Loved Sisters Brothers and McCarthy, haven't read the others mentioned on this though. DeWitt has a new novel coming out soon too 




 I'd say persuasion has very little to do with being right. Basically nothing. 

There's a reason we need fiction writers, creative non-fiction writers, and journalists to translate the "facts" of scientists, mathematicians, etc. 

I think the question is impossible though since it really depends on the audience how you can persuade them. Well, maybe that's the key: know your audience.  




 Pretty great book! I like Trout Fishing in America even more. But In Watermelon Sugar is like legit psychedelic hippie fiction 









  Before anyone mentions A Song of Ice and Fire, those books have tons of characters and I'm not just talking about unexpected deaths.

Yeah, and Ned dies at the end of the book he is the "protagonist" for, not the end.  


































 Okay one more reply: 

With **A Dance With Dragons**, the publisher announced it was mostly completed and being they were working on it on March 3rd, 2011. The book came out July 12 2011 after a huge rush from the publisher and Martin. So 4.5 months last time. Probably a good gauge.  




 If a book was literally 100% finished and proofread and copyedited and everything, a press could probably turn it around in 2 months. The printing process would take about a month, the shipping a week, and a few weeks to get the cover and other stuff in motion. Just a guess.  




 Well, in general books take a year to two years to see publication. It depends on when a publisher can fit the book in their schedule, there is more that goes into the planning than just when a book can come out quickest. Different books do well at different times, and you don't want to "compete" with similar books. So a big book of literary realism won't want to come out at the same time as a new Franzen, for example, especially if the same publisher is putting out both. 

But even if there is an open slot, it normally takes a few months to edit and proof, and then typically books are sent out to reviewers as "galleys" 4 to 8 months ahead of publication. This is to build buzz for the book and to allow reviewers to turn in reviews (many magazines need reviews written and ready a few months before hand.) 

**All that said...**

for a book like The Winds of Winter that will sell great no matter what there is no really need to worry about buzz or even advance reviews. AND since the publisher will want to put the book out ASAP to capture fan interest, they will slot it ASAP. So all the above concerns aren't much of a worry.

So that really means it is just a question of how long it takes Martin and his editor to do the edits, plus how long it takes to get the book printed and shipped to stores. I'd guess at least 3 months, probably more like 5. 














 I guess where we disagree is that this is about getting better products. Optimistically, it's about "fairness" in payouts (i.e., not letting authors scam the system). Pessimistically, it's about paying author's less.  




 Yep, people love to complain about "clickbait" but... it works! Quality doesn't drive eyeballs, most of the time.  




  Paying only for what can hold our interest will hopefully allow more differentiation among the level of quality of books I download. 

Why is that your assumption? I assume the exact opposite: only the same kind of books sell really well (mass market page turner fiction is very repetitive, just like reality TV, pop music, and blockbuster films have a very narrow range  of work). 

This model will probably make everyone write in the same kind of straight-forward prose, the same short cliffhanger laden chapters, etc. etc.  




 the barrier for entry... for the golfers? Are you saying there is too high of a barrier for entry... for readers? 

There are so many options for legal free books, cheap used books, and cheap ebooks that I really don't think there is any kind of cost barrier to read books.  




 I think it would mainly matter because of Amazon's reputation. If their goal is to be "the everything store," and they lose a lot of ground in their prestige books division it would really hurt their reputation.  









 The subscription services literally doesn't sell books, it lends them on an unlimited basis (the reader fee doesn't change)... and I'm pretty sure the program is exclusive, meaning you can't sell the books elsewhere if you are in the program. 

So... how do you think this will sell more books? I honestly don't understand what you think is happening.  




 Also, in a subscription service like this the goal is only to pay artists less. Netflix and Spotify are always trying to negotiate less payouts to artists, not "sell more music/movies" 




 Huh? I think you are confused here. This has nothing to do with selling more or less books. It's about how Amazon allots money in their unlimited subscription service. Before, they gave everyone the same amount of money if somene completed something like 20% of the book. Now it's all based on pages. 

It's like if Netflix payed TV shows per minute watched instead of per season. 

Netflix and Kindle Unlimited are subscription services with unlimited access to the content they have. They aren't selling more or less books here.  




 There's also just something a little insulting about only paying for what you finish, something that never happens in any other industry. 

Ate a big lunch and don't finish your burger at dinner? You don't pay the restaurant half prize. 

Get a call and have to leave the baseball game you attended? You don't get a refund on the last third of your stadium ticket. 

Only play 3 holes at the putt-putt and get bored? You don't get your money back. 

Granted this is currently just a program that doesn't encompass all that much work, but if this is a wedge meant to be moved to other programs it is really problematic.  









 Amazon's objective is not to sell books, per se. Their goal is to make money. If they can make more money selling other things, or giving away books for free, or ripping off author's and giving them a lower cut, they will in a heartbeat. 

Also, books are less than 10% of Amazon's business. They don't really care that much how well books on the site sell.  









 I'd say American culture in general is anti-reading and anti-intellectual these days. Been like that for a long time, but got really ramped up during the Bush years (even from liberals) 




 In my personal experience, undergrad writing classes are very different from grad classes or non-school workshops. Basically, undergrad classes are filled with kids looking for "an easy A" or with just kids who are only  just starting out. Basically, not filled with serious writers so teachers can only teach so much.  
































































 Ebooks do this already, kinda. Ebook prices tend to start high and go low with regular deals. Things like bookbub team with publishers to do .99 cent and 1.99 deals too to boost Amazon sales ranking.  









 (I mean, Shakespeare's men literally performed at court for the king and the rest, they didnt' only perform at the globe) 




  It wasn't until late in his life that he performed for King James.

King James became the official patron in 1603, Shakespeare died in 1616. Most of Shakespeare's big plays were in that time (King Lear, MacBeth, Othello, The Tempest, etc.)

Shakespeare's first play was 14 years before King James was the patron. So 14 years before, 12 years after (for last written play.) Basically half his career was that. 

But anyway, before the King was his patron the Lord Chamberlain was the patron. 

Honestly, a theater crowd in a big city is not really "literally the masses." There isn't really a way to compare any artist from Shakespeare's time to modern mass entertainment. How many people do you think went to the Globe during Shakespeare's life? Surely only a fraction of the people who have purchased a Harry Potter book, listened to a Beyonce song, or watched The Avengers. (London's entire population was less than 200,000 in Shakespeare's time.) Mass culture literally didn't exist back then. The technology wasn't there to distribute it. 

The Globe certainly had city dwellers attending, but Shakespeare also preformed for nobility. Certainly you can say Shakespeare wrote for both the masses and the elites, but you can't say it was only the former. 
 




 Why do people think Shakesperae only wrote for "the common man"? Dude was employed by the King, and by nobility before that. Most of his plays are about princes and kings, and many are based on historical nobility. 

Yeah, he threw in a few dick jokes too, but that doesn't mean he was writing Charles Bukowski stories.  




 No, I mean I think that's a fairly common opinion actually.  









 Sure... but look, most changes authors would make are often pretty small. Like most of the time, a new "draft"---after the first few--just fixes some small errors or makes minor changes throughout. 

I'm sure most authors have a few sentences they'd change or whatever, but that's not very interesting for a thread like this where people are talking more about major changes 




 No, it doesn't stand to reason that infinite drafts would make a work infinitely better. Many of the great works of literature were written overnight with only minor revisions (Kafka's The Judgement is one example, also Ginsberg's Howl allegedly). The draft fetishism of contemporary writing is just that, a fetish. 

It's not that flaws improve a book per se, but that what many people think of as a "problem" is often what makes a book interesting. Like this thread is filled with people wanting to "fix" great books by removing what makes them unique and making them more like standard commercial fiction books.  









 The press that owned the book rights, I guess? Presses can often sell the rights to a book to another press, so King's contract probably had him get half of that.  




 Honestly, nothing for any book I like. Flaws and imperfections are part of what makes art great, honestly. Most attempts to "fix" great works would just make them more bland.  









 Great breakdown, seems right to me.  




 This is a GREAT example of why agents are important. So many people on here like to act like agents are all scam artists who never help authors. A good agent, even just an okay one, is worth their fee. 

My own agent bumped my advance up enough that it covered their fee and more.  






















































 Hmm, not sure I agree with a lot of this. 

 And then they don't put bookstores everywhere.  

Even at the height of the video store game, my hometown had at least as many bookstore as video stores. Now, there is only one video store (that I can think of) and still over a dozen bookstores. 

 The biggest difference is that almost everyone watches movies, but most people don't read. 

The first stat I find says 76% of adults read at least one book in last year. That's not great, but most Americans DO read even if it is only one book a year. People certainly watch way more movies than they read books, but OTOH we are talkinga bout video rental stores. Most americans pre-Netflix era probably just watched TV and went to the cinema now and then.  




 not sure you can game much with ebooks. you could add more paragraph breaks to stretch pages out, but you couldn't like increase the font (the user controls that) 




 heh, well when the Kindle came out 8 years ago it was REALLY supposed to be the print book apocalypse... yet it hasn't happened yet.  




 The internet is hitting hard for sure, although I feel like people have been saying print will die for almost 10 years and the print market has actually grown I believe and even with Amazon indie bookstores have been doing pretty well in recent years.  







































 How about hunching over a desk on the beach with the margarita next to the laptop?  














 The fact that film is so expensive also limits craft, since it becomes more of a corporate investment with dozens of fingers in the pot instead of unimpeded artistic visions most of the time 




 But user is correct there is no fx budget restraint to prose, you can include anything 




 One of the great novels, but I think Nabokov's Pale Fire is even better.  




 agreed, isn't this pretty par for the course?  




 It's a pretty darn hard gig, but obviously not futile since those careers still exist. Still, what do you mean by "career"? If you mean get millions, pretty futile. If you mean make some side income and maybe work in a related field (journalism? teaching?) it's not futile at all if you have talent.  




 gotcha 




 okay! Didn't mean it to be overtly political, since it was an neutral LA Times article. But no worries if you think it doesn't fit.  














 were these genres created by literary pretense, or just by suits with marketing concerns?  

























































































 Or at least I thought, from an author named Alexander Chee: http://the-toast.net/2015/07/14/an-interview-with-alexander-chee/view-all/

 Can you share some of your views on the current state of publishing, and also how Amazon might be changing the game?

Well, we know publishing profits have improved while writer pay has declined. So that is terrible. Im greatly encouraged by some recent developments in publishing in terms of what is getting published and reviewed.

What worries me most is that we are still in a weird place where, 20 years in, were being told we still dont know how the Internet affects book sales or readership, and so writers cant be paid as much for writing written online  even as every major media outlet is now online and increasingly abandons print editions. Yet so far, you still get paid more for print even though it is often read less  and you get paid less for digital, and yet everyone reads that. That has to change. Because its a scam.

Its time to admit the Internet is here.

I was going through old files and found pay stubs from digital writing I did in 1999 that are roughly what is still getting paid for something that you also have to fact check yourself and in some cases copyedit  but that is also given a title you dont choose. And because of content grabs in contracts, it may not even belong to you.

And so I dont have any comment about Amazon except to say that over time I am less and less interested on any seasonal focus on Amazons most recent moves, whatever they are  like many American companies they are a mix of good and bad, what I agree and disagree with  and Im more and more interested in the larger context for this, the Internet and America, income inequality and the destruction of the creative class. Were in this horrible world where everyone wants everything for free now or almost free because to pay for it reminds them of how little they are paid and that reminds them of their powerlessness in the face of that. Or at least how powerless they feel. And theres so much blocked anger there.

Historically, despots kill the artists, writers, journalists and professors when they seize power, as what they teach is critical thinking, and what comes with that is the ability to resist tyrannies of various kinds. What America is doing, purposefully or not, is historically distinct: delegitimizing the work of that class, and acting as if an education is the tyranny, all while insisting writers and professors make work on starvation wages, while also paying exorbitant fees for everything from healthcare to housing to taxes even on what grants remain. In order for an artist to have any respect they have to have amazing sales  or be dead after a life of poverty. So Id prefer a bigger conversation about all of that instead.

All of which is to say, Amazon isnt changing publishing  everyone involved in publishing is, from the writers to the editors to the readers. If we want to improve publishing we have to talk about the whole thing related to how writers are valued and compensated, and what we want our literature to contain.


 









 Agents are so crazy opaque in general. Like such little info on their websites, and many have no social media presence. I guess it's because they get hounded by writers otherwise?  




 fantastic book, invented a whole genre  














 No, and publishers do give different terms to different authors, especially big name ones who have leverage. 

But industries tend to settle around rates I think, whether we are talking publishers, record labels, TV syndication, Netflix, whatever. Can be hard to shake that stuff up.  




 there are some yeah, but none with the marketshare. Basically the same reason that the big publishers don't offer better terms, the competition is out there but just not big enough 




 I agree that the fact that other newspapers didn't remove for bulk sales is the interesting fact here. Don't really care what Amazon says, sounds like their spokesperson was just asked if Amazon itself has seen unusual bulk sales, not that they are commenting on the book's sales as a whole.  




 yeah uh.... Amazon has it's own sales ranking of what people buy through amazon, that doesn't tell him what bulk orders have been made direct form the publisher, from Barnes and Noble, or from book stores 




 Also, big name authors get SOOO many blurb requests that when they do decide to blurb something it's normally because they truly really liked it. Sure there is some neapotisim involved sometimes (student asking former teacher, publisher asking big name author to do debut author) but even in those cases there are so many former students and so many names being passed along that a big name author is making a choice to blurb.  




 Have I bought a book solely on the blurb? No. 

But if I liked other parts about the book AND it had blurbs form authors I'd trust, that would make me more likely to buy. 

It's less about trusting the authors to be honest than it is about getting a sense of what kind of book it is. For example, is it a "speculative fiction" book in the vein of George Saunders, Jeff VanderMeer, and Kelly Link? Or is it more like a George RR Martin/Joe Abercrombie kind of thing? 

Blurbs give you an idea.  




 Distributors take a big cut, but the biggest cut in the middlemen chain are the retailers (bookstores, Amazon, Barnes and Noble) who take like a 50% cut.  




 This sounds good to me. They also should demand 90% from self-publishing platforms. There is no way that Amazon should be getting 30-70% of the cut without providing any editing/art/marketing and having essentially no cost of production.  









  Why doesn't the NYT simply publish Amazon's sales rankings? 

In addition to the fact that Amazon's rankings are manipulated too: 

1) While Amazon has a big influence on the market, they aren't even close to 100% of the market, and their sales are skewed (as any single entity would be) by their user base. 

2) There is no way to really "objectively" rank print and digital sales. Is a 25 dollar hardcover sale, a 15 dollar paperback sale, and a $1 dollar ebook sale all the same thing?  




 Yes, Amazon's rankings are easily manipulated too.  




 The right wing has LONG used bulk sales to try and manipulate the NYT best seller list. I think it's perfectly fine for the NYT to not count books that didn't really sell to actual humans, but were just bought in bulk by church groups, SuperPacs, and right wing orgs. I don't know if that happened with Cruz or not, but Amazon wouldn't be in any special position to judge that. 

What on earth are the more "objective" sales rankings?  





























  I would think it should be the big five, who in one year have amazingly all just happened to sign similar agreements with Amazon changing how ebooks are sold. 

Come on now, this is pretty standard. Netflix signs similar deals with the big film companies, Apple signs similar deals with record labels, etc. Basically, the producers can't really negotiate better rates unless they have some irregular leverage so they all sign similar deals.  



















 Authors can and do make real changes to proofs. In fact, there was a mini scandal just last month where someone tweeted a portion of Jon Ronson's proof mocking it and it was a sentence that he had deleted for the final copy.  




 Well it's illegal and unethical to sell uncorrected proofs, so whoever did is a jerk. 

Most ARCs only change a little bit, but it's not unheard of to have some serious edits especially in non-fiction.  



























































 I can't tell if this is good or bad. Amazon is flooded with paid-for reviews or reviews by friends and family, but why block reviews if someone just follows an author on Twitter? Don't book lovers tweet at lots of authors they love? Doesn't mean they know them.  









 Mainly it's just weird to block people for social media interactions. Book fans who use twitter probably follow TONS of authors they don't know. 

But I get trying to block family members leaving cheap 5 star reviews 



















 Word, but I'd stress again you can achieve the same thing publishing book reviews, or essays, or something else if short fiction isn't your thing 














 Man vs. god is another, although I guess since all modern religions treat god as basically absent it's a version of "man vs. self." A crisis of faith is an inner crisis.  




 man vs. man and man vs. society can be seen as different. A conflict between individuals vs. a conflict between protagonist and their human surroundings/society/culture  




 These reductive things are always pretty silly, as everyone else here is saying. 

I enjoy this one better though: 

All stories are either a man goes on a journey, or a stranger comes to town (and that both are different POVs of the same story.) That is to say, most stories have a routine that is interrupted... either by the protagonist going somewhere or doing something new, or by an outsider character shaking up the routine.  




 Yes, that can work. I mean it certainly happens, but it might be best for your career to focus on building some kind of recognition whether though publishing short fiction, blogging, editing a lit mag, or something else. 

Another option might be submitting to first book contests that small presses host.  














 check this list, it's the best place to start (for "literary" work at least) http://cliffordgarstang.com/?p=4777 




 Hmm, well I dunno. I know people who basically were unpublished who got agents but most of them either 

A) Came through a big MFA program (or genre problem like Clarion) 

B) Published in another genre (ie, published essays or journalism but wrote fiction on the side)

or 

C) Had some kind of platform to build off of. Big social media presence or the like. 

The problem I think is that there are SO many wannabe writers and SO many people sending work to agents that agents simply can't read it all. They have to filter through it some way. So having connections, or publications, or a platform all give the agent a reason to read the manuscript. Doesn't mean they'll like it, but you will at least get read. 

ETA: Now this might seem unfair, but think about it: even if you self-publish, you are going to probably have a much harder time unless you have some reason (publications, platform, etc.) for people to buy your work over the bazillion others out there.  




 Have you read the new book? Seems premature to say he couldn't possible turn into this without even reading it 




 In high school? I could see The Road and Oscar Wao. I think those are good calls on your part. 

Infinite Jest is too long and dense, but it will probably be taught in college courses for a long time. 

Maybe Harry Potter will be middle school reading? Although the series is so long probably not.  



























































 I'm really glad both LONG HIDDEN and MONSTROUS AFFECTIONS made the list for anthologies. I thought both were great 



















 The benefits are, well, if you don't have an agent--which can take a long time to find--you can get picked up.

The downside is that your agent will almost always get you more money or a better deal, and you are more likely to be picked up if you have an agent. Agents can also hassle publishers to respond in a timely manner in a way that authors can't.  






















































 I agree, though, that the dialogue could be more interesting than just "fuck!" Jesus!" It's possible to have characters say interesting things to reveal themselves in a fight 




 Here is one link: http://lovecraftzine.com/2014/08/04/did-the-writer-of-true-detective-plagiarize-thomas-ligotti-and-others/ 




 Yeah I don't think it means the first season was bad. Also, weren't there a lot of rumors that the writer basically plagiarized several horror authors in season 1? Maybe that's why it was better 









 Sorry, I meant to reply to the user you were replying to! 




 I can't even believe how lazy the writing is this season. It's like the guy wrote the entire 8 scripts in one coke-fueled night and never edited.  




 Did you read the review? The reviewer says basically the same thing: that RPO had lots of problems but was still fun, but then says this book isn't fun at all and has even more problems.  




  I felt like Luke Skywalker surveying a hangar full of A-, Y- and X-Wing Fighters just before the Battle of Yavin. Or Captain Apollo, climbing into the cockpit of his Viper on the Galacticas flight deck. Ender Wiggin arriving at Battle School. Or Alex Rogan, clutching his Star League uniform, staring wide-eyed at a hangar full of Gunstars.

Wow this is insufferable writing. Makes me glad I never read Ready Player One if this is how he writes. Why do so many "nerd" types think that simply referencing things counts as being clever?  









 Loved HAINTS STAY! 

Would recommend THE SISTERS BROTHERS by Patrick DeWitt and GHOST TOWN by Robert Coover, if you want more 







































 Social media isn't pointless per say, some people do really well with it. But just having a page without working to grow it IS pointless. But, as someone else said, if you are getting paid by the press might as well make one quickly. 

Actually, maybe it isn't even pointless since people googling you will have a page to land on at least.  

























































































 It's hard to explain how influential this book was. It was fresh at the time, now is been ripped off so much it feels less original 














 Agree with everyone here that no one will really care and also... would it really be that hard to do a search and replace and change his hair to a different color? Is red hair really that central to the plot, if you do indeed feel it overlaps with the name of the wind too much?  




  Also, having things online doesn't stop them being published. Of course, you'll have to take them down. But no one would forgo a piece of writing because it was on the internet. I've seen a lot of people have that concern, and a lot of people have replied, stating their fears are unfounded. Don't worry :)

Strong disagree with this. Every editor I know would turn down a piece that was already published for the public online (unless it was a reprint anthology or something.) Yes, you can get away with this since most editors won't google you, but if you do get caught the editor will reject the story and if they think you are acting shady won't ever work with you again.  



















 As someone who works in the industry, I really think you are overrating how likely looks are to matter. I wouldn't say it doesn't matter at all, but I really don't think it's much of a factor. Sure, you can google anyone, but plenty of editors probably don't even know what an author looks like when they sign them. 

Youth, OTOH, probably factors in. Editors want to grab the hot (as in buzzed about) young authors on the rise and will pick up those books over works by middle age authors with middling sales.  














 Dunno, I doubt it gets to that very often. For one thing, most readers have no idea at all what the authors they read look like... outside of the big famous ones like Rowling or King. I don't think looks sell books in 2015 when authors don't go on talk shows or appear on camera much at all, unless they are super famous 





























 Yeah, it's certainly something that MFA programs can provide for authors... if your teachers like your work at least.  




 I think it's kind of shitty BUT I can tell you it isn't uncommon. As long as you are sure they are a legit agent, and they will give you a quick read (say within a month) it seems okay. 

Don't let them sit on it forever though 
























 Hey, every year The Millions literary sites posts a huge list of all the awesome books coming out for the second half of the year. Here's the one for this fall: http://www.themillions.com/2015/07/most-anticipated-the-great-second-half-2015-book-preview.html

I know it's a list, but I think it's comprehensive enough to warrant discussion here. What books are you guys excited for that are on this? Or that are missing? 

I'm really excited for 

* UNDERDOMOMAJORMINOR by Patrick DeWitt. His THE SISTERS BROTHERS was one of my favorite books of last decade. 

* THE STORY OF MY TEETH by Valeria Luisilli. She's a really great young Mexican-American writer and Coffee House has been publishing amazing work recently. 

* Clarice Lispector's complete stories. She was amazing. 

Lot of other good stuff coming out too. Good year for books! 









 It's better to focus on what is the best ending for the book you are writing than what would "gain the largest audience."  




 That's half the battle, but plenty of connected and rich authors flop too 




 Marketing budget, good reviews (ie good book), buzz 




 Sure, but these are picks from non-Americans. Not sure writers in Japan or Brazil read Uncle Tom's Cabin. Might not be known outside of USA 




 Not sure why this is being downvoted. I agree, really fun book! 




 I thought this list was interesting and worth discussing in advance of the Fourth of July: http://lithub.com/quintessential-american-fiction-according-to-the-rest-of-the-world/

A survey of writers around the world about what they think of as "American" literature. 

 Individual titles named: 96    Books by women: 19    Most popular decade: The 2000s    Least popular decade: The 1940s    Oldest book: The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, Benjamin Franklin (1791)    Newest book: Tenth of December, George Saunders (2013)    Most cited writers: William Faulkner (8), Herman Melville (5), F. Scott Fitzgerald (4), J.D. Salinger (4), Mark Twain (4)

What do you feel was unfairly left out?  




 Well, I will say that I agree that the future--for better or worse--will probably involve writers selling ancillary stuff. Dinners with them, workshops, scented candles? Who knows. But music has survived on merch for a long time, and writers might have to do the same thing soon.  




 But I don't think that stuff solves this at all, because it would only work for mega famous authors and those are the ones who can still survive today. 

Would you pay to sit and brainstorm with a debut novelist you've never heard of? Would you pay to get dinner with a career midlister? And if so, would you actually pay enough money to make that worthwhile for them?  




 Most artists on labels are in debt and ost artists who are relying on Spotify and self-publishing are in debt or making no money. 

I'm interested in the best way for artists to make money. I don't care if the corporate labels or corporate tech companies go under. All leeches in my book!

But yes, the big labels have been particularly bad (compared to say the big publishers, which are pretty good for writers)  




  Very few artist on any label except for those "the big stars" come close to being rich, it's a complete myth.

I... didnt' say most artists on labels are rich and certainly don't think that! I said that most rich musicians are on labels. That's a different thing! 



















 Yeah, with music "free" music can get you concert tickets and merch sales. That doesn't happen with books. People don't pay for live readings and don't seem interested in buying merch from authors.  









 Or maybe US laws just need to be enforced me. It sounds nice to just say vague comments about "new models" and blah blah, but honestly the raid on Megadownload might be one of the biggest things that caused a decrease in piracy in recent history.  




 I absolutely think that the cultural conversation is important and can (and has!) shifted public opinion. 

Yes, people still want free work and piracy is still rampant, but more people I know have started to buy more work and realize that artists should be paid in the last few years thanks both to the things you mention and to culture norms shifting.  




 That's a huge question to get into but a few quick points: 

- The artists on labels are still the rich ones today. You can say "labels demand outrageous cuts!" but basically the only people making a living off of music are on labels, and certainly the only big stars are ones on labels. 

- Look, I hate how exploitative the major record labels were and probably still are. So I'm not defending them. But it is dishonest to compare the profit share numbers without comparing the up front costs. By which I mean, record labels pay for studio time, pay for marketing, maybe evne pay for touring expenses. The "unsigned" artist has to recoup their recording and other costs before they actual make any money.  




 The benefits of "free" marketing seem to be highly overrated the more I read about it. For example, do you ever look in the /r/selfpublish forum? I do and writers there constantly bemoan the fact that they can give away a book for free and get thousands or tens of thousands of downloads, but then those translate into like 2 sales. 

In the age of everything being free, well, everything is free, so you are drowning in a sea of free content. Being free doesn't make you stand out. Your work can be downloaded by a million people who don't ever actual listen/read/watch it... much less go buy a ticket to a show or a copy of a physical book. 
 




 I don't care at all what rich corporations make money! I only care if artists make money. The fact that Spotify CEO or Apple stock holders makes bank instead of some big record company CEO is not a "step in the right direction" if the actual musicians aren't making more. 
 




 I don't really get what you are arguing. No one in 2015 thinks technology should be stopped or whatever. No one thinks ebooks and digital music should die. The legal means of getting ebooks and digital music are just as much "technology" as thepiratebay.com and utorrent. Piracy doesn't have some monopoly on new technology.  




  With almost no cost to produce or distribute content, the need for media elites as tastemakers is diminishing.

 Traditionally we had media elites that acted as tastemakers. When media is scarce we need elites to know which media to consume.

Man I think you have this completely wrong. 

The problem with society has never been "elites" being tastemakers. It is really bizarre how this right wing hatred of "liberal ivory tower gatekeepers!" has been picked up by supposedly libertarian or liberal people. 

 The problem has been corporate money controlling the media landscape. Controlling what is played on radio, controlling what books get placed prominently in stores, controlling what movies get wide releases, and so on. The "tastemakers" have mostly had pretty fine tastes, but their tastes are normally overruled by the overwhelming power of corporate money and the control of distrobution. 

Has that changed? Not really! 

Yes, theoretically we can all be stars on youtube or Kindle Unlimited, but in reality the rich people with corporate money backing them still completely dominate the media landscape: Marvel films, Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian, Jurassic World, etc. 

Those people make bank while middle class artists are disappearing. We are left with a world where you are either making nothing but praying and hoping you'll go viral, or else you are a huge star with corporate backing who can leverage your work for payouts (like getting your song in a car commercial)

By eliminating all money that sustains smaller culture pools, the big corporate culture control is maybe greater than ever today. 

 Book has pictures of books that other redditors are currently reading and there are posts on the tv subreddit asking others what they should watch. Instead of looking to some elite tastemaker we are looking to ourselves. This is not just reddit, but all social media. 

Social media is utterly dominated by the same handful of topics. in art, that means it is the same handful of films, TV shows, or books that can be talked about at one time. 

When the currency is "likes" "reblogs" and "shares," the only way to get it is to talk about what everyone else is talking about. You mention subreddits like /r/books, but what actually makes the top page? The same authors over and over: Neil Gaiman, JK Rowling, Stephen King, and a handful of others. Yes, anyone CAN be talked about, but only a few bi name people are talked about enough to get upvotes and get to the top of the page. 

Same with twitter or anything else.  




 Yeah, that line is really hard to swallow in a world ruled by Kim Khardashian, reality TV, flavorless action blockbusters, and McDonald's burgers.  




 Is Spotify a "move in the right direction" or just another way for rich corporations to make bank while artists make nothing? Spotify's CEO is rich as hell, but the actual artists get paid almost nothing: http://s3.amazonaws.com/infobeautiful2/selling_out_550.png 




 I think that's part of it, but mostly I think it's any what is easy to steal. I know plenty of people who pirate music and video games and what not, yet spend time of disposable income on coffee shops, restaurants, bars, high priced electronics, etc. Piracy is by no means limited to people in poverty 
























