 That's what my friend said! It would be fantastic!  




 Has anyone had an actual lucid dream with the dream Z app? I've tried but with no success. I want to know if I should keep trying or just stick with using an alarm to wake up 5 hours after I sleep.  




 Wouldn't it be great if they played the Rings of Akhaten song, The part where the girl sang? 




 Xlan16 is right. You're never  going to know what happens in your dream. What you should do is try biting your tongue, or try plugging your nose and try to breath. The biting your tongue almost always works for me. Good Luck!  




 More then likely he won't be seeing any of 11 because in an interview he said that he wasn't invited back for the 50th episode, unless they decide to throw him in there before 11 regenerates.  




 I want to be something happy but then sad at the same time. Anyway they do it will be brilliant.  




 Great job, that looks incredible 


































 Todd I guessed it! I cried so hard when I actually heard it 




 I've always wanted to do a story, but I never end up actually doing it. I'll have to try that soon!  




 Yeah I feel like I'm never able to do exactly what I want. Most lucid dreams I have are random and unexpected 




 Hey Lucid Dreamers! My question for you is what is your favorite activity to do when Lucid? If you have not been Lucid what is the first thing on your to do list in a Lucid Dream? Flying is still my favorite! 




 I figured out every time I watch tv or listen to music before I go to bed really messes with my dream recall. It's best for me to just go to sleep in a quiet environment. 




 Looks like he's seen so much 




 a T.A.R.D.I.S 




 The WILD technique is where you go to bed wake up after 4-6 hours of sleep, stay awake for like 10 min to an hour (I think an hour is way too long) then get back in your bed, make sure your body is all relaxed. The trick to this is you want to trick your body into falling asleep and your brain remain active. Unfortunately during this technique you might run into sleep paralysis, but you just have to take that with a grain of salt. Once your body is asleep you will start seeing thing, shapes, colors, soon you'll start seeing faces then full on scenes. Don't focus too much on any of that because you will lose all you're trying to achieve. You may even hear some things.One big thing is that you cannot get too excited. You will ruin all of it. There are some good apps/ youtube videos on taking you through the process of relaxing your body and the steps after that. Sorry I wrote this pretty fast, if you have any questions or want other tips just let me know! Happy Lucid Dreaming! 




 Oh wow! That was FANTASTIC 
























 This may sound weird, but pay them off. Just say here's a billion dollars pull whatever you have in your pocket and give it to them! Regardless of what's actually in your pocket! 




 That sounds fantastic 




 What is your inner sanctuary? 




 You can do it! I suggest crazyinsanes wild technique for sure  




 Story building is always fun! Do you ever just have a start for the story and let the dream do the rest? 




 That's usually what I end up doing in most lucid dreams, just being in awe of what I am doing in that moment.  




 Had one with my grandpa at one point, it was really nice.  




 How long have you been lucid dreaming for? I've never done that. Sounds awesome!  




 Getting to know yourself in a Lucid Dream, I think it is one of the greatest things to do in a lucid dream! I do it on occasion!  
























 I can't be the only one who thought when they said "shots fired at NSA" there was a heated argument at the offices of NSA 




 I bet she was like, "Damn my niece is crazy wanting to kill me, my fianc, her cousin, and WHAT THE FUCK THIS BITCH WANTS THE DOG DEAD?!"  




 "You just downloaded   opened this app, tell us what you think!"  




 I would love for some random bloke to find it and do something extravagant with it. 




 I've never been so jealous  




 This is the future.  




 COMPLETELY off topic, but how'd you get into commercials? I want/need to start, but don't know where to.. Thanks man!  




 the person who just died just saw the light and then came back from it.  




 Love when things just never get old in Lucid Dreams  
























 If it was me it would've been an instant divorce right then and there.  




 I do it every year, always gets a laugh.  




 I make my mom pick me up still. Last year we almost knocked down the tree! Crossing fingers to get the whole tree down next time. 




 I joke about being pregnant ever year! My girlfriend doesn't find it funny anymore.. 




 Right now in just gazing at the stars and I was really curious on why stars twinkle and sparkle?  









 Come on gang, MySpace here we come! 




 So if I dye my pubes, would it feel like jacking off another dude? Asking for a friend.  




 I applaud you sir, paybacks a bitch 
























 One of my favorite comments in the thread. Thank you  




 I'm glad this is helping more than just me, but I'm sorry to hear you're going through a tough time. We'll get through it!  




 Thank you all for the comments Redditors, I can't wait to read all of them when I get home today!  




 One of my favorite threads of all time. 




 That's what she said  




 I loved my NeoCube! Until I lost 5 magnets and then it was worthless  




 While I was scrolling all I could think was, "OH MY GOD ITS GETTING NASTIER"  




 No doubt about it, there are so many good ones I'll never be able to say which one is my favorite.  




 OP I'm excited for you. Have a shit ton of fun!  
























 As everyone is saying, it sucks, but with time and more kick ass lucid dreams you'll get through it man. 




 The Doctor can get through anything. He always finds a way  




 Being a narcissistic little shit 




 Expected something hilarious, got more than expected. Well done  




 Unlimited calls in Canada?! Sign me up 




 Everybody poops  














 Totally serious, what's the best way to get involved with movies, like an extra?  
























 Absolutely LOVE her! 




 I love her. I've always loved her. I still don't understand everyone's hate towards her.. 




 Hello Lavern  




 There was a kid who was called "The Phantom Pooper" he used to randomly poop in the halls around the school ALL THE TIME. Never found who that sneaky bastard was.  




 Haha yeah Bobs great! Living his life out of the limelight  




 I don't think I'm entitled to say exactly what went down, but yeah it was never the same after he left.  




 Fun fact: My dads best friends with their ex drummer bob. Used to go over to his house and play halo 3.  




 Is there a mental illness for being too poor? I think I have it.  




 This is the type of shit I love seeing  
























 Oh brother.. 




 White People 




 I literally can't believe you would say that. Chris Traeger would be disappointed. 




 Holy shit. It happened. It FUCKING HAPPENED 









 The sweetest post of all time.  




 Stress relief part 1   2 were possibly two of the best episodes of The Office.  




 I was at Disney World when I was six years old. We were riding the bus back to our hotel when my mom gave her seat up to a girl about the same age as me. We kept looking at each other and just smiled and laughed. It was so innocent and for my six year old self it was the best thing ever.  




 I've always wanted to have a day like this, but it hasn't happened yet. Sorry to hear about the bitter ending!  
























