 Thanks for your response Lars0. I just read today about The Planetary Society utilizing a cubesat for their solar sail deployment. Before I was unaware such a thing existed. 




 What most adequately prepared you for your career in aerospace? If not adequately prepared, what would you have done differently to prepare for entering the field? I am a student working towards an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering and would appreciate any advice you may have for someone with a desire to work in aerospace engineering. My request is not, however, intended to specifically target engineers. I am generally curious how you prepared for any position in the industry. Listing your current or past positions would be a great help as well. 
























 This was excellent information. Thanks for your replies. If an experimentalist happens to read this please tell us of your experiences. 




 I'm interested in research as well. Though I can't say I would know what to expect. Should I be able to fit some time in for research one semester I will certainly do it. What was research like for you as an undergraduate? 
























 I was enrolled in Calc II while taking Physics I and ran across no issues that couldn't be handled with a little research. As someone mentioned already, you may run into some integrals and derivatives that could possibly require interesting techniques to accomplish. This is also largely dependent on how your instructor approaches physics I as well as the text they use. For example, Kleppner and Kolenkowl's *An Introduction to Mechanics* would probably require a broader mathematical base in introductory physics. I haven't used this text so if someone here has they may be able to provide a bit more insight on the actual use of such a book in a course. If you happen to know what text you are using this could help us in providing more detailed direction as to what you may need to know. My calc based physics course used *Matter and Interactions* by Ruth Chabay and Bruce Sherwood. Wonderful text for conceptual understanding but not so much for intense mathematical representations of physical ideas. Using this book as a resource will certainly be helpful though. 




 I assume you ran into some obstacles in getting internships. If this is the case would you mind sharing what made it difficult for you? Perhaps you meant to convey that internships in general are difficult to attain. Thanks for your reply! 
























 What an absolutely wonderful gift. Excellent photo as well. 




 Charlotte isn't well known for aerospace. It also doesn't look like there is anything on the horizon to make it so. As others have mentioned, Greensboro is much more exciting and active in this field. Hondajet, Boeing, Lockheed Martin even if I remember correctly. 
























 Hi /r/Physics! What are the best introductory texts for learning Lagrangian mechanics? Having taken both the first and second semester introductory physics courses I learned only your typical Newtonian mechanics. As a newer reddit user I continue to see references of the use of Lagrangians and Lagrangian mechanics and find it both interesting and seemingly necessary to understand them. What are your favorite texts that really taught you Lagrangian mechanics? I'm aware of Leonard Susskind's The Theoretical Minimum for classical mechanics and will most likely utilize these too. Thanks! 





























 "Also, dude, chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian American, please." 




 Morin's actually looks familiar. I'll pick it up when I can. In the meantime I will look into the complimentary chapters. Many thanks for your recommendations. 
























 It is wonderful to see such applicability from a simpler scripting language. Thanks for the informative response! 




 This IDE is attractive. It's simple too which is admirable. I've been considering picking up Python to learn over the summer and your comment reinforced my considerations. What are some applications of Python in the workplace from your experience with it? 
























 Autodesk provides their CFD program at no cost under their educational license. They also seem to have informative training materials. This may be of some help if you need a program to use at no cost.

/u/whynotamp, is Anderson's CFD something I could pick up during my undergraduate studies? If so, what concepts should I have familiarity with, or classes should I have already taken, before beginning such a book? 




 Thank you to all who provided some recommendations. I'll look over these and pick one to proceed with! 
























 Who is your go-to dermatologist? 




 I have to agree with /u/1enigma1. It seems reasonable if not also appropriate to reach out to an interviewer to acquire some details as to what caused them not to hire you. 
























