




 Not soapboxing! Honestly curious how we are able to have zoos ethically 







































 But I love the Bucks...  Idk why but they are my East coast team.  They play with amazing style.  I have made alot betting on them because the critics give the spread so high against the Bucks...  Have pride in your team because I give you 2 years to be a contender.  





























 I like things like free grand slams on your bday at Dennys... What are some other tricks we should know?  Redbox promo codes, free food,  etc?  









 What are some of his most important works to read?  





























 What exactly are numbers?  My professor and I were in discussion about them and he implied that numbers are entities separate from physics,  math,  and science.  We *use* them and apply them but math in itself doesn't imply truth...  Have you heard this and can someone explain his logic?  









 I heard that we need to reorganize our theory of gravity.  Is this true?  If so,  what does this mean and why?  
























 I can't seem to get back into the school groove.  What are some study tips and habits?  




 It seems as if the US just said fuck that crisis over there as Russia continues to wage war when at the beginning,  the US was threatening action.  The timing of ISIS seems to perfect.  Could Russia have helped the start this secretly?  




 Serious question. I want to know if someone passes away in law enforcement, it looks like everyone that's a  cop attends.  Who is patrolling or working? Wouldn't this be the time to do a crime?  









 I have thought for the last couple years that Westbrook deserves his own team like the Celtics and then build around him. I just don't like how Westbrook is a 2nd option. Do you think that he should have him own team?  




 Hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed losing to this.  kt is incredible.  




 I pointed this out a few weeks ago.  ruby just collected his 7th technical of the season.  For a guy with a usually quiet demeanor,  this has been a big sign of him changing.  What do you think has happened?  We can't afford both our stars collecting 20+ techs a season. Ruby never got techs like this before this season.  
























 IMO Jason Thompson gets a lot of crap as a starting PF.  He has been a staple on our defense and has improved throughout the years.  He has been the longest standing King on the team and is amazing in the community. Relatively humble and hasn't had attitude problems. 

There is not one person on the that we have tried to replace more then him.  He has outplayed numerous candidates like T-rob,  Landry,  Patterson, Evans and Acy. Always been a fan but I believe he deserves more credit.   









 Literally that.  



















 Link right here 














 Jus for kix 









 Ayyyyyyyy 





























 I want to help out the community and environment .  I am interested in planting trees,  feeding the homeless, etc.  I have checked out habitat for humanity but got no response. If anyone knows of anything,  please let me know.  




 I have started growing in my meditation and knowledge and continue to grow.  my SO is interested in meditating and Buddhism with me but I feel uncomfortable with it.  I feel like it is my thing for myself and a mental release.  I also feel I have only been learning for a few months.  I feel it would make us closer but still hesitant. How do you guys deal with this? Any advice?  









 These crackahs wanna here a story.  




 I am having issues adjusting to bar chord transitions and barring the strings.  Any good websites,  videos or tips!?  




 Source.  




 He is rich and I am on Reddit circlejerk.  




 On the Kings and why?  


































 Let us put this in perspective..  Elevator is broken...  That is why you are trapped.. 









 I understand how they go out of business..  Lack of revenue.  But I don't really understand how you have cities like Atlantic city going under and whole companies like Caesars Entertainment going under. Are people not gambling?  Why the sudden crash when the economy is on the come up? 









 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub /r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! Good way to help those looking at Islam for a chance to get info.  




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub/r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! 




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing.  There is a new sub /r/sharing religion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories.  It is an awesome way to spread the word.  Just wanted to thank you guys!  




 Growing up I had a family of 5 including myself.  My mother and father were divorced and very bitter people.  My mother was a Irish Catholic who drank often and suffered from emotional issues.  My father was a military Protestant who was semi abusive.  I was very rebellious growing up but fairly intelligent.  I read frequently and often pondered about philosophy and science. I was not forced into church except Easter of course for the grandma.  I was involved with partying and fighting in high school while being involved with the wrong crowd.  I eventually met a girl who introduced me to a christian church. I loved the fellowship and was engulfed with positive emotion.  I eventually did mission trips and became proactive in the church. My relationship with this girl seized and I focused on Jesus.  I eventually met a girl who I just loved.  Only issue was she was very immersed deep into the ranks at the church.  We started dating and this caused a mini uproar.  I was reprimanded, chastised,  tormented and disrespected by church officials for this relationship. Hypocrisy oozed out faster than I could have imagined.  Eventually I left my position as a youth group leader,  Bible study leader and Sunday school teacher because of this. I turned my back on religion because I realized that religion is made by people for people.  Dogma is just that... dogma. I eventually went back to reading my philosophy.  Nietzsche, Kafka,  Kant,  Schopenhauer and Hume all played a huge impact on my life.  I studied life as I am now finishing my BA in Philosophy.  My focus is religious studies. I was still left with a void until about a year ago I discovered Buddhism. I study and practice meditation,  Buddhism and Taoism.  I study the lifestyle...  Not the religion.  I believe that each person's life is for them to explore.  I realized Christianity is a very corrupt religion when it comes to their church but has taught me numerous things.  I believe one should explore all facets of their lives. This journey isn't over for me but just beginning.  









 I wanted to share with you guys that I had the best Meditation session to date.  Not that I am grading them or one better than the other, this one was just very different.  I was sitting there in breathe for a few minutes when I began doing some chants as usual.  Maybe it was just one of those busy weeks but everything seemed to slow down.  I was very aware of my surroundings and very focused.  I returned to breathe easily and felt very content.  Sorry just wanted to share with you guys.  




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.  














 Why? 




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.

Edited:spelling 
























 Was it in depth? How does it differ than how it is taught in America? 









 I enjoyed his play and I think he can be developed. I think he would be a good pick up now that the Wizards released him. 




 I get that they are above pain and suffering and that death is the easing of suffering but isn't killing yourself killing a living being? What is the point of this? 









 How has nobody done anything to them? 














 Are you more willing to date a guy/girl who normally wouldn't seem attractive superficially but has an incredible talent?

Ed Sheeran effect.. 




 Please... I beg you guys to stop whining about the FO. It hasnt even been a month without Malone.. Shit happens and we move on. OUR OWNERSHIP GAVE YOU A TEAM!!! Why are we questioning them so soon? You all thought a 6-1 start was our championship debut and you are expecting Corbin to jump right in and take us to the championship?

Same people wanting Malone back were crying about his rotations earlier. Have faith please and enjoy. This is the calming before the storm. 









 We were 6-1 leading the league in RPG. Our plays have (I am assuming) the same ones Ty Corbin has been running with Malone since he got here. We have lost our fire and the team is off rhythm... sobbing up and down the floor and losing within winning margins by losing teams. Our TO are HORRIBLE!!

Why get rid of Malone? When we were winning...? Makes no sense unless you wanted to lose perhaps?

Falling bottom ten secures our 1st round pick (which we dont have for a few years), allows newbies developmental time (as we have seen with Nik and Ray. We got Rudy to sign and now we blame Corbin for our failure.. We polish up next year with George Karl. Otherwise I can't make sense of this... 




 Simply up to this point... Whether it will later or not isn't relevant.. 




 Can it happen? Will it happen? 




 Which period in time was most memorable to you and why? 









 What is your view on hunting? For or against it? Why?

Edit: I ask because I am at my SO house and her family are all really huge hunters. I have nothing against guns but we were watching hunting shows and they were shooting bucks... they went into the Bucks home and baited them in the illusion of mating and in turn shot them with a bow. Just doesn't sit right.. 









 I am a salesman and I love one liners.. what do you guys got! 




 They don't hold any biological benefit at all. So why do men have them? 




 What chants do you use and why? 









 I have researched them a good amount and realized what I was practicing was Mahyana I believe... as I look at the other two they all seemed to mesh into what I believed was a singular belief but I guess they are different.. what makes them different
. What is Tibetan Buddhism? 




 I love this band and want to see them but I only have seen them at Coachella... when do they tour Cali? 









 I came to the realization that I have requested not to have a service when I die. It costs a lot of money and I do not want to be mourned. If people would like to remember me, then I request they do it individually. How do you guys feel? 




 I wanna start by thanking the wonderful souls of /r/buddhism for being such amazing colleagues in my spiritual growth. I have made some self realizations and now I am eager to learn more!

I ran into a gentleman awhile back who dressed like a Tibetan Monk trying to sell me prayer beads... I realized he was a Hare Krishna follower... what exactly is that? What is the difference between them and Buddhists? 




 I was pretty amazed at the Bucks history of 3-Point shooters. Michael Redd, J.J. Reddick and Ray Allen. Am I missing any? Why do they develop such good shooters? 









 Just wondering if Buddhists have a deity that they worship. I don't believe Siddartha is one. 




 [SERIOUS] 









 Every time he talks I wanna vomit but im curious about what you guys think. 




 If you tend to "party" a lot... what do you drink to not put on the lbs.? I am a huge Corona drinker but that is counter productive... 




 Should we go for it? Would you trade our 1st rnd pick? 




 I am getting really red, bad looking stretch marks by my armpit area. (Bicep and chest-ish area) Why is this occuring and has anyone experienced it? 

Is there a treatment for it? Its kinda ugly. 
























 Is he not an amazing player? 














  I want to try my best to follow the path to enlightenment.

What do you guys use to help with this?

Wow guys! What awesome feed back! Everyone had some good imput! I wrote a lot of them down and will keep a link to this thread. Keep up the good response s. 



















 I am trying to cut down but cant seem to shake bad eating habits... what are some tips to shaking the habit.

Wow guys... there's a lot of good info here thanks!  




 I believed that it was a huge mistake bring him back to our team.. but he reminds me of how Jackson and Thomas used to light up the floor when the bench comes out. Great hustle and energy. 



















 I read a lot of German Philosophy and was curious on your opinions on which country you feel was the most impact.

Clarify: which area in the world do you feel has produced the highest quality of philosophers and why?

 




 I am transferring to UCSC and if it is cheaper I would live off campus... something look to good to be true and I hear alot of stories of scams... what are some tips and warnings reddit?

I have a girlfriend who would be with me... split rent 




 I am now making plans on transferring for fall 2015. How is the job market? What is the best option for living... renting apartment or on campus housing?  



































































































 1. How is training for a fight with Manny Pacquiao shown to be different then your other fights?

2.  Do you *honestly* plan on retiring at 49-0? Any chance for 50-0?

3.  Who was your toughest opponent to date? 

4. Was there ever a time where you were actually afraid that your opponent may be to much to handle? 

5. Do you think Paquiao lost to Bradley in their first fight? 

Twitter- https://mobile.twitter.com/floydmayweather

Facebook -  https://m.facebook.com/floydmayweather?_rdr 
































































 *twiddles thumbs* 












































 In history,  they never had direct contact to my knowledge. They fought together in the World Wars.  Why did our relationships go sour?  









 This actually happened last year and I can't forget it. I was driving my car to get some food when I hit a stop sign right by the place I wanted to eat. Crossing the street was a man in his mid 20s. He was moving rather slow but he was already to far in front of my car for me to beat him. As he got in front of my car,  he stopped and started looking around slightly but has his head down like he was looking for something. I was patient for about a minute when I came to the conclusion that he must be messing with me. Wrong conclusion.  I decided to honk my horn which startled the man terribly.  The look on his face is burned into my memory.  It was at this moment I realized that this man was mentally handicapped. He was absolutely terrified and ran away!  I felt horrible. I feel horrible.  To this day I remember this story anytime I get frustrated on the road. 


Be patient on the road. It's not worth hurting yourself or others.  




 I purchased Battleship.  You need two people...  Story of my life.




Edit: lol the PM are ridiculous.  You guys are a friendly community!  I kinda meant that no friends available to play...  Hahaha it just hit me that many of you thought I meant absolutely no friends!!  Hah but you guys are super awesome!   




 It made sense.  Now I'm a ichthyophile.  



















 What are the texts I should be studying and knowing that will increase my knowledge and help on my path.  









 Alot of players fall in the draft and still end up being great players others may have gotten.  He is a tall shooter with Dirk potential. His defense isn't horrendous and may spread the floor for Cousins. Being 6'11 and a PF can't hurt.  
























 So I was with this girl for about 2 1/2 years.  Hot girl and really good natured.  VERY TRUSTWORTHY.  I was the flirt.  I was this I was that.  She was just a church girl.  University comes along and girl starts acting different.  I notice she was socializing with some of her coworkers. Told her I wasn't comfortable with it and she said I was over-reacting. I decided 30 different girls is better than 1 girl who is going to play you.  I broke it off, played around and landed a smoking hot girl. 

As for her?  She has been seeing the guy she was "talking"  to for a little while now. Make the right choice.  Not the beta choice.  No pussy is worth losing your cool over...  Ever.  




 So my Gf and I decided to take a spring break trip to go hiking in California about 2 hrs from where I live. We carefully plan the trip as we will leave at 10ish and be there about 12. 
 
So we are driving up to the forest when she tells she wants to check out this small town she used to go to. (check out trinkets and such I guess idk...) I agree and I Google map it.  About 40 min away..  But then I see a couple small roads that look like they cut angles and time off.  And obviously Google maps has no idea WTF it's talking about Ima do *my* shortcut.  Well...  It took us 20 min in and was a dead end... Drive back and go original way.  Gf rolls her eyes pretty hard. 

We leave her trinket town and leave to the forest.  Once again we map it and I see another "brilliant" short cut. She does her half assed attempt to convince me other wise but I was sure it was better. We ended up lost for and hour and a half to only end up 25 min from where we took my shortcut. We proceed with the original plan.. 

The last one was while in the forest. We were a good hour into the trail when we deviated off the trail to see some site seeing. Well to get back we decided to go a different way then our original...  It is a loop.  Wrong...  We ended up wasting and hour and a ton of energy/sunlight. We went the original way and just arrived home.  She is pretty pissed off and asked if she can keep her jewelry where I am supposed to keep my brain... 

TL;DR Went on hike.  Got lost driving.  Got lost again.  Got lost during hike.  Gf thinks I'm an idiot.  I think I'm an idiot. 

On mobile. Sorry.  




 I have seen a lot of references to these names and would like some accurate info to the relevance of them in Buddhism.  







































 How is the overall department?  Professors?  Are there preferable professors or avoidable prof? 


Are there philosophy meet ups?  
























 2327 ad,  male insemination became possible and 2329 ad,  rebirth in of self became possible...  We didn't think of the ramifications!!!!  



















 It seems pretty steep. About 1400 is alot more a month then I pay now for rent,  car and insurance...  Alot more.  Is it better if I rent a room off campus?   
























  Well this is unfortunate to say the least.. It all happened when my mom asked me if I could take her necklace to the jewelers to have it cleaned. First of all,  I didn't know you could clean gold so I laughed.  She explained that they do and how important her necklace is. I guess my father bought it for her years ago before he passed away.  It was a gold necklace with a beautiful gem in the front.  
She wore it a lot and explained it needed some TLC. Fast forward to the drive to the jewelry shop. I decided to stop for some food.  Got my McDonald's and threw the trash in the bag and threw the bag away.  I arrive at the store and that's when I realize I can't find the necklace.  I search everywhere in the car but I can't find it. It occurs to me that it may have fallen into the McDonald's bag when I threw it away.  I drive back to the McDonald's to find the bag right next to the trash bin. Empty.  I lost my mom's necklace that she loved dearly...  I can't see her heart break again or it will destroy me.. So I have decided to make her a new necklace just like the last one.  I have the mold for the necklace and even the gem...  NOW ALL I NEEDS IS SOME GOLD!?!?!  









 If so what is its significance and why does Buddha have it?  



















 Why isn't malaria a huge issue in America like it is in other continents?  





























 Based on ability,  style,  cultural impact/influence, sales,  hits,  longevity etc.  

Who is the greatest of great? 



















 8, 24 or perhaps both...  










































































 He explained "There are two things in the world that you need to know to be successful.  The first is never tell anyone everything you know"  














 I am a guitarist looking to get better at my vocals.  I'm improving but still far away from where I should be.  Is there any site or tube channel worth watching? 

What are good tips to drastically improve my voice?  I greatly appreciate your tips!  














 Daughter 1: Dad,  why did you name me Rose? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Rose petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 2: Dad,  why did you name me Lily? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Lily petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 3: hghghdnbgh!!? dnbgh!??!  nfhriirb!!? Jfjebdjhcb!!??! 

Dad: SHUT THE FUCK UP CINDERBLOCK!  









 Does anyone know why we didn't give him a chance but we gave so many other a chance...  It's hard for me to accept he is worse than Nik.  
























 I am a Kings fan and we are in talks of possibly acquiring Goran.. This upsets me especially with how he is handling your team.  He is upset his brother isn't getting minutes? Upset they signed Thomas? Wants a max deal?  All of this is absurd for a good (not great) player...  


They only got Thomas as insurance and 6th man potential but sounds like he took that personally.  Now your team is going to piss off Thomas by trying to shovel him off in delusional hopes of keeping Dragic... I say trade him and focus on the future.  Good luck.  









 http://youtu.be/A1a5QQoHh60 












































 [Look at this dipshit](/u/train_subject6818)  














 [This is Cousins I bought last year](http://m.imgur.com/IQfAmih) 

[This is my new one...  Of IT22!](http://imgur.com/63VQyLw) 

Been a long time collector of autographs and this one's my favorite yet!  (MJ is by default but let's pretend)  




 I thought he played well and can definitely help play 2 3 stretch.  Fastbreak player with multiple facets on offense...  Does anybody know? 

Edited: *Marshon* 




 M'lady  









 I can't wrap my head around the fact that Cousins agent doesn't like Karl so we can't get him..?  Thank makes no sense to me.  Beef about Karl's son is just ridiculous. Cousins isn't going to come out looking good if we can't close this because his agent isn't gonna get the publicity...  Cousins will.  




 Where did these shows come from?  How come honey boo-boo doesn't get shut down with the filth it portrays?  














 [DELETED]  




 M'lady 












































 Fuck the Lakers 




 I'm telling you man...  Because Love and Rondo may go there and Kobe leaving soon...  And the Lakers fan base... They did the Cavaliers shit again...  




 Kobe has to much power...  




 Yea...  About that...  




 Told you...  




 Told you...  Haha 




 I believe we are gonna get a top 5... 




 Got it...  




 Yea...  But this is the Kings sub..  So fuck the Lakers.  




 Shit...  No I didn't... Deals off the table...  Gtfo of my office.  




 Are you kidding me!!!!  We are talking about Casspi the GOAT...  That's like asking us for Hollins..  You out of your mind? 









 Are you kidding???  We have to give up Landry AND Casspi...  Get out of dodge 




 I don't know one fan who actually thought this trade was gonna happen.  




 Im so confused with this question...  




 DON'T INTERRUPT THE MAN!  




 Honestly..  I doubt it.  [Here's a video that details the downside of union](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Gim8_5D2fA)  




 Yea but we did not have nearly as much attraction to open business down there now.  




 Fact...  I spoke to God about this.  




 Hopefully...  That's be awesome.  




 Getting rid of the dead K St mall will also breathe life into newer retail to position around that area. Restaraunts and hopefully night life.  I just worry about natomas falling  away. 


We also can't forget that we are building a soccer stadium for a team who may potential be picked up by the MLS... Big things people 




 Let's think...  We are putting a multi million dollar arena in the heart of downtown. We have huge hotel brands bidding on putting hotels near the arena and already have talks of improving the skyline.  I project the Kings to start being a contender in a short amount of time. This is a good time for sacramento to try and make huge strides. 


The drought hurts us alot but I honestly feel that in ten years,  downtown will be unrecognizable to an extent.  




 Midtown stomp 




 She does...  Because they paid her to do this video...  




 No you must declare by 2nd semester I believe  




 [/r/Prostitutestories](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) has alot of these.  









 THANKS REDDIT!!!  I might start a sub if anyone likes this song and wants me to do another.  




 Yea..  YouTube has a big area for covers of songs.  So I put my out a few months ago.  Glad you liked it.  




 I know.  I have been training for such a long time.  I don't mean to have people come in expecting me to be terrible. Sorry to disappoint you.  




 I like these stories but stuff like this are meant to be moments in people's lives that benefit humanity...  Not cheap stores to post to go viral... 


It makes it lose its appeal.  




 10/10 would *Putin* their dicks 




 Thanks! I've been singing for awhile and would love everyone's feedback.  




 Awesome!  Thanks for the correction.  




 If this is real...  This is the saddest thing I have ever read...  This guy is fucked up.  




 I only know you replied if you reply to the message itself.  


From my knowledge of transfers and what counselors have told me, you can change your major as long as you meet the requirements for that said major it shouldn't be an issue.  If the major is impacted or requires certain criteria such as GPA approvals and such per major,  then those must be met as well as deadlines if there are some. 


As far as I have heard,  TAGs cannot change.  That may be wrong but that is what I heard.  Hope this helps.  Call your advisor or the counseling office at the University.  




 Was it a TAG transfer?  




 Edit: Wow guys!  There is a sub reddit for awesome covers kinda like this!!!  Check it out [/r/music_coverz] (https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) 



They were good but their harmonies were off.  Each of their individual voices were amazing but weren't very harmonized. 


[Here's a cover I did for the song myself to show at least I know what I'm talking about](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)  




 If this is a novelty video on you having fun with friends..  By all means this is a cool video of what you can do if your great with survival skills!  


A little more disclosure or clarification of the context of the video would be helpful but I think you are very good at what you do!  My worry was that some may take this in the wrong way. That's all champ.  









 #wutm8?  




 Alot of towns have nothing wrong but people leave for no reason...  Actually they are great to visit!  Chernobyl is a international landmark...  Visit it this summer if you can.  




 This wasn't actually *that* bad.  




 I like the part where he threatens to kill her...  That's my favorite.  




 I'm pretty young at heart.  I play sports,  party,  and socialize but also love school.  I think I could laugh the kids off most of the time 




 Where has ISIS attacked America on US soil.  Sources are appreciated. I would still not grant you as much because US is to far and to reluctant to go to war.  Look at Syria.  Israel is on the front line.  




 Threats are different than attacks...  They haven't attacked the US.  Otherwise your point would be valid.  




 So what your saying is you had a cock in your mouth...  




 Ha 




 I likes ya...  And I wants ya... We can do this the easy way or the hard way.  




 It isolates you and says look...  These people are bad..  They don't like you but we will protect you.  Come with us..

 




 Terrorists using scare tactics to terrorize? 

Well that's different 




 Knife attack in Israel isn't top priority on terrorists attacks...  Shit I think that is one of the only ones they could pull off.  Israel has been putting up with this shit for years...  ISIS is no different. The counter terrorist group is Israel is one of the best in the world. ISIS has picked on countries who are in shatters due to war... Jordan or Israel would murder ISIS. The bully never picks on the one that fights back.   




 /r/circlejerk  




 Because Israel is actually strong as fuck...  ISIS would be destroyed.  I'm not disagreeing with foreign support I just don't believe that is the reason why they aren't attack Israel.  Truth is they wouldn't stand a chance.  




 Starting to miss Saddam...  




 Allah 




 "Due to rapid onset food poisoning,  Al-shabein octzakar is no longer receiving visitors. Please find another sheep."  









 You literally posted a video on reddit that isn't stabilized,  that's vertical and has no way of even seeing the video because it's pitch dark about kids fucking around on a roof and no one got injured....  And you expected upvotes?  




 *points at sign* 

Sir..  Please don't feed the trolls.  




 Darude has good music.  Sandstorm is one of their top hits.  




 "HI!  I'm Taylor Swift.  I am a professional musician who makes hateful songs about my ex.  Wanna get coffee sometime?"  




 Mouth HANDIES are the best 




 [This is a good one](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/36c21c/kanye_wests_performance_at_billboard_music_awards/crco30n)  




 Sounds like my card.  PM me the name,  number,  civ,  and exp.  Date 




 I rode the trail a ton. Be vigilant and aware. I rode/ride the trail for over 5/6 years and never had an incident.  Doesn't mean there aren't any. Be smart and be aware and you I'll be fine.  You're at a bigger risk of getting a flat and a dick ass road biker won't help you ha 




 Pixies,  Purity Ring, Panama, Tyler the creator,  chromeo? LET'S GO SACRAMENTO!  




 General consensus agrees with me..  Faggot isn't a nice thing to say buddy.  




 :( 




 You are a cunty Canadian huh?  




 There was absolutely no booing in this... Was it during the clips of the whole audience dancing and smiling?  




 Well depends...  We have a woman in the US name Bruce Jenner so..  I guess it could be 




 I was at this game.  




 Yea dumb fuck.  




 Well that's definitely a boy...  Named Calvin...   




 This is on my list of things not to do if you want to live.  




 This police state bullshit is getting old.  You endanger yourself so much more and make a mountain out of a mole hill.  I'm just over it.  




 Lol 









 Haha dick 




 My bad Bro..  I'll PM for permission next time.  




 Nice. Did he seem to fit in well? I hear alot that the main issue is alot of the brothers are alot younger so sometimes they just don't sync well.  




 I'm a transfer and 23.. Will be 24 next semester...  Is that to old?  




 Lol that sucks  




 Yea depending on your age,  I like fair oaks and folsom. I live in Carmichael but all are decent areas. Folsom is a lot classier and nicer.  




 I'm more interested in Bernie Sanders...  




 For obvious reasons 




 Where the fuck is her ass?  




 Wait what happened?  




 Kinda my point.  I said take it for what it is..  I wouldn't rely solution anyone else.  They are helpful but can only do so much 




 Yea...  We should offer incentive to build more.  Like a tax break to companies.  




 I looked it up and what I read is they can be poisonous to eat if you do not prepare right.  Nausea and headaches can be death when your om an island.  




 Fair oaks, Carmichael, Orangevale, even citrus heights lol 




 Yes 






































































































































 Because now I have a headache that has lasted since Saturday and I don't have $100 to spend on Tylenol..  














 Hello gents! I am in the market for a pitchfork that is capable of destroying a mob/riot while still can start one if need be.  Does not need to be automatic but I would like a built in body cam on the handle in case of an altercation.  I also heard that the rioters in Baltimore are virtually undetectable at night so thermoscope or built in light is a must!  Help me out guys!!!  Paying big money!  






















































 He said "I don't tend to read into things"  







































 So my SO and I went on a day trip to take pictures with her new camera. We traveled down to the river where she was taking pictures carelessly as we walked down to the river. At the river, there is a bridge that overlooks the river with some nice vantage points. She resumes her photo session of taking pictures of the scenery when after a short while we decided to call it quits. We begin the hike up back to the car when she decides to look at her photographs. in one of the photographs, we see a man in the picture and we start joking about who this man was. We decided to zoom in on the picture and lo behold.... [I am pretty sure this man was exposing himself while eerily looking at us!](http://i.imgur.com/YmKbNGx.jpg) I am not sure but I am pretty confident that this is what is going on in the picture! Extremely disheartening for someones first photo shoot!

TL;DR Went to the river with Gf to take pictures... ended up accidently catching an old mans pork and beans. 







































 I played all fucking 82 games in my player...  Went to the playoffs and accidently press play key game.  Fucking Kings go down 3-0 Vs elimination for first round. I had 52 pts, 10 asts, and close to 6 stls. We are down by one and I get the ball with 5 seconds left and try to call timeout...  But I hit the Xbox button...  GAME over.  I Chris Webber choked playoff style.  




 Not yet 




 What was courageous about what seems like a publicity stunt by the most publicity hungry family in history. Courage isn't seeking public affirmation...  Courage is doing what you feel is right for you no matter the consequence. This whole thing disturbs me. 


Prep the down votes.  









 This is a genuine question  




 Ok.  




 /r/oddlysatisfying 




 wat?  









 Why ugh  




 It's so fucking difficult with this restraining order to have a good conversation.  




 TIL that the Trade Center finished....  




 That's a serious collection 









 Not referring to my post..... But thanks bud 




 Repost but always nice to see.  




 KWhy do people fucking down vote this 




 C'mon...  I definitely have haha  




 WTF.........!!!!!!?????  




 Not particularly 














 I do not let Westbrook do anything...  He just is unstoppable.  
























 Wow!  Didn't know about this one.  It's $45 for general admission lol [definitely going to it](http://hardrockcasinolaketahoe.com/entertainment-events/3rd-annual-lake-tahoe-reggae-festival/)  




 I'm going but I think it's august..  If your are talking about dirty heads and slightly stoopid. 














 I went to cali roots and tribal seeds put on an amazing show. Naoko had the best performance.  Jboog is always good and Josh Heinrich rarely tours.  It'll be worth it for sure.  




 I'd assume just Google the name 




 Bet you're a hoot at parties...  




 Yea man Josh Heinrich doesn't come around alot.  I'm pretty stoked 




 It is called [dry diggings festival](http://drydiggingsfestival.com/) and it's in Placerville.  


Quality bands that resemble a day like Cali Roots. If you love reggae,  than you should be proud of sacramento for this.  




 On a couch with Anna Kendrick and Emma Watson wearing comic book themed pajamas with cats all over while Elon Musk is on his way over for a foursome he will later do an AMA on....   




 Shit...  What you know about the Baltimore slide yo 




 I just see alot of spam. Kinda got annoyed sorry 




 Why do you post this shit here...  




 I'd say I'm leaning towards watching.  




 That's pretty cool actually 




 I'm not trying to sound ignorant, foolish or rude by this.  I just can't understand why baseball has such an enormous following.  It takes so long and rarely is there action and when there is it is very short. This time of year is coming close to one of my least favorite times when other sports end and baseball is left.  Why do you enjoy it so maybe I can see something I'm missing.  




 Reddit formula...  See a post with good reception.  Take the idea and add a stupid twist for karma..    




 Yea man sorry to hear that.  I would consider talking to an admissions counselor and finding out the appeal process...  May be an up Hill battle  




 Per transfer contract you must maintain 2.0 GPA in all registered classes and maintain a good status with your college...  


Unfortunately yes...  They will rescind your admission.  There are appeal processes so good luck but it's time to find a 2nd option... 


My question...  How the fuck did you fail theatre?  




 I recommend a bathroom

Edit: and by bathroom...  I mean in the toilet....  




 This.  




 No I don't want any other team than the Kings to win...  I just hate harden,  Howard and especially terry for how he did sacramento.  




 Because man do I fucking hate Terry...  




 I was driving with my SO today when I saw a Clarks pest control car. I decided that it would be funny to yell "Clark we need you"  which is their slogan...  Well I yelled it.. 

The guys expression which reeked of FML just glared at me.  Not an ounce of amusement..   He then looked genuinely sad which honestly made me sad. Now I look like a fucking ass hole for trying to be funny.. 

Tl;Dr I needed Clark but he didn't care..  









 Thib would be an upgrade to alot of teams....  




 I have?  




 That was my 2nd one 




 Cheers..  




 22 is still eh... T swift sings about you... 


23 is like...  Fuck we got Miley Cyrus...  




 I was watching the news today when I saw a story of a girl about 19 years old. The news program kept explaining that a *Woman* did this and a *woman* did that.... 


But I kept saying to myself that she is just a girl...  A kid.  I'm 23 and I'm still just a kid. Then I fucked up... 


I am a man...  Not a kid anymore.  It is a sad day today.  Beer is to be consumed... 

Tl;Dr I'm fucking old..  




 Oh my apologies...  Still a great team nonetheless.. They still had DWILL for a little.  Ended 11th in the west 




 2010 jazz stick out to me.  


Devon Williams,  AL Jefferson,  Paul Milsap,  Derrick Favors,  Gordon Hayward...  Alot of talent 









 He made the play and the point...  Fuck Deron "nobody"  Williams. 


But damn...  The jazzed were stacked a few years back.  




 Do Kobe  




 Csuf  




 The symptoms of a bite fucking suck no matter what. Infection is prevalent as well.  In regards to snakes,  rattle snakes are the only ones in sac to worry about.  




 Winner 




 Explain 




 This was my thought when I asked the question.  




 None in the river...  On the trail...  You will definitely run into one eventually.  Riding my bike on the bike trail,  I will see maybe a dozen rattle snakes in a summer.  Stay away...  Very dangerous.  




 I meant to man times but you can choose something from now to take back..  




 Fair enough...  I bid you good morrow sir and let the gods take care of you.  




 Valid answer.  




 I'm assuming *their currency* right?  




 Shooting the others doesn't allow the Caesar to release you and you only have so many bullets..  




 Goal is to have the most successful survival situation. 

Keep in mind you have to get out.  Killing the other gladiators doesn't force the guards to release you. Have fun. 


Give an explanation as well.  




 Just protest them protesting so much...  I'm sure it would stop! :)  




 Cal is constantly protesting...  So you chose UCSC lol 




 Let's be safe and say no downtown past 11 without male company  




 Let's maybe give a brief description of the channel..  









 Every year I listen to Grant Napier and Pollard always gives a detailed draft analysis before and after and man that guys is always dead on.  The last three years he has predicted great players and the busts...  Why don't we hire him since we have shown our staff is crap.  




 I'm sure he's used to it by now..  Nothing to alien to him.  




 No!  Beastiality will get you locked up!  We need a better plan 









 I love how early this sub gets these songs out!  




 This guy actually has amazing song covers!  [Check him out](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)  




 Fuck g Street...  I honestly hate all the saddle wearing tourists that walk all over your personal beach!  You have your now and if not go down to fucking K Street...  









 Do you think it's fucking real...?  Please think about your answer before you respond...  




 No 




 Ayn*


Because Objectivism is the philosophy of high school students and college freshman to rebel with but she puts it in everyone's face. She is considered one of the top writers story wise but a bad philosopher and very pushy with her point.  




 Ahhhh the old reddit [drug-a-roo](http://www.reddit.com/r/thatHappened/comments/3756dk/kid_steals_from_store_and_is_confronted_by_police/crkd6aq?context=1)  




 Distance is relative 




 You're right...  It was pretentious.  




 WTF...  Idk what you were trying to say lol 




 The man in the moon?  Been here since creation...  Names Walter. Don't be a dick and introduce yourself next time
 




 Tis nothing but foolery my gent. Be aware of swindlers and gypsys when trading.  




 Ah!  The sought after Kryptonite Bar!  It will fare me well in my superman lynching! You have a deal townsman!  Happy lynching to you sir.  




 Ah but alas!  We have a liar in our midst.  You advertised only 1 good sir. That was my interest in ye fork in the first place.  Had I known there was a second,  I reckon my interest would not have peaked!   




 *Yall know me,  still the same old green.  hated on by most these nigga with no rings... No deals and D. No chance and no dream. No MVPs. Mad at me because I can finally provide my team with good threes* 




 Ahhhh but I see you are nothing but a mere swindler...  I see that you have already accepted another proposition for the same pitchfork...  I may use these pitchforks on you old sport.  




 The Joker or Bane are my favorites... Anakin is another one.   




 Top of the mornin to ya!  I am here to inquire about your rare ////-#. I have these to offer:

1. ==-------- This is the Hitchfork. Use it to hook whoever you are mobbing! Handle made from iron cooler in unicorn blood. 

2. ==}----------- This is my old treasure.  Made from bits of real Dragons, this for was used during the French and  American Revolution and actually reused in the watts riots.  Very good fork. 

I bid you good morrow sire!  If you would be so kind to reply by next sun up for these forks are on the move! 
 




 I can only compare my experience watching Kobe to my dad's watching Jordan and you watching LeBron.  Truly amazing.  




 Doable 









 It snows alot.  Bring a toboggan.  




 Dude you literally have the creepiest user history...   




 Bucks would be a real threat then 









 Yea it's insane..  It just hit me while watching 









 Blues!  A really good band.  The owner said he was working on different ideas for live music.  It's all under a lighted outdoor patio...  




 For quick grooming of missed spots or stray hairs. Important to look your best.  




 Went there last night and realized it is a hidden get right in old fair oaks.  Good beers with great prices and food. Very modern hip look and best of all...  live music! If your looking for a mellow Sunday or relaxing night for a drink...  Def check it out.  


It's new so closes around 11. 




 I don't think of natomas..  




 Yea but since I referred patriot...  I figured might as well refer down the street 




 Patriot bikes is on Madison and San Juan. Another inexpensive place is performance bikes on Sunrise and Madison.  




 Is there a reason it is prolonged?  




 I was at patriot bikes the other day and they had nice single speeds for around your budget.  They can order the bike and may take a few days to assemble but would be a good place to start.  


Working in the bike industry,  I'd say that 300 is gonna be a tough time but good luck to you. Are long boards out of the picture?  









 I don't always drink...  But when I do,  it's because I'm thirsty..  




 Yea..  Every att customer ha 




 Can someone please explain fight Club to me?  




 Maybe OP has those child bearing hips women love so much.  




 I don't get why you're getting downvoted you added about the same amount to the dialogue as I did
 




 I don't like their meat..  Here!  Wanna try my meat?  









 Tom hanks went to Sac state...  So there that...   




 Ok that's pretty interesting  




 I'd be OK with that but I don't know if we need to give up our pick or swap it 




 Yes I've studies this and am aware but I still honestly can say I hate most songs on the radio and dislike songs I hear over and over.  




 Yes.  I actually do judo lol 









 I'd let her throw me....  




 I plan on joining a fraternity.  I was thinking of doing maj/min and if I can then I can just finish my minor while doing my masters 




 Good job boogie!  




 This team of is on the verge of being great.  




 Thnx 




 I major in Philosophy but am interested in Environmental studies.  




 What I mean is,  did you find it unbearable or was it at least attainable through hard work?   




 Plagiarism is the correct term and the academia gods are harsh.  




 Why do companies think we give a fuck about past Internet celebrities...  I find this actually distracting 




 Stupid corporate fundie...  New name is comcast 




 *yea yea mod of the year* 




 Sources are key to informing plebes...  




 Of course..  Now they land...  Towns or Okafor.... Sad life...  
























 Some subscribers would be nice 




 I was joking...  




 If your mom was here and she heard you tell that joke...  You'd get an ear full for sure 




 Oak Park or Del paso 




 .... Or he have a max signing in place..  There are lot of free agents that we can make bids for.  




 Wait what?  




 Plastic Ono is better 




 Yea...  That's softball.  




 Dirty paws is a very likeable song by most.

 




 I was worried about this...  Weekend fling went to long.  









 Right...?  Doesn't make sense 




 It happens alot 




 BORNS is sick.  It's actually only him.  




 Good job!  




 I almost edited my response.  I think that's what took from the album.  The classic commercializing of the band happened.  They made the sex appeal the lead and raggi sits back when he was just as important.  Watch the hood morning America video that someone posted...  He just looks different. It's sad.  




 That motherfucker 




 This guy teaches us how to cut wood...  Now he teaches us to cut onions! 




 He turned into a lion at the end...  




 That three was it for me...  Dova can fuck my girl  




 Yea im seeing them at city of trees festival.  




 Crystals - mainstream hit. Pleasant yet different. 

Human -  nice lyrics and a little upbeat. 

Hunger -  Same as human.  Definitely a little more of a tune. 

Wolves with teeth -  Honestly I feel this is my favorite song.  A nice different vibe.  Good song to throw off the vibe of the other songs. 

Empire -  great lyrics and nice upbeat tune. 

Slow Life -  I feel most are gonna let this slip through the cracks.  It honestly is a gem of a song.  A little slower but lyrically great

Organs -  probably the next hit.  Lyrically sublime where I feel instrumentality,  the band reached the deepest.  Integration of the cello was just a treat. 

Black water -  kinda takes me back to MHIAA. 

Thousand Eyes -  Slow start up but a great entry into eye of the storm.  Cool drum sequence that actually is pretty intense. 

I of the storm -  My favorite single.  This song is lyrically deep and actually quite similar IMO to crystals. Awesome song. 

We sink - One of the more fun songs on the album. 

In all the album is everything I anticipated.  I saw them Saturday so that made this all the more worth it. I feel like they artistically didn't venture out like I wished but lyrically I feel it was deeper.  The songs are quote repetitive in sound but each demands it's own identity. Another great album by an amazing band.  




 Introduce a little anarchy 




 Dude this bitch is fucking ugly 




 Open some pussy.  Fuck your cake day 




  Fuck your cake day 




 I really honestly love every song.  Wolves without teeth is fun!  Slow life is just as good as any. Thousand eyes is intense and is an amazing build up. Organs is sick as any hit.  Same with humans. 

Only issue is that lot of songs sound repetitive. But that's like being fed cake over and over again. Kind of a good problem to have!  My favorite right now is probably wolves.  




 Fuck your cake day.  




 Shot fired!!  




 Loaded question!  Don't answer!!  




 I'm guessing it's loading 




 If the Chinese put it on there...  I believe there's a fucking reason.  




 Don't tell me what to do with my toggles.  




 Bro...  WTF...  First off,  this reeks scam. 


2nd
.. You live in a world where you can literally put yourself out there.  Fuck this. My rule is if you have to pay to benefit them...  Scam.  




 If she is single...  And anyone here has a chance...  There is no way in hell I'd let any of you get her before I did.  Truth.  




 So yea..  Fuck this guy 




 Let us know what you think!  




 Are you sure you're a condom and not a dick? Because you're supposed to wrap your tool...  Not be a tool..  




 NO SPEAKING FUCKING SPUDNIK AT THE TABLE!  




 Do you know a guy named worm?  




 Really?  I liked the apple showing with Drake.  It was the best they ever had.  




 31 people found it funny.  I brought joy to someone.  Fuck off and find something better to do. Go smoke some swag.  




 :( I hope you find it.  




 You're hella funny...  I'm trolling buddy 




 Thick means a girl who has ass and thighs...  Haven't you ever heard a rap song.  




 Huh 




 White trash mud wrestling... I still don't see a problem. 


BONUS: This is probably the cleanest their hair has ever been. So good it's almost orgasmic. 




 They were supposed to be the 8th lol all good tho 




 It's funny...  By most standards... She's a very basic average girl.  I have heard some say ugly.  


For whatever reason,  I think she is so ridiculously cute.  Her voice and accent just make her adorable.  




 I don't understand what's bad about this video... 

-Both women will be arrested and will better society by being gone.  

-The kid will hopefully be put in a better home and given a chance to succeed. 

-Two less people in line at Walmart.  BONUS: One less fat lazy person stealing a scooter from an elderly person

-visual entertainment during a boring Monday. 

These rednecks should be given an award IMO.  









 Decisions on an international scale in regards to economy right?  UN and NATO handle international affairs regarding war,  etc. Right?  




 What are the repercussion for Putin not being allowed in? 




 [That bitch is thicker than a bowl of oatmeal](http://youtu.be/eusysgjOCIs)  




 It amazes me when us Americans see some thing as simple as this and we are in awe.  First world country with cameras,  electric cars and computer phones yet we use it to film a guy cutting a mango.  




 This is my point.  Also making him more susceptible to physical ailments and injuries 




 I would definitely give admissions a call.  Reddit is not the only source of info.  I would call and find out.  Good luck!  I would put my money on that we will see you in the fall.  




 You must have accepted SIR before due date..  Idk who was advising you in your colleges but I accepted on SIR and eventually rescinded once I chose UCSC.  There is no consequence for accepting SIR and then deciding otherwise other than SIR fee. 

Even if you did accept SIR,  you will not meet their requirements either as all UC and CSU require good standings with institution and [C minimum in all classes attended in spring 2015.](http://admissions.ucsc.edu/apply/conditions-faq.html)  




 I would definitely begin CC application as a precaution. Contract states no D's but you may be able to try and appeal.  Good luck.  




 Idk why these keep getting posted..  Just search for the same question. 


You were already admitted.  They gave you a contract that states as long as you don't get/do "X"  you will be attending in the fall. Your GPA already got you in.  Unless it states anywhere in your contract of a GPA requirement (which to my knowledge it doesnt)  you are fine.

Contract states that you must attain at least C's on your final classes. Sounds like you did that.  




 Khan has a glass chin and is only been used for money purposes for the British population.  Any person who says either stands a chance is foolish.  I'd rather get my bang for my buck and have a HOF fighter who gave him his best run fight rather than a guy who just has popular support.  




 Thank you!  




 I actually like bud light...  




 Lol no...  I have been asking for it for months now on this sub.  Cotto was Mayweather toughest opponent and I don't wanna see Khan...  









 I am not trying to be a troll...  But do you guys remember Mayweather Vs Ortiz 24/7?

This guy is super emotional and I feel mentally unstable.  Nobody considers him relevant.  All he is is a roadblock to bigger fights.  I honestly felt that him and DE LA Hoya had a fling or something. They were just odd together and this doesn't stretch that.  They could have both been coked out since de la hoya went to rehab. 


This is all speculation and opinion.  




 What?  I'm sure they just gave him some craft bud til he was floating on air.  




 Even for a superstar,  those are some extreme minutes.  Do you think Lebron is going to fatigue?  









 Fuck off 




 The irony is ridiculous.  




 Stop crying,  they took off an upvote.  




 Sounds like they may be making teams potentially waste a pick so lower teams can possibly get someone better.  Good strategy.   




 Eventually I got in and it said it wasn't available yet...  This was like a few months ago 




 No lol 









 I knew he rapped because his rookie year day in the life showed him talking about his love for rapping.  




 This 




 I had trouble...  If I'm not mistaken,  your blue is different from your gold ND you have to set it up seperatley
 




 I have been to three festivals this year...  I just got back from walk off the earth 2 days ago.... OMAM were the best concert and performance I have been to.  Nanna has an incredible voice....  They have single handedly deemed themselves the best band I can see in person.  Please see them in person.  




 DON'T TELL PEOPLES WTF BERNICE NEEDS!  




 I'm not saying it is...  Merely stating that it kinda reminds me of it.. I'm speaking of right now in Sacramento.  




 This cracked me up ha 




 I'm not tryna be rude but why was it Unattended...  That sounds like a lot was put into it 




 Another one and say* 









 The perfect kid catcher...   




 She does but she already had this...  I'm worried about the less fortunate 




 Comcast will give *us* $5 for multiple outages but still over charge us in the monopoly hole they created!?  Ima buy 5 cheeseburgers!  




 Why is this here? Print this out and put it on Watt Ave... I hope none of us will ever need this.  




 OMAM is my favorite band.  I love MHIAA more than I can explain...  Nanna is gorgeous and their style was slick.  I heard crystals and thought WTF...  They sold out.  I was pissed off. Listened to it a few times and it grew on me. As did every single they put out (except I of the storm.  I loved that immediatly) They are growing and they changed. For the better.  Nanna and Raggie said this was a chance to open up.  *this* is the real OMAM.  I love it. Keep listening and you will too.  




 This band really sets the bar high for artists...  Their show was incredible. They made the audience be involved which was sick.  The bands chemistry is incredible. They all rotated to the front and lead at least once. Played every song you wanted to hear and even played the whole band on one guitar deal.  It was sick.  I've been to a ton of festivals including cali roots a few weeks ago...  This had been the best concert yet. Go if you haven't..!  




 I blame it on th e shitty tswift  




 I'm so excited for this album 




 Sick!  I see them Saturday at BFD 









 This!  Please for the love of all that is godly...  Notify Obama 




 Enhance if possible.  









 Point being there is such things as undersized players...  Hell,  I'd love to have another SG if he panned out...  




 I'd assume one or the other..  




 Ben Wallace was 6'9"... 




 Mclemore...  




 How was human?  




 Try sitting into classes that are full...  Dropout happen...  If you want it fight for it.  




 Crashing thisndiet diet!!!! WITH NO SURVIVOR!  




 Girls -  slow magic 




 "Stop Mr. Jones!!!!", I screamed.  It was all to real.  I couldn't believe that it happened again.  My stuffed bear was touching my penis again. Mr. Jones was a beige colored stuffed bear with a missing button eye. Oh how he was a friend of mine.  We used to do everything together.  Fish,  hike,  sleep.  Man we were inseparable.  Then as we got older,  Mr. Jones became to close.  He would whisper obscenities in my ear as I slept like "Leonardo will never get an Oscar." or "Just do it!  Yesterday you say tomorrow,  so just.....  DO IT!". One time I woke up and I saw Mr.  Jones playing with himself watching me as I slept.  Sure I was wearing some nice,  comfortable, elastic less,  tag-less Hanes underwear with a logo of Space Jam on it. Mr.  Jones whispered under his breath.... "what's up doc". Mr. Jones copulated with me that night. As he pulled down my Hanes underwear that you can find at any target store for about $7.99 for a pack of 3, I realized that I had the slightest erection. It wasn't extremely high like you get when wearing a pair of Jordan high top sneakers, which you can find for appx. $100 at your local shoe store. No,  this erection let me know that I was ready to jam my piece into Mr. Jones. I slept that night. I awoke a new man.  Rejuvenated!  Alive!  Revived like a man who was worn down but had a fresh glass of Gatorade, which is a high performance energy drink engineered to allow you to perform at you peak ability which you can buy at any store for $3.00. I felt like I was set to explode! Like the Charlotte Bobcats will once we establish a firm grip on our front office direction,  which tickets can be purchased at www.nba.com/bobcats. Ticket prices may vary.  So come see us!!!" 

-  Michael Jordan **(Career highlights and awards6NBA champion(19911993,199619986NBA Finals MVP(19911993,199619985NBA Most Valuable Player(1988,19911992,1996,199814NBA All-Star(19851993,19961998,200220033NBA All-Star Game MVP(1988,1996,199810All-NBA First Team(19871993,19961998All-NBA Second Team(1985NBA Defensive Player of the Year(19889NBA All-Defensive First Team(19881993,19961998NBA Rookie of the Year(1985NBA All-Rookie First Team(198510NBA scoring champion(19871993,199619983NBA steals champion(1988,1990,19932NBA Slam Dunk Contest champion(19871988NBA All-Time playoff scoring leaderChicago Bulls all-time leading scorerNo. 23retired by Chicago BullsNo. 23retired by Miami Heat3xAP Athlete of the Year(1991,1992,19932xUSA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year(19831984)NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time TeamNCAA champion(19822 Consensus first-teamAll-American(19831984)National college player of the year(1984)ACC Player of the Year(1984)No. 23retired by North Carolina)** 




 She was doing what was right...  Defending the father of her two kids who wasn't ready to come out. At least she's done *Something* which wasn't purely for attention..  




 /r/Santacruz 




 It is true... 

Source: Google  




 Sort of like a penis but named Louis and not funny or intelligent.. 

Source: Google 




 Things are going well


FTFY Bitch 




 Worst case of hemorrhoids ever...  




 Every Comcast customer...  




 I am seeing them in 2 days 




 The day I was born..  :( 




 Future Darwin award recipient.  




 Every poem /u/poem_for_your_sprog does 




 Hold on - Rivvrs 

Seeing stars (acoustic) - Borns

I of the storm (Of monsters and men) 




 Instincts.... Evolution... You know...  Shit like that 




 I would have alot of cats...  And alot of clothes that smell like cat piss.... 




 You get alot of meat watching Magic Mike...  









 Yes 




 Lolol 




 All good man.  Try Craigslist.  Alot of kids from college may be looking for some summer rooming.  




 Well fuck...  Your ad is just soooooooooooooo fucking inviting...  




 Bank error in your favor.  




 No...  It's the word of god 




 No... I'd recommend a different thread like Craigslist...  




 dude...  WTF 




 /r/tifu or for you perhaps check out /r/gaybros 




 They are nice boxes..  




 Makes sense!  I was wondering when I ate it why did it taste like catfish...  




 What can they do if they are purely put into farms and slaughter houses like the Holocaust?  




 Learned helplessness...?  Same psychological principle used to understand why humans do the very same thing..  




 Would we cease eating animals?  Would reparations be in tact if we found we could communicate with them as well?  




 [reminds me of these fuckers...]( https://youtu.be/gzJROPln6Ys)  




 These aren't supposed to be melting...  




 Ice in California!!!???  Fuck no...  We put dirt in our water.  




 Be a man and let me come again.  




 The jokes not that bad if you pretend it's funny 




 I came up with this at the store buying lettuce...  Gimme a break 




 Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome 




 I think his phone auto corrected to DTF haha 




 You can...  Play next key game Sims games until it's elimination...  But I appreciate you trying...  
























 (   ) 




 Documentary about this guy's porn addiciton 




 Yea but it's time to add some zest into our cowbell hate...  Denver seems just like the perfect city to hate.  




 You have our ex coach and ex GM...  You have swirled around in trade rumors consistently and are virtually a comparable team to the Kings and the Lakers are to shitty to hate...  So there ya go 




 Yea...  [about that](http://www.reddit.com/r/denvernuggets/comments/3aciqm/what_is_up_with_the_negativity_of_this_sub/).... 

r/kings is actually a super friendly and inviting sub.  But when you post stuff regarding a star player with no credible source either for karma *or* out of bad choice...  That's when they have come out.  We haven't been abrasive and we are open to all opinionated questions...  Shit I post multiple bad posts a month and still get treated well here.  It's how you may be coming across especially as a moderator or r/denvernuggets and judging another sub.  




 Cousins upside is huge as a scoring center.  I am overjoyed to have him for 3 years.  His attitude improved under Malone so I'm convinced he will be better again.  His contract is good for being arguably the best center in the league.  Many years looking forward boogie.  




 Fuck r/nba who down vote anybody who isn't general opinion.  You guys are Pao/Hitler.  




 Yea but that's not unwritten rules of reddit.  Unwritten rules are down vote if they don't agree..  




 Why is that?  




 I live Thompson and get ripped on here constantly (semi justifiably)  but who is going to take Landry's injured shitty self?  


Fareid  JT.   




 Assuming WCS is gone..   Would you take this?  Fareid is still a great player and not bad on price.  We'd lose alot by dropping JT and eventually we can write off Landry. What do you think about it? 


Edit: What if WCS is available?  




 But he is George Karl...  So we won't be worse.  




 Yea it is definitely a new rival.  









 /r/leagueofshadows 




 INB4 downvotes

 




 RIP Mr.  Lawn...  




 Sunflower cafe

FTFY 




 This...  And damn near this only 




 I want the Cotto fight as I have said many times in this sub.  But we won't get that til after canelo cotto.  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Fuck your cake day 




 But Khan deserves a Mayweather  fight.  He has trained and prepped for the fight.  Does he stand a chance cell IMO....  No but he has wearied it and besides GGG and Garcia...  I don't think there's anyone else other than Cotto IMO...  (only because cotto gave Mayweather an entertaining fight.)  Give Khan his fight no matter how shitty it's gonna be. There honestly isn't anyone else. (I'd take a Danny Garcia fight too.)  




 Sure but they haven't been writing about the Kings for 6 months...  They have been focusing on the playoffs... If they have it was pure speculation because I neverneveheard anybody talking talking about  d'allesandro leaving...  That is important whether we assumed it or not...  All I heard was "George Karl trading Cousins..." 

Oh BTW...  I'd check your calender..  I think it's broken 




 *"playoffs are over..  I  want 1500 words of bs on my desk by Monday.  MAKE IT RIDICULOUS OR ELSE"* 




 What doesn't the little fuck do...  




 All good nothing but growth.  All in good sport.  




 Lol I'm weak 




 Fuck man..  Curry went 7th... People sleeping on draft day.  "Here's lawson a guy we need to get rid of.  Let me take your shitty 6th pick...?"   C'mon man.  6th is a good pick in what looks like a good draft.  




 Just about to say this....  About time we got some quality names thrown. Lou,  Cousins,  Gay,  and Collison?  Pshhh get out.  That's a squad. 

Edit: I'm assuming we still have our pick.  




 Haha we hate Hickson more I'm sure. In all I'd love to have Ty but not for our pick.  If you wanted to trade up and dump salary I'd do that. And take Hickson and dump him after we give you McCallum.  




 Little chance of effect?  Damian Lillard was the 6th pick?  A 7'0 defensive 5 has great impact...  You are making assumptions on notions you can't justify. We can't project anything about any pick.  If you are asking me if I would rather gamble on a franchise changer or take the sure thing at improving 1 step of my franchise,  I take the gamble because we can sign free agents with the money we save from Ty.  5s don't come very often.  Our post would be stacked and we could sign a 1 or 2 for probably cheaper than Ty or maybe attract an even better guard with all the talent we now have.  




 You are making Lawson sound like he is LeBron. (meaning he has the power to take us to the ship)  I agree that Lawson is great but it was known since last year that Lawson was on the trading block. I would rather hold the pick until 6th to see if WCS falls.  Call us on draft day.  You guys are dumping Lawson in my opinion no matter what. Winslow wouldn't be a horrible pick.  But you are right,  only time will tell if we are stupid enough to give you guys 6th + 7th + Stauskas or McCallum (you keep putting McCollum who is on the blazers)  while you dump Lawson and Hickson on us like you guys keep talking about on your thread.  




 ^ Fuckin trippin

Edit: We have a capable point guard in Collison.  Lawson would be great for our team but over a defensive 5...?  You are insane. Lawson has shown what he can do...  WCS could be a future asset at a much more reasonable cost. Let's be frank...  You don't want lawson as much as lawson doesn't want you guys.  Just because you want a 6th and 7th pick doesn't mean you get to wish it upon yourself....  Hence my first statement.  




 He replied, "it's hard man..  I got to much love for the hoes"  




 WCS or Lawson? lol I'm insulted 




 He was just a fun player for me to watch.   




 - Travis outlaw

- Cole Aldrodge

- IT


Edit: This I purely fun.  Not necessarily right or wrong.  Just who do you wish we didn't get rid of whether it was right to or not. 
 




 Fuck your cake day 














 We should have fucking kept him...  




 Yea that was my point..  




 Wait..  You had a helmet that like other male helmets?  




 Until kings start winning..  Then they were fans since 01' 




 I literally say it to every cake day person when I cross one.  Nothing personal.  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Do what I do for the last two years... 

- Compliment the shirt: "Hey!  that's a nice shirt!  Is it new?" 


- Ask them what team Iggy came from: "He was a sixers right? Who cares the guy is a shooting machine"


- Ask their favorite player: "Currys daughter.  Have you seen X video!?" 


- Ask what Kerr did differently this year than last year: "It's that defense thoooooo" 

- And my all time favorite...  Why do you root for GSW?: "Nor Cal rocks man..." 


Only thing worse is the band wagoner that come next year once we take 8-6th seed...  









 Fuck your cake day 




 I honestly feel this would be the biggest move the owner could do.  Such a bad stigma as an organization.  Time to change our reputation.  




 Fuck your cake day  




 No thanks.  




 Literally Hitler  




 I was so pissed lol 




 My ~~team stream~~ Gametime app said kings to deal Mike Malone as head coach...  I said WTF? 


Congrats to him.  




 DOWN VOTE!  DOWN VOTE!  




 Party Pale...  My roommate brought home a tub a party left at his work one night.  This gallon of cookies and cream amazing-ness lasted almost a month and never lost its flavor. It honestly was some of the best ice cream I have had. 


I miss that pale.  









 "yea...  But I love the hose"  




 SOMEBODY PLEASE FIND JA!!!!!  




 Oh where is my hairbrush 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Gtfo why post this?  









 This 




 Literally have the shittiest auto-correct 




 Small ball.  Mozgod can't keep up with warriors small ball 




 Watching Draymond play is making all the Cavs fans turn green..  




 Small ball on small ball.  




 I like to call it the pig pen 




 An Olympic gymnast?  Fuck maybe I should take my kids to Disney world...  It's an investment.  




 Fuck your 3rd cake day 




 Not true..  This guy's a dumb fuck

Edit:Snitch 




 I have a basement with alot of candy... If your interested 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Doesn't need to be to children... It would reflect Jobs childish nature and his neck for minimalism.  Most adults watch Pixar movies anyways but a story of early success to a terrible downfall to overcome and accomplish what he did isn't a bad children story. You can make jobs the "Grumpy"  character who gets nicer towards the end of the movie through interactions with the other characters in his life.  




 A part of me honestly feels this would be a great way to tell the story of Jobs. Stop trying to find an actor to play Jobs but instead let Jobs live through a company he helped flourish.  




 Of course...  It worked for America didn't it?  









 Fuck your cake day

Edit: fuck your downvotes 




 Probably should get that checked out 




 He's speaking about the spooky ghost in the video...  Jeez 




 You copied and pasted...  I'm not impressed 









 Holy fuck 




 BRO NSFW???? 

Edit: someome got fucking shot...   




 Oh yeah..  Definitely not it 




 Sounds like side stitches.  Are you out of shape?  




 Schopenhaur 




 Here is you L 




 















 U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE







 SPOOKY SKILENTON









SEND THIS TO 4 PPL OR SKELINTONS WILL EAT YOU

FTFY
 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Basically a bunch of fat fucks who work for reddit and Emperor Pao need more money to fill their faces with doughnuts so they are cleaning up Reddits image so they removed /r/Fatpeoplehate. 


Some fat fucks cheered while most sneered. Blah blah blah freedom of speech and expression blah blah blah. They decide to flood /r/all with multiple subs and gild these genius ideas which give back to the imposing fat fucks. Dust settles and Reddits richer,  fatter and quieter.  




 That fucking skank 




 That's what I mean...  If he's pretending about needing help to go viral than fuck this guy.  I've been combing to try and find a way to contact youtube 




 If this is a shitty attempt to go viral....  I swear.  If not I really hope we can help him. 


But so help me God... If you're not dead.  




 Shit missed it 




 Holy shit!  That car was hot!  









 My favorite band...  And I have never heard this song...  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Where did numb bears come from?!  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Take your F 




 The guy who went balls to the wall to keep our team? Brought in our first relevant trade since Metta? Extended Rudy and Cousins?  Landed George Karl? Got rid of Mullin?  Sealed an arena deal? It's been 2 years for FUCKS sake. Sit down...  Calm your panties and STFU.  




 Their*  




 I'd invent Google....  I'd be rich instead of broke. Win.  




 I really hope this is a fucking joke 




 People shit talk the police but expect them to protect them when they ask them to 




 Vlade smash!  




 This...  This is a possibility.  




 Probably ISIS 




 This. Schools isn't a requirement..  It is a choice.  You're paying thousands to fail. Why would you want to go back. If this is your sophomore slump...  Pick it up but 3 quarts of probation is pretty rough.  




 There's apaches flying around an air base!?  WTF?  




 It's definitely a We are young song!  




   edit: also check the events happening this week that was posted.  Second Saturday is a great event that is happening this Saturday.  Art and music + bar crawling.  Always fun.  




 Fair Oaks Brew pubhas craft beers. It's new so closes early. Around 10-11.

This place is in old folsom which is a nice place to go on weekends. Killer food as well.Samuel Hornes Tavernis great.

If your willing to travel,Low Brauis a mainstay for the "Hipster" crowd downtown and is always packed.

If your looking for just a place to blow off steam and play pool or something, Players bar and grill has a ton of options and sterling bridges is a nice place to just be in. All relatively close to gold river. (15 minutes)
 














 Today wasn't the day to make a 1st post lol. The riots are going on but Goodluck  




 Kek?  




 Eh maybe post on another sub for better results.  




 What's that?  









 IT'S A PENIS!  GUYS LOOK!  PENIS!!!  




 Better than "if jailed,  get railed"?  




 Zingggggggg!  




 I only give a fuck when OPs mom asks for one 




 A bot that says "FUCK YOUR CAKE DAY"  anytime cake day is mentioned 




 Are you trying to press my buttons???!!!  




 Gtfo with this shit!  Reddit is full of hate today!  




 No...  I'm sure it's cancer 




 I'm sensitive 




 Explain?  




 STFU FATTY 




 Maybe if you weren't so fucking fat,  maybe you'd have a better day!   




 I was teasing 









 You responded about your sex life to /u/doinitdirty. You just gave him what he needed.  




 You went to your school dance alone didn't you? And your mom said it was their loss huh?  




 Let harassing happen if the harasser wants to!  Fuck off! You're not Pao!  




 Depends what area you are in.  




 Stop hating on people who don't have the will power to make this decision!!!!  I will report the fuck out of you you bigot 




 I did it in a hurry.  Don't care about karma but you can definitely link it.  




 Out of the shitty mods here...  You're probably the shittiest one. AMIRITE?  




 Please let this be a thing 
























 Netflix wasn't built on winners.  




 Yea man...  This is kind of weird..  Not trying to be rude but in a time where it's virtually impossible not to be found unless you don't want to be...  Gives me the sense that she doesn't want to be found.. 

Edit: the more I think of this...  You are really being creepy man.  You just posted a women's personal info all over the Web. You are naming two aliases of hers which shows she has tired to hide her identity. Your account history doesn't ease my stress either being an account that's new and has questionable post history. You have admitted to wrong doings you wish to amend which gives us a reason to believe that there is reason to her not talking to you.  




 Reggae concert in Tahoe...  Lots of weed. Sick music and good vibes.  Cheap only $45. 




 No just this one.  




 Sure but degrees of intolerance doesn't take away that any amount t of intolerance will cause a rift. Just risky to an unstable team 




 But Karl doesn't put up with bs and Rondo is alot of that.  I believe that's where half of this Cousins drama is coming from.  




 Karl and Rondo aren't?  




 Definitely can't take the GOAT number...  Just think all that Hollins has done for us 




 Dragic is an overpriced whiny bitch...  Sorry but I have so much dislike after the phoenix fiasco.  




 It's outside I'm sure just like harveys. No access to casino during festival but I'd pregame to save money.  Nevada is just a different beast as in different rules and shit. Idk how tolerate the cops are on weed.  Cali roots...  The cops were damn near smoking ha  




 I'm typing this from Tahoe.  I just got my tickets.  Should be fucking sick.. 

I've been to harveys event center so probably the same.  Nevada is a different beast than cali Bro.  Come her around 10am. If your smoking (your choice)  blaze up.  Doubt you can smuggle in. Worst case stuff a bad and pipe in your shoe. Play penny slots for free drinks til iration blows your top off man.  Matisyahu never comes around so I'm stoked Bro.   




 Rondo is a "me"  first player who has turned out two teams...  One better situated than us...  In less than two years.  He is gonna be costly and has no loyalty to the team. Cousins + Rondo techs are way more than we need and I doubt we will be able to keep Rondo contract down.  I don't want him here. I'd rather Lawson and that is saying alot because I'd rather neither right now... 


I really hope Rondo stays away...  If I'm crazy please help me see why you want him...  




 Trippin...  He's not starting caliber. Lawson is if we land him.  Collison is ball smart tho so will suffice for now.  




 Fuck yea man...  Danny off the bench.  Draymond  will be to much 




 Yea...  He's a fucking comedian.  




 Got em!  




 Fuck your cake day bluhd 




 You son of a bitch...  Upvote 




 This guy...  I got down voted for it but here is your upvote 




 Fuck dragic drama ass 




 WCS and trade down..  Get rid of DWILL and JT for kaminsky or dekker for shooters.  




 Chick is dumb bad ha 




 With you on this 




 U need to git da spellcheck 




 WCS is our guy for a defensive presence I  post to also draw from Cousins..  7' monster who looks nba ready.  If only we can be so lucky.  




 Again? 

Edit: I'm asking again because Vlade hasn't been responsible for messing up a draft pick...  









 This is the weirdest double vaginal penetration I have ever heard about.  




 NBA, Where it happens  









 GET YOU NUTS OUT OF OUR LADDER!  




 Keep Stauskas. Sign WCS or Mudiay.  




 Paging /u/sacup delete squadddd 




 For a speeding ticket?  I never went to any hearing.  I paid my 125 or whatever and did traffic school online to erase it for 20$... 




 Dude..  Your lamp is a naked bitch riding a centaur....  




 Well fuck...  




 TIL how to Karma where.  Thx 




 Wrong thread..  We don't care.  This shit was still funny.  




 Sac is a unique place.  Lots of stuff to do for sure.  I am a huge music lover and have been to 3 festivals last month and have 3 more in the coming up two months.  Sac gets an awesome variety of music. And relatively cheap. 

Nice parks all over.  The bike trail is a must. Old folsom, old town sacramento, old roseville and old fair oaks are just cool places to be.  Lots of craft Mico brewers with open mic nights. Alot to do if you do it with the right people. 

My girlfriend and I were in old folsom the other day.  She was shooting photography while I skated. We then caught an open mic night and spent $10. Living the dream?  Haha 




 Good points. Maybe Cousins just lost confidence in the team.  Understandable.   




 Idk about Miller.  Possibly with his relation to Karl.  We also need to be careful about setting  the bar to high for Vlade. He also is new in his position and has basically made it so all falls on him. Bad decisions happen and I don't want us getting to upset when Vlade makes a bad decision.


We have a huge upside this year and I would be surprised if we didn't make alot of moves tomorrow.  




 Personally I go out of my way to avoid Grant. So I would have to say no on having to caught his opinion of boogie. Is boogie a bad locker mate?  Maybe.  I'd be pissed off as well if I was scoring 25+ pts and grabbing 12+ rebounds.  I have voiced in here how often Cousins and Gay fight. We have a young talented squad with a young new FO. It takes sometime to settle down and get it right.  Malone was a shitty thing to do and I'm sure that perturbed Cousins but he has to be strict on a team of people who look up to him. Andre miller seemed to help calm Cousins down towards the end of the year.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/kings/comments/3awhzz/representing_the_kings_on_the_rnba_mock_draft/

They suggested 6th pick and Landry for 12th pick and Alec burks 




 No..  No we wont 




 Now your turning me on 




 This.  How do you feel about the Milwaukee Burks trade we had for mock draft on /r/nba?  




 It's been 2 solid days of spamming/circlejerking about a Cousins trade.  /r/kings has great people who have great insight into things like the draft coming up tomorrow.  Let's be constructive rather than doing trade machines for Cousins.  




 I'm not saying we wouldn't trade him.  I'm saying we are not trading him. Karls statement was taken out of context in April.  He was merely saying we are always looking for opportunities to get better. That is how I took it.  No man above the law.  If a deal was to good to pass up...  It's business.  But it makes no sense trading him right now. Especially what's been reported as trade offers.  




 First of all... Fuck /r/nba which is a circlejerk to stir up drama/entertainment. Take them for what they are and don't buy into bs. 

/r/Kings know our FO better.  I truthfully believe that Vlade won't trade Cousins for multiple reasons. 

- you don't trade young superstars to risk landing young superstars. 

- you don't trade the best center in the league for pork and beans. 

- Cousins resigned because he wants to play here. 

- Shit... WE RESIGNED HIM BECAUSE WE WANT HIM! 

Karl got 3 months of play with Cousins... [We all know Demarcus is an emotional lesbian](https://youtu.be/m9zdn6E3KbE) and he may have overreacted to rumors.  He's 24. Shit happens. He wants to win and he's frustrated. 

Pete is probably leaking shit to tear apart an organization that he despises. Malone may be feeding it too.  Fagan can only capitalize off the drama. Fans are showing true colors by Making claims of "jumping ship". We went from hopes of  a playoff birth to hating the Coach all from Twitter. 


Rudy Gay and Stauskas are real pieces on the table yet no one is acknowledging this. Let's regroup.  Calm down.  Prep for the draft tomorrow.  Fuck this Lawson BS.  Fuck this Celtics Cousins circle jerk
Fuck you Isaiah. 

New arena.  New Coach.  Top pick.  All star Center. Let's get back to real basketball talk.  




 I was just being illiterate  




 Lol sorry didn't notice 




 Passenger -  scare away the dark

Bob Dylan -  times are a changin

Brett Dennen -  ain't no reason

John Lennon -  imagine

The Beatles -  Let it be

 




 Since it's in the trade machine...  It has to happen right?  




 Sign him for 5 mil 2 years 




 ... Is your wife fucking the yoga instructor?  




 W3 need dat dank Kush. Jah feelz?  It depends on dat real shit doe?  Kno Wut I'm talkin bout?  




 Wut da fuq? Y wood I post if I didn take u s3riously 




 What is thug.  Heard you waz peeping some shit to run...  Squad!  We running shit down in the H.  If you in da area lemme kno. Real tak. Find me on dat WORLDSTAR. 

NY TAKE DIS L 




 God: Freeman, Morgan.  Satan: Dafoe,  Willem 




 Because I have no understanding of why violence exists.  Why would an  omnipotent God create suffering and pain in the world? Any reason would render him not omnipotent.  A God constrained by what he *has* to do?  He could have done it any way he wanted.  




 Pretty sure that guy just shit himself.  




 Hate perpetuates hate.  




 12th pick Sam dekker or Kaminsky if available 




 As a top rebounding team in the league... We have one of the best 3 position rebounders. I believe that is huge especially since most rank him a top 7 SF.  




 In all seriousness..  Rondo can ball.  Better than Rubio and other players but he is as much as a megastar as Dwill or Josh Smith.  


Personally I don't want his bad attitude, egotistical,  fuck any team I'm on ass.  He made comments about the Kings organizations and showed how he treats team like Boston and Dallas.  That said if he signed one year 5-7 mil I'd consider it. I wouldn't give up anybody of value for him.  




 Confirmed.  Bad bitch.  




 Rondo is worth a grilled cheese and a 12 pack of Hanes socks.   




 I'm with you 




 Neighborhood confirms.  Bad bitch 




 Sources confirm...  Taylor Anderson is a bad bitch.  




 Reports are possibility is for trading for Lawson (which I think is dumb). What do you guys think about him?  




 Aight haha 









 I am just as upset. They are people too.  Just to ship them away is ridiculous.  




 [Woj] "Cousins not actually George Karls cousin.  Turmoil over family relations.  Viveks a bottom. Vlade wants out. Rudy Gay actually gay. Not that that is a bad thing"  




 You my friend...  Are a true warrior 




 Because last year was the same way...  So I wouldn't say years like you did....  




 Strongest draft in years...?  Da fuq?  




 Sam Amick had a strong point

http://www.sportsgrid.com/nba/are-the-kings-and-george-karl-getting-played-by-demarcus-cousins-agent-dan-fegan/ 




 Could it be Pete?  Trying to stir up turmoil in spite?  Could it be DMC agent in spite of Karl trying to get Cousins out? Could it be someone close to Vivek? Shit...  Could it be Cousins himself??  

I renewed another year for season tix but had I known this bs was gonna go on...  I woulda paid 60 a month for daytime cable. Where do you guys think the leaks are coming from?  




 8=====D      O:  




 I'll...  I'll take Bron...  




 I'm fucking weak 




 Gtfo 




 Hate to be that guy but I guess there's 29 other teams.  




 Fuck the Lakers...  Thanks tho...  Fuck off lakers 




 Does this mean we get MJ?  




 Yea...  I deleted bleacher report,  ESPN,  sports center app,  gametime.  Only kept reputable sources like TMZ and The Onion.  









 I honestly believe he is nba ready and will shock everybody.  




 Fucking wee man 




 Lol no.  I honestly don't k of why I was gilded but hey fuck it
 




 Glad YouTube did this.  Now I listen to music in a 3D setting 









 I'd be all over this 




 Another creative way is to give it to a family who could now get a job with  it. 

Edit:Thnx for gold 




 I was just reasoning to why I started.  You can take JT out of starting rotation after the first couple games once WCS gets acquainted.  But who knows...  Maybe the off season will be enough for WCS to jump right in.  




 I agree with JT being bench.  I just don't wanna assume that we put our rookie out immediatley and JT has had more time with boogie than Young.  




 That's fine.  Adds depth to our bench and allows Rudy and Cousins more ball. Young and Williams would for sure cost less than Lawson.  




 Williams can start over Ben easily.  But you could keep him on the bench if you please. Do you want Mclemore starting?  




 How would you guys feel about FA signs gs of these two and drafting WCS.  I still like McCallum and feel he isn't a horrible 1 and with us keeping Nik in the mix and developing maybe having a deep 1 isn't  a good idea.  


Instead we don't resign Evans and we dump Landry.  Pick up these players. 

Starting lineup

- Cousins (WCS) 

- Thompson (Cousins) 

- Gay

- Williams

- Collison

2nd string

- depends on who officially starts

- Young

- Casspi

- Mclemore

- McCallum (Stauskas) 

Bench: Dwill,  TBD. 

 




 Mudiay didn't even wanna work out for the Kings if I am not mistaken. 

Edit: https://mobile.twitter.com/News10Sean/status/612035460874043392 









 Into your eyes..  




 He can count by twos and tie his shoes...  But still doesn't get full VA benefits.  




 "who?"  




 Fuck both your fucking cake days 




 Do what this man says!  




 The hipsters will praise you if it is a women's...   




 Fuck your cake day 




 Good advice!  




 Yay I'm a dumb fuck yay 




 Introducing my patented moose skinning schematic free of charge only one time only!  Get it now while it's hot before the government takes it down. PETA doesn't want you to know this simple 3 stepped process on how to skin a moose but I have brought it just for you!!! 


Step 1: kill it

Step 2:

Step 3: skin it 









 You will upvote it if you try hard enough to laugh 









 I honestly feel that Niks potential is completely in his hands.  It all depends on Niks attitude this off season.  If he goes at it hard...  We may see a whole new Nik.  If he sags under the pressure,  he will probably be traded. I believe in Nik and I believe we will see a better improvement than Ben. 


IIt's gonna be a more important season for Ben...  Make or break.  




 That shit right here my dude.  Buy us some blow 




 Why did you post this 




 Dude has a fat fucking face.  




 Did you..?  Thanks for telling us 




 Eh..  Pepsi guy 




 Helps weed out the competition.. 




 Fasho  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Someone grab the mop 









 Yea...  It's skip tho..  We assume he doesn't know WTF he is talking about 




 You should be upvoted more  




 How cool 




 Yea...  I'm gonna guess Charles...  That this video isn't you 




 I just slapped my noodle into a sock..  Winning  




 Lower comment. 




 You're fucking trippin...  That was damn near 4 McChicken you fucking wasted on me.  




 Yes 




 Fuck gold and karma..  I seriously was taking a shit when I typed this.  




 Idk why you can't down vote without sounding like a whiny bitch 




 By posting this?  




 Shark costume perhaps... 


Edit: seriously...  WTF.. I'm so confused.  




 STFU dick Jokes! Who erected you president of proof?  




 Deliver or it never happened.  




 "Has doth not seen thy penis yet?"

" No sire,  I have yet to be acquainted with thy penis.  Is it as they speak?"

"ah...  But even better Galehaut. Thy proclaim Lancelot to have a penis the size of a whales...  Good sire,  I tell you, Lancelot has a penis the size of the whale itself."

 




 This.  Good advice.  If you eventually look into wrestling they have tons of lotions so no chafing..  This is where I go for my gear like handcuffs and gags for those pesty crooks. 

Source: SacPD 




 Fuck small fish too...  Nemo's dumb ass put everyone's life in jeopardy! 




 Yea but where's all the big chested girls?  Swim suits?  And uncoordinated sharks?  Not buying this album... 

Edit: you guys upvote the stupidest shit

~~Edit2: obligatory insult for gilding me dumb fuck~~. 

Edit3: Was referencing a lower comment.  




 You aight ho 





























 Yea.  My favorite player.  Guy is an athletic freak.  I never miss warriors,  thunder or Clippers games.  




 I saw these in person...  Always make sure I go to the thunder games. 

[Westbrook 1](https://youtu.be/0Xr-5LVYNNs)

[Westbrook 2](https://youtu.be/vgpfylEYeWI)   




 - Ronnie prices dunk on Carlos Boozer.

- my girl and I got to go to the bottom of the court and when the players come out. As Isaiah came by us I yelled to him "Bring Crawford, Robinson and Roy".  He did a double take and started laughing and nodded.  Thought that was funny.  




 Don't feed the trolls 




 Meet a player?  Favorite moment? Halftime show? 




 The nba writers are purely entertainment writers like ESPN.  Write for ratings. Most of the time not reliable. It's all speculation.  Rondo fought injuries but who knows if it's over. We needed something to show DMC we are trying. We have an arena opening next year.  We don't want JT to be one of our poster boys. 


Instability of an NBA owner who is brand new to the circuit?  Why is this surprising.  He is new.  It takes time.  Players didn't only reject for instability...  CA taxes, small city,  less endorsements,  franchise name,  Championship opportunities, etc. You are purely speculating just like the writers you quote.  




 Most of our top players came from other teams.  DMC is an exception because he was a superstar.  They are naturally good. Also maybe we saw him as our future and gave him double the developmental focus. 


Kmart, Trob, Stauskas, Jimmer and Ben all struggled trying to get a grip. Okc,  Portland and SA all have amazing development results. We should have gutted out whole staff with new management.  Even players who gained some development hit a plateau.  (Kmart, Reke and I'm worried Ben.)

Trading for experienced players who understand the game may translate to changes in development staff and maybe teaching some younger players some things to help mentor.  




 "I'd play Mclemore at the 3"

Yea..  Let's not. I say this time and time again. Kings have one of the worst development staffs in the league. Everyone always asks "why you trade X, look at him now". Truth is,  until we change things we can't create those players.  Whiteside would not have panned out here just like Lin didn't in Goldenstate.  Stauskas may be Jimmer... May be Ray Allen.  Idk but personally,  he has something in common with Jimmer and that was he was apart of a team that wasn't meant for him. Good luck. 

People need to stop trashing the trade. Kings need endorsements for the new arena and they need to sell tickets.  I renewed but I know a few people who didn't after last season. This was a revitalized trade which has given us real hope and I haven't had that in years. (I'm delusional...  I believe we will win the championship every year.)

Personally, I don't feel we need these posts here but you are always allowed to post. Understand that the general consensus of the City,  not just fans,  liked the trade.  




 Sick PG rotation!  




 Fite me irl 




 In all fairness...  Kings got more shit than Ellen Pao this off season. Once the Woj bomb hit,  you guys ran with it and either attacked or downvotes anything kings said and wrote our FO off as dumb. Making dumbass claims of trades for Cousins, it was a nightmare. The trade hit and you guys went nuts.  Saying how shitty we are and how fucked we our.  "trade Cousins,  he deserves better" comments were plenty. Rejections from  people we made attempts for only sweetened the insults. In comes Bellinelli and Rondo. Top it off with some Koufos and maybe some Jsmoove and all of a sudden I only see comments about "Wow gonna be a decent/interesting team" or "can't wait to watch that." 


"If you're lucky enough to not get down voted to hell within 5 minutes,  you might last long enough to be insulted mercilessly." - /r/nba
 




 Hi guys. I'm a philosophy major who usually reads some pretty dense stuff. I just finished a long way gone in a day. It reminded me for how much I love reading but also showed how boring some of my books are. What are some good college readings for me? I enjoy biographies, memoirs, intellectual or just plain fun books.

Some of my favorites: Steve Jobs Bio, Long Way Gone, Candide, Thus Spake Zarathustra, Metamorphosis, American Sniper.

Not so much in to mystical fiction books.
 




 Give it a day or so.  I believe he will join the Kings.  




 Wow.  Shit happens fast.  




 French fault...  Again...  




 Maybe...  Because he's a cyclist.  




 Amazing how many cougars exist on reddit.  




 Voila* 




 Josh smith had all star potential in Atlanta. He is was a killer perimeter defender and a stretch  4. He even showed signs of his old form and improved shooting in the playoffs.  Dwill is a poor man's Gerald Wallace.   




 I realized Rudy Gay and Josh Smith both don't have all star nods. Who are some other surprising snubs?  




 The bestie exemption most underrated exemption. 


Good info thanks 




 [This dude](https://youtu.be/ncvUNxgkMtw)  




 That came and went at 17. He's like mid 30s. 

Edit: He's definitely 41... Smh 




 I see he is still alive...  




 Lol 




 We land the hawk and we will be the deadliest underdog we have seen in years. Rudy is the man.  




 He's definitely not the mobster  




 Gay can. Casspi needs work.  Offensively they are gold  




 Fuck off bitch  




 we gonna be great! 

FTFY 




 Restart the rebuild lol 




 Unbelieveable....  This is ridiculous!  Now what are we gonna do with our 9.5 million in salary cap!  Why go with Tim Duncan and Popavich when you can play with WCS and Karl.  




 He will be back 




 No but you can teach him if he is motivated.  Alot of him makes me think of a player with low self esteem.  Super athletic and usually first one down court.  He tore it up when it was IT Cousins and him. Just never really give a huge opportunity.  It shows some thing if Phil Jackson wanted him.  




 Ten years down the road,  you are gonna realize that this commercialized image of a logo from a band you liked at the time in your youth is in an area that will hinder jobs, careers etc. 

My favorite band is OMAM but no way would k ever tattoo a logo especially one as plain as theirs.  Maybe a cool verse that you really enjoy? Something that's meaningful.  Just not the band logo.   




 7-10 mil min I'd say. We still need Casspi. 


Maybe less who knows 




 Possible.  Yea.  Probable. Who knows.  




 With ya man... Imagine those highlight dunks with Rondo..  But fuck 5 mil a year haha 




 Rondo starts.  Collison would be great energy off the bench.  Rondo isn't a bench pg 




 Good for him.  Good luck dwill 




 We eating fam 




 8===D 0:


Open wide 




 He hasn't been signed and we don't need to go bidding war. Sign him or don't.  I think he could be an asset with Collison.  




 Casspi will be a great player off the bench to hustle with Collison. 

Williams will be killer with Rondo throwing lobs and he still has potential.  

We need a 4.  Maybe sign a cheap one.  




 Wow didn't know this.  Thanks.  What's a good price?  




 Oh ok lol 




 I don't really know what set up means 




 So?  




 I'm a betting man 




 I have a beginners Yamaha acoustic.  For some reason when I go to the guitar store,  I can play barre chords great on some Taylors and some more expensive guitars but struggle on my guitar.  Why is this?  




 JJ barea?  




 Monta Ellis?  




 Dirk? Please say it's Dirk..  




 The ol' igoudala-a-roo 




 No 




 Not a bad idea.  I'd consider it but I have a feeling we are gonna go big.  I'd rather Lou and Smith. Depending on cost tho but stuckey is an option.  




 I like your style  




 Josh Smith ripped it in the playoffs.  




 Wow didbt think about that.  




 Umm...  No.... Think about this long and hard buddy.  




 No...  There is 490 people here lol 









 Hi.  My name is Yopeee. I understand you guys are eating with fam. I am in association with the feed the Kings charity. Did you know that every 15 seconds,  part of our FO fucks something up?  This results in insufficient ingestion of food with fam.  You can make a difference. For 15a day,  you can help the Kings sign a FA for a 145mil/1 year contract. We enjoy eating too. Help us eat fam. 

*#wehungry* 




 SHIIIIIIIT! Millennium Falcon this shit  




 Fuck Bro..  Going pole 2 pole tonight then 




 Can I come?  




 [YEAH!](https://youtu.be/Vv2M95Jv68I)  




 I hear Iverson looking for a team 




 Offer Lou 2 packs of coke...  Turns us down for 1 12oz. Shasta.  




 Preach 




 God damn it 




 Lou Williams is about to make some money.  




 You're not even reading what I'm writing...  




 Read above man. If the signings don't happen like we think...  Then we traded our picks...  Which leaves us unable to build through draft 




 Like I already stated...  We traded our future "*If and only if*"  it doesn't pan out.  If Rondo and Wes don't work out either by signing or by some reason not playing well or say Rondo leaves or Matthews gets injured...  We may have lower picks than the sixers.  This would be considered losing players unnecessarily, wasting 26 million,  and losing picks assuming shit didn't pan out. 


Once again I agree with the trade.  I made a statement saying "6th see isn't winning the superbowl."  




 Lol correct.  I just don't see the comparison of winning the superbowl to being 6th seed. We may only get 1 or possibly two seasons from Rondo. 


No need to tell me to chill lol I'm not upset.  




 Where did I say anything about JT and Landry being our future?  




 We gave up 3 picks.  We owe Chicago 1. Stauskas may have been a piece.  All that said...  I like the trade.  But we are banking on championships.  Not 6th seeds.  We were 4th and 6th during 03-04,04-05. Never went passed 1st round.  I have never heard anyone talk about how great we were for bing 4th seed. We were just another basic team on a downside. 


We traded and are trading for a championship because building through the draft is no longer and option.  




 You think a 6th seed is a reason to lose 3 players    3 picks and 26 million dollars? 


We sold our future away to be winners.  So no its not a super bowl win..  That would be a temporary pleasure as the next few years put us where we were 3 years ago.  A championship win is a super bowl win. Never seen a parade for sixth seed.  Please don't confuse them.  




 I don't think I actually know the details?  Anyone have a good source?  




 We are gambling. Not one person in Sacramento denies this.  Our owner has a fascination with buying low with high potential.  He wants that with Wes and Rondo. To say it wont work in the next two years is a bold statement. Rudy Gay was a "shit"  player and a bad trade...  Worked out great.  Karl was given less than half a season..  We were a winning team with Malone with essentially less talent than we are set to aquire...  Yet we are garbage? 

These articles are why the Kings stay shitty.  Who wants to play for a team that's known as the losers. I'm ready to bad news bears this season.  I hope every single person hates on us.  We beat great teams with less.  




 Absolutley agree!  I just want these two to solidify a playoff caliber starting 5. With that,  we can start landing vets to place on bench like clips and Pierce,  grizzlies and Carter,  etc.  




 I'm not sure.  You're probably right but I would still like to see what we do with the main two and see what kind of players want to play with them.  Big names may lure some good players.  




 I know you are. Potentially wait to see who we sign.  If we land bot Wes and Rondo... Maybe sign and trade Evans and Hollins for a decent forward.  Remember we have Rudy as a 4 rotation as well.  




 Jumping on Biyumbo just scares me a little.  Ptsd from rush signing PF 




 Understood.  Lots of players also can be productive.  I personally don't want either of them just off of ability..  Add the character issues and it's a big no for me. Just making a point that character issue isn't always a total write off but I'm definitely with you on the legal issues
 




 I did lol that's why I was downvoted 




 Lol agreed but having trouble with the law doesn't necessarily disqualify them.  I don't think they are for us but I wouldn't base it off character.  Ron Artest did wonders in LA.   




 97% satisfied.  




 So did cwebb 




 You are talking about character issues..  Rondo has one of the worst attitudes towards integrity and loyalty.  He has shown to be very vocal in the media and usually doesn't hold back in player confrontations.  All character issues.  Not so much trouble with the law but still issues.  Yet he may be perfect here.  




 Lol we are in the running for Rondo...  Next.  




 I hate college ball for these reasons.  You never know when it comes to ball.  By his analysis...  IT wouldn't be relevant.  So many players slip through  the draft because of this.  I agree WCS isn't the next DJ...  He is the only WCS 




 Well...  This is awkward.  




 Why isn't it realistically possible? AP had a torn acl and came back to have a record season.  Wes Matthews only got to where he is by out working players.  He has had to earn and work for this. If anyone can fight to make it, it is Matthews.  




 No 




 The gamble is this.  We take a risk.  When you are in the position we are in.  You don't have a choice.  









 Welcome to the eastern conference finals 




 Lol I don't want smart...  




 Eh 




 I Absolutley will say JT is one of my favorite kings ever.  I say that with the fact in mind that he was at every charity event I have seen.  He hustled constantly and put up with some shitty owners but never blamed the fans.  He has been amazing and we will always appreciate you. Business is business and honestly you need a team to play you more. Good luck.  #34foreverpurple 




 They had a championship..  Sometimes hotheads are great with each other. Chemistry wise. KG was the same way.  My worry is Karl.  




 Ha^ha^ha^ha^keep^laughing^ha^ha 




 Cousins doesn't like anyone who has a personality like his on an opposite team.  Cousins is allllll for people with his passion to win *on* his team. That's Rondo,  Beverly, etc. 

I truly believe Cousins wants a bad boys team.  A no bs team who want to win.  




 Every city has crime.  Check out Hawaii crime.  Unbelievable but beach bums stay because they like the area.  Same with Santa Cruz. I had a gun pulled on me downtown literally 2 months ago by a tweaker. Luckily nothing happened. Drugs are there and people with no money want those drugs. It happens. I'm a decent sized 23 yr old male.  Don't put yourself in positions that leave you vulnerable. 


Lpt: stay vigilant, be aware,  be prepared,  be safe.  This is for anywhere.  




 As a season ticket holder..  Dwill kept me going to alot of games.  Highlight player who was usually up and down the court first. I honestly feel he is a valuable asset to the team.  Like a Gerald Wallace. He has huge upside and a loyal player  




 We can definitely bring them both back.  Monta and green aren't coming here.  Bring Rondo and sign both. Casspi will be a little more expensive.  




 I went to tilt.com... Still never received gold 




 You're yum!  









 I believe we should sign him 3 years at 3 mil. I believe he will be a late bloomer.  He has athleticism and has shown moments of good play when given opportunities. He reminds me of a Gerald Wallace. I really hope we don't let him slip by.  




 Nice video.  This will be a big year for Mclemore.  I feel he will have alot of room to play when the D is worried about the post with the towers. 

 




 Haha that shit funny 




 8===D O: 




 I'm a pretty nice guy...  But I am getting real fed up with this fucking Bull shit.  




 Shitty title but good video 




 The trolls come out on the reddit tonight

Not an upvote to be seen. 

A kingdom of masturbation. 

And it looks like they're the Kings. 

Pitchforks are over flowing like the swirling wind inside. 

I couldn't keep them even if I tried... 

Their lies I see!  So fuck OP! 

You can fool all them but you can't fool me! 

I need a fork! Where do I go?!  

Well I know!  Well I know!!!! 

THEY MUST GO!  THEY MUST GO! 

FUCK OP DOWN VOTE THAT HO!  

THEY MUST GO! THEY MUST GO! 

SO MANY FORKS,  YOU CAN SAY NO! 

I CAN SAY

THAT OUR PRICES ARE GREAT! 

LET THE SALE GO ON!  

Lynching never bothered me anyway... 




 




 I am not trashing UF by calling it the "*Wal-Mart*"  of MMA gyms.  Kovars is the same kinda way.  Walmart is a multi-billion dollar company based on the one stop shop concept. Kovars expanded alot more than UF even though UF tried but ultimately closed their folsom gym. Uriah is an entrepreneur. 

Joe Guerro is not a better boxing coach than Tony Lopez, Gilbert or Juan Lascano. Just a fact.  If you are going for boxing..  Maybe best to go to a boxing gym. 

When UF had Juan, Tong and Cassio...  Shit man can't beat it. They all left. UF is still a very top notch gym with extraordinary opportunities...  It would be wrong not to inform people of other options. I have rolled with people at Cassios with UF people.  Trained at judo club while training at UF.

It was $150 for full access when I went there.  This was about a year ago. Times change.  Economy changes. Complimented staff and business and like I said UF Is the best gym if you are really serious. A one stop shop with pro trainers. If you are solo looking for Jiu-jitsu or judo...  It would be the wrong investment.  




 SG and PG are our priorities. No need to fatten the front court.  I'm looking for starting PG or some bench depth.  




 Do we still have Reggie Evans lol?  




 Good player..  Probably a late blooming role player in the future.  Wasn't really go even a whole lot of opportunities  




 Depends.  Trained there for a year. It is like the Walmart of MMA gyms unless you get in with alpha male.  If you are with alpha male and train in their wrestling etc. You are good to go. 

Boxing class was a joke.  Jiu-jitsu wasn't bad. Grappling was okay.  May Thai was good.  Alpha male wrestling was incredible.  Their exposure and ability to put you into a fight is great.  Just depends what you are looking for. 

Recommendation

- Jiu-jitsu: Cassio Werneck

- Boxing: idk who is relevant anymore. 

- MMA: Karnage

- Wrestling: Ultimate Fitness

- Grappling: Sacramento Judo Club

Check them out depending on what you want.  I left because the boxing was shitty and it was 150. But even as I told them I was leaving...  They worked on my contract and were very professional.  Uriah is an awesome dude. Good luck. 




 




 Sacramento judo club is the oldest and a very prestigious club in Sacramento. They have produced Olympic contenders and nationally ranked fighters.  Sambo is rather close to judo.  Give it a look 




 Ok kinda see it a little..  Damn that took way to much work.  




 I could just be fucking stupid...  But I don't think your post is grammatically correct.  




 ... Why you think she is crazy is why your not a photographer 




 Wait..  What?  




 Who killed Kennedy 




 "Bernie likes his bottom bitches on top." 




 When I broke my arm and had a cast for three months...  You can't wash you arm, barley scratch it and it hen you scratch it with a hanger,  you cut the fuck out of your arms. 

But on the day of removal...  When they take off the cast and rub your arm with rubbing alcohol...  That same effect of freshness like drinking water after popping a mint. This is what made me cry.  Thank you.  




 [The only known video](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQof) of what a guy claims is his interaction with an alien.  Fucking weird and eerily real.  




 There is so much shitty going on here 




 Pretty sure that's a tree scrotum 




 Why add the Mc..  If it's not from McDonald's  




 I always read a book through... You never have a full opinion of you don't give it a full effort.  It is a entry level informal introduction to some Buddhist teachings in a way most can understand. What was your intention when picking this book?   




 Reddit,  come feel relevant  




 Short hair on top and he has his Jewish beard back.  Peppered color 




 Yes.  Talk to admissions 




 I'm sorry I don't have a video but I went to a Matisyahu concert yesterday.  It's almost as if this man is holy.  He radiated good energy and his presence alone was incredible.  As he performed Jerusalem under fairly blue skies,  it started pouring rain almost on cue. It was incredible. He stood there looking at the crowd as they all went nuts. One of the most incredible experiences of my life. One love.  




 What do you mean?  




 No 




 Yes..  You as well can join Tatum on Mcbride's special bus.  




 He wasn't there very long.  Danny Mcbride came to pick him up shortly after this.  




 Skinny love by birdy

Originally by Bob Iver 




 Fuck everything. Slutty girls,  hot girls,  fat girls,  turtles,  dogs,  a fish,  pie, glory hole, neighbor, Steven the butcher, Molly the prostitute, a peanut butter sandwich.  Once you complete all your fucks successfully...  Think of one more fuck...  


You will realize you don't have any to give... And maybe an std to boot. You're welcome. 


Edit: fuck your down votes you regular fucks 




 Please help this guy at least start off the marriage with a happy wife...  
























 You're funny...  Yea im aware that it isn't. But the show is and they dramatize the fuck out of it.  




 If by close you mean when it says *19 spots available* but when I drive around the 2nd floor and there aren't any available and almost run into 4 different cars and ultimately Park on the 5th floor and since the elevators are slow as fuck I use the stairs and run to raef hall and now I'm late for the 3rd time this semester...  Kinda close?  




 It's never accurate 




 Your 4th celebration was a fucking hoot I bet 




 You gild your own comments.  









 Yea but the camera got it.  It's about the viewers not the kids sadly 




 He lacks confidence now in a league of players where mediocrity doesn't cut it.  




 Watch Jimmer in college and tell me that he was gonna be a bust.  




 You need to remember that we have an arena building in a year.  We can't afford  rebuild right now.  We needed to dump.  Hinkle saw our weakness and exploited it.  1st round is my only issue.  JT is solid but expensive.  Landry is trash.  Stauskas wasn't right for our system at all.  He has confidence issues and our development staff sucks.  Nik was gonna be trash here.


To soon to speak on Rondo but he is no different than everyone praising mavericks for Williams. We needed to take a risk for more reasons than most know. If we are a .500 team next year...  Cousins is gonna lose it. 

We now have the deepest roster in 10 years. I'm OK with it.  




 I am pretty sure it's fake for ratings. 




 Well fuck Man...  




 How is he as a player on the team?  Did he accept his role well? Anything I should know?  




 Saw some nice cars in Saudi Arabia ....  Corvette,  Mercedes-Benz, Porsche and Mustang... Same cars you find in every city street in America  




 Lol I actually fucking started turning my phone hahaha I'm fucking stupid 




 He's gonna play off the bench and be a huge key factor in calming the locker room. Had a good 3pt shot at one point but wouldn't call him a phenomenal shooter.  Plays solid D.  2x all star and has played on a championship team.  Vet minimum contract for two years...  Solid pick up.  Main this is his level head to keep our young guys focused.  




 Sounds about right. Clippers are an option too 




 "You want *me* to play? Seriously?  Hold on...  I'm in a game...  Lemme call you back vlad"  




 Nah I think Andre is gonna be here too 









 Fair enough but as an organization we shouldn't be 

- putting our shit on blast about inside issues. 

- going through coaches like Tswift and men. 

- giving up on potentially the best coach we have had in years. 


If it's Cousins or Karl..  I keep Cousins any day.  But we are grown ass people and Cousins needs to understand that Karl can take him to where he wants to go.  




 Solid vet pick up.  Don't believe he has alot in his tank but definitely a good role player.  I'm gonna take this as a sign that Smith isn't coming 




 Sounded something close to Rondo...  




 You a fool ha 




 I came to say this.  Literally one of the top posts on this thread was "we got Karl". All of a sudden a bunch of rumors start and he's the worst coach alive...  Give the guy a season.  




 Gotcha ha 




 Silver won't allow it?  What do you mean?  




 I would never sign anyone for that...   




 Same feeling I had when we traded for Gay and Gay was my #1 option. I felt validated haha 




 Because I'm a 225 lb.  Judo fighter who still wouldn't chase after someone over dumb shit. Bravado will get a bullet to the face. 

Or get a Darwin award.  




 BIH?  




 Please do not get shot over incense...  




 Eh..  Crack  Fat Kardashian 




 That's the old Karl!  




 Dude said if you upvote this I will speak on a subject of your choice for an hour depending on who's the highest comment.  









 Because running is not what Cousins does... More like mosey down the court pouting at ref-DMC


Edit: It's a joke...  Jeez 




 Whose dick is better...  /u/realityis333 or /u/retrovisionofficial? 

Taste?  Smell?  Length?  Why you like to suck one over the other? Texture? Vein pattern? That's enough to talk on for an hour...  But I'm sure you know it's a mouth full.  




 Upvoted thread because fuck your neighbor 




 Alot going on.  I see what your saying now.  I would be more upset that McCallum when to a team that hurts our chances at winning to boot. Losing him sucks but strengthening the spurs is a nightmare. 

I just believe both of these trades were inevitable.  I figured we were going to trade McCallum...  Just not for cap space.  




 Yea we shall see.  I still believe the Pelicans are just a mess of a team.  Alot of talent with nothing to show for it but AD. 




 He had Kardashian issues...   




 We beat the Pelicans. Something is eating me about that team but I will for sure say it's more of a hunch than analytical observations. 

I believe that we will make 6th seed but 2nd and 6th last year was like a game or so difference.  




 Why don't you wait to see what Karl does...  




 Forgot about Reggie but I have a feeling andre will be back 




 This.  Ray was the most expendable.  




 JT,  Landry, Stauskas, Williams, McCallum and looking like Hollins are all gone. 

I thoroughly believe so are 28 win seasons. We have the best roster talent wise in over a decade. We also have a winning coach. 

I'm ready to be a winning team.  




 We didn't trade for the pick.  We traded for Smith. How would you use Ray in our system?  Miller is a better fit plus vet experience.  




 Pop choses his players so obviously he sees something. By no means is this anything like IT. Andre is a player coach and can facilitate an offense with bellinelli on perimeter and koufos in post. 

Smith  Ray.  




 Kings hate been real.... Lol 




 You think ray McCallum was IT level?  




 You mad because you can't get third round with his main tho haha 




 Someone matched or bettered our offer. Creating space to outbid someone.  Clips and Houston were our only competition to my knowledge.  Hou can't pay him and Clips have DJ.  Right after DJ goes back, we trade Ray. Bet we sign Smith tomorrow.  




 Smith 




 [Source] "McCallum traded after being caught with PF Erik Moreland's female."   




 Gonna be a good back up point guard for you guys.  Glad we traded him.  He has a ton of potential that would be wasted here at this point. 









 Simpsons joke?  




 I'll fuck myself silly 




 It's on Arby's  




 Ayyyy 














 Fuck your cake day bruh 




 [Source]  "Cousins pissed at fans for lack of hype. Signing contract to join Mavs to play with CP3" 




 Holy shit...  Read his wiki...  Guys insane!  




 Not for that juicy karma 




 Oh..  Lol probably different scenario  




 So why post this?  




 Jared dudley is more like a stray cat than a nba player 




 You believed Jared Dudley?  You deserve to get lied to 




 Clipped 




 [Sources] "DeAndre Jordan hates shark tank.  Sure to play a role in his decision to stay with Mavs. Cousins receives 36th technical from Vivek.  Vlade's a serb"  









 Iverson?  




 [Source] "DeAndre Jordan to sign with Clippers due to hateful remark by Mavs fan.  Cousins pissed at Karl"  




 I've seen his technical once 









 Devry alumi 




 No.  I called yesterday.  They said you should start seeing them flood I'm after orientation 




 Rudderless was a good one too 




 She didn't put this uniform on her resume...  




 Lmao 




 No he said that Bmac was gonna fall.  I distinctly remember driving in my car listening.  He said he was gonna fall and Bmac was a bust or a late bloomer.  


 




 Pollard is an awesome scouting reporter.  Has called the last three drafts flawlessly 




 OP can suck a fat one.  Lady looked embarrassed as fuck.  People dress up in costumes and shit all the time. She admitted to why she was wearing it.  Leave her the fuck alone. You can buy fatigues online.  Then your ass posted it for some of the extra imaginary loving online. Tsk Tsk. She wants to wear her sons shit..  Let her.  For Christ's sake.  We have men marrying men and men becoming women and you think the Internet gives a fuck about this? 

Source: Family of semper fi and they all are dicks.  




 Yah me 3 




 Little miss sunshine,  Juno, About time, Boyhood  and I really enjoyed the fault in our stars.  




 All clowns are killers and rapists.  




 From what I read the plan is to MLE Smith for 2.8. If we get that,  we receive a great deal while Smith still receives I think it was 10 mil all together. Smith, Rondo, Gay and Cousins are all friends. That win at all costs attitude may be good. We never know.  Josh smith seems to have calmed down a bit.  


The power of what being an underdog can do alot of a team. Every person has something to prove from name cleaning to all star nodding. 2.8 mil for a 12-8 pf is good money spent.  




 Why would he take a pay cut...  He isn't gonna get over what he's set to receive from Detroit.  He's gonna sign for no more than 3 mil somewhere. 

No we didn't sign Koufos to play bench on this roster.  We signed him with anticipation of Smith. 

We are lacking at the 4 and Cousins can play 4.  Smith is a stretch 4. All depends on rotation.  




 [Sources] "Kings confirm biopic depicting FO off season mess ups. Karl-Vlade feud confirmed over cell phone. Cousins pissed."  




 Yes..  We did sign him to play backup.  He is a stellar backup.  Depth is what we need.  Who says Smith has to start?  




 Saw twenty one pilots at BFD.  If you have tickets...  Go see them don't sell them.  Amazing show.  Sorry.  




 Great pickup 




 Black bears are rather timid.  Mostly scared of humans.  They rarely attack.  So by asserting dominance over the bear by yelling, raising arms and jacket over head and being in groups scare the bear. Never really will you need to fight it. 


Brown bears will kill for territory, protection or anger.  Big bears with a bad temper. Never look an animal in the eye but never turn away.  Walk slowly backwards in a sign of retreat.  If the bear attacks,  play dead in fetal position protecting head and neck. 

None of these work if you surprise a bear or separate her and her kids.  You are in extreme danger. Never get in between a mama and her kids. Personally I'd physically fight back if this was the case.  




 I one time had ghonnerea...  Still not as bad as knowing coops around.  




 He looked like he was reenacting Kims debut movie 




 Good article.  I liked the "win cap at 42"  argument. /s... Where do these win projections come from? We add significant talent and give Karl a full season to work with and we improve by a pretty small margin. 

We also forget what adding this talent may do for Cousins.  He may just go off and be that superstar we are looking for in him. (more than already...  Nba championship carry superstar)  




 Yes 




 Mike trout 




 I fucking hate haribo gummy bears 




 Unless it's a gilrizzly... Then pull out the Bible and pray...  




 Absolutley wrong. Your piss is waste from your body.  You can drink your piss if is is relatively clear (consisting of a good amount of water...  Less waste). 

Chances are you are dehydrated and that's why your drinking piss.  This will actually cause enough hard and overwork your kidneys. 3 minutes without air, 3 days without water and 3 weeks without food. 

Find some fucking water. Distillation and boiling should be on everyone's know how list.  




 Did you end up dying tho?  




 Go with this crazy fuck 




 He showed it's possible in Atlanta and Houston. He was a big part of the off season whether stats show it or not.  


Acy is clearly not the better option due to Smith being more versatile.  




 Survival rules of three. How to spot infection and blood poisoning. [Serious] how to break a neck and limbs in self defense. Choke holds are necessary as well. 

To many things to know. 
 




 Promote-a-thon!

Rules: Everyone comes to work and does their job.  The person who does the most work on salary (per hour employees are not allowed overtime because we can't pay) and stays overtime receives an award at the end.  1000k annual raise for 1st place!  Second place gets $50 Walmart card.  3rd place get fired! 

Have fun!  




 We aren't signing Smith for shooting jumpers.  Josh has more talent than Acy on shooting jumpers.  He fills out the defensive role that we need in the four for a cheap price.  




 Rudy Gay shot 39% in Toronto.  




 There it was

Laying on top of my hand. 

Comforting and caressing it

Like burying my toes in the sand. 

As cool as the ocean mist

That left my face gently kissed

It is you that is my support 

And it is you who holds my head up high

I place my trust in you 

As I close my eyes and say goodnight. 

Purely white with total contrast

Of the smoke that my chimney billows. 

As the fireplace crackles. 

I find my comfort in you my pillows.  




 A sticky situation 




 WHY DOESN'T ANYONE HEAR US!?  PLEASE RESPOND!  




 *make joke* they laugh.  Say "Sorry,  I'm not as funny as I look".  




 Justin Beiber actually has talent in his acoustic works.  




 Will 




 Fuck you,  you smelly cock-eyed twat for reprimanding this douching fuck wit.  




 I'm so confused at who's the trash...?   Who isn't the trash..? WTF is a sperm bagel...? How did a shirtless girl turn me off...?   Are all Canadians this ugly...?  

Fuck..  I am about to vomit dirt.  




 Pull your dick out.  




 Verne 




 Dudes high 




 For the best bike store in Sacramento, go to Bikes Plus. One of the best bike stores in the area.  Amazing staff and great products.  Made the mistake of buying my bike from Folsom bikes and they Absolutley ripped me off. Long story. Their service is horrible and unprofessional.  I have sent most of my colleagues and family to Bikes plus or Performance bikes (if a beginner.)


City bikes downtown is also not a bad shop. 




 I'm down for as many as you can get me.   




 Cousins has 1% better FG average and is our first option.  We aren't bringing Smith on for points... We are bringing him on for boards and perimeter defense. Vet experience to boot. 

I hope Smith never accepts an Acy role.  I'd rather a Smith role. Play 4 and average 12 8 and I'd be content with that for 2.8 million... JT was almost 3x that and not as effective.  

Smith was a huge facilitator in Houstons playoff run.  Hit clutch shots and even,  dare I say,  looked like he had a 3pt shot going. He hasn't been in Atlanta for over 2 years and Detroit was a shit team for him where he felt he needed to shoot.  Maybe he will listen to his friends Rondo,  Gay and Cousins and play his role... 

I believe Smith makes a deal tomorrow or Wednesday. We will see but I truly believe he is our guy. You can have your 1/3 the ability PF that is exactly as he is advertised. 2.8 million for a guy who plays like a 2.8 million player.   I'd rather shop in the discount section and find a quality treasure. 2.8 million for a 6.5 million dollar player.  




 Bucks are my east coast team.  Love you guys.  Get ready for the ECF.  




 I read your comments...  You have no good reason to keep him out.  




 We add one more headband for Casspi to fix.  Happy Casspi  beard.  




 Josh smith has a higher FG% than Kobe...  (45%).  One predominantly a scorer and ones not so much.  Josh Smith isn't that reckless like people say.  He just was used to being the only option in atl so translated that to Detroit. Remember how bad Gays stats were when everyone wrote him off?  Josh smith's ceiling is ten times higher than Acys. Personally I'm not the biggest fan of Acy. Logically speaking,  why would you sign a guy who isn't even starting quality over a guy who was all star potential about 3 years ago? Choosing panda express over some homemade Chinese food!

We get a killer perimeter defender who has vet experience. We get him for super cheap and he already has established chemistry with 3 of our top players... Then there is Acy..  




 This is to real for me to laugh at...  Smh @ Cleveland  




 We shouldn't have signed bellinelli or Rondo before the GOAT.  he's the key to a championship  




 Acceptable answer.  


You take the extreme side of things...  




 Josh smith for 2.8... Acy for 2.8...? Smith anyday 




 We're just spoiled now ha 




 Feel like this should be done already.  




 Do you actually watch basketball?  




 Ok.  




 That would be amazing for sacramento 




 Ok 




 We can't afford Hollins...  Last time I bought a goat, it cost me three chickens and a cow.  




 [Source] "Kings owner tweets threat at inefficient President Vlade. Gives Weekend deadline to sign players or shave his beard and lose his job.  Cousins pissed" 




 I take them with a grain of salt because they have proven to have agendas. Stir up unnecessary drama.  I don't like meet the Kardashians.  Some might.  Idk. That's what alot of this is to me.  

When they come on with facts that are released to public like contract prices, length,  trades etc.  That's reliable.  Who cares about rumors at this point. 

Maybe I wouldn't be so jaded with them if there wasn't so much lying this off season.  




 Not saying you can't trust them.  Always know the context tho.  Perspective is huge. Is Skip Bayless knowledgeable,  have inside sources and connections?  Absolutley...  But do I take his opinion on Mayweather knowing he hates him?  Biased opinions. I'm just more skeptical about information and leaks.  I use these same writers and piece together the best I can an idea of what may be going on. 

Not trying to upset you.  




 A biased analysis that sells.  Controversy sells.  He stirs it.  Creates a problem that wasn't there...  Mountain out of mole Hill.  10k more followers.  Bam.  They have a job as well. They are great at it.  But by no means do I watch CNN and Fox and say...  "reputable"  sources. 


Everyone has an agenda.  Look at Woj. He was considered very reputable but then dropped all this bs. The other day,  Tobias Harris turned down a Kings max offer...  WTF?  All for ratings.  




 Damn...  Haha against the Knicks.  I went crazy  




 Yea but he doesn't care about that..  He's more proud of his 7 bookshelves.  




 Who is the guy is the read a book a day guy?  He's always on the YouTube ads.  Who is he and what has he accomplished?  
























