









 feels like. sword is moving through my stomach. and then my 5th or 6th trip to the bathroom the last couple of bowel movements that come out they sting, badly. Some of it is just mucus but it stings when it passes through. 

fucking awful. I fainted on the toilet for 45 minutes. I woke up on the floor with blood and mucus/poop on my leg. and my head hurt. awful make stop.  














 I will be answering questions for my cat, Fred who wanted to do an AMA.  









 No categories. Top 5 of everything.  









 A family walks into a talent agency. It's a father, mother, son, daughter and dog. The father says to the talent agent, "We have a really amazing act. You should represent us."

The agent says, "Sorry, I don't represent family acts. They're a little too cute."

The mother says, "Sir, if you just see our act, we know you would want to represent us."

The agent says, "OK. OK. I'll take a look."

The father pulls out a watermelon and shoves it in the daughters vagina. The daughter screams in pain from the giant fruit. Then the son takes off his shirt revealing a pink bra and starts fingering himself in the asshole. The mother takes off all of her clothes and starts to finger herself while the father feeds her x-lax pills. The father grabs the daughter and shoves her face right in the mothers butt hole that at that moment exploded with diarrhea all over her face and it filled up her mouth. The the daughter turned to the son and spat the diarrhea all over him. Then the father reaches in the girls vagina and pulls out the now stinky, cum covered watermelon and starts to hump it while the mother begins to shoot her explosive diarrhea in his direction. Then the son begins to rub his cock and cums all over the daughter. Then the father stops humping the watermelon and cums all over her. They continue to cum on her while the mother fills up a plastic kiddie pool with her crap and piss. They all jump in the human excrement and start to fuck each other. Now the pool is filled with cum and shit and piss. 

They jump out of the pool covered in cum and shit and piss and say "tada!".


For the longest time, the agent just sits in silence. Finally, he manages, "That's a hell of an act. What do you call it?"

And the father says, **"The Aristocrats!"**

 














 it* 







































 Keep in mind I'm American and now nothing on European Soccer.  





































































 I've been in the profession for 3-4 years now. AMA! 




 I noticed this is a movie a lot of people enjoyed. Is there something I'm missing with this movie? It's seem really highly rated but when I watch it there's no endearing quality about it, it's just a cheesy humor, action flick with not so great montages of a kid training while we watch the villain plot. Is this like a homage or satire? 

What am I missing? I feel like there's a joke and I missed it.  







































 So about 6-7 months ago I told my best friend at the time that his behavior was unacceptable when he got drunk: Example: Overly aggressive, violent, angry, mean, physical, arrogant, and insulting when he gets drunk. One night was the icing on the cake for me, and I told him when he was sober how I felt and that I think he might have a problem. Irregardless if he believes that he does, I didn't want to be around him when he drinks anymore because he treats people badly. 

In perfect him fashion, he said he disagrees with everything I said and never wants to talk to me about it again. 

Systematically the few months after that all of my friends stopped talking to me and asking me to hang out. Now i have no friends where I live and it makes me wonder if I had just gone along with it and put up with it maybe I will still have friends. 

None of them have spoken to me at all in the past 4 months.  





























 Guardians of the Galaxy 




 This happened many many years ago when I was in 5th grade but I was reminded of it today when I got a hard on. 

I used to think when I was younger that us men got boners because it meant we had to pee and the stiffy meant the penis was full of urine. 

So one day in class during silent reading time, I had an erection and stood up and walked to my teacher and asked if I may go to the bathroom. I was standing there with my pre-pubescent dick with a pitched tent and my teacher gave me the strangest look. I didn't think anything of it, I thought this was normal and all boys walked around like this when having to drain the snake. 

I went and finished my business and my member was flaccid again so I went back in the room and everyone was still looking at me. Later at recess people kept calling me Masturbating Matt and that set the tone for the rest of elementary school and middle school for me until I went to a high school where no one knew me. 

tl;dr thought my shaft getting rigor mortis meant it was time to go to the bathroom.  









 Missing person somewhere in Texas last seen:

My friend Thomas W. has been missing for over a week. He lives in Columbus Ohio and his last known whereabouts were somewhere in Texas where he was doing a job of some sort. He does not do drugs so this is very out of his character. He is also a father and needs to be found. If you know anything at all please PM me for facebook info.

Or if you know how to check hospitals or some type of database. He's never been in trouble or anything, but has been missing and his family is concerned.

[Current Picture](http://imgur.com/AFeRkJ1) 














 I wanted to take the time to thank Reddit and people on here for coming together to help the people in Nepal this past few days. We created /r/NepalEarthquake   /r/LangtangRelief both awesome subreddits. Watching it unfold has been extremely motivating, seeing people work together tirelessly. 

We got all this info from people in Nepal, someone who is even talking to people in Langtang via SAT phone to see what they need food wise. News articles, local contact, helping one another find lost ones or missing ones with a missing/found google doc database. 

I find it fascinating   motivating how beautifully the internet can be used to resource and connect people so quickly. 

The /r/NepalEarthquake subreddit is really awesome seeing how fast people have compiled a compendium of everything so quickly- with the sole purpose of helping one another. 


It's fascinating to see the results of what happens when people work as a part of a global team.

Thanks for listening to my ramble. I just wanted to say thank you reddit. You're awesome. 

TL;DR - Motivated by Redditors working together to help Nepal Earthquake victims. 









 It's rare. 

**bagpipper-onnen (OP)**: MacFarlane has to be bangin Amanda Seyfriend, he's casting her in everything he does. 

**AckleyKid1990**: Yeah wow he's cast her in two whole movies. That's insane. If that's how it works, Leo Dicaprio and Scorcese must be married with three kids, a poodle, a couple of Prius' and a beach house in Lake Geneva by now.


**theshape26**:Yep, DiCaprio and Scorsese are together. It's a long story. Now, it's never been publicly revealed but from 1973 to 1995, Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro were an item. Unfortunately, Scorsese caught De Niro in bed with Joe Pesci and they broke up. Scorsese stopped casting De Niro   Joe Pesci's career pretty much died. 

Then in 2001, Scorsese ran into DiCaprio at a party and they started talking. They had met in 1993 when Leo was still a teen, at the premiere of This Boy's Life. They were introduced by... Robert De Niro! 

By the way, for those wondering, De Niro and Pesci broke up in 2006 and in 2011, De Niro started an affair with Bradley Cooper. They also knew each other from before when they briefly talked, at The Actor's Studio when De Niro was a guest in 1998.

 




 I'm hoping there is some existing software out there that would accept a google spreadsheet, and render them as points in a map

I'm not familiar with GIS much, wondering if anyone may be able to help?  







































 your* 



















 Fuck you Disney/Pixar. Fuck you. The first ten minutes...really? Well fuck you.  


































 Every time I've used that word/acronym with people it ends up being responses like "oh i get that when i eat taco bell, just take some tums or stop eating pizza youll be fine."
We should just called CCD or Colitis   Crohn's Disease. Please it would be a major help if you all in this community could sign my .gov petition and pass it on to people so the government may help us change it as a medical term.



http://wh.gov/iBX6z


Thank you. :)

 














 I saw a cool ranch Doritos chip laying on the ground near my dinner table, must have been dropped on the ground when I had a snack several hours earlier in the day. I ate it. It tasted like cat urine, because my cat had urinated on it. 

Surprisingly, cat urine tastes a lot like cool ranch Doritos, the aftertaste on my breath at least. My own fault. I knew my cat was looking to get back at me for giving him a bath a week ago, I just didn't know this would be his plan. The feud lives on Brian.  

TL;DR: Ate chip soaked in cat urine.  









 So I have just about finished season one of Twin Peaks. A couple things I would like to ask: 

Among fans of Twin Peaks, is there a running joke about how many times Agent Cooper drinks coffee, or how excited he is every episode when he gets an amazing cup of coffee, minus fish in the one sip he had. 

I can't tell if some of it is bad acting or if it is done purposely, there are some really hilarious lines. I really feel bad for the girl's dad, but ...damn if it wasn't hilarious watching him try to dance to those swing/big band songs that kept coming on. Should I be laughing at that? lol

I have never seen any David Lynch before, so I am new to his creations and style of directing. 

I was told to watch the movie after I am finished with season 2, is this correct? It looks like a prequel though, is it worth watching?



EDIT: Just finished Episode 8 with the cliffhanger of an ending. Wow. Season 1 was marvelous if for nothing else than that wonderful soundtrack of glory. Running theme of the first season: Almost every female relationship the female is being abused somehow. 

I knew I recognized James from somewhere, he was also in A Few Good Men.  



















 
Just watched the first episode of Twin Peaks for the first time, why is this guy (on the right) randomly doing a strange wormy jig off camera in the background? It's so random...made me laugh out loud. Is this show full of random quirks like this?

 I was originally recommended to watch this show because I love the X-Files, I recognize the music will be a bit weird because this came out 25 years ago, but it seems to be rich full of randomness that just makes me giggle and I love it. 


Here's the link http://i.imgur.com/ZxXXxOm 




 I work a Lowe's and I was chatting with a customer for about twenty minutes about paint mixtures. We had been joking back and forth, and I called her a jerk out of sarcasm/joke. It was clear it was a joke. She says I need to learn how to talk to people because saying things like that is what gets people killed....... 









 I was in my car driving home from Easter Dinner with my mum and a large white spider started crawling across my windshield. I was almost home so I pulled over and put my emergency lights on. 


After this I tried to kill him with my hands but he foiled my attempts at squashing with my clumsy hands and he landed on the passenger side dashboard. I then got a bunch of paper I had laying around in my passenger sit and rolled it up to swat him. 


For whatever reason he survived it and fell on my passenger seat then he scurried away onto the passenger side ground among all the trash I had laying there. 

The worst possible outcome happened. I lost sight of him. He disappeared. I drove home with my car lights on keeping a watchful eye on that side of the car. Then I got home..not sure if I'll ever drive that car again


EDIT: Spider dead. Went down to my car to try and retrieve my cellphone this morning and I saw him crouched against the weather stripping on the driver's side window on the inside. I rolled my window down and he started crawling out on the outside door frame. I threw water on him. He fell to the ground. I stepped on him. I can drive my car now.  









 It was on An Corp, somehow it stopped, was on UOF, now it's on UO:R almost every night...weirdly in the middle of the night which seems dumb because it's not in prime time but...wtf? I don't understand, why can't they just stop. 




 Anyone else see this movie? It has Casey Affleck and Myatt Damon in it. I made my brother watch it and it was the worst 100 minutes of his life so he tells. What do you all think?  




 I just watched Going Clear, I understand it's subjective, but this is one question I have had. 


EDIT: Would like to tag as Serious. 




 In Columbus, Ohio I have found that public toilets have been raised at least 6-10 inches, in several places. I don't know if this is nationwide but what would the rationale for it be? We're not getting any taller on average as American Men.  









 My best friend has a girlfriend who is from another country (one of the Scandinavian countries i dont want to say which dont want to give away their identity or anything).
She got a school visa to come to school here. She graduated from undergrad, then she got her graduate degree as well. She is currently working at a job, but they will not help her stay by saying they absolutely need her or whatever on her immigration forms for a visa. She has an immigration firm that is helping her with the massive application process but she is going to have to move away in 4-5 months and be deported if she does not figure out another way.


They could get married, theyve been dating for a while, but they don't want to do that because it wouldn't be "sincere." I mean they do love each other, but not ready for marriage and yet neither one wants her to go. She wants to stay, he wants her to stay.


I want to be able to help because I hate seeing him sad. I know her place of employment had to fill out a certain section of her application and they refused to which I guess was the only way she could stay?
Any advice?


EDIT: lives in the United States, South Carolina. 




 My best friend has a girlfriend who is from another country (one of the Scandinavian countries i dont want to say which dont want to give away their identity or anything). 

She got a school visa to come to school here. She graduated from undergrad, then she got her graduate degree as well. She is currently working at a job, but they will not help her stay by saying they absolutely need her or whatever on her immigration forms for a visa. She has an immigration firm that is helping her with the massive application process but she is going to have to move away in 4-5 months and be deported if she does not figure out another way. 

They could get married, theyve been dating for a while, but they don't want to do that because it wouldn't be "sincere." I mean they do love each other, but not ready for marriage and yet neither one wants her to go. She wants to stay, he wants her to stay. 

I want to be able to help because I hate seeing him sad. I know her place of employment had to fill out a certain section of her application and they refused to which I guess was the only way she could stay? 

Any advice?

EDIT:  lives in the United States, South Carolina.  




 I'm asking seriously I read the AMA but don't understand a lot of the jokes. What is the big deal with this movie? Thanks :) 




 I worked as a manager of Blockbuster Video from 2005-2010. I started as a CSR for the first year then was promoted to Shift Lead, then Ast. Store Manager. 

I'm not really sure what I would show you as proof, I don't really have anything like an old name tag or anything like that. My knowledge to your questions will have to be the proof lol.  





























 I'm a former shift lead/manager. I'll post mine in the comment section

Edit: specific walk-in experience stories 









 hopefully original enough. Who would be your allies, if any? What powers if any would you have? 2D Sonic style? Or 3D? FPS? RPG? Or maybe you're game would be Guitar Hero or Rock Band? Lay out your game in the comments! 




 http://schoolcounselingfilms.blogspot.com/

I'm in graduate school for school counseling so I had to make a blog and this is what I came up with. Still a work in progress but I like the premise. 
 




 I cried at the scene in 28 days later where Jim finds his parents dead holding a photograph of his younger self. I dunno why, it's just heartbreaking. It's not typically a movie I would cry in like in The Notebook or something.  



















 Has to be in the same exact order anytime you speak, same exact phrasing and words. Anytime someone asks you a question or talks to you, this is all you can say to them in person, phone, internet, school, everything.  



















 Why was it cancelled in 2010? I thought it was excellent.  




 I posted this as a comment on Ask Reddit on a question about what is the strangest house rule you have come across in your life. This is mine. Someone suggested I put it in /r/creepy and while I am not sure if it is up to part with some of the other posts I have seen here and I have no pictures...here is Cuddle time. 

When I was ten years old, my friend's family had something called cuddle time. When cuddle time started, my friend, his parents, his autistic brother, and his other younger brother would get into bed naked and cuddle. I'm not joking. Luckily, I didn't have to and I left the house and haven't spoken with him since. Literally I walked out the door and walked to a payphone and called my mom. Creepiest shit I ever witnessed. It irks me to this day.

I mean...the way it started out was just bizarre. Anyone ever seen Clerks 2? The way Randall looks at Elias when he tells the story of pillow pants? That's how I looked at my friend and his family when he told me it was "cuddle time" 

He started taking his clothes off in front of me, like it wasn't a big deal and it was completely normal and I should join them. In their defense, they said I didn't have to. They said it's just something they do for family unity or bonding or some shit. I dunno. I got the fuck out.  



















 Around 6PM today I ate a piece of chocolate. About five minutes later I realized I had to go poop. I went to go poop and it was one of the worst experiences I have had pooping in a long time. I was in there for two hours. 

It felt like having a double edged sword swimming around im my stomach constantly laughing at my plight. The laughing would signify the bubble/stomach groans I often felt in the middle, like my stomach was a goblet of fire. 

To make matters worse I was reading that reddit post that was on the front page a day or so ago asking the question of whether or not a fart can overtake a poop or vice versa in the intestine. I pondered this questions while pooping on my own as I would poop then bubble out some farts, then poop. 

I stood up and was exhausted to the point to where I couldn't stand. I felt 'drunk.' So I laid down. 

Five minutes later I realized I wasnt through pooping. The shear amount of force I put into each strain made me feel like I was just going to shit my colon out. I got through round two seemingly quicker, only about thirty minutes. 

I sat on my bed again. Then realized I still wasn't finished. This time it was mostly urine being forced out but yet a bubble in my stomach caused an avalanche of poop and now red blood to come out. Round three was surely the end? Nope. 

It went on like this for about eight rounds. I went and sat in my chair and watched the movie 42. After it was finished round nine started. 

I've decided not to ever eat again. Obviously, yes, I have Crohn's Disease but this is probably the worst day I've ever had. The most pain. 

I often wonder what would have happened if I didn't eat that piece of chocolate. Maybe my poops would have been spread out over time and not been as painful. I have no idea. 


TIFU by eating a piece of chocolate and then pooped for an entire day.  




 My name is Sean. Pronounced Shawn. It rhymes with Yawn. Not Seen.

 I drove to pickup my chinese food order which I ordered online from my apartment. It's been really snowy lately so it was a bit of a hassle driving there but I finally arrived. 

Hello, pick up?

yeah

name?

Sean

uhhhh, last name?

*******

internet order?

yeah, am I early or something?

oh, Seen.

what?

your name Seen

no, my name Sean

says Seen on ticket

says Sean on ticket

*takes my credit card*

sure its not Seen?

yeah pretty sure

why it spelled like that

ask my parents

(Asian woman in background saying something, probably talking shit)
*little boy laughs and stares at me*

thanks?

ok bye

bye

-end-

I took my food and went out into my car and drove home, which is only a 5-10 minute drive. I realized they forgot my chicken fried rice, so I drove back. When I got there it was very busy in the back behind the counter like lots of people there. The same kid came up to the counter and said,

 "Oh..Seen again"

"No..Sean...again, you forgot chicken fried rice in bag" 

*I handed him my receipt* 

*He looked at everyone in the back which was about 4-6 people and said "we forgot seen rice" and everyone started laughing.*

They handed me some rice and I left, somehow feeling ashamed because I was born with the spelling of my name Sean. A bunch of Chinese food employees at the China Wok made fun of me for it and had a nice laugh over it. 


TIFU by ordering chinese food...and then became insecure about my name...lol  









 For those who havent seen or read Harry potter, a boggart is an amortal shape-shifting non-being that takes on the form of the viewer's worst fear. 





































































 Thanks to /u/Qaz for the assist. Never seen a snipe for an assist before. Good counting with you /u/Bausse, I was rooting for you to get an assist or win the GET. Servers went busy around 996 it was chaos we had so many people trying to count all at once, like 5-6 people lol. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3a0jf0/405k_counting_thread/cs9bumc?context=3) 









 Apologies to /u/KingCaspianX   /u/Mooraell for the snipe. I know Mooraell wanted that one and honestly you deserved it. 

I will never snipe again. You guys had some amazing counts in there. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/39sgv7/404k_counting_thread/cs85f1b?context=3) 



















 I FUCKED UP REDDIT. I FUCKING FUCKED UP. THIS IS WHAT I GET. 

FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. 

A spider came down on his web from my ceiling and ONTO MY FUCKING LAP PILLOW. He landed on the pillow and began crawling across it, I was frozen in place unable to fucking move by this unsettling and surprising move. 

Out of a rush of panic and delirium i used MY FUCKING HANDS to squish him into the pillow. But the pillow isn't a hard surface, there isn't enough surface friction there, I don't know if I killed him because I CANT FIND HIS GUTS OR CORPSE. 

And to make matters worse I think he is a spiderling babe, so THERES PROBABLY MILLIONS OF THEM PLOTTING REVENGE. 

I'm so fucked reddit. I gotta burn my apartment down. MY CAT IS NO FUCKING HELP. FAT CAT ASSHOLE. 

I'm gonna try and find him, but my carpet is brown and my shorts/ and recliner are both black. FUCK. I'll try and update as the situation progresses into the early morning. Not sleeping tonight. 

**UPDATE: Well reddit, I can't find anything. I can't find the spider's remains or his guts or his live body. Save yourself reddit. I'm a goner. I think maybe I will buy a hotel tonight. I'll bring my cat, as lazy and fat as he is, I don't want him to be killed. This is the end, I'm sure of it.**

Update: Still not found. Hard to sleep. Got a hotel with my cat the next two nights and set a bug bomb off in the apartment...

**TL;DR  can't find the spider i did or did not kill, may have to leave all my possessions and move...tonight**   









 Comet 









 This was a great forgotten film I feel like. It wasn't the best of movies, but it had some good acting, a solid story, and enough weirdness to say the time was well spent watching this creation. 

So here's the discussion: What other forgotten films do you think are good? (or films no well known by the general movie buff) 




 It's still the strangest movie I've ever seen.  





























 Thanks to /u/KingCaspianX for counting down the last 200 with me! 


[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/38zjo4/393k_counting_thread/cs16qdh) 







































 They were working not 20 minutes ago. When a video ended I went to start another one and VLC crashed immediately. I went to try the last video file that worked but it crashed too. I tried using my other video players but they all crash immediately.  HDC, VLC, Realplayer, itunes, they all crash when i start to play a video file- audio files they play fine. 

I do not know why it started doing that so suddenly. It happened yesterday too, but I ran a malwarebytes scan and got rid of some malware and then it started working again. However, I ran malware again and it found nothing today. So I am confused. 

I have windows 7, 64bit, 8GB Ram 

All my graphics card drivers are up to date. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the video players. Any suggestions?  














 Does anyone think that this lady probably had a bothan husband? The way she conveys the information is so sad and filled with such sorrow. 

I'm willing to bet one of the dead bothans was her lover. 

[Bothans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQeabed9N9M) 



















 I have Windows 7, 64 bit

8GB RAM

I have had VLC for a long time, it's fully updated and the newest version. I began using it a few hours ago to watch a television show .avi file and another was a .mkv file. It worked fine as it has always worked fine.
Then I decided to listen to some music. So I listened to an audio file on the VLC player. When I was finished I went back to the video file and VLC crashed. It kept crashing upon trying to open a video file. It still plays music files .mp3 but not mp4, .avi. or .mkv files. It just crashes immediately.
I tried uninstalling and reinstalling which did not work, as well as resetting all the preferences. Troubleshooted some stuff on youtube/google but couldn't find anything that was like this issue.

In addition, I tried installing older versions to no avail. I also ran a virus scan, but nothing changed.

EDIT: Fixed it. I ran Malwarebytes and it removed some malware and now VLC runs again. Weird. Keeping this thread up in case someone encounters same issues. I had originally run Avast Virus Scanner and it found nothing so I figured it was okay.  




 I have Windows 7, 64 bit 

8GB RAM

I have had VLC for a long time, it's fully updated and the newest version. I began using it a few hours ago to watch a television show .avi file and another was a .mkv file. It worked fine as it has always worked fine. 

Then I decided to listen to some music. So I listened to an audio file on the VLC player. When I was finished I went back to the video file and VLC crashed. It kept crashing upon trying to open a video file. It still plays music files .mp3 but not mp4, .avi. or .mkv files. It just crashes immediately. 

I tried uninstalling and reinstalling which did not work, as well as resetting all the preferences. Troubleshooted some stuff on youtube/google but couldn't find anything that was like this issue. 

In addition, I tried installing older versions to no avail. I also ran a virus scan, but nothing changed. 


EDIT: I ran Malwarebytes and it removed some malware and then I tried VLC again and it worked. Weird.  




 Last thread was great! Wonderful counting by everyone, especially the last 300. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/38ndut/389k_counting_thread/crwkl5s?context=3) 



































































































 I am seeking assistance to obtain a mural painted on work building to help liven up the surrounding community a bit. It also goes to support a local artist in Columbus, Ohio. It also helps the artist attend art school. 

[Here is the page](http://www.gofundme.com/vz6t53u) Any amount is helpful and if you are unable to donate a share on facebook or twitter is equally as valuable. Thank you so much! 
























   'I've got your permit right here!' And thus began the best movie ever filmed. Kung Fury, a short film, about a cop who becomes Kung Fury, master Kung-Fu martial artist, via lightning/cobra strike. 
He protects the city of Miami from crime with his super awesome one liners and impenetrable forces. This adventure he must hack time with the help of his friend Hackerman to rid the world of Hitler, who wants the pwoer of Kung Fury for himself. 
         
Written   directed by David Sandberg, it was originally a trailer turned into short film. Made with the help of an amazing kickstarting campaign what David Sandberg has accomplished here is nothing short of brilliance in animation   filmmaking. After my first viewing, I thought it would be better if it could be a feature length film. Then I realized, I could just watch the film three times in a row and it would fulfill that need. 

 This film has everything you could ever want from an over the top, cheesy one liner 80's flick. 

1. Laser-Raptors

2. Hitler, the villain

3. Triceracop- Half mancop/Half Triceratop

4. David Hasselhoff singing 80s style music 

5. Cheesy one-liners 

6. Arcade machines with lasers trying to kill people 

7. Thor 

8. Barbarianna   Katana, Viking Age warrior women with machine guns

9. The Nintendo Power Glove hacking time with 80s computers 'breaking' time. 

10. T-Rex Vs Golden Metal Eagle monster fight with small t-rex arms vs small eagle legs. 

11. Anime sequence with cobras as spirit animals.

12.  Amazing action sequence where Kung Fury takes on Hitler's minions. This scene is perhaps one of the greater achievements of the film. It reminded me of playing Mega Man   Sonic where the POV moves horizontally. Simply genius. 

13. Cheesy product placement. 

**14. And finally paying homage to Laser Unicorns with the beginning arcade game being laser unicorns and a laser unicorn seen in the anime sequence when Fury goes to 'heaven'.**



 Every so often a film comes along, once in a lifetime, where it makes you rethink your entire life. This is that film. The greatest film ever made.  I salute this film. And now will go watch it again. 

**Also, watch the film in 144P or the lowest setting on youtube if you can. It's better than HD. HD is good, but to get the full effect, go for the lowest setting in quality.** 













































































































 I have an HP All in one. It is old I got it in 2011. I have used it to play two games in the past: Ultima Online and Dark Age of Camelot. It's always worked fine playing UO, never any overheating problems. I've never had any problems with Dark Age of Camelot until today. I went to re-download the game and play after haven't played for about a year...

When I go to patch the game, which takes some time to patch 3 GBs... my GPU gets up to around 80 degrees and the computer shuts off so I have to wait for it to cool down. I have a fan pointed at my computer to help, but it doesn't help so much. I don't have my computer connected to a TV or anything. 

What could have changed in the past year that my computer would start overheating playing a game I've played for years on this machine? What can I do to ensure it won't overheat without having to buy anything at this juncture? 

My drivers are all up to date. I have ATI Radeon HD 5570 









 Does anyone know if they have an ETA on when they are coming back up? It's a free server.  
























 One of my favorite films growing up. It's not a particularly good film, but it is pretty awesome. It's such a different superhero type movie. 
[Anyone remember this movie?](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099365/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_1) 



















 His Aunt Arctica. 






*source: The Oatmeal*  









   I watched this movie again today. I figured it would be different than the last I watched it which was when I was 15/16. I liked it a lot then and I loved it even more now. 

  I understand the director has made really terrible films since this starting with The Village; however, Unbreakable is quite amazing. I enjoyed the acting from Samuel L Jackson. I think, besides a few other roles it may have been his best acting job. I liked the cinematography and the music. It gave each character a theme much like superhero films. For Bruce Willis, his character had cool colors always around him, greens   blues. While the supposed supervillain was immersed in purple. I liked that contrast. 

I think what I enjoyed most in the movie was this idea of understanding our place in this world. 

I liked watching it in contrast with the influx of all the comic book movies that are popular right now. This is so different from them, even more different than Nolan's Batman films. His Batman's films attempted a sense of more realism I think, but this film captures it ...differently, much more dramatic less action. 

What are some movies similar to this? I can't think of any. It's unique.  




























































































































 Why couldn't they beam Spock/Khan back to the Enterprise while they are fighting? Chekov says it is become he can't get a lock because they are moving. But..in Star Trek (2009), he beams Kirk and Sulu back on board when they are falling without a parachute. So they were moving a lot faster/worse then, why can't he simply do the same this time when all they are doing is fighting?

Also...wasn't Kirk dead too long for them to save him. I mean, he was dead for what 30 minutes? That's...I don't understand this. So..Khan's blood can effectively raise the dead? Why don't they just harvest his blood? 




 I've seen 1, 2 and 3. I enjoyed 1 actually because it was more in space n shit. I liked Wrath of Khan a lot and the search for spock was interesting to say the least but wasn't really as good as 2, but it was better than 1. 

I read the synopsis for 4..and ..humpback whales? It just seems kind of strange. So out of 4, 5, and 6 which one is seen as next best from 2? 









 I heard some stuff about insurance money 10 million dollars not to play golf ever again. But that was over a year ago. He was a solid golfer, I loved watching him play.  





























 What order should I read middle earth books in? 

I have read The Hobbit   Lord of the Rings. 

Here's what other books I have. 

Children of Hurin, Lost Tales Part 1, Lost Tales Part 2, The Silmarillion,   The Lays of Belariand  



















 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What was it like growing up with a super long tongue?
2. Did people ever pick on you for it?
3. How has the mini-fame/viral youtube stuff gone?
4. What can you do that others with smaller tongues cannot?
5. What are your career goals?

**Public Contact Information:** 

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LongTongueLewis/with_replies)

[Time Article with her youtube page](http://time.com/3856806/adrianne-lewis-long-tongue-guinness-world-record-viral/) 
























 She would have had to turn you down. It's not ethical. We go through vigorous training in graduate school for counseling just for situations like this.  




 413,002 




 There's a leaderboard for people sniped by Maniac? 

I want a go at him. But the last time we tied on time stamp but he got there just a bit faster. The fastest I have been able to compile is 3 seconds and i think I did a normal number at 2 seconds 




 413,000 




 Thanks to /u/KingCaspianX for the assist and thanks to /u/TheNitromeFan for handing over for the last 130 or so. Very selfless counters here!!!!  Also, sorry to /u/sparklydude I know you wanted us to slow down :/

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3b3sbn/412k_counting_thread/csjbcht?context=3) 




 thanks for the assist. and thanks very much to /u/TheNitromeFan for handing it over. I wouldn't have sniped if you kept for it. :) Thank God Maniac wasnt here, I was slow on that one  




 413,000
 




 412,998 




 412,996 




 412,994 




 412,992 




 412,990 




 412,988 




 412,986 




 412,984 




 412,982 




 412,980 




 412,978 




 412,976 




 412,974 




 412,972 




 412,970 




 412,968 




 412,966 




 412,964 




 412,962 




 412,960 




 412,958 




 412,956 




 412,954 




 412,952 




 412,950 




 412,948 




 412,946 




 412,944 




 412,942 




 412,940 




 412,938 




 412,936 




 412,934 




 412,932 




 412,930 




 412,928 




 412,926 




 412,924 




 412,922
 




 412,920 




 412,918 




 412,916 




 412,914 




 412,912 




 412,910 




 412,908 




 412,906 




 412,904 




 412,894 




 412,892 




 412,888 




 412,886 




 412,880 




 412,872 




 412,860 




 412,834 




 412,828 




 Thanks for posting the OG  




 Cockatoo's are a trip.  




 or dragonforce 




 412,568 




 412,566 




 412,564 




 412,562 




 412,560 




 kung fury? 




 Nobody gets trained to jam out to Queen. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold stranger!!!! 




 411,593 









 411,548 




 411,542 




 411,536 




 411,494 




 411,492 









 411,451 

great count 




 The background really hits the nail on the head.  




 411,446 









 yes. the kitty 




 yes 




 You're hopeless 




 Yes. The higher your vibe the more money you can get for free from the kitty  




 Oh. lol. I'm USA. It says Hawt. Why does it have to say Hawt. ugh. hipsters 




 Do you wanna add me? NNID spkeck805 




 Oh wow it changes to "On-fire"  




 Yeah I found it . it's nice.  




 whats that ? Can you buy it regularly or do you need to do a challenge or something?
 




 Yeah, it's possible she's never worked with special ed kids before and therefore doesn't understand not to put a student in a trash can. 

can confirm: am educator 




 I don't do good with the sniper weapons so I stay away from them. I do like the dynamo roller but its sooo slow lol 




 Yeah the aerospray is nasty. I've only lost two or three times with it in turf wars today. though in ranked, i dont do as well 




 411,038 




 Inkbrush. Yuck. Not a fan. Glad it worked for someone though!  




 I got mine to 14.0 (So Hawt) The Aerospray gun really is awesome for points.  




 Fur-Loaf 




 411,036 




 That's the thing. I didn't know what an amiibo was. I didn't know it was an actual physical toy thing you buy in a box and then scan on your gamepad. I bought this game through wii u virtual so I didn't buy the game physically or anything. So I was unaware you had to physically buy something to complete the 'extra' challenges. 

Edit: why was this down voted?  




 I want hot dog-o


Edit: Bonus points if you know what movie this is from 




 You did yell about that joke. Relevant username. 




 The final boss was hard enough I dunno how I would beat him with a roller lol 




 Wow. I didn't know Splatoon was so popular. I guess Splatoon really helped the Wii U come into prominence again lol.  




 No I just saw people in game with these awesome outfits and stuff and wanted them for myself. So I though..maybe I have to beat single player. So I beat single player and got the sweet aerospray gold weapon which upped my scores in turf war considerably about by 6-700 a round I was getting about 1100 on avg now im getting around 1600 with that thing, and then the Gold Roller

But I want that head that DJ Octavio is wearing and I read online you have to do the amiibo challenges, so I looked how to actually do the challenges but it doesnt say anywhere online. It just says there are challenges so I was confused. 

So I have to buy a physical toy and scan the box.  




 No. I do not. I was unaware you had to do that.  




 Ohhh...so you have to go a store and buy an amiibo? Does Best Buy have them?  




 No I am not joking.  I don't know what you mean by lack of stock joke . I didnt' know you had to actually go out somewhere and buy it in real life.  




 I defeated Hero Mode (single player) on Splatoon for the first time, all 27 levels and the main boss. Now I want to get that samurai hat and I know you get it from one of the challenges, but how do I 'buy' the amiibo inklings to do the challenges? Where do I go?  




 You're fired bud. I'm sorry.  




 The Undertaker isn't random if you see that #2 is "List of WWE Wrestler's"  




 410,058 




 410,056

US women beat Colombia 2-0. Horrid offense from US though.  




 410,041 

and i sniped a palindrome :) But yeah he jumped in there towards the middle of 950  




 410,039 

yah quality counting. 410,000 and 409,098 were some of the better counts I've seen.  




 nice man! congrats!  




 409,914

servers busssyyy. its all yours nobreadtsicks 




 409,904

sniping palindrome!!!! 




 /r/riskyclicks 




 409,600 




 409,592 




 409,590 




 ' 




 409,211

im gonna go and eat dinner. nice counting with you again.  














 I lost 15 straight at one point. It was just pathetic. I tried everything, but my teammates kept going over to their side to try to kill them when they respawned....which wasn't working so it left me and one other teammate to try and get the splatzone which doesnt work when its 3 on 2 or 3 on 1. 

If you're the type of player that goes over to the enemy side during splatzone please stop. Every time you do we end up losing to the Japanese players and their god damn sniping machines.  




 I feel like this would be harder to produce than regular voice acting.  




 I need some friends. My name is is spkeck805 NNID. And my nickname is "American" ....lol because I play with Japanese all the time I figured I'd let them know I'm not Japanese. haha. 

Will some people add me?  




 Is there a way to be on your friend's team instead of it randomly placing you against your friend or on their team?  
























 414,747 




 414,745


Bucky 




 414,743 

Bucky 




 414,741

Bucky 




 414,739 




 414,737 




 414,735 




 414,733 




 414,731 




 414,729 




 414,727 




 414,725 




 414,723 




 414,721 




 414,719 

Bucky 




 414,717

Bucky 




 414,715 




 Well the problem is I don't have this issue with ZombiU or any other game on Wii U 




 It just seems kind of crappy that we lost team points in ranked when someone DCs. You can't win a 3v4, I've never seen it. It's very rare. 

It's about 4 out of 10 games this happens.

It's only with Splatoon I have this issue.  




 414,706 

Even from your picture I don't see it. I'm not sure what you're referring to Maniac. 
 




 414,693

My username is Bucky if that's what you're referring to but I have never said Bucky after a count.  




 414,689 

Bucky....


What do you mean? No one types Bucky after counts 




 414,653 




 414,651 




 414,649 




 414,642 




 No it's all about the girth 




 414,638 




 414,635

Maybe 




 414,632

Splatoon 




 OP pls answer. plsss 




 414,627

Bucky 




 414,625

Bucky 




 I've noticed you just bounce off them if you try to roll on top of them, so I don't use the weapon anymore. It's fast, but not a good weapon.  




 414,623

Bucky......................... 




 414,621

Bucky 




 414,619

Bucky..... 




 Does anyone have constant problem with connection? My connection is fine, it works great and I never have any problems but about 35-40% of my matches someone always has a disconnect problem and it starts us with 3 people so it's 3v4 and then we lose terribly. Or it happens to the other team, same thing with ranked games. 

Wondering if anyone else has problems in games like this. 

Do you think they will at some point fix it so when someone disconnects your team won't be penalized?  




 414,617

Bucky..... 




 414,615

Bucky.... 




 You spelled acquired wrong.  




 414,522

I did.  




 414,519 

Bucky.... 




 414,517 

Bucky.... 




 414,477 




 414,469 




 414,467

Bucky.... 









 414,462 




 414,460 




 414,457 

bucky.... 




 414,448 




 This is why you need official anal beads. They have a string.  




 there is no dom/sub in our relationship we are vers 




  It clearly means that they are intolerant to "ANY" opinion that is different then their own.

No it doesn't.  




 That's certainly one way to interpret that definition.  




 It doesn't have to be all. They do fit the description. Those are actions, things that are intolerant. You can disagree and that's fine for you to have that opinion, but I do not agree with it. 

I never said someone that is racist is intolerant to all different opinions.  




 no. you can unlock everything in a week basically. Even the stuff on single player  "hero mode." 

It's a great game except there's only two types of games to play. Splat zone- ranked or turf war. That's it. You can't do turf war on ranked, and you can only play with friends on regular games and you may not be on their team because it is randomized. 

They have a wide variety of weapons and armor/clothing to wear, but only 8-9 maps and you can only play 2 every 4-8 hours until they change them. Every time you open the game the splat sisters talk and you have to scroll through their repetitive talking every time they change courses, which is fine a couple days- then it gets annoying and you can't skip it. 

The upsides are that it is seemingly a fun game. However, they are 4v4 matches so if someone loses internet and it's 3 v 4 you will assuredly get your butt kicked.  




 Nope. But I find this satire poking fun at the week's events to be amusing.  




 it's a joke. stop trying to analyze it.  




 ....k but they have no soul 




 I usually only call someone a bigot when they refer to black people as dirty n-word, say gay marriage is the same as pedophilia, or says "President N-Word" - This is what I imagine is a bigot.  




 Nah 




 im all rainbow like 




 414,196

bucky 




 414,169

bucky 




 414,098 

bucky... 




 414,071

Bucky.... 




 414,069 




 Do you guys have trolls in Finland? Like, do you have a Troll Hunter there?  




 my best friend is a lesbian and I emailed her only to get an "away" auto response "fucking"  




 LGBT.  




 Nope i wont click that.  




 i concur.  




 Starfleet does. 




 Oh dude. I'm a counselor. I can help you get empathy.  




 Hesher was the shit. Fuck that was a great movie. So was Manic. Don Cheadle was great in that movie too  




 413,595

Bucky.... 




 413,593

Bucky......... 




 413,591

Bucky.... 




 413,582 




 413,579 




 413,577 




 413,575 




 413,573

Bucky.... 




 I can't speak for someone I do not know. Mirroring your behavior is a common counseling technique though, such as what you say, we call it re-framing or summarizing. Might be different than what you are describing. 

I can't speak for a counselor who I do not know but if you felt like she was coming on to you, then I am sorry. That should not happen in our profession. It's in our ethical codes and standards that we not have dual relationships like that. It's harmful to the client. And most importantly our job is to advocate for our client. So I can see how that experience may have not helped you any. Not all counselors are like that, if she was indeed doing that, again I can't speak for a situation I had no part in. 

I can't speak to her mannerisms or the way she counsels, maybe that's just the things she does? With her hair, lip licking, mirroring, necklace touching...I really don't know. 

It's not unheard of for a counselor to check up on a client once they have terminated their sessions. She could have generally been concerned, again I do not know. 

I always tell clients that they can tell me anything, so if they had an attraction to me and told me. I would thank them for telling me, I would go over the part in the ethical standards with them and then I would refer them to another counselor. At that point, the relationship would have been damaged. It really depends how severe it was. But it would make the relationship a bit awkward. It's not a rejection so much as doing the right thing for them. There are some situations where an attraction cannot be avoided like for a school counselor if they have a student who is attracted to them. They can't refer them to someone else. So it has to be maintained appropriately. But those are younger kids who are malleable and easier to work with I think. 

Likewise, I also see a therapist and if I were attracted to her, I couldn't see her.  




 413,561 




 if it brings out it's fabulous it's because it is interested in you. This is fact.  




 413,528 




 413,526

Meow  




 413,524 




 413,522

im gonna go get amped up for women's soccer.see everyone later 




 413,520 

why not? You're making wonderful counts man.  




 413,518

Quality count right there. a 517!!! WOW! 




 413,516

Yours. 




 413,514

your counting technique is unparalleled  




 413,512 




 413,510

WOW WHAT A COUNT!!!! 




 413,507 




 413,505 




 413,503

great count!!!! 




 413,501

what? 




 413,499 




 413,497

yes? 




 413,495 

yes?
 




 413,493 




 413,491 




 413,489 




 413,487 




 413,485 




 413,483 




 413,481 




 413,479 




 check it 




 Well. that's true.  




 413,464 

check it. last 3.  




 413,459 




 413,454

Gay Marriage wooooo 




 402, he got me too.  




 What grad program did you go to?  




 It's the first rule they tell you. "Don't have sex with your clients/students"  









 Makes sense. Capitalize on a viral video's popularity.  




 413,012 




 BFGL 

break time. have a great day counters! 




 BFGJ 




 BFGH 




 BFGF

Big Friendly Giant...Fucker (excuse my language)  




 413,010 




 Hello and thanks for this AMA!! Why is there such criticism with GMOs and what if any of the current criticisms do you find to be valid concerns?  




 Nipple.  




 413,006 

Bullshit to your modesty! 414K is yours! :) 




 Trienta y ocho 




 413,004 

The plan is to have one GET per 10Ks. I shall never pass you Nitrome! Next one is on you!  
























 my friend did this in college once. He said he felt like his skin was on fire. So i did what any college friend would do: offered him a beer 




 Robotrippin 




 more pets less talk 









 [Even more](http://imgur.com/KzfjMJy) 




 PET HIM 




 I fully admit my prejudice.  




 More pets.  




 there's always money in the banana stand 




 OH MY GOD. ITS THE OP WHO STARTED /r/counting 




 416,241 




 damn a 1 month repost

edit: ah yes, down vote the guy who points out that this is a recent repost. I am not objectionable to reposts. But this was just posted a month ago.  




 No;. That's not enough. Imagine what you think is enough and multiply by about 100. That would be enough.  




 Oh okay. I posted him there 









 He's about 24 pounds 




 Yes mine does that too. He's fat.  




 Make sure you give them pets. They need pets to survive, without pets they die.  




 He also snores. He face plants like that every 10-15 minutes. He goes more into the face plant each time.  




 How did I make it about politics? This is my only post here lol. I posted one time and said "this isn't the place for politics. Go to /r/politics"  




  You act like Republicans are the only people who hate Obama but plenty of Democrats are distancing themselves from him and don't support him.

 This isn't the place for politics. Go to /r/politics. 

 




 Exactly!!  




 His FUPA has special healing powers you see.  




 Only once, then he kills you. For me, I get three rubs.  




 I'd still inseminate her powdered meat flaps with my salted slippery sausage.  




     5 Lucky school.  




 How's your school counselor?  




 Hm. Whatever works for you I guess.  




 No idea. I havent done it.  




 416,214 

Easy go 

Little high, little low 




  i'm rude to people who are jerks and refuse to admit they are in the wrong

That sounds like going out of your way for other people.  




 416,212 

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Bucky 




 It's not limited to only school aged children. It is a repeated behavior though. 

Let me ask another question. Why are you the authority on who deserves to be bullied?  




 Do you know what bullying is? 




 I didn't have an awful home life but I did take a good amount of abuse (physical and emotional) from my parents when I was younger.

This statement makes no sense. "I did not have an awful home life, but was emotionally and physically abused" 

You understand why these statements are contradictory right?

Also, 

1. Where did you stay in Cali? 

2. How old are you now? 

3. How did you get the money to get there?  




 Have you eve bullied someone?  




 You aren't meant to enter the water so it doesn't hurt. It's not going to feel well.  




 LifeProTip? 




 [More](http://imgur.com/tHuJK6c) 




 Don't say no sex. Just have sex once in a while and string the relationship along until he loves you then say "sorry im straight"  




 Actually you didn't say anything wrong. I mean- that was big news this weekend, even if he wasn't gay, it's still big news. I mean...everyone knew about it.  









 I just bwiojerved and once I've done that I'm all good.  




 Well I explained in my first comment. But I can explain again. 

A daughter will watch her mother and how her mother is treated by guys and how she deals with the situation. She will watch how her mother, and in this case, how her mother deals with her brother and then she treats situations with men similarly. So let's say she doesn't call the police and just doesn't want her brother to get into trouble because of this- even though it is very serious stuff. If she has a child- that type of behavior/attitude will be passed down her child and so forth. It's learned behavior. You think it's normal because that's what you've seen from your parent(s) your whole life so it becomes your norm. 

At some point, you have to break the trend. 

But she deleted her account so I'm guessing it was fake. lol 




 Social worker, substance abuse or detox center intake specialist, community development jobs, work at a battered women's shelter, college admissions worker, probation officer, depending on your state you can teach high school as long as you take a teacher cert exam- very easy, you can be a substitute teacher. And you don't have to teach sociology- you can teach history, poly sci, or other social sciences at a high school level, public relations at a business, Human Resources at a business, senior or youth service centers. 

Lots of things you can do. And there are many resources to help you find those jobs as well.  




 That's why typically a daughter will act like her mother did in that situation 




 You can do lots of stuff with a Bachelor's in Sociology. But yes, eventually you would go to grad school.  




 12 




 I did but I like to be polite.  




 Thank you!  




 Talking about killing people, raping, all that stuff is not good. It's unhealthy to be around it and it eventually will infect your life. It will infect how you deal with other people who mistreat you
 




 [Brian](http://imgur.com/XH4fpMa) 




 What was your degree? 




 You wanna see him? 




 My cat is going to live until he's 45 




 416,158

))(( 









 OH MY GOD!!!! IS THAT A HAND GRENADE!?!?!?! 




 It's dodsing. 

*Murica* 









 Hijacking top comment. 

I just found this post. You need to call the police and file a report on your brother. This will only continue to get worse for you if you do not. It will become a cycle. Where things may get better then get worse until it blows over, then get better, get worse...etc 

You may not be able to see this now. But accepting his behavior without calling th e police or enforcing consequences for his actions/words will affect your relationship with men for the rest of your life. 

It's important to do what you can to get away from him, not just for your sake but like the comment here, to help other people and other women in his life in the future.

" I mean, I dont want to get him to get in that big of trouble. "  He needs to get in big trouble. I know he's family but this behavior cannot be encouraged. 


Counselor here.   




 ))(( 




 Why would that imply a girl? 




 (   ) 




 (   ) 




 Yes I am.  




 Repeating...of course 




 He said, "We shall overcomb and there will be hell toupee!" 




 416,125 




 mrowmrowpussycarpet 




 No they all do not. If you want many of them don't such as the guy in the .gif he doesn't curl up. He runs into the water.  




 ....was there water at the bottom?  




 He's married.... 




 this gif is from a video in norway it's called ["Dodsing" or death diving](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p4oeO-rZ04)  




 I got a [screen shot](http://imgur.com/P9476Bp.jpg) of that alien frame flash we got who was disguised as Tom Mason's wife. Looks kind of freaky, almost like a poltergeist lol.  




 she is awesome 




 Dirty Work. 

Note to self: Sam looked. 

Hey look...hot aliens...better have sex with each other 









 If you look hard enough she's not smiling. It's more of an evil frown with a dash of psychosis.  




 415,625 




 Yeah, well she's a good actress though. But...the writing for her has been awful the past couple seasons. 

I have to watch Season 5, because I'm invested in knowing what happens. But the whole Lexi shit, was awful 




 yeah brown note. forgot the official name. thanks  




 I thought so. And it actually was in the shower this time.  




 Who Frenched her brother 




 Dear Falling Skies,


I have been a fan of your show since the first season. I have been most disappointed with this season and yet I will continue to watch the show because now I am unfortunately invested in it.
A couple things. I get that the alien's name is Cochise, but when Tom Mason says it it sounds like goat cheese or coat cheese. As a result it has become increasingly annoying to me that every time Tom Mason talks about goat cheese or to goat cheese he says his name. I saw in last weeks episode they said "goat cheese" about 15-20 times in the show. It's annoying and is really ruining the experience with the show.


Secondly, please kill the Lexi storyline it's awful. This whole season has been so fragmented like you had an idea then abandoned it and changed your mind. It's been strange. Also Moon Bloodgood's character has been written has increasingly annoying. She is a good actress don't waste her talent on such trivial lines that make her sound so whiney. Please.


Lastly, stop saying goat cheese's name so much. Please. It's not necessary. I know who he is! Or perhaps you wouldn't have had to do that if you didn't make the alien's from each race all look like each other. Humans all look different. Logically from an evolutionary standpoint it would make sense that other alien races would not all look identical. Some wouldn't even be the same height. This is a common theme in film and television with aliens and sadly you have not learned from their mistakes on this issue.


If you have not listened to anything I have suggested please listen to only this: Stop saying "goat cheese" so much. Seriously quit. It ruined last week's episode. 









 The Brown Note 




 415,555 




 Makes sense.  




 415,520

You forgot commas. Palindromes are unique, like GETs or assists.  




 415,514

My drome 




 415,506 




 415,504 




 415,500 




 415,498 




 415,496 




 415,494 




 415,491

_ 




 415,489

Y 




 415,486

B 




 415,480
 




 415,470 




 415,468 




 415,466 




 415,463

Bucky 




 My cat does this too. But...he's 12. :/ 

 




 That picture looks like she's getting worse.  




 415,419 




 415,417 




 415,415 

bucky 









 It would be better if they won the game. But they tied lol 




 PLS OP!!!! 




 he eats ketchup packets and crackers. it's a hoot. 




 Pls OP 




 and play Ultima Online! 




 Pls OP 




 yeah but just extra small...and only one shot expresso 




 its creepy with no music.  




 If it fits, I sits.  




 Fucking Sarlac pit 




 415,147

bucky 




 415,116

Bucky 




 415,018

(   ) 




 415,016

Bucky 




 Well. I DCed once. I am in the middle of inking and then I see the ink come out of the gun but it doesn't render on the ground. Then I got DCed. I don't know why I would DC though, my internet is fine. 

It's just frustrating, I want to a play a full game without someone quitting, or randomly being DCed. 

You think they will ever do a free for all? 1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1?? 




 Well, why don't they just make it so it doesn't have to be random every time? lol That way I could play with my friend. And not be against him. 

Okay. I give up. I love this game. But that is the 5th time in 9 games someone has DCed. I also got DCed twice, and I've checked my ISP, I have very fast internet and the only thing I'm using it for is this game.  




 Bah. Thanks. I didn't know if it was just me or not. 

Out of curiosity, this is unrelated, do you think we'll get more than two game options? Or they will put turf wars in ranked too? Or allow you to play with friends in ranked? 




 414,772

Rule 34: If it exists, there's porn of it. 
There's a list. I don't know the rest. This is the only one that matters. 




 414,768 

Rule 34

I just beat Maniac.  




 414,760

Bucky... 




 I've played later at night here in US or in the middle of the day. It's always the same. 

I just got to C+ too but then had 4 teammates DC in a row.  




 414,754

What Bucky thing? 




 414,749

brb 
























 Okay somine was set at around 8100 MB. My recommended was 12226 MB. So I changed it to 12226MB. I don't see how thatll make much of a diff though if it was set at 8GB 




 Oh I have 8GB of RAM. and 920GB of C drive 




 didnt help 




 When I set the resolutions higher i got that error message though 




 1920X 1080  but i never use this because it messes up trying to watch movies since it duplicates over to my tv screen. My TV is basically my monitor. 

When the resolution was high in the game I got the bad text. When I brought it down to 800X600 the text was fine and better.  




 Well my monitor is connected to my 55inch 4k TV. I have an HP all in one 23inch monitor for my computer. 

I changed the resolution to 800X600 and everything seems fine now. 

I looked at screen resolution on the background of my desktop and it says 1024 by 768 so should i do that for the game too?  




 Edit; So I went to full screen which fixed the text issues you see in the picture. However he game won't run full screen. I keep getting [this error message](http://imgur.com/7pfovpp)

I went back to windowed mode but still getting the same error message and can't play the game now.  




 Also, I am a noob and have never played before. Well I played for like a few hours a year ago and got to lvl . Can't remember how to fix any of this. 

Edit; So I went to full screen which fixed the text issues you see in the picture. However he game won't run full screen. I keep getting [this error message](http://imgur.com/7pfovpp) 









 3f4dksa  djjtghehw s fewdrilsltoassessyourstrength shaeolkf drilskajghe 




 OP Pls deliver. Pls 




 i didnt.  




 Well that's crap. I want a choice.  




 DUDE! I just saw you in another thread. You were late to that shit too!! 




 says the massive cock.  




 Pls OP  




 IO 




 agreed. it's fun. I like the strategy  




 ....starting right mrow 




 So much fun!! I like it better than splatzones. I wish though we could choose between the two. I wonder why we can't? 

This sniper was up on one of the pillars at Kelp Dome picking us off so, lol, I just went the long way around snuck up from behind and BAM. It's fun surprising people, it's why I like the Ink Mines. I always like running up to people and plopping it down for a suicide kill.  




 its problematic.  




 For a minute that it said Australia. ....was thinking that's not right 




 You sound horny 




 Cocking for three 




 Cocking for three 




 I hope so! 




 Yeah, I get the logic. That's absolutely correct. However... 

I had 10 comm errors 4v3 matches out of 20 at one point. That's crazy. 

Also, cats were outnumbered and we still won the battles.  




 You fuckbitch popnutter.  




 I dunno got to be millions by now.  




 very okay.  




 Well. damn. that was a waste of time.  




 So the answer is no, there is nothing else I can do with them besides reroll abilities 

Edit: Why am I being down voted? I just think super sea snails should at least get you something you can't get with regular gold you make during matches.  




 I actually was hoping he would answer the question of what this graph is and means instead of making a debate about inferences in comments.  




 I don't really care about the individual level though or the fallacy in this data, I want to know what it is saying.  




 I got 18 of them. What do I do with them? I already have all my clothes with three slots each, and I've already bought all clothes available and I have about 500K gold. What else can I use the super sea snails for? Can I buy something with them that I can't get with regular gold?  Or are they pretty much useless for me? 




 I dunno what you're doing then lol.  




 K a couple things I do. 

1. I don't follow my teammates. 

2. I get the edges my teammates miss and then I splat the large areas and try to avoid enemies. 

3. I can't stress this enough, but I go away from my teammates we aren't trying to cover the same ground, if they follow me I go somewhere else..QUICK 




 Cats were outnumbered and we still won the battles! 




 it felt good to win! Good job fellow felines!!  




 sure Aero RG. splat as much ground as u can and use your Nuke often. Kelp Dome is a mine field. I don't really worry so much with killing people as I do splatting ground.  




 no. i play ranked. but not often. i find i get paid more from regular, in ranked you have the possibility of getting nothing if you lose. but with regular you get paid gold every single time depending on how much you splat. and with the aero gun i can get 1700-2200 a round.  




 Yes, I did. You know how easy it is to get 1 million gold? It takes me a day of playing to get 500k gold. 

Super Sea Snails are worthless. If you have gold you don't need them.  




 I sure did.  




 Yeah.  




 Age 15  

"Revert completed"  




 Hmm sounds like Blankman  




 I hate it I'll be covering ground on one end at the very beginning and this guy is behind me on his roller going over what I already splatted.  




 I'm not a vegan. That's why I give my cat whatever the fuck he wants.  




 Munchkin cat*  




 this little light of mine.  




 Baby Blue   Purple People Eater  




 Nope. we arent.  




 I'm a cat and I lost 10 in a row earlier. (I had 5 teams with only 3 players, one team with two players, and the other four we lost by 5-10 percentage points- close matches)  I tend to lose when I have a sniper on my team they only get like 2-300 points a round unfortunately.  




 I like coming up with nicknames for the colors used. 

My first one was Pepto Pink. (Like Pepto Bismol) 

What else you got inklings? 

Stay fresh!! 




 Yeah it's a shame we don't get some Pepto pink in there.  




 very straight 




 Very minor....now I KNOW...you can think of word that better explains a small amount than very minor.  




 Not really. I've played in 10 games with just 3 teammates.  




 Dad aint got shit on me.  




 Fiscal 




 U fuck!ng wh4t m8? ou little !tch. 'll have you know I topped my [N4VY] SEAL class, and 1v1'd all of them with 360F twiksh0t3s. 




 I typically leave if there a teammate who follows me.  




 You're not alone I had 6 




 I did. Yes.  




 Yeah hopefully they debut the two new ones.  




 I am just B- in Ranked. I don't play ranked too often because i don't like splat zones, waiting to see how tower is. I use the aero gun and get about 1700-1900 a round in turf war. And I played for like 10 hours once on a binge so I got A LOT of gold. I bought all the clothes. Don't know what else to do other than buy an amiibo to do those challenges. It's fairly easy to get lots of gold quick. There's nothing to spend it on so it keeps saving.  




 I looked on their [wiki or website](http://splatoonwiki.org/wiki/Splatfest#Reward_Tiers). It says 12 Snails for King/Queen 8 i think for Champion. You don't get anything else. All you get is re-roll abilities or extra slot to get to 4 slots. 

Stages
"As well as existing stages, the first North American Splatfest may feature currently unreleased stages.[5]:

Moray Towers
Camp Triggerfish" 




 I like Kelp Dome. The others I'm pretty tired of. Night is meh 




 Nah you're not. I got to Cat King in 3 hours and now there's nothing to do. Maybe if there was a gauge or something who said who was in the lead Team Cat or Team Dog, it would be fun to still play and want to win, but now that I am maxed out it's just like regular turf war at lvl 20. 

12 Sea Snails is cool but what am I gonna do with them? I already have 500K gold, it's not like I need to talk to Spyke for anything.  




 Phase 1: Collect Underpants 

Phase 2: 

Phase 3: Profit 




 I'm now Cat King. .....now what lol 




 No.  




 you know from experience do ya? 




 Victoria Taylor was let go 




 we are all bots except you 









 Great. What is his proof besides "someone close to reddit?" Sorry man but you see lots of that stuff. It's all speculation. 

We don't deserve to know because it's not professional for a business to disclose why they fired an employee. It doesn't matter that we use the site and generate posts or not. That is irrelevant in the firing of an employee for a business. It sucks she got let go, was a big mistake by Reddit. But it is not our business to know why she was let go, it is our business on what they are doing to rectify the situation and their mistakes.  




 I can give you the tools you need to get that one.  




 Bananas are laughable.  




 hot chickens* 




 []kn0thing -1726 points 13 hours agox2 
Yeah, it's a shame the mods turned the community private, but so it goes.


It's not a shame some mods turned the community private. The shame isn't on the mods, it's on you guys. The responses you're giving back to people aren't positive it's just the same old BS. The firing of Victoria is not our business- I get that- we have no business to know why- just so you know, she was good at what she did and you will not find someone as good as her. 

I've been on reddit a while on this username and my others, but this has made me question quitting reddit. 

Again, it's not a shame the mods stood with solidarity over being treated poorly. Reading your official response, it's just so smug and arrogant. It's like you think you can easily appease people with that crap 




 lol.....post this to show similarities? 




 Yes they should go dark for a while.  




 Please reconsider your position.  




 /r/Documentaries 22 




 /r/LifeProTips 20 




 /r/history 18 




 /r/movies 16 




 /r/books 12 




 Over in /r/counting [we're counting all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/) 




 /r/videos 9 




 /r/Upnose 7 




 We're counting [all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/)  in /r/counting 




 /r/NepalEarthquake 5 









 417,502 

I made a new counting thread to count [all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/)  




 https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/

In /r/counting we're counting all the subreddits gone dark 




 /r/pics 3 




 417,500 




 /r/AskReddit 1 









 good call 




 Most anything can be found with a search engine and the critical thinking skills necessary to resource information.  Just because someone asks something stupid doesn't mean it deserves disapproval. That drives people away. Making people feel dumb and driving them away from learning is only self-serving.  




 She's obviously not Jewish.  




 It's not demented to want to burn your house down if you see a spider, try to kill it and miss and then can't find it.  




 going to be a burnt to a crisp dead master. If I find any spider anywhere ill put him to fucking sleep and he'll die nameless. 
 




 417,100 




 He had his finger on the trigger, fairly sure it wasnt bad judgment.  




  It takes a lot of bullets to incapacitate a person sometimes.

depend where you hit them.  




 way to ruin a funny moment with serious talk.  




 ET!! 









 Grey Dawn 




 Yep!! 




 I....I read this as burger.....fuck 




 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA........

fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord

After the crowds have ceased 

Each night when the lights go out

 It can be found on the ground all around 

Oh, what a ratly feast!

Melon rinds and bits of hotdogs 

Cookie crumbs and rotton cotton candy 

Melted ice cream, mustard dripplings

 Moldy goodies everywhere

Lots of popcorn, apple cores 

Bananna peels and soggy sadwiches 

And gobs of gorgeous gook to gobble at the fair

A fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord 

After the gates are shut 

Each night when the lights go out 

It can be found on the ground all around 

That's where a rat can glut, glut, glut, glut! 




 Them's hippin child bears 




 416,592 




 "His use of "wut" was obviously ironic." -- Nah, giving too much credit for dudebro language. Of course people know how to spell 'what.' That doesn't stop them from using 'wut.' 

I like redundancy. So I use it often.  




 You said "wut" Don't lecture me on proper grammar.  




 Yes I realized it after I looked at the context. Honestly didn't look at the usernames. So I changed it. I was confused by "wut." 




 He said Gravity   Aliens do not pass the Bechdal test. 

I agreed. I said "No they don't." 

 




 No they don't.  




 416,581 




 416,579 




 Guess it doesn't pass the Bechdal Test then 




 416,565 

you skipped one. Also, I saw Terminator 5. Don't go see it. It's awful.  




 416,557 




 You're in the wrong classroom friend.  




 he likes to knead my neck before bed.  




 okay i did 









 416,480

As opposed to a salty dick 




 416,466

bucky 
























 Well...if you're constantly sending picture after picture it's annoying.  




 I lost again 




 Actually that was the sound of "Please fuck off you're annoying me" about to break up w/you  




 Awwww look at those cuuuties!!!! They're gonna be best fwiends forever! There just the cutest wittle babies, theyre so fluffy IM GONNA DIEEEE!! Such a baby cutie kitty mrow mrow 




 /r/FloridaMan 




 I lost the game 




 I don't understand. It just looks like you both grew from when you were younger... 




 But every month has Friday the 13th.... 









 Did the joke go over your head ? lol 




 420,737 

Check your number. You just copied mine. I don't know what your flair means- you wrote it. 
 









 420,735 




 Perfect.  




 reminds me of that south park episode  









 OP 0   Reddit 251606 




 It's different for everyone. There's no magic number that's the same for everyone.  




 OP Pls 




 You seem angry.  









 1 




 Makes sense to me. Sniper weapons don't ink as much. I don't think they are good for Turf War format. Honestly, anytime I have a teammate with one I just disconnect. I played for a long time and it's just horrible They go like 2-12 with 2-400Pts. Very little ink. They just sit in one spot and try and snipe people. Even if they move around inking they don't ink a lot. 

So like I said, I understand your opinion. That's cool. I got no problem with differing opinions. I just disagree.  




 So 




 420,611 




 420,609 




 So 




 lmao  




 Volunteer with his campaign in your area. Or, like for us, we had people come from all over the country to help where I was in Ohio. So you can travel and live in a volunteer home while you're helping. 

You can contact his campaign [here](https://go.berniesanders.com/page/s/volunteer) 




 420,605 




 420,602 




 420,600 




 420,597 




 So 




 420,586 




 enjoying what with your pet?  




 Oh. Hm. I got 18. I just wish there was something I could do with them.  




 420,584 




 Oh I didn't know that. That's pretty dumb. lol.  




 Wait..team size? lol what why would you take that into account instead of who actually won more games. I don't understand that
 




 Yeah I had lots and lots of disconnects/errors. Had to quit towards the end, was too much.  




 Oh okay. I disagree.  




 I didn't play Rock/Pop  




 Oh. I thought cats won the battle? 51-49 




 420,582 




 For me I have a few things. 

1. Being able to change weapons while you wait for the game to start instead of going to the lobby. 

2. I get annoyed at teammates that use the sniper guns for Turf Wars, they don't splat a lot of ground which is evident by their points, and they don't even get a lot of kills to make up for it. It's a good gun but not for that game type I don't think. 

3. Not having Turf Wars be on ranked as well. 

4. Being forced to play splatzone or tower control instead of being able to have the choice to play one. I don't want to have to wait 4 hours to play tower control. 

5. More maps in rotation than just 2. 

6. Teammates that super jump to your area when you're in the middle of mayhem and they die instantly by the enemy just pointing their gun at the circle where they're jumping. 

 




 This thread is dedicated to everything in Splatoon you wish could be different or changed- including strategies with teammates, or generally any time you feel annoyed. 

This is just discussion so people can let out some frustrations- not intended to be mean towards the game- I love Splatoon.  




 Unless of course no one is on the tower for an extended amount of time in which case the tower moves with no one on it back to its original starting position.  




 How did people get 24 Super Sea Snails? I thought it was just 18 for King/Queen 




 Sometimes you wanna switch weapons because you're tired of playing with the one and you like to switch it up. It's nice to be able to do this while waiting for a game instead of having to get out of the lobby and playing with either a different group of people entirely or having to wait to play with friends. It's pretty dumb 




 13 Super Sea Snails or 390K 




 420,580 









 420,577

Bucky 




 420,575 

Bucky 




 I'm not judging or anything just an honest question; but will you tell your wife that you cheated on her? And be honest about your feelings..etc?  




 420,573

When did someone ask that? 




 Yes. It is a new community. But it's there.  




 420,571

Bucky 




 420,569

Bucky.... 




 Yes there is. /r/GiantAnalMonsters  




 /r/jellybeantoes 




 It's not meant to educate ignorant people. It's meant to piss them off.  









  Who the fuck is talking to you? 

You are talking to me right now. My brother is also talking to me. My friend Sean is talking to me and my mom just sent me an e-mail so technically she's also talking to me. 

You're not my bro.  




 420,567 

Oh okay I waslike wtf 




 k
 




 


**420**,565

420 Count it

Out of curiosity how are we at 420,565 if the comment count is only 554???? I feel like it's been messed up somewhere.  




 A lot is not one word. I'm sorry but it bothers me. I don't know why people make it all one word.  




 I'm not your bro, guy 




 x files dog? 




 Cats remember.  




 Yeah ...that's a bit awkward 




 Nope.  




 EASTERN 




  i can

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  As in just to get to run correctly

 




 We both were traitors. So we cancelled each other out.  




 this has been the most difficult game to get started out of dark age of Camelot, and ultima online.  




 Rachel Dolozal here, part Native American...so Native American. Can confirm.  




 So my friend and I were on Skype and decided to play some Splatoon. Now whenever we do 'friends' we are only on the same team maybe 10% of the time- dunno why. So today we were against each other 19/24 games (I kept track). We were at the Saltrig so we went to one particular spot stopped and saw each other and just splatted in front of each other the entire game hahaha. 

It was so much fun. We gave away our teammates locations to each other if they were jumping in. If my teammates jumped in I would run block if they tried to kill him and he did vice versa. 

It was a nice change up and a fun way to do something different. I'm pretty sure the 6 people playing with us hated us, but I don't think they ever figured it out. We get about 1800 each just splatting in front of each other over and over.  




  Ok.

 




 It was the resolution not the font.  




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




 Hi. Thank you for your response. As a user and a mod of a very small subreddit I want to say thank you for your candor and apology.  

I have a question for you. I am not trying to be mean or insulting or anything; however, can you please step down from Reddit? The majority of us do not want you running Reddit. Can you please step down? This is something that would be considered a great action on your part. This is a way to back up your promises. This is a good solution I think. I know you mean well, but you're just not working out well for us. You've had many chances to correct things and you have not. As a result can you please leave? 

The way your team handled this situation with mods and the firing of Victoria and everything the past year or so, is reason enough for you to step down. What has been done on here by your team cannot be made up with a simple 'text' based apology.  




 Yes that is correct. But every vote is not equal. Not every vote is a voice that is heard.  




  Ok.

 




 No it's not. That is the idea that every vote is equal. Every vote is not equal.  




 Well what I'm saying is, Victoria did a great job at what she did, why not find someone with those same qualities and things she did so good at- and have that be the job requirement? /r/IAMA mods specifically stated how well she worked with them and how pleased they were with what she did. So...why can't we get someone else exactly like that  




 Why don't you guys just get another Victoria, it worked pretty well the way she did things with /r/IAMA why not just find someone exactly like that? 

Also, does Pao plan to respond to the petition for her to be fired reaching 150K people? This is a reasonably large deal, it's not like it's just a few people that 'hate' her anymore.  




 Same demeanor as Magikarp too 




  Ok.

 




 It is self-serving. Collectively many votes are heard- but alone it's not heard except by the person who votes.  




  Ok.

 




  Ok.

 




 Ok.  




 No.  




 It's easy. I don't believe you will remember this. So I disagree. That's I even disagree.  




 I disagree.  




 No. Hugs. You have to make strangers hug you in wal-mart.  




 Why did you threaten instead of actually doing it? He/she won't learn anything from being threatened.  




 How about if it doesn't. You have to drink a shotglass full of Ranch Dressing mixed with Ketchup, mustard, mayo, cool whip, relish, and grape jelly?  




 k  




 Yeah. Murica!  




 It won't happen.  




 I'll eat two boxer shorts if Star Wars breaks 2.7 Billion Avatar's record.  




 What's half-life ? 




 I did. The issue was resolution.  




 So the bet is if Star Wars makes Over 2 Billion dollars Worldwide- total sales in theater, I will eat my boxer shorts.  




 Yes I know, the wiki article I posted explains that.  




 You don't go by ticket sales though. You go buy money made. boxofficemojo.com all time list accounts for inflation.  




 What exactly is Half-Life 3? 




 It won't obliterate Avatar. If Star Wars makes over 2 Billion world wide then I will eat my own boxer shorts.  









 I hate foods with diaries too. It's like, why would they write about their lives. What do foods have to write about!?!? 




 That silly game is politics. Politics is a game. Lots of people vote for who they want- and their voice is not heard.  




 Maybe. There's no real way to know that for sure. He has a shot in the democratic primary. It will either be Hillary or him. 

Look, in 2008, I worked on Obama's primary team and no one thought we had a shot over the Clinton machine either....but we won. You can win an election with a very good ground game. 

A lot of people assume that candidates win- with how they make sense of what issues people find important. The truth is, in the ground game for campaigns, rarely do you ever talk about issues. It's all about numbers. They say you gain a vote every 3 houses you talk to people. So we knocked on insane amounts of houses. To do that, obviously you have to have a substantial amount of dedicated volunteers and also you need to have a good program to use to print up all of the people who voted which way and what way in the previous primaries and a good software system to input all of the data. 

When we won the primary and I worked on the 2008 general election one thing I noticed versus John McCain was he had less volunteers on the ground and they wasted time when they went door to door. (this is just in the area I worked in Ohio). They would argue with someone to vote for McCain at their house for a good 20 minutes. If someone tells you "I'm voting for the opponent no matter what" You don't spend 20 minutes trying to convince him you move on. In those twenty minutes, you can hit 5-6 more houses. It's just a waste of a time to argue. Rarely did I ever speak about the issues with people because I didn't want to waste time- only if I thought was it worth it and I always explained why I was voting for him and for people to make up their own mind. In addition, in my area the McCain volunteers were at odds with the Republican Party volunteers (for local elections- republican party wanted to take many mccain volunteers and use them for local campaigns...) Also, they didn't work on Sundays where I was at. Which is fine- I get the reasoning behind that but while they weren't working we worked 24-7. 

Sanders has a good following if he can turn that into thousands of volunteers working for him- he has a shot. Primaries are state by state- it's certainly doable. If he picks up momentum watch out

Republicans have a good shot to win 2016 as well- if they pick a solid candidate. Romney wasn't good and while McCain was a solid candidate his VP hurt him. I think- it would help them if they changed their platform on marriage equality. that likely wont happen though 




 It is a throw away vote, it will make ya feel good, but you won't win.  




 Because he would lose. If you don't run in the big two- you lose. If he runs as a independent in the gen election he would lose, and then probably take down the democrats with him.  




 It's an interesting process. They do lie for votes because people won't vote for them in primaries if they are too moderate. Then come general election a lot of people have to go more 'middle' so opinions change.  




 Nah. It doesnt.  




 That makes no sense.  




 You didn't answer the question sir.  When you think of the current economic situation in Greece, how best do you think they can get out of this crisis? 




 When you think of the current economic situation in Greece, how best do you think they can get out of this crisis? 




 YEAH!!!!! 




 Does anyone notice that this is basically just Real Steel in it's pre-conception age? 









 And what does this do exactly? 
























 I'm playing it again right now and am conflicted which I should do first. Would it help me more to do the Shadow first to complete the Spirit or vice versa? I did Forest-Fire-Water, got Boggoron's Sword and fire arrows.  




 I can't. I've tried. Website doesn't work I've been trying for a few weeks now at least once a day. I'm not interesting in reading about people talking shit and saying things they wouldn't say in person. It just doesn't do anything for me.
And if I want porn i just go to xnxx.com or /r/riskyclicks, or some other porn subreddit. But I don't have a need to talk shit about fat people, LGBT, or anything else. It just isn't something that I care to do even though I know I'm anonymous.  




 I do smoke pot for my Crohn's. High in CBD is best. 

I don't care what the entire thread was about you commented on free speech being denied because reddit banned some fucking subreddit that hates on fat people (so fucking what...get over it)- it's not. It's like you haven't even read the 1st amendment.  




 No, I hardly eat- I have Crohn's Disease incredibly hard to gain weight with all the blood and shit that comes out of my ass. Reddit banning a subreddit shaming fat people does not deny you free speech. 

Free speech only means congress will not make a law denying you the ability to say what you want. Free speech doesn't mean Reddit, a website, can't ban a subreddit if it wants to- if the guy who made it or whoever runs it wants to do it- they can. It's not much different than a mod banning someone for saying shit either. 

The only guarantee you have with free speech (with the exception of libel) is that you won't be prosecuted for what you say- it doesn't mean you won't get fired from a job, have a website ban you...etc 

  




 No sorry it's my fault I meant to reply to /u/AllRubyx 




 ? What law did congress make that denied you free speech?  




 You're allowed to do whatever you want. I'm just curious why it would be better than reddit.  




 I thought it was the best part of the movie.  




 Your free speech isn't lost. Free speech only means the government won't make a law limiting what you say (with the exception of libel, or words that present clear danger). So...you can still say whatever you want- but that doesn't mean it won't get you banned on a website for it. 

Why should I care if Reddit bans a subreddit about hating fat people? My freedom isn't being taken away. That doesn't bother me. Good for them. This is there website- they made it- they can do whatever they fuck they want with it. 

If you don't like that- why don't you just make your own the way you want it? That seems like a good solution. You can find ANYTHING on the internet. My freedom of speech isn't being limited. It never have. Just because this person disagrees with you doesn't make them ignorant nor myself and it doesn't make me shortsighted. 

You are foreseeing a trickle down where "banning subreddits against fat people...well shit...next i won't be allowed to 'fag' or 'fuck' on this website and anywhere on the internet...my life is doomed!!" 

I think you're overreacting a bit and foreseeing a future that will not happen.  




 why would it be better than reddit?  




 doesn't work.  




 And Spock. Spock vaporizes Rock.  




 Yeah but, in a live action movie it would be pretty cool I think.  









 He doesn't know what brown is. He can't conceptualize brown if he's colorblind (greyscale)  




 425,218 

Bucky 




 [You don't say much do you?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UH2raPtbw4) 




 he probably thought it meant something like voluptuous  




 Yeah lots ofshows still have insulting humor like that 




 it's not my first time. just its been a decade lol 




 Yes, I figured out my confusion. I was freaking out.  









 Yeah I'm an idiot. I figured it out. thanks. It's been about 10 yrs since I've played and I really am trying to do everything this time. 

Side note: Does Song of Storms sound like Game of Thrones theme? 




 So, I am in the forest temple, I got the two keys in the beginning, killed the Stalfos for the map. I went into the door you have to use the song of time on and had two keys total at this point. I know I was supposed to use the hookshot to make the water in the well go down well i accidentally fell off the cliff and exited the door to try again but the door now has bars over it. How do i get rid of those bars?  




 DO ME DO ME DO ME DO ME 




 mmm 




 Yeah. I do. Doesnt bother me.  




 nah i thought it was awful 




 No that's not enough they could become resistant strains of spider. Here's what we have to do. 

1. Immediately set fire to the gloves using a blow torch. 

2. Spiderlings may have escaped, burn down the house/garage with napalm...lots and lots of...napalm (thank you Dan Akroyd)

3. Leave the country.  




 AHHHHH
 




 Harry.....*tugs at shirt*....H-H-H-Haar rrryyy!! 

"WHAT RON!?!?!?!"  




 I bet so. I just thought Wilder was terrible.  




 Interesting considering Dahl disliked Wilder's version considerably. So much so he refused to sign over rights for the sequel.  




 Hm I thought his acting was great.  




 Interesting. I read it as, "The thing that put me off ... I like Johnny Depp, I like him, as an actor I like him very much ... but when I saw little pieces in the promotion of what he was doing, I said I don't want to see the film, because I don't want to be disappointed in him" 




 yeah i liked alice in wonderland.  




 I liked Depp's version better lol.  




 downvotes 




 Nah. Don't agree at all.  




 Well this match wasn't particularly as close as 6-4, 6-4. A lot of tennis players have the skill to beat Serena- but they don't. It's not just beating her- it's consistently beating her. I don't think anyone but Venus can say that.  




 I don't disagree Graf had amazing skills, but not any better than Serena's skill. Yes she won 22 slams before she turned 30, but did she win any when she was over 30? No. I think that's impressive when you consider at what age most women retire in tennis. It's even more impressive when you consider her dominance at her age. It's not like she just won one or two close ones after she turned 30, she pretty much revamped her career.  




 Yeah you are. There wasn't anyone like Serena in the past. She is unique.  




 Yeah, Court has 24 grand slams, but pro's weren't allowed to play in grand slams for a time- so i don't think you can consider hers as the number to reach. 22 is the number.  




 Strings? She's in the conversation of being the greatest collection of loops we've ever abstractly looped.  




 ESPN isn't exactly the greatest place for good sports news. 

Edit: So you think ESPN is awesome?  




 They call me Mr. Glass  




 I read this as A E the cable television channel for some reason.  









 Oh shutup do gooder. Go do good things on your own. We're fucking rebels, if we wanna not replace blinds and find a way to not pay for it- we fucking will.  




 [eerily familiar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKffm2uI4dk) 




 So your doodles are pretty much just taken from those [sad cat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKffm2uI4dk) commercials with the morgan freemanesque voice. So is it his ridiculous personality or ar eyou just projecting the personality you see from cat advertisements?  




 Vat 69...mmm  




 no sex in the champagne room 




 synonym cinnamon.  




 422,383 









 422,379 




 422,376 




 Pls OP. 




 So did you take a pic of the room as it looks now with a lamp/light on?  




 mmmm reflective paint 




 Are citronella candles safe to use indoors for just a small amount of time like an hour or two?  

Side unrelated question: Anyone know where I can buy online a scented candle that burn for a really long time like 100+ hours?  




 Stevenology* 




 "Oh good you're awake- thought you were dead. I love you!! Now pet me human. I need pets since you're awake. I peed on stuff, saw you were awake. Sorry"  




 Well, it's not the same religion though- I know it appears to be because they have the same book, but denominations are vastly different from one another. They interpret things differently- making them, to me, same God but different religion.  




 421,696 




 421,694 




 421,691 









 421,689 




 Yeah I was raised Lutheran. We obviously came from different Lutherans lol because the Lutherans I was around were not humble, or take care of people.  




 421,683 




  This is far more fucking important.

Unless drunken behavior leads to rape and murder (because that's never happened). Also, there was no murder in Naples, FL on July 9th 2015.  




 She needs fucking pets human. Pet her.  




  for basically no reason at all

You mean for disorderly intoxication? He pulled a fire alarm. That's why the officer's arrived at the scene, his wife was too drunk to be left alone so they took her until she sobered up and could care for herself. I live in SWFL and all they did was put him in the drunk tank until he was sober which is just 8 hours. He wasn't charged. They took him for disorderly intoxication- that's pretty normal down here in SWFL since we get so many tourists. There's nothing wrong with that. Had they not pulled the fire alarm for no reason the cops wouldn't have came at all. By the way, you can get in trouble for pulling a false alarm too.  









  BUT I WANT TO BE A REAL BOY PAPA 









 I really wanna meet this girl. She sounds fun as fuck.  




 Probably too much grillin 




 I've .... I've used reddit in jokes with real people and I'm ostracized for it :(.  




 Well, I do have a metal arm.  









 We can be shit buddies. I shit a river of blood and you shit Hawaiian Lava hills of fresh stink. 

I once created a rap song. A couple years ago (mind you I can't keep a beat and I certainly can't write). I had this ex girlfriend who had OCD of her feet being touched. Whenever someone touched it, she had the touch the other foot exactly the same then clean them off as they were 'dirty'. For example, if you splashed on foot with water she had to splash the other. So my friend (a drummer) made a beat and I wrote some weird lyrics and we made a weird music video for it. 

This is for your viewing pleasure sir. [The Foot Song 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geB2HNTHm4Q) 




 Are you sure you don't have Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn's Disease? I have UC, and I can tell you I give birth to death- daily.  




 YOU WILLLL TRYYYYY 




 Your post seems to be deleted. Please stop harassing me 




 MYSTERION! 




 421,234 




 No, this is Patrick.  




 ing shit 




 421,213 




 My voice isn't super manny manny man, but it's certainly lower than Mike Tyson. I am reasonably tall, kind of, at 6.3 and I am avg weight and I have a bushy beard- no mustache- would give me raper face. Sinewy arms are a yes.  




 421,008 

originally i was going to go for the assist but you said go for the GET lol  




 421,006 




 421,004

i only sniped once. I won't do it again. But if I've been counting or trying to count the last 1-200 i dont consider it sniping.  




 421,001

wasn't a snipe! I was counting the last 150 or so. 




 congrats 




 421,000

2nd time that's happened to me.  




 420,969 




 420,967 




 420,965 




 420,963 




 420,952 




 420,950 




 420,938 




 420,924 




 420,922 




 420,920 




 420,918 




 420,891 




 420,889 




 420,887 




 420,885 




 420,883 




 420,881 




 420,879 




 420,877 




 420,875 




 420,873 




 420,871 




 420,865 




 420,863 




 420,861 




 420,849

lemme get some music hold up 




 420,847

yOU WANNA RUN IT? 
 




 420,845 




 420,843 




 420,841 




 420,840 




 I am OP. And no I wasn't saying that. The 'Stairway' is a firework- he uses fireworks to make it work.  




 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-3126861/Chinese-artist-creates-stunning-1-650ft-ladder-sky-FIREWORKS.html

"The ladder, which was made of metal wire and aluminum, was filled with gunpowder and attached to the bottom of a hot air balloon.
The balloon, which was made with special material, was launched from a boat off the shore of nearby Huiyu Island." 




 No it's not. 

"The ladder, which was made of metal wire and aluminum, was filled with gunpowder and attached to the bottom of a hot air balloon. 

The balloon, which was made with special material, was launched from a boat off the shore of nearby Huiyu Island."

It most certainly is not [fake.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-3126861/Chinese-artist-creates-stunning-1-650ft-ladder-sky-FIREWORKS.html)  




 Please stop harassing me.  
























 Disney World Pass 




 This might be better in /r/AskRedditYesNo  since this is a Yes/No question. 

Perhaps people are posting FIFA games because the game is fun. Maybe they didn't pay for the game. FIFA is corrupt..but what am I going to do? Stop watching soccer? Or playing video games? Nope.  




 Bat country 




 Oh okay. Still today that is what I learned.  




 No there is not because the actor(s) don't appear in the film so that is the reason basically. A lot of people wanted scarlette johannsen nominated for "Her" but she wasnt in the film. 




 No dude. It is not. It is YOUR OPINION. You have already lost because you think an opinion is fact. I know the definition of a fact. What you have stated is not a fact. It is your opinion. Trying to give your opinion weight by calling it a fact is disingenuous  




 That's not a fact. That is your opinion that it can. It is not FACT. 

Opinions can be supported by facts- but what you have said is not a FACT, it is an OPINION. A fact would be listing statistics (ex: The results of the statistics are...) - the opinion would be the interpretation from those statistics which is "Age disparity can create a power imbalance" The key word being "can" 

You can keep calling it a fact all you want but it is simply your opinion. Calling it a fact doesn't add any more weight to your sentence. I'm not saying I disagree with your opinion, I agree with it kind of, but it isn't a fact. An opinion is defined as indicating a belief, view, sentiment, conception, which is what you are doing. 


It's a common problem people do when they are taking to give more weight to their opinions they say "The fact of the matter is..." or "The fact of..."  They are trying to give more weight to their opinion by stating it as fact- it's not though. It's just an opinion. It's an expression in the English language and a bad habit as it misinforms people to believe the follow statement is fact rather than the opinion that it is. 

Now before you argue further, I have a degree in English. I taught literacy and I most certainly know the difference between fact   opinion- but what you have said is not a FACT. 

I'm not disagreeing with the content of what you said, it just bothers me when people say something is a fact when it's just their opinion. Kind of like how some people get bothered when someone misspells their, they're, and there.  




 ? /s 




 You've never met Tuba Gooding, Jr then. He's the Sousaphone player for The Roots 




 that's not a fact. that's an opinion.  




 he gave my keynote at college graduation.  




 What does wut mean?  




 I like the thief bit. You can tell he's being punched right at that moment when says thief 




 Which is ridiculous Andy Serkis was in motion capture suit and acted out the role with wood/astin so they had someone physically there 









 Because Gollum is considered voice acting.  




 damn cuccoos.  




 We call him snowball 




 It's a damn shame andy serkis couldnt be nominated for an oscar because he did fantastic as Gollum 




 No..lol It's Santa roasting a potato over a flame roasted fire so I can be unbanned from /r/AskReddit 




 im with you. I still can't walk in mulch because of the lava monster 




 instructions unclear. have grizzly bears everywhere.  




 Maybe.  




 Yes..congratulations!!!! 




 Okay. Sure. Lots of things CAN happen, but that isn't representative of ALL.  




 I don't think so. Some people have questions that are yes/no and close ended questions. Sometimes it's good to see people's explanations for their answers and maybe give the person asking the question some clarity. Of course someone will always be yes or no, but that's okay.  




 Yes. I have. I live here. That's why I posted it. I don't disagree with what you said.  




 Yeah I get it, he's a dudebro douche. But regardless it doesn't make him a pedophile  









 It sounds like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6oXW_YiV6g 




 I don't know who K Rodgers is. 

I said [K-Rogers](https://www.kroger.com/). Not sure why you added a d?  




 [Well it sounds like this probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cun-LZvOTdw) 




 [EXAMINE FLORIDAS ROMEO AND JULIET LAW](http://www.flsenate.gov/PublishedContent/Session/2012/InterimReports/2012-214cj.pdf)
 




 The guy was 21 and she was 17? What's the big deal? 




 Gas stations, grocery stores, candy stores, malls, amazon, ebay, chocolate stores on the internet,   Reese's website.  




 K...I'm alive...now pet me human  




 No. The word 'need' is no where in that sentence.  









 When I was 15 and worked as cashier if a customer says that was 2.98 and it rang up as like 4.98 or something I always just changed it for them. In fact, any time anybody ever asked or said they thought the price was lower I always lowered it for them. 

HAHAHAHAHAH TAKE THAT K-ROGERS 




 If she asks to meet up for kisses, that's a good sign.  




 [No...no...no..nooooooooo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV4zcuF2fe8) 




 Ugh WoW. I have such bad memories of wow. It reminds me of this time I was dating this girl, we'll call her wolverine since she liked to scratch my backs while fucking until my back was bleeding. I didn't mind, but it hurt when I showered. 

Anyway, her roommate, we'll call her Cynthia, was dating this guy named Steve who liked to play WoW a lot. No problem there, I played UO and Dark Age of Camelot, I like MMORPGS, we even all used to play Munchkin card game together- lots of fun. 

Anyway, The issues I have with WoW are that Steve, when we were all out getting to know each other bowling or some random double date, he says he has to go because there is an all important raid to do. 

This is why I dislike WoW. You're out in the real world with your girlfriend who wants to give you some pussy and you have to go on an emergency raid for some random item you might have a chance at getting. 

 




 cigarillo  




 Go smoke a cigarello thugz bunny 




 Caturday Furbruary 10th, 2016 (but might get pushed back, it's on CAtlantic Records...or maybe never see the light of day) 









 Haha...proof 

geometry jargon !! 




 probable 




 Saw this when I signed in... (Also, for you grammar nuts out there he didn't say irregardless ...yay!!) 









 I'm a Cat Coaster. I also feel vindicated. Winning the battles does help!! 




 thunder buddies 




 Wow. So Bush used his own party's racism as a tool to get votes?  




 or hips 




 that's crazy 




  And the dirty tricks...wow. In the 2000 race, when George Bush was running against McCain, Bush's people called up a bunch of voters in the south and told them that McCain had a black baby. It worked, support for McCain plummeted.

What? lol  




 pretty sure Bone Thugs were among the first rappers to sing/rap together in the early to mid 90s and become successful off of it.  




 Oh so they fake executions? And then they finally do it for real 




 I just like MMLP because he absolutely destroys ICP, almost the entire album. It's hilarious.  




 I liked No Love  




 interesting.  









 Why don't people who are about to have their heads sawed off fight back and put up a struggle? They're going to die anyway, why not try and cause some havoc? 




 these comments remind me of the everyone here is a bot except you fiasco  




 makes sense.  




 That's what I thought. I thought he was setting someone up for a run.  




 Well they got Axum right in Africa with Christianity.  




 Oh nice memory foam! I was going to say those cushions look terribly uncomfortable. That's a wonderful job you guys did on that. 

How wide is it? If he is 6.1'' and can lay down with legs stretched, it is about 6 feet wide?  




 How is that possible is there a bed? I didn't see a picture of the bed when it's complete can you upload one? Or have someone lay in it for scale?  




 interesting you would have figured seaosn 7-9 the newer season would have been first 









 I started watching some of my favorite Season 3 episodes and I noticed it's widescreen now, it fits my entire television screen, and the quality isn't as fuzzy. When did this happen? I thought they only had Season 1 as HD 




 It's pretty gross, I'll admit.I keep thinking that when your father was 24, she wasn't even an idea yet.  




 You think he's damaging them or making them look better?  




 Is he, by being so out there and insulting John McCain for being captured, being so out there and insane that when people look at the rest of the candidates they look awesome? Is that the tactic he is using here to help the GOP or something? It confuses me.  




 It's important to express your feelings in a healthy way to your father. Let him know how you feel about this and your concerns. It's okay to judge people, it's natural, but I would wait to meet her first. Does your father have a lot of money or something?  




 out of curiosity, can you sleep in there? Or is it too small?  









 it's not cheating...because ITS YOUR DOG ....GET IT!?!?!?!?! 




 Booooo Wendy Boooooo  




 Um ...no it's interspecies erotica  




 Boooooo 




 What? lol. I was being sarcastic. I was saying "Good job for looking for for all the misspellings out there [on reddit]. I upvoted you for it, buddy. It is hard work fixing everyone's grammar these days." 

Most people can spot whether a word should be plural or singular. I was making fun of you for pointing it out. I do not need to go to school for grammar, I teach it. I'm also not a stickler about it in unprofessional settings when I know what the person meant.  




 I feel like whenever someone goes against the grain they get upvoted.  




 sounds like a mild coincidence  




 Holy Crap that's my Pepe! I originally posted it to /b/ 




 Looking out for all the misspellings out there. I upvoted you buddy. It's hard work.  




  Just because random white guy A wears anything with a confederate battle flag doesn't mean he's a racist or ignorant bigot

Yeah it does. Well, I don't know anything about the media...I don'thave cable but I've always not liked the Confederate Flag, I respect people's right to have one, but if I see someone with one I pretty much assume they are racist. Kind of like seeing a guy with a Nazi tattoo on him. I pretty much think he's a racist asshole.  




 Yeah I'm just not gonna play till they fix it.  




 Had this problem with last splatfest. 6 out of my first 10 matches my team had someone disconnect or the other team did. I had this problem with splatfest on the 5th of July as well. Not sure what's wrong with Splatoon but I don't think I can play splatfest anymore, sorry team rollercoaster!! 

It's just too frustrating.  




 Yeah I just won 25-0 for roller coaster so i wouldnt say water is maiming  




 427,238 




 No i wont.  




 Well you can't play the extra bonus levels if you use it i dont think ? or there's something you can't get if you use it.  




 What's the regular leaf in the game called then?  




 Ahh..didn't know it was called that. Is it a cheat if the game provides it? I don't think it's bad. I never used because if you use it you can't get certain bonus things to open up.  




 Was unaware it was called Tanooki suit. Why is it called that name? I never used it. But I did die enough for one a few times haha.  




 427,236 




  I don't get it.  




 are used for. 

Some statistics are sure...not all, but what you're doing is making a racist generalization based on statistics. I use statistics in my job as a school counselor and not for generalizations...not in any way.  




 I'm watching Season 3 in HD right now though on Netflix.  




 It's more a stereotype and you're making a generalization based on statistics. Most importantly, we don't even know if that is his dad lol.  




 One of my earliest memories of playing video games was playing Tecmo Bowl and soon after Super Tecmo Bowl. In Super, it was the only game i could have the Browns win the Super Bowl, which I know will never happen in real life because of God. 

Anyway, I used to play my brother in Tecmo Bowl ALL THE TIME. Every day after school, Tecmo Bowl. Homework done? Tecmo Bowl. Can't sleep? Tecmo Bowl. I also had a black and blue arm for about a year of my life playing this game because every time I scored points my brother would punch me as hard as he could for every point I scored to deter me from winning the game or scoring points. He was five years older than me. I was conditioned into thinking I'd be punched for scoring points. So much so that when I grew older and tried to play Madden online I'd flinch if I scored a field goal or touchdown against someone. 

At this time, this is when I realized that people suck and there is no hope. So I played RPG's instead. Where I could solve puzzles instead of scoring touchdowns. This is my story of Tecmo Bowl. And fuck you Joseph.  

**TL;DR   Brother punched me for scoring points. Fuck you Joseph.**  




 Yeah that's what the new Wii U Mario World 3D game is like. If you die enough in a row you can get the super leaf. It doesn't make you invincible and you can still die, BUT, it does help you out immensely so you can beat the level. 

Still Super Mario World 3D is probably one of the better Mario Games.  




 There's a book of them if you google this passage you'll see results for a google book with stories like this.  




 There are a few versions of this story I've read. The other version I remember has a note pinned on the dog which says, "You are the owner." Meaning the owner has Alzheimer's and someone has been helping take care of the dog for him, but it always returns to him every day.  




 blocked 




 A good example of machinima would be South Park's Make Love, Not Warcraft where part of the story was done using Warcraft. 

I would love to be able to use this with Ocarina of Time or other games like MegaMan in my counseling and large group teaching lessons. 

Using story invention as a way to help students retain information is wonderful I think. A lot of people knock on those who spend too much time with video games but it can be a great way to teach students.  









 Uhh...no 




 what's happening 




 I am bi 




 Yes 




 No. Anal sex doesn't feel good to some- those on the receiving end of it.  




 For some people, it doesn't feel good or they just don't like it.  




 I [already have](https://www.reddit.com/r/Delightfullychubby/comments/3bm78w/brian_12_years_old_24_pounds_of_awesome/) a few weeks ago :) 




  I was ways tell women that.

....what? 




 ....why didn't he stop fucking with them then? Obviously, this case is a bit ridiculous for going to court, but fuck...when someone tells you to leave them alone i don't understand why people don't just drop it.  




 Oh okay. It's just I remember my elementary science teacher told me once when a kid asked what Pluto was like she said, "Ice mountains and ice everywhere"  




 my cat loves me. fat lovable fur thing. he's too fat to run away. he has to cuddle me when i want. HAHAHAHAHA ^^^^^HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 




 They said, "Who would have supposed that there were ice mountains?" project scientist Hal Weaver said. "It's just blowing my mind."

I don't understand this. I thought we've known for a while that Pluto was icy because of its far distance from the Sun, so wouldn't it be normal to assume there were ice mountains on Pluto? I mean, I'm assuming lots of people thought this. Was he joking or being sarcastic?  




 Well, why would you have to get Plan B if you were gardening the Butt? 

My pharmacy Plan B is only 50$ :)  




 [because no one has posted it yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3JkCCQ2EFY) 




 What have I got in my pocket?  




 Yeah. But one of the co-founders when he first started the site, /u/spez, banned racist/homophobic stuff. So, one of the founders is again CEO of Reddit, and he's pretty much telling you this is how it's going to be, tough shit. There's nothing wrong with that- it's his site, he made it he can do with it what he wants.  




 Song of Storms sounds like Game of Thrones  









 I originally commented that you should have left Reddit. I would like to apologize and say that Reddit users got the best of me. I like what you did with Reddit.  




 But you didn't sit this one out. You just stood up and put yourself in.... 




 they got a penny from you.  




 /u/spez banned racist/homophobic shit when they first started reddit...im not sure how this is different 




 The co-founder can do whatever he wants. 




 I saw it. Mine doesn't.  




 sometimes i go to shadow, get hover boots, then go to spirit.  
























