 I think it is a hacked article. 




 This sounds like hacked article. Somebody went on the Reuters website and planted a hacked article. 




 I wonder if people are going to gold on the cheap. 




 Try Target, Walmart, your local Supermarket, Taco Bell, and those places.  Also this could be a resource http://washingtondc.craigslist.org/mld/ret/
http://washingtondc.craigslist.org/mld/fbh/ 




 temecula might be a good idea.  You got the wine country as well plus there is gambling and shows at Pechanga. 




 average for a guy. 




 This guy goes on and on.  The diatribe becomes too repetitive and bore at times.  He lost my interest after about one minute. 




 What evidence does he have?  I doubt that he has any evidence.  The reality is that the money is coming from Saudi Arabia or Egypt. 




 What a sick prick! 




 good shit. 




 We do not need another cigarette taxes.  Cigarettes are taxed too high and people should have the legal right to smoke. 




 That sounds like invasion of privacy. 




 That is going too far.  I mean gun control should be on the table, but banning games is a violation of free speech. 




 The only problem with that theory is that the wealthy are not receiving additional benefits for money paid into the system.  Unlike the income taxes which were designed to be a progressive system, the social security tax is designed to be social insurance program which is based on how much a person's contributes to the program over a period of time and the benefit is proportional to the tax receipts that paid into the system. 

Once the tax has no ceiling on income, it ceases to be a social insurance tax, but rather a form of restricted income tax on the wealthy disguised as a social insurance tax where the tax receipts are creates an encumbrance (restriction) on expenditures to be used to shore up security instead of being appropriated for use in the government general fund. 

In conclusion, raising the ceiling is a form of restricted income tax on the wealthy and is not designed to social insurance for their income.  
 




 Obama has a "fear" of not looking being bi-partisan and just being bold liberal who fights for liberal causes.  He wants to be seen as 
"post-partisan" and is afraid of being tagged as a liberal in his legacy.  Instead, he should embrace the liberal agenda and be like President Johnson who liberal agenda defines him to this day. While Johnson always have the Vietnam War that will tarnish his agenda, Obama should have realized that liberalism will have defined his legacy, and not trying to be post-partisan with this group of Republicans. 




 Administrators did not put enough effort into forecasting the effects of a bubble economy on the city finances.  If the city had made a proper forecast of the housing bubble, perhaps, the effects of the housing recession would not be in effect. 




 There should be a focus in the state legislature to force the communities colleges to identify and eliminate inefficient use of overhead and G A expenses.  




 Impressive Rack. 




 Makes me think twice about drinking and driving. 




 Why cannot we do this nation-wide?  They do this in many European countries.  How about granting a week off for all workers? 




 What a bunch of loons! Do they ever get it? 




 While Hugo Chavez criticisms of US imperial power and help towards the poor was considered to be hallmarks of his legacy, he also leaves behind a a cult of personality that is akin to Mao, Stalin, or Castro.  While Chavez was a far less brutal ruler than Mao or Stalin, he still used a  lot of the same tactics to stamp out the opposition. 




 This is the problem when you keep an artificial ceiling on interest rates for an extended period of time instead of letting the interest rates float. 




 That is a good idea for a single-payer system. Instead of Obama Care, we could have single-payer catastrophic health-care system and have private supplumental surance for the rest of the expenses. 

You never hear about that idea from the left, but it might be the idea that hits the spot.  




 What is the point of the article?  It means that there is massive inequality in the nation and that people are forced to go on food stamps because there is not enough high-paying jobs.   If there was enough high-paying jobs, the need for food stamps would decrease significantly

The reality is that we need to increase wages to get people off entitlement programs and not cut entitlement programs just because people cannot afford food stamps because the jobs that are around are considered to be crap jobs out there.   




 It just goes to show how people will go to any lengths to have the bible justify their position, even though the bible has no prohibitions against interracial marriage (especially in the New Testament which has no prohibitions against interracial marriage) 




 I guess there will be massive exodus of people out of Phoenix one of these days, but I doubt we will see until maybe 2040. 




 Why is is this even a link? 




 Too bad. I was actually looking forward to Ashley Judd running. 




 An interesting idea, but I do think it would work. 




 The thing that I did not get is that Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, and Mike Lee voted against it.  I think it shows that Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, and Rand Paul wanted something more extreme thing that what Paul Ryan proposed. 




 Is anybody suprised here?  He is a neo-conservative that is sheep in clothings.  He is a just another neo-con DINO out there and we are glad to get rid of him. 




 That is a such petty law.  Good job by the Judge.   




 And you got to remember, the House of Representatives is supposed to be the people's house and that is not in the hands of the Dems.  In reality, the people's house belong to the Republican party, like or not and that is based on population.

 




 Wow! Lack of bullets? Maybe cutting a few F-35 fighters from the marine's budgets should give them enough money.   The F-35 is nothing, but a giant fiasco (http://www.allvoices.com/contributed-news/14206240-the-f35-fighter-jet-program-a-world-class-fiasco)
 




 Yet, an another Republican  know-nothing. 




 That is way too much money. 




 Thanks 




 Why does all of our politicans have to pander for AIPAC? It seems that nobody has courage to stand up to them and state that their policies contribute towards creating a hostile environment in the Middle East, and actually hinder the peace process and worsen the security environment for Isreal. 




 Isreal should gets it the across-board cut just like everybody else does.
 




 Finally, some transparency on this issue, but it does not shed light on the operational procedures for drone killings.  Such operational procedures should be discussed in a secret briefing to Congress (for national security purposes), but our lawmakers should know the operational procedures for how a  targeting drone stike is conducted.   




 Thinking that voting is somehow a entitlement is an purely indirect method of hiding one's own view of racial superiority. It suggets that one has an inferior view of poor and uneducated black people having the right to vote.  Do we give white and poor voters and deny them the right to vote? The answer is no.  

The South has infamous documented history of making voting access difficult to racial minorities and other lower-class people.  Therefore, letting the South monitior its own election is liking letting Wall Street police itself.  We know that self-regulation in the end does not exist in places where the environment itself encourages noncomplaince with federal constitutional law.  Therefore, we need to keep the voting protection acts as long as possible.  




 It is time that people learned to step up for themselves and say no to austerity economics.  Once the cuts get bad off, it is time to say "no" to austerity economics. 




 I think the main problem is that he used doomsday language to get the Republicans to sway to vote on more tax increases.  That is not simply possible.  You are going to have to elect more dems because you have to tell and demonstrate the these cuts are actually bad for the economy and you need more revenue to do it.  We actually need to experience a few months of the sequester to really to determine whether it is really harmful for the country.  If it is, than the Republicans lose the political battle and Obama will be proven right.  If not, the GOP will have some talking points for the 2014 campaign. 




 I think his poll numbers are dropping because people are beginning to see that the effects of the sequester will not be as bad as first reported.  People will see that the Republicans are right on spending cuts that the effects of the sequester are overstated (even I though I favor less spending cuts and higher taxes).  Remember, that 50% of the cuts are coming from defense which is something that we need to cut anyways and the GOP (except for some like Rand and Ron Paul) would refuse to cut it prior to the sequester 




 The house is pathetic piece of government. It does not know to how lead the government 




 Nice rack. 




 I would  recommend attending some Al-Anon meetings. They would provide some support and advice for you. Al-Anon is designed for people that have relationships with people in addiction  




 that was motherfucking funny 




 Well, I guess there are some horny 40 years old out there. 




 Time to for Sheriff Joe to resign. 




 So hot! 




 How cute! 




 I guess Germany is not going to have to be a tightwad. 




 They will get the gallows for that 




 Just shows how much Christans ignore their own scriptures when it comes to love and tolerance. 




 They know how to groove. 




 adorable! 




 That is an act of bravery.  




 What a moron. 




 Keep to a three to four a day.  Just do not drink a six pack and end up an alcoholic. 




 All I get is spam with this link. 




 So cute! 




 Should be posted under World News 




 There is no evidence that proves or disproves God existences.  Therefore, it is completly rational to believe in a god.  For example, the complete order and harmony of this universe points towards a creator of infinite intelligence.  However, we do not know its ways or neither we can comprehend it.  There are infinite amount of stars and possibliy a large amount of intelligent life out there that we cannot detect.  We do not know how God has dealt with them.  We are just finite beings with finite capacity to understand the infinite.   I belief strongly in Darwinan evolution, but I also believe that it is strongly possible for it to be power greater than ourselves to exist 




 I do not like it. 




 They know how to fight. 




 Hope you get clean and you get the help that you need to change your life. 




 3 years probabtion and 90 days in the county jail. 




 No, they are not responisble for the  person death.  The person is neligent for believing the claims of the faith healer and is responsible for their health. 




 Nice ass! 




 That is why UPS is far better than USPS.  The only good about the mail is that cheaper than UPS or FedEx. 




 Super PACS.  They do not help build movement conservatism or neither to help elect liberals to office.  They are poison to both parties and so should be banned. 




 Never heard of that before.  If it does exist, it is very obscure passage because I have never heard it any Christian or atheist circles. 




 Yeah! It was failed policy

 




 I should have checked it. 




 Please do not post it.  I consider that to be an offensive remark and I am agnostic.  I have a lot of people that are Christians that have significantly helped me with my life and recovery.  Putting people down's faith is just no no to me because their faith in God has helped my life to be better. 




 Go put Rick Perry go without health insurance for 30 days and then let him to tell you how it much sucked not having insurance.

Seriously, you make blanket statements like that means that you have take action and do what is right.  




 With who? Nobody can run elections in politics until money is removed from politics which is replaced by a surtax on the income tax that specifies that .01-.05% of all taxable income be taxed to fund the Presidential and Congressional elections.

It is not a popular idea but it would generate the amount of revenues required to fund all Presidential and Congressional elections without resorting to big money campaign donations. 




 Pepper spray for nonviolent protestors?  I thought that was only reserved for prisoners in the supermax facility who would be a real threat to guards.

Pepper sprays work goods in prison because it prevents super-max guards for using brutal force, but on a person from Occupy is going too far and should be considered a criminal action and result in a trip to the county jail for the police officers who pepper sprayed the protesters. 




 Orange County Burners.  We are at http://groups.yahoo.com/ocburners.  It is an older group, but we are friendly to everybody. 




 Sorry Fox News  you are bunch of liars.
(http://maddowblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2010/04/07/4126070-context-lies-and-videotapes-the-real-acorn-story)
 




 They should be monitoring pederasses, thieves, drug dealers who sell hard drugs, and robbers and not wasting taxpayer's resource on the Occupy movements. 




 That is the problem about putting links on the mobile phone sometimes. 




 It is NFSW by accident 




 They are supposed to run a public transportation system and not into become a fascist organization.  Unfortunely, I believe the culture at BART is systemic and this is why Oscar Grant is in a box because BART has not taken dramatic step to rid itself of this culture.

Until BART realizes it is primary purpose is public transit and not law enforcement, you will not see any change in the culture. 




 Maybe that reddit belongs to the cult of I-Phones. 




 The only that I have gone with using the internet in the last few years when I have been at vacation at Burning Man.  My life is so connected to Facebook, Yahoo Groups, and Meetup that I would have a hard time finding and connecting with people.  In addition, I use the internet to attend AA meetings online. 




 There is nothing  that you can do about her alcoholism.  She has to become honest and admit to herself that she is powerless over alcohol.  She has admit that her life is unmanagable and that she needs serious help like an inpatient rehab that deal especially dual diganosis cases. Or she can go to 90 AA meetings in 90 days and get a sponsor. 




 I wish that I could do that, but it made my life unmanageable and therefore, I have to a meeting a day for a long time. 




 I wish that I could use the OC bus system to save on my commute.  I would use if it took 90 minutes to get from Huntington Beach to Mission Viejo,  Sadly, it takes two and half-hours and that shows the sorry state that public transit is on the OC 




 I would personally just left the dope alone. I support Cannabis legalization even though I do not smoke and I am in recovery for alcohol abuse. 




 What a fiasco! I cannot believe Obama has sunk to this point! 




 I would use it to buy some hiking clothes, a backpack for backpacking,  I would also buy some topo maps for places for hike. 




 That is last area that we need to cut.  We need every dollar to spend on climate change and not cut the environmental bills 




 There are some services like garbage that should be outsourced like trash and IT support.  Private contractors do better at some things than public sector does.   And this is coimg from a progressive. 




 Now! That is a bachleor pad that I wanted to go into 




 Why is Obama on this issue?  He should be like Theodore Roosevelt and makes this merger DOA.  Nothing

All Obama has to state that he opposes the merger and that he instruct the FTC to block the merger.  The corporations will then back down and not merge.

Of course, Obama captiluates on everything and therefore, does not have capablity to stop large corporations because he fears them too much. 




 Than perhaps Ron Paul is right and we should eliminate the Fed. 




 Yeah, getting out of drug and alcohol addiction takes hell of lot of effort and humility.  I know! I have to recovery my addiction to alcohol and it takes a lot of effort and time.  A lot of time that could have gone into hobbies and watching TV shows on weekday nights are taken away. 

Yet, it is doable.  I have got sober three times and it is struggle, but is is possible. 




 This  make me sick to my stomach    




 Just what I need!  Congress cannot make a payment on  the debt ceiling and I do not get paid my vacation pay while I was in rehab. 




 Do you live in the OC? 




 If weed does not make your life unmanageable and you are not addict, try to set your weed smoking to a set amount of times a day.  A good advice is to take a toke every five hours on the dot.  It would mean that you smoke three blunts a day and get about 15-17 hours of work done and the weed will help you relax better. 




 yeah she is hot! 




 put it in the gay section or on your local Craigslist MFW casual sex website if you are not gay. 




 What about the problem of teenage unemployment? 




 They are crazy. 




 Sounds like this guy is not rapist, but an alcoholic who needs serious help and needs to admit and accept that he cannot recover alcohol unless he admits total powerless over and that it makes him life unmanageable and he works a program.  As an alternative, he needs to learn to motivate him to abstain and deal with the underlying problems that cause his drugs.  There is multiple paths to soberity, but it depends on how much that he wants it and you do not need an expense rehab to solve it. 




 Trying to pay for it will not help.  You should seriously consider about seeing a dating coach instead of paying money for a hooker.  Or try to see threapist that is skilled in teaching relationship skills.

If you got the money to afford hookers, you got the money to afford professional help that help you to develop social and relationship skills that you lack. 




 Drinking alone was one of most loneliest and depressing things that I did.  I did it for two years and it did not solve my problems.

Maybe it works for you though. 




 Because people are too lazy to change their old, bad habits. 




 It is all about control and fear.     




 Me too 




 Meetup is good way to make friends.  If you are into Burning Man, there is a OC Burner group here locally that gets together. http://groups.yahoo.com/groups/ocburners 




 What happened to shareholders keeping the corporations accountable for operational performance?  Clearly, an incident like this should result in no bonus for failure to achieve concrete operational goals.    




 Even as a US liberal, the government should not the business of making vodka.  Vodka is a private good and therefore, the private sector should have control over the Vodka market. 




 She is a such a douchbag! 




 Nope 




 I do not create an identity on Facebook! It is real me!  I tell people on Facebook that I am recovered alcoholic, agnostic, progressive, Burner, autistic, political junkie, and Chargers Fan.  

I do not pretend to be somebody that I am not. These people are lying to themselves because they live in fear of being themselves. 




 Great! A week of work and I get a claim of week of unemployment! Woo hoo! 




 Well, if they want to make peace with the stubborn Isrealis, than Hamas has to go.  




 Are they ever going to give up fighting the people of Gaza? Has enough blood been shed there. 




 The lesson is that you have to get that perfect buzz to make the best music. 




 Probably good old Southern Baptist 




 If you want to get rid of birthright citizenship, than the GOP also need includes a clause that include langauge that get rids of corporations as people.  Than you got your deal. 




 Your are glad that you never have to inside the Maricopa County Jail. 




 Just enjoy a quiet beer to yourself or you intend to get drunk? 




 I would lose in that game. I have zero hand-eye coordination and so that prevents me from getting addicted to video games. 




 Nope, there is the Log Cabin Republicans which are gay conservatives. Most of them favor free-market capitalism over the regulation of capital markets that Dems favor. 




 The Republicans better be careful because this stratergy could really backfire.  




 Obama will veto it. 




 What an arrogant SOB!  




 I still read old media, but I use my computer or phone to read it.  




 California cannot have a budget deficit and therefore, California is experiencing massive spending cuts. The federal government does not and therefore, not need to. Theortic ally,  it can run a deficit into eternity as long it pays the debt service cost.
 




 Just use Google Docs and use the spreadsheet function  It has portable operability because it is web-based and you do not have to Microsoft Office license to operate it. 




 There is always Afghanistan.  It is supposed to have tons of lithium. 




 There is called one problem that we have in the United States that prevent us from doing that: a massive budget deficit. 




 Your are normal toker!  People that smoke a ton of bowls every day are addicts just like alcoholics.  Unless your smoke a ton of bowls every day, continue to smoke!  The people that smokes a ton of bowls every day need to quit because their are addicts and need to abstain from use of weed. 




 I am the same way.  I like being alone for extended times, but I like going to large-scale parties.  I find it easier to mingle with people at large parties than spend significant time with somebody with one on one.  That is odd for somebody who have high-functioning autism, but that is what my social skills training good for. 




 You have no friends?  I recommend go to Meetup.com and look for a Meetup that is centered around your interests.  OC has tons of meetups.

 




 You might want to examine whether it was the result of your own making.   You might want to look into the flaws that causes the break-up of the relations.  If your self-examination discloses no findings or flaws, that she just had flaws that she needed to work and it was too difficult, given her flaws, to maintain a serious relationship with the member of the opposite sex.

You can only keep your side of street honest.  You cannot change people or control their actions.  Being rigiorously honest with oneself is the key thing to ensure honest relations with the other sex. 




 I got OCD and autism and I already addicted to Reddit.  The other webstie that I spend way too much on Google News. 




 35 




 My only criticism of the video is that they did not have some smoking hot babe as the police officer.  Than she spank you and call you a bad boy. 




 LOL 




 Yep, having a car is important.  More important is the ability to have a relationship and have excellent social skills. 




 What is the threat? Iran? 




 Now that is nation full of morons. 




 Join a credit union.  My credit union never charges me when I have enough funds. 




 I would rather have Bloomberg as President over any of the nitwit Republican any day of the week.  He might favor the plutocrats, but he does know have to govern and has good leadership skills. 




 No, that it is impossiblity. 




 The real lesson is how teach to people to have long-term soberity and quality soberity.  We do not want have the bad type of soberity like George Bush does. 




 Not all TV is bad.  There is the Science Channel, The History Channel, and other stuff.  Of course, Stewart and Cobert as well.
 




 She needs a giant hug and be told that her is okay.  Living self-pity is solution that leads to addiction.  Learn gratitude!  The key to this problem is self-acceptance.  She needs to accept for the person that she is and that by working on herself, she can work on her character flaws.

She needs to learn that perfectionism is not the goal.  It is progress in our self-development and not perfection.

 




 That was funny 




 This is an cause and the effect error.  Your reasoning suggests that people will do daring acts because the government will pick up the tab for the health care.  The reality is that this is a coincidence.

A lot of people do dangerous acts in the United States and take the risk even though they do not health insurance. 




 Yuck! That is gross 




 Yeah, I work for the man.  The military-industrial complex itself. 




 Most Americans will never watch it. 




 The reality is that most people are paying federal income taxes through payroll withholds on their payroll checks.  In most cases, there is was more money withheld on the payroll check than the actual tax liability.  This result is in a refund check and therefore, it appears that the person had paid no federal income tax, but in reality it is just a check for the excessive withholds on the payroll check. 




 Rush has not done a through 4th step in years.  Needs to write down that list of those people who he resents and the reasons for resenting those people. 




 This is all about net neturality issue. 




 On Healthcare = The Government is not going far enough on that issue.  There should be a robust public option competing aganist private insurance companies
On Education =  Repeal No Child Left Behind and let local school boards control the curriculum 




 Glen Beck will like George Soros being gone.  Of course, Beck is using Soros as a scapegoat because he does not want really debate policy issues. 




 It is lack of people knowing the proper media resources. Most people are low-information voters and do not about the rich treasure trove of progressive media out there.

I consider myself to be a high-information voter and therefore, I know all of the major conservative and progressive blogs. 




 I do not think so. 




 I voted for it, even though it should have been part of a massive prison reform and controlled substance reform act. 




 Go to Google News and type site:ft.com and Gideon.  That is how you get access to the article 




 That was good video 




 That is funny 




 Hmmm.  You could a mobilizer site like Baresite to get around the filter.   




 It sounds like a good show. 




 I am at home watching the rally, but I have to clean out my car and take it to the car wash. 




 This is fucking sweet 




 I do not why the mass populace is voting for the Republican party.  I think that these people place too much reliance on talk radio, Drudge Report, and Fox News.

In my neck of the woods, I have Pacifica, KPCC,  and KTLK 1150 AM. I also read the OC Register which climate change denier paper, but my news analysis comes from Thom Hartmann and Pacifica and therefore, I will not vote for Republicans based on the information that was dissesmated.  People that listen to conservative get half-truths most of the time.  At times, Beck and his ilk are partially right, but they distort the rest of the story which creates a half-truth.

Our voters rely on half-truth equate it with truth and therefore, will vote Republicans because of their inablity to listen to diverse news sources. 




 I would rather go to war and they would put me all day on working on intelligence gathering via computers.

Prison? Forget it? The gangs would rape me. 




 and they have no clue about that there are serving the corporations. 




 And the tea baggers are being taken advantage of. 




 Me too. I am Reddit when I should be learning dance steps. 




 It does not go far enough. Vote No on Prop 19.  Wait until 2014 for the California Prison Reform   Control Substance Act  




 Your are sick fucker. 




 Out of my friends that are Christians, they actually read it and know it quite well..  But my friends are exceptions to the rule. 




 And most of the people who watch it are bunch of dumbasses.  Go on Topix and you find a bunch of people who agree with Fix News.

I listen to Pacifica and MSNBC for the commentary on the news and I rely on Google News for getting the headlines. 




 I think you submitted the wrong link 




 I am going to vote no.  Why? I have better solution to Prop 19 and my problem solves the California Prison Crisies. 




 He should have the golden light and quit.  Heroin is serious drug that should not be messed with.

My friends use drugs, but they stay away from heroin, crack, and meth.  Most of them are not addicts and use drugs safely.  Those drugs can kill and rob lives.

 




 Who cares about what Bill O thinks?  He wants the US return back to the 1950s again.

Which was a more prosperous time in this country, but a time where intolerance and social conservatism were far more widespread than today.  And, yes being an atheist was far more frowned on than it is today. 




 How was the trip? 




 I do not get that 




 Maybe they are actually showing Christian forgiveness which is the message of the gospel . 




 A lot of pastors in the church would agree with you on that subject.   This is the problem that the church is trying to tackle

(http://blogsearch.google.com/blogsearch?hl=en ie=UTF-8 q=biblical+illiteracy spell=1 oi=spell sa=X)
 




 Yeah! You need the program my friend.  Time to quit! And it can be done without God because I do not believe in God and I got 21 months! Plus I went to Burning Man at least once without drinking.

So the party is not over just because you cannot drink any more! Matter, fact, it might justh has began. 




 This obscene 
























 Steve Nash is a good example. 




 She is such sweetie! 




 go to jail. 




 Because you do not want to be embarrass yourself in front of your boss or girlfriend.

And what is the NSA really going to use the information for?
 




 Doubled-major. 




 This should be in the WTF. 




 The Nazi. 




 If you look at the UK Royal Mail and Canada Post, there is a huge privatization scheme in both countries.  However, the privatization schemes are the direct results when you get conservatives to rule.  

The people who live in rural areas have to most lose if the post office get privatized because the corporations will significantly increase the price of rural deliveries.  And I read somewhere that UPS and Fed Ex rely on the postal service to deliver in some remote rural areas because it is out of UPS and Fed-Ex's area of service.  




 Steve Stockman makes Jon Cornyn look like a progressive. 




 He should be charged with 4 counts of involuntary manslaughter. 




 Yeah, he was definitely scandalous.
 




 Bad combo. Shit it will make paranoid and anxious.
 




 It was the perfect poison pill of the right. 




 Success in blogging really depends on profession and issue.  If I had a CPA license, I could blog about tax issues and perhaps, that would get me a  job with a local CPA firm if I talked about my blog.  Since my specialty requires a clean criminal background and I do not have clean criminal background, it really difficult to use blogging to get a job. 




 Okay, how about this? Go talk to your conservative neighbors if you live in GOP district ( I am registered to vote in GOP district in Cali, but I live in a Dem house district in Cali)  and ask them why they support this GOP obstructionism? Ask them whether it does the country any good? 




 Congressional idiots won't extend unemployment benefits for another 3 Months! That means that I will have line up with the boys at Labor Ready or take a telemarketing job. Ugh! 




 Stupid liberal BS run amokl. 




 My buddy is the Manager of that store,. 




 Maybe, we should have intervened in Libya. 




 That was bad! Real Bad! 




 This is a travesty of justice.  She should gotten fiveteen years in prison for her crime. 




 I think the article is bit misleading because a lot of people that I know have not replaced watching TV for different hobbies.  I think people have switched to watching videos online as part of Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Bitorrent (which is illegal).  Also, people use DVRs now and watch TV at later dates.  The Nielsen ratings do not capture these statistics and therefore, they are understating how many people are actually watching broadcast or cable TV. 




 It is probably because it is now legal, so cops are going to look for it more often.  The cops are probably expecting that there will be spike in the recreational use of the drug because it is easier to access now. 




 Check these groups:

http://www.meetup.com/OC-HIKING-com/
http://www.meetup.com/Orange-County-Sierra-Singles-20s-30s-40s/
 




 Why are people fighting to get the death penalty when the death penalty is name only in California? I just do not get it. 




 I do not like all of the social conservative talk.  I personally favor same-sex marriage and I hate all of the "family value" when it comes to homophobia especially when same sex couples are trying to form family units that the social conservatives value.

I can totally understanding when it comes to abortion when abortion is considered to be "abortion of convenience" and there is real no health justification for it.  I am beginning to oppose abortion in all cases where it is considered to be a "abortion of convenience" instead of health reasons or the women has drastic circumstances that make her to get an abortion. I am pro-choice but only for health cases or the mother is dire circumstances where having a child is not considered to be a feasible option. 




 If you think he is bad, want until DeBlazo gets full power.  He far more interventionist than Bloomberg ever was. 




 Engaging in massive austerity cuts is engaging in the circular firing squad. 




 What is the problem with this?  This is how most German companies run their company. 




 Most of Americans really do not care about their privacy. The ones that really care about their privacy generally try to limit their exposure to social networking as much as possible. 




 Socialism run amok. 




 That is why I stay away from doing it.   




 If it was not for the Obamacare fiasco, these guys would have no chance in 2014 after all of the foolish moves that they made in 2014.  Than Obamacare fails and the GOP is viable again. 




 My uncle is a professional photographer/videographer, Tim Keeler, with over 30+ years of experience.  He also teaches full-time at ROP in Whitter Unified.

Please PM me if you are interested if you want to contact him for a gig. 




 Even though he did the right thing.  It is still a major felony to illegal use your credentials to access information that you did not have access to. 




 I am sorry, that makes his crime a felony. 




 (http://www.peterleeson.com/Does_the_Market_Self_Correct.pdf) 




 The reality is that market does not "self-correct". It takes both investment from both the government and private sector to grow business.  

How is the private sector supposed to "self-correct" a horrendous labor participation rate?  If the market was to "self-correct" the labor participation rate, we would still see significant downward pressure on wages which would lead to greater inequity in the economy.  Greater inequity in the economy eventually leads to reduced consumer spending .  It is all a vicious cycle that will not end until we do something about income inequality.  Until the government changes the tax laws to incentivize companies from stopping hoarding cash, you are not going to see any future investment  




 That is invasive form of privacy violation.
 




 Go the Four Star Theater on 12111 Valley View Street, Garden Grove, CA -

(http://tinyurl.com/k35pzwt)

The movie plays for $4 tomorrow. 




 It is an election year. So  it should be expected that they would not be in session as much. 




 I think it is showing that sequester properly work. 




 How about the United States? 




 I think there is a place off Garden Grove Blvd and Harbor BLvd. It is called Mary's Hair Salon and they charge like $6 dollars and give real good #2 haircuts. (Note:They are not opened on Sunday)

(The address is approximately is 12101 Garden Grove Blvd, Garden Grove, CA 92843   




 They would even do this to white women? 




 The GOP surrenders its war own on Obamacare and agrees to massive tax hikes on the super wealthy. 




 Nope. Just at a meeting. 




 Maybe, that is why the AOL exec is firing a large part of the workforce on Patch. 




 Who is going to believe this guy? Not me. 




 If the bus runs later than 15 minutes, than you need to find an oral complaint with the OCTA about that specific route coming late. If runs more than 15 minute late three times in a month, then you need to file a formal written complaint. with the OCTA.  If it runs more than five times late in a month, then you need to physically appear at the next OCTA board of directors meeting and write a formal written letter to the OC Register about the bus system running late.  (And believe the OC Register is willing take to report any story about the governmental inefficiency) 




 I hate the route 43 bus going south at night. It is always damn late.  Also, the 56 can be also infamously late if you take it certain times at night. 




 Maybe you should go to NA before you decide to get some pussy. There is a lot of personal flaws within you that the steps would clean up. 




 You can try to Sourceforge.  They are always looking for people to help out with coding projects. 




 Wow, I stay busy all day with answering ads.   




 Another method that I use to get news fast is type into Google:
is "Twitter" + the name of the news source that you want to get.

The Twitter feed is real fast way to scroll through the headlines to get the stories that you need to know. 




 use this link to get your news
http://reddit.com/r/news/new
http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/new
http://reddit.com/r/politics/new
http://reddit.com/r/science/new
http://reddit.com/r/technology/new
 




 With this Congress, I bet we that we fall over the cliff because nothing that Obama will do will make the teabaggers happy. 




 Good shit! 




 This is just pure jackassery. 




 He is a crook who bankrupt the city for so his and his cronies could get rich. 




 Yep, how about 30 years in jail for that offense. 




 What is so sinful about caffine? There is a lits of "pious" Christians who are coffee junkies. 




 Go on Craigslist.  They are dumping the I-Phones like crazy. 




 Solution: Take the 83 to Disneyland if you live near Main Street. 




 The war that never ends.  




 Look, the Greek government has  a terrible record on tax collection. Seizing private property is merely a way from them to collect the unpaid tax revenue from wealthy private individuals.  Part of the reason why the Greek government is in so much debt is because the government has a horrible rate of collecting taxes from private individuals and governments. 




 It seems there is a never ending struggle with the Muslim Brotherhood and the Egyptian government.  The government just has no idea had to legislate a free speech law that allow the Muslim Brotherhood to have  press freedom, but also properly restricts their activities in order to protect the Egyptian national security interests of the government. 




 Oh wow! They are bunch of creeps in Cali doing 400+ years to life for crimes for worse than these guys did. If these guys were in the US, they would be on death roe. 




 A year on jail should teach them a lesson  




 What a nut bag! Our money spent on oil directly goes funnels crap like this. 




 Go to LA Decom tonight. It is $25 and there will be a lot of people spinning music. In addition, you can probably hear about some cool afterparties through word of mouth.  




 My roommate is a good mechanic.  PM me and I will you give his contact information. 




 Creepy 




 It is her failure to understand the consequences of her disease and failure to seek out. I think one of the major issues that should have been brought up at sentences was whether there was attempts to get her into a treatment program. If the evidence shows that nobody personally intervened to get her into treatment, this would be a major migitation factor. Once an alcoholic has been offered the opportunity to get treatment, the responsibility is on them to get treatment. It is also their job to remain sober. However, untreated alcoholism without the chance of treatment to me is a considered to be a major migitating circumstance on a criminal case 




 This is considered to be a torture and deserves a life sentence. 




 Good idea. It would be good to have somebody to clean up the county jail mess.   




 The one thing I dreaded about the Santa Anas is sweeping up all of the leaves off my landlord's drive way tomorrow.
 




 If you take the toll road, it will be expense.  The toll road is very helpful for cutting time from a commute from Costa Mesa to Dana Point at night.
I remember it shaved a lot of time off my commutes. 




 I hope she wins, but it is long shot.  It depends how much of the vote that she can get from the Latino, African-American votes, and young, white voters.  If these groups turn out in high numbers despite Texas voter ID laws, she has a possible shot of winning. She needs to focus on these groups than trying to win the middle-class and upper-class white votes.  In Texas, winning a majority of white vote for a Dem is  just not to going to happen for a long, long time. 




 Perhaps, it will teach us not use nuclear power anymore because nuclear power is just too risk with potential pollution from nuclear power accidents 




 What we need is better methods of behavioral-modification therapy than relying so much on drugs.   




 The tea party will be pissed off and be full revolt. You cannot negotiate with those hostage takers. 




 It is stupid legislature that does not allow people to have a break on their driver's license once they have been clean and sober for a long time. After ten years clean, it should be off your record for good. 




 I would definitely choose Costa Mesa because its close to a ton of bars within walking distance and very close to the beach. 




 He is a cruel idiot.  Doesn't he understand the globalization has caused significant youth unemployment? 




 There is $2 movies at the Main Place. 




 Here is a reason why socialism that does not work. 




 I wonder if the end of nuclear power is upon us. 




 Should he just get life in prison or term of years less than life? It just seems to be some sort of political revenge by the ruling party and this guy had  a secondary role to the crisis.   




 He draws his (very small market) from using resentful language towards the conservative right.  Just like Savage does except for Savage gets a far bigger audience than Malloy gets because conservative talk radio appeals towards far more people and is more fiscally viable than left-wing talk radio.   




 For conservatives, Mike Malloy is the Michael Savage of the left.  He takes no prisoners and makes no compromises with conservatives.  Michael Savage is just as bad as Malloy.

 




 Is bad enough that she needs to get some help like outpatient treatment? 




 YOu mean this fire

http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2013/09/28/small-brush-fire-erupts-on-hillside-in-san-juan-capistrano/ 




 Look I am white guy that has lived or goes through Santa Ana almost every day. I shop at the local Walmart over Harbor and McFadden.  I use to live off Euclid and First and go downtown all the time.

Never once I was threated.  Sure, my phone was stolen when I left it on the bus, however, that would be expected in any major urban portion of the OC where people are struggling.

Personally, I believe that most of the danger is largely dependent on who associate with Santa Ana.  If you associate or family with gang-bangers or drug-users, you should expect your fair share of violence.  However, it is my  experience that there is little violence as long you do not associate with gangbangers. 




 If you read the Republican talking points, you hear about them bringing insurance across state lines.  Yeah, like letting big healthcare companies move their insurance to the least regulated states.  That is such a dumb idea. 




 They also have gone after Bank of America pretty bad as well. But nobody has gone to jail for the financial crisis? My question:why? 




 Why cannot the principles of free market be used?  




 Kinda of dumb. 




 I just think Common Core is a stupid approach to take away the individual district's ability to design and make the lesson plan to wishes of the voters.   




 Why is this nation try limit free speech? Please.  Most people who support gun rights are not criminals and do not want go out kill massive amounts of people.  It is the insane people who are the people that ruins the right of legitimate gun owners. 




 So you want violent criminals to get out less than 85% time served?  That is major driver in why offenders stay in jail so long. 




 San Clemente. Little beachside community that is pretty good. 




 What is the current status of the dog? 




 At least the Tea Party group is unqualified 




 Yes, they are unfit to govern. 




 Do you have any accounting positions? 




 You can also try Labor Ready to get work. 




 If you need a quick job, go to AGR on 1540 E Warner Ave  Santa Ana, CA 92705.  It is telemarketing, but it at least it will pay the bills for the short-term if you can sell well. 




 There is a lot of factory jobs out there.  There is a Global Cash Call that has a customer service representative position available.  Just call the OC One Stop in Westminister to find out when they are hiring. 




 Mission Viejo Lake is another good spot or any place in Mission Viejo is good because there are tons of hills in Mission Viejo. 




 Santa Ana River Creek Trail is a good spot.  You can run for several miles along the trail. 




 Personally, I have no problem with this execution.  This guy killed three people already and shows no remorse for human life.  




 Maybe, that will expose the scam that is Pat Robertson that we knew all of these years. 




 I think that Obama is getting a lot of pressure from the neo-conservative camp to do something on Syria and he wants to follow Clinton's footsteps in terms of limited intervention in foreign entanglements where whole-scale massacres of innocent people.  However, the Iraq War has permanently discredited the US use of force in foreign entanglements even the if the use of force was limited.  If Obama wanted to truly intervene the proper way, he should have gave arms to rebels a long time ago and sent special forces as advisors for training the rebels. I think that is better use of military resources than limited strikes that could potential escalate the war. 




 That is just the military zealots try to agree on a policy that is fail to implement.  I am sorry, but the Iraq War now has limited this type of intervention because you fools screwed up in Iraq and the inherent risk of the US bungling up another major operation is too high compared to have the benefit of what effect to Assad that it would have. 




 We need to allow property owners to fully compensated for their property.  The government is not trying to save the land for environmental reasons, but rather it trying to use the land for border protection. In those cases, the government shall compensate the owner of the land at least 50% of the assessed property's value. 




 Do these goons every understand the concept of "privacy" in international affairs?  It just seems all they snoop around in other people's business and do not allow foreign governments to act in privacy especially when their actions do not result in a national security threat to the US. 




 When I was working the government, they did not state that you needed take a drug test and that was DOD about eleven years ago.  However, I am not sure whether your organization would drug test as part of that individual organization's policy for drug testing.  However,  a public trust clearance does ask you whether you used dope within the last seven years as part of the questionnaire.  You could always and get away with it, but part of the reason that they put you through the background check is to verify your honesty. 




 Amazon Goddess! 




 She looks like pure white trash, but hot white trash. 




 IT just seems a scapegoat in order to really distract people from criticising the government and lead an uprising against Putin. 




 He must be high on some kind of drug. Only addicts do stupid stuff like that. 




 Are you single WO boyfriend? 




 The high-speed train to nowhere. 




 This is complete BS, Obama! 




 More example of the imperial police state. 




 There are plenty ways to learn how to hustle.  You just have to have the willingness to do so.

Hustling in this case means hustlings to get a job in your profession which means you try to sell yourself to other people within your profession even if it is technical field.

I do not hustle for jobs because I am a little bit fearful, too hesistant and I got to deal with my recovery as well.  In addition, I have to rely on the bus system (which is fairly reliable where I live, but takes a long time to get around on).  I am starting to realize that I have to hustle for a job, but I have to break my fear and willin 




 Nope.  Still like Hotel California 




 At least, you in a country with socialized medicine and country that cares of its people better than this country does. 




 Most Gulliable. 




 Drug Dealing 




 That is funny.  Most of the religious people that are still very religious in my life tend to be quite moderate to moderate conservative in their religious practices.  They might have some political beliefs that  I cannot stand, but in most part, I do not know that any of my friends are real social ultraconservatives that are portrayed in progressive websites. 




 Getting a damn job in my field, no matter how low the pay is and getting off unemployment.  That would be the best thing.   




 Telemarketers  




 Drunk Driving. Many times. 




 You Cannot Do That on Television on Nickelodon, Thundercats, and Looney Toons (lots and lots of Looney Toons) 




 It comes from the AP. 




 how this is spam?
 




 That is a violation of free speech. 




 Repeal Truth In Sentencing laws and bring back parole for first-time violent offenders.  That is one way to reduce prison population.

Bring back federal parole for drug offenders and non-violent offenders.  




 That I have autism and that I need to learn how to manage my disablility and to avoid alcohol for the rest of the life. 




 I guess that I need to start to keep an open-mind to conservative principles.
 




 What ever happened to division called internal affairs?
 




 Rat bastards! 




 Personally, I knew people who in my social network who spew anti-Obama stuff, but I personally are wonderful and very nice people.  A lot of Christians that I know are very spiritual and really love God with all of their hearts.

I think that the media poisons the debate and makes charactures out of both liberals and conservatives.  Unless you know people personally really well that hold those views, sometimes the sterotype persists especially when you spend all of our time hanging out with one type of people.

People follow the echo chamber so much (including myself) and do not realize that reality is far different than the echo chamber that exists on the left.  Not all of right-wing and left-wing talk hosts reflect the craziness.  There is a lot of thoughtful conservative talk radio hosts (like Michael Medev) or Thom Hartmann who is a liberal talk show host.  I think Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes are very thoughful people as well. 

Not everybody that you hear on the radio is bombastic, but the people are the bombastic tend to drive the highest ratings and advertising dollars.  The funny is that the most crazy guy on the left, Mike Malloy, gets rejected even though Mike Malloy is often right.
 




 I do not understand why people learn to calm down and not have resentment.  As a member of UU, I might disagree with the FRC policies, but the people of the FRC are people with families and love our country.  We have radically different views over the abortion and other policy views, but we should never disrepect one another.  . 




 How backwards do these people get?  




 Okay, let's return to the day of purtians. 




 Do these guys realize that endless war is what led to the Sequester because they blew up the defense base budget by spending on wasteful wars? 




 The first step is drop possesion of all major drugs that is under 10 grams to a simple mismedmeanor from a felony. 




 She was very rude and disruptive.  Personally, I agree with Code Pink stands, but I disagree with their tactics which I find quite annoying. 




 Why do you have to judge somebody just because the person like booze? Not everybody that loves to drink has a problem with booze.  Instead, AA tells us that we should not judge people on whether they want to drink or not. 




 This belong in -news seciton. 




 If I were a judge, I would throw out the case and state it was excessive sentencing because the offender did not engage in the production of child porn.  Since the counts only involved the viewing of child pornography without any prior offenses, the sentence is unjustfied and the person needs to be sentenced to a term of years not to exceed 20 years and subject to lifetime supervision as a sex offender. 




 He should be jailed 25 to Life for his crime. 




 The Supreme Leader just wants a stooge to be in power and he cannot tolerate any dissent even it was from a fellow conservative zealot. 




 Well, flooding the market with inflated money will have its consequences.  Bernarke did it at moderate pace and therefore, we have not seen the effects of the tidal wave yet, but Japan might reap the consequences of excessive liquidity in the market. 




 What happened to hope and change.  Instead, this administration is bent on increasing the power of executive government that is similar to the Bush administration. 




 Just give them weapons and stay out of conflict. 




 In the US, that could get you a life sentence. That is very generous sentence considering how many people that he killed. 




 Why is adultery is still a crime? 




 These are the same people who try to pass a law that it made it easier to increase the influence of religion over the government. 




 If the victims want truth-in-sentencing, develop a state sentencing commission and then create significantly lower sentences for all crimes except for child rape, aggravated forcible rape, and first-degree murder.  Offenders would only get 15%-25% off their sentences and  victims would know exactly how long the offender is serving in prison without seeing a huge increase in overcrowding because stiff sentencing requirements.  In addition, people that commit serious violent habitual felonies more than two times are locked on life sentence without parole subject to governor's ability to commute the sentence to a terms of years if the prisoner shows extraordinary merit and rehabilitation of mind,body, and soul 




 There is needs to be a state-wide law prohibiting cities from shutting down dispensaries.  Until the state creates mandatory requirements from each city in terms of regulating dispensaries, this issue will keeping going on.  It comes to unfounded fear about crime and illegal activity.  Cops should stop raiding marijuana facilties and instead of spending time trying to bust people who drive stoned.  The fact is that you should right to smoke unless you get behind a wheel and cause an accident.  Driving while impaired is far bigger problem than people just trying to smoke to relieve some tension or pain in their body. 




 Read more  at http://www.dailypilot.com/news/tn-dpt-me-0519-fatal-crash-20130518,0,5383089.story.  It was a fatal crash. 




 The OC/LBC area.  The only problem is that housing costs are real expensive. Otherwise, OC is far more cleaner than LA and has plenty of good shopping centers (especially Fashion Island and South Coast Plaza) . Plus the best beaches in Socal.   The only other downside of OC is that a lot of people are snobs and quite conservative in politics.  




 Don't live there any more. 




 Stupid GOP problems in South County. 




 What a nutbag! 




 Good, he is a very evil man who undermines the entire pro-choice movement.  I hope they nail his ass and give him the needle. 




 Wasting resources on issues that do not exist.  They should have tax cheats that dodge tax loopholes than groups devoted to free speech. 




 Isn't that enough to give him life and end the case. 




 If you make more than the President, there is something wrong with this issue  




 This obviously is turning into a political witch hunt. 




 Because it dilutes talent and we get perennial losers teams that have no talent.   




 More Austerity measures? Isn't the track record that austerity does not have any positive short term effects 




 If she wants to continue in rehab, she should be taking Tanex which is alternative to adderall.  Believe me I was hooked on adderall for years, but I went on Tanex and no longer was hooked.  All rehabs and sober living approve that drug and does provide a mild buzz especially at 2MG and 3MG. 




 Nice bong. 




 Why should they even care?  If they are covered and shielded their nudity away from the bible-thumpers, they should not care.  The reality is that people need to get over trying to impose their morality on external forces that they do not control or have no harm to. 




 Well, than she should just commit suicide her in cell if that how is she feels about life because I would not give her the death penalty.  I give her as they state in West Virginia law "life without mercy".
 




 The best way to get hold of the EDD is to e-mail them.  I got a response back within one to three days of e-mailing the EDD.

(https://askedd.edd.ca.gov/asp/frmEDDCOMM.aspx)
 




 Just classify marijuana as a Schedule 2 drug like Adderall. Than, the government can tightly regulate the proper use of the drug and prevent sham prescriptions. 




 Try the wanted section on Craigslist or the barter section.  You might some people that would like to give away some rocks or willing to barter something in exchange. 




 Try to meetup.com to meet people.  There is a lot of different groups that do stuff and a good way to meet friends. 




 That is why we need more active, regulatory regime that provides the flexibility to employers, but also cracks down on those who break the rules. Right now, we have neither one of these things. 




 Not all people believe in big government. He should said to people beware of those who make false statements or believe in conspiracy theories.

 




 That was a good laugh. 




 I rely on my intellect to try to believe in God.  So far it has not worked well and my intellect tells me that God might not exist. 




 I do not support freeloaders who take public transportation.  The reality is that the public transit system needs it revenue and it is not a "free" ride. 




 Believe me. I was in jail last week and we had five suspects come in last week that ended up in the drunk tank.  They do enforce those drunk checkpoints 




 Schools First is a very good one. 




 The weather is cooling down significantly. By tommorow, it will be cloudy and the weather should aid in stopping the fire. 




 This guy was my DUI class back in July 2012. Trippy! 




 There is still the local news and OC Weekly to rely on the news, and KPCC  
























 I am sorry, but bird is not worth a US Senate Seat or devoting that much land to it. 




 You are cute! Don't let people ruin your self-esteem like that. 




 I watch the entire story on the local TV news and the guy who filmed the beating stated that cop clearly used excessive force. 




 I think the local DA needs to charge the guy with Assault with Deadly Weapon (his hands) just to show to Cops that they cannot use excessive force.  




 Are they trying to set up a defense for "Not Guilty Due to Insanity" or trying to getting a mitigating circumstance to prevent the prosecutors from using the death penalty

Or is this case to charge her with involuntary manslaugher and get a twelve year jail term instead of life without parole.  Even if they reduced to second degree murder, she would still have to do 45 to life on the term. 




 I wonder if that person helped the NSA with some its nefarious activities. 




 I just find that sentenced to be a little stiff for my tastes.  He would have to produce a lot of images like (400-1000) to get that many years.  He should have gone 25 years instead which is still a stiff sentence but more in align with the crime. 




 It is their problem. Our social welfare system cannot handle them. 




 Why would we ever want to vote on that dreaded bill again. 




 The only way that I state "Yes" to this is that Fox News misinforms a large percentage of people on bad policy when it comes to environmental policy.  Since a large percentage of the Fox News viewer is misinformed on environmental policy, Republican politicians do not get significant pressure from their constituency to change environmental policy 




 What were the results? 




 Personally, I do not see it as offensive.  Only when the "God" means the God of fundamentalists do I cringe. 




 She is just like any othe ex-politico making money.  There is a huge market because everybody wants to know her opinion and analysis on things and therefore, she can command that type of dollars. Look at Clinton, Newt, Condi, or even the sociopath Cheney and they get big bucks for making speeches.  And Obama? He will get ton of money when he leaves office. 




 So is the GOP going to use this a fodder for blaming the Obama administration for making thee economy worse than it actually is 




 The real question is that removing money is going to desired effects that liberals want which is a more progressive government. Or is it really going not to have any effect because the wealthy and powerful will find other ways to influence government without using direct campaign donations. 




 Totally agreed, this is a travesty of justice especially knowing that she was a raised a Christian.   




 What BS is that? 




 True Libertarians are Ron Paul or Gary Johnson.  Note: They do not believe that LGBT people should be stoned. 




 Wing nuts at their best! 




 ISIS is going to turn Iraq into a Islamic theocracy. There is nothing that the US could do or should do except stay out of the conflict. 




 Spend time tripping on the net. 




 Well, that has been on a lot of National Enqurier posts. 




 Don't these people remember  the Status of Force Agreements.
 




 This stuff makes me gnash with me because it could be me.  Drinking and driving is the one of the reasons why I have to practice my recovery program harder or else I will be that driver. 




 I have not believed a single word of the IRS scandal.  However, this makes me suspicious.  Documents just do not "missing" unless there is something to hid.  The Obama administration should provide these documents so they shut up the GOP.  However, it seems the opposite thing is happening and so maybe there is more than meet the eye on this issue. 




 There is a really good place off Harbor and Banner that offers $7 hair cuts that are real good and cheap. 




 It was good to meet your group. Perhaps, I will stop by the next time to play some bocce today. 




 Is that a little bit of a cheap shot? 




 She is full of the bling, bling. 




 Now, the real question is how much that 12 cent hamburger is worth today.  In today's dollars, would be worth $1.72 or $6.00. 




 This sounds giving out a free lunch.
 




 Good video. 




 That is Japan is much more densely populated than the US. Yes, California has areas that extremely high density but there is huge distances of very sporadicaly populated where building a train would be inefficient. 




 Just end halt the railroad.  It is money pit headed towards nowhere. High speed rail works far better on the east coast. 




 Mile Square Park would have better location for those people who live in Central OC/North OC. (The 37, 35, 72, 66, and 70 run more frequently than the 87 and 90 does). 




 That area has terrible bus service.  The bus does run there but it only runs like every 80 minutes for both the 87 and 90. 




 Great, just what we need another military ramp up. 




 It is okay, but not really epic. I do not understand why his videos get a billion hits. 




 Your tits are rock hard! We love them! 




 Turn to my programs of recovery to deal with the pain of hitting rock bottom.  I also had my friends help me through the pain of hitting of rock bottom.   




 No pants rules! 




 It is conservative website.  What do you expect? 




 Yes, it happened yesterday.  It sucked. 




 Boko Haram is just pure evil.  They are even worse than Al-Queda.  Even Al-Quaeda does not do stuff like this. 




 Where is the gallow when you need it?  This guy is a poster boy for capital punishment. 




 Have autism and just not interested.
 




 Blame Citizens United for this one  




 Do people actually believe this stuff? 




 There needs to be a serious rewrite of rules regarding the application of use of force by police officers.  Any unauthorized use of force beyond that the proper rules of engagement can result in felony prosecution.  Once you get start jailing cops on mass for excessive force, than you will see these type of incidents.

If I were a prosecutor, I would have zero tolerance for this behavior especially if there is no real or perceived threat engaged by the officer.  The officer should be charged with misdemeanor assault.  He should not lose his job, but he will have a misdemeanor on his record for assault. 




 What about the concept of separation of Church and State. 




 beauty. 




 There is no such connection.  The guy is not even Christian at all.  There is a lot of patriarchal religions other than Christianity where the male is supposed to be the dominant head of the family.  This exists in almost of all traditional society where gender equality has started to be occur in the recent eras.   




 Maybe we should learn not to trust Iran ever, but to exercise extreme professional skepticism about Iran.  War is not option, but skilled, skeptical diplomacy is the key. 




 Why would people want that creep to represent them? Or maybe, he is a such creep that he makes $$$ on bad lawsuits.   




 You never really predict or you can prevent these events.  These are people are pure psychopaths and evil and this stuff cannot happen.  The only thing that you can really do is ban all firearms, but how much with this actually prevent these massive casualties.  




 The US fails to calculate the human cost of its military inventions and other indirect intervention.  If an external cost was placed on the cost estimate for each foreign incursion, the US would find out that its budgets are too high and would scale back on foreign intervention.  




 It will be impossible to get to 350 PPM at the current state of politics.  With the EU going to the far right and the US trapped with a far right House of Representatives, there is a little hope of ever getting to 350 PPM. 




 It should be should job of muckracking reporters like Glen Greenwald to tell the truth
 There is too much institutional paranoia and turf-fighting that prevents more open disclosure of state secrets that no longer should be state secrets. 




 Abbott=Dumb. 




 The British NHS and the VA model is not the way to go. 




 Neat 




 The real solution is provide better individual training to job counselors,  




 In my job market, I am beginning to partially "give up" my job search.  There is enough work at my local Labor Ready to get at least 32-40 hours a work.  Yes, it is grunt work, but at least there is work.

Most of the problem with people "giving up" exist in small labor markets with limited job opportunities in very limited jobs.  There is only so many grunt jobs/minimum wage jobs to go around.

The flaw in the Republican thinking about not extending benefits is to understand the job markets where there is abundance of low-wage jobs that are easy to get and job markets where there is limited low-wage jobs and there is huge competition for those jobs.

The other issue is that most one-stops center job counselors lack the proper training to teach job-searchers proper job search strategy.  Most of people need to taught how to network outside their comfort zone and how to develop large contacts of people.  The one-stop center really lack the in-depth training to use these resources. 




 Great freestyling there! 




 It was too high. It should be about $12.00 an hour which is much more reasonable minimum wage given the country's cost of living. 




 Awesome! 




 Beautiful! 




 Dumb, but kinda funny. I have seen a lot worse than this  




 Be on Reddit of course 




 How about cutting some dollars from the prison budget and bring parole to all offenders unless they commit a serious sexual offense or first degree murder.   




 Tax credits are big wasted of money is a lot of circumstances. 




 Right-Wing Bigots. 




 Rich assholes. 




 Seems like fodder for the NDP in upcoming elections.  Maybe Steven Harper's policies are actually showing signs of faltering. 




 I wonder what this guy is going to do to his prison cellie if he talks too much.   




 I better this a lot of people who are going to miss get high with that amount of dope. 




 There is incredibly stupid idea in California because people drive ridiculous commutes just to work for a job.  Not everybody has the ability to pick up where they live and relocate within five miles of their job.

I can do that especially in an area of abundance of recovery homes until I find a room to rent.  Not everybody can relocate very quickly and very fast.  And a lot of people do not want to move away from their families and friends just to live near where they work just to avoid to paying a tax. 




 Like deregulation and lowering tax rates is going to improving things.  That might increase corporate funds, but it will funnel either back to repurchasing stock or issuing more dividends to stockholders. 




 The real issues are not Benghazi, the IRS, or the Fast and the Furious. It is really the drone issue which is the real travesty of justice committed by the Obama administration. 




 People that habitual drunk driving laws should be subject to felony convictions if they commit at least four drunk driving charges in ten years.  Once they get more than four DUIs in ten year, each subsequent DUI is a felony.  Eventually, the subject offenders will get nailed by the habitual offender laws in their states and will face stiff jail time (like 15+ years in jail for DUI).  If a person commits habitual DUIs over a long period of time, but does not commit four in a ten year window, should not subject to be a felony law. 




 Like 1991? 




 Please tell me that we need more patriarchy in this country.  That is all what these "prayer rallies" are all about.  




 This is way too long to plot to kill somebody. Doing that is just way to throw your life in a heartbeat. 




 Everytime that I have to read one of these stories is less one reason for to drink again.  Just reading these stories is enough for me not to drink again. 




 Why this guy only doing 12 years on a murder charge. The guy should eventually get out, but not until doing at least 25-35 years in jail. 




 Maybe, it is time to quit. 




 Maybe, we should actually investigate as preventive issue. I think the Republicans should stop looking at the past so much and focus on more what can be done to improve border security.  The blame game with Benghazi should be over by now because the scandal is two years old and any future effort should be focus on improving diplomatic security in the future and any further investigation into Benghazi should be going forwrd. 




 This is absolutely horrible. I would give the guy 22 years for this. 




 They are moving to be closer to their manufacturing facilities in the South .  This is very similar when Boeing moved to Chicago to be closer to the defense manufacturing facilities in St. Louis and also be closer to DC for lobbying purposes. Northrop Grumman did the same thing in Southern California. 

Taxes are a secondary reason for the move.  It is a just a secondary benefit to the problem. 




 The problem is that places like Texas encourage America to have a run for the bottom.  People like Rick Perry do not even realize that they are allowing the corporate vampires to create a race to the bottom by making all of these business go to places where they score cheaper labor and bad regulations instead of making their regulations similar to California. However, they are so dumb and beholden to the dollar, that they do not realize that they are not helping the their own citizens. 




 How is Robocop is going to more efficient at catching the bad guys than humans are? 




 Has anybody look at the old tests that they give eighth grades back in 1912? I bet your average twelfth graders could not even pass that. 




 The stupid library and the Anaheim Work Center all use Internet Explorer. It is the government that likes to use Internet Explorer. 




 A easy Hilary Clinton blowout for sure.
 




 That is so sad, but some people just lack the coping skills to handle surprise rejection. 




 Maybe Christie is finally going to jail. 




 I went to treatment and built a strong support network. I also moved to a sober living. My story is a little bit complicated because of several major relapses and two duis. But I finally got year clean. Also, do not hang out friends who chronically smoke weed and stay way from friends who recreationally smoke until you got one year clean and are not triggered in any form by people who smoke on front of you.  




 Or better yet, pass out on the floor. 




 Throw up. 




 Since I am in recovery, I can relocated very easily and very quickly. 




 The cost of living is very high in LA and it has hard to find a place to live quickly unless you are in recovery.  The best way is to fake that you are in recovery and you will find it a lot faster to find housing cheaply. When you are in recovery, it is very easy to find cheap places to live that offer weekly rentals compared to living in a hotel that will be very expensive and unaffordable at that wage. 




 Unless the job is a job that is going to give a foothold into a industry (such as entertainment) that is around in Southern California or the employer will have a lot of contacts for future employment in that industry, I would say no. 




 Jail them for life without parole.  They are bunch of real creeps that need locked in the SHU and left to rot there for the rest of their life. 




 Please? Do not come here.  You are not welcomed. 




 American States Utitilies is a company to look at. 




 I think it is overgeneralization. However, some of those guys are linked to fringe right-wing sights, not your are typical wise-use supporters like Bundy is.  They are not terrorists, but rather people that are sketchy and unbalanced.

The other people just believe in the rights of landowners over the rights of the federal government.  In reality, this is over very different interpretations of the constitution and not people who are considered to be domestic terrorists.  




 In some places, it might. It might also inspire some gun nuts to accidentely kill somebody.

Concealed-carry laws should require strict background checks and risk assessments for the reason for having them.  There is needs to be a good, justifiable reason why you should the right to carry loaded gun in public concealed. 




 So the local news is going to replace the paper.  Who is going to report on the local news once the OC Register.  There is no local cable news network that dedicates itself to local coverage.

 




 Why would anybody vote that bill? 




 The answer to that question is "No" although I prefer him to Chris Christie or Ted Cruz. Rand Paul is better candidate than Ted Cruz/Chris Christie, but I think that he would dismantle too many government programs. 




 Try to post the link to City-Data which is another forum that deals area-specific issues.  Topix is another but that site is loaded with right-wing nutjobs . 




 Yes, that sounds pretty fishy to me.  Have you checked a premium support calculator yet? 




 So is going to work at place like Labor Ready a good idea for the long-term unemployed at this point even though they are very highly-skilled labor? 




 There is always LaborReady. Yes, I might do that (not because I running out of money), but I have to start working soon (at any job). 




 Orange County is doing very well economically.  Just remember to live in North OC to avoid high rent costs.  The best area is the border between Garden Grove/Westminster to avoid getting nailed on high rent costs. 




 Usually two interviews for all of the jobs that I have gotten. 




 I have never had Craigslist lied about salary, but for accounting and finance openings on Craigslist, companies are usually for real and not shady. 




 He will got some serious prison time for this.  He will least at get five years for this crime as stated in Georiga Code Section No. 16-5-70 (http://law.justia.com/codes/georgia/2010/title-16/chapter-5/article-5/16-5-70/) 




 The GOP is going to have a field day with these scandals. 




 It is all of those federal dollar is why prisoners are overclogged.  If the states did not receive all of the dollars in the 1990s, the states would have not adopted such draconian truth-in-sentencing laws.  




 I would to work in the FBI and go after corporate crooks at Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and JP Morgan.  That would be sole mission if I was in charge of FBI instead of chasing nonexistent terror threats. 




 Flipping over in my car on second DUI. Could have killed somebody and gotten 15 years to life.  That was scary. 




 Get drunk at work and drive home.  Got second DUI in three months and never drove since. 




 Nope because it based on chemicals that weave thoughts based on prior memories and things from senses. 




 The devil. 




 Why should let some foreign power control the Internet? Do really want the EU to control it? 




 Yeah, Single Payer will not happen any time soon because the GOP is going to get the Senate back in 2014.  




 I hope they do not schedule it during rush hour.  That would be insane knowing how bad the I-405 south gets.  




 Is this is a prelude to war? 




 I doubt that there is anything that the US can do. 




 Call my friend's business called Traffic Tax Services at (714) 603-2343.  For more details, please go to (http://www.trafficticketfixers.com/).

He advertises a 90% success rate, but I am not sure that if it accurate. Still, the method that he uses will significantly reduce the chance of getting conviction.. (Note: This business is legit). 




 Cashiers. 




 What an ass. 




 Great! This sounds like a flop. 




 Bitcoins are no good. 




 Another dumb move by the GOP. 




 This is where they could nail bush
"2340A. Torture

(a) Offense.Whoever outside the United States commits or attempts to commit torture shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both, and if death results to any person from conduct prohibited by this subsection, shall be punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life.

(b) Jurisdiction.There is jurisdiction over the activity prohibited in subsection (a) if

(1) the alleged offender is a national of the United States; or

(2) the alleged offender is present in the United States, irrespective of the nationality of the victim or alleged offender.

(c) Conspiracy.A person who conspires to commit an offense under this section shall be subject to the same penalties (other than the penalty of death) as the penalties prescribed for the offense, the commission of which was the object of the conspiracy."
 




 2 DUIs in a year.  Top that. 




 My mom. 




 Yeah, but the Supreme Court would block such lawsuits. 




 Hmm. I had little issue with Kaiser plans at all. 




 Getting my second DUI. 




 This shows how weak the DUI laws are in that state.  She should get at least five years in prison. 




 Maybe, they regrwted that they did vote for Hilliary in the 2008 primaries. 




 The Harbor bus on the weekends can be bad. I remember going to Target one day and there was no bus for 40 minutes on the Northbound route. So I eventually took the Southbound route to the Walmart

The 56 was nailed me a couple of times but mainly due to construction delays that has nailed me with two job interviews. 




 He is an idiot.  Complete bungler. 




 US progressives need to understand the limits of what state intervention in the economy is.  Currently, there is too little regulation and state intervention in the US, but this country shows what too much overreach does. 




 This is just like Sochi. It is massive waste of public finances on facility that will have little long-term return on capital. 




 As much that I despied Morsei regime, this is totally bad tactics by the Egyptian government.  A better alternative by the military-backed government was to let Morsi go into exile into another country (aka: UAE or Saudi Arabia) 




 Cooper Fellowship has some rooms, but you need to be in  recovery and they have mandatory meeting requirements.  In addition, you have to share a room with somebody else. 




 He never get the death penalty. California is going to real hard time to getting a death penalty procedure past the Ninth Circuit and with the drug shortage, it will be even harder to get the proper drugs even if they did all of the death penalty procedures correctly. 




 This shows the effect of the insanity of being drunk. 




 dumbass. 




 Why do we want to have guns on post office ground, but refuse to extend unemployment insurance? What gives you right to bring a stupid gun into a post office? You are not hunting anything or you are not imminent danger of getting shto. 




 Yeah, I had a similar story. I lost my glasses in my own room. Could not find them.  Roommate finds the room in an area that I would not even consider looking for in my bedroom. 




 Maybe, the economy actually headed towards another downturn. 




 Those guy are psycho! Whole life term for those fools. 




 It seems that austerity never leads to any solution. 




 Hike gasoline to $8.00 a gallon in the US and you start to see some major changes.  The only to cut emission to stick it to people in their pocketbooks. 




 I lost several accounting jobs because I have had a serious case of ADHD. I just beginning to realize that my main problem is not ADHD, but the selection of music that I listen to.  I have to listen minimal or ambient music to have insane concentration.  I have the correct medication regiment, but I cannot function in perfectly silent background.  I guess ambient music has the correct connection to my brain.  




 I totally agree. 




 Is that a first world problem? 




 Why should they waste time with that? 




 What about in California? 




 Damn Brits! 




 Move it to a Schedule II drug. 




 He has the same approval ratings of Congress. 




 When will the India do something culture of male aggressiveness that promote thus behavior in the first place. 




 Consequences of a tax code gone insane. 




 It is because she was hot mama that it cost so much money If it was a dude, he would be a death row in a heart beat. 




 Why would I?  With the GOP, nothing is going get done. Obama is done and finished now. 




 Beautiful shot. 




 Where did you get that piece of proganda? The American Family Association or The Family Research Council. 




 He is a crook. 




 What a bunch of savages! They should be locked for a term not exceeding 50 years. 




 When I was 12. 




 Taking my pills. 




 bored at home. 




 This guy is a nut. 




 Well, that is the cost when you get duped by Goldman Sachs and you cannot collect your taxes properly. 




 Maybe they need join the fellowship Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob. 




 What is their fear?   




 This guy needs to wait ten years without commit another sex offense or felony (except for minor drug possession and pass a psychological evaluation before he can clear to practice the bar. 




 Having two DUIs. 




 They should have kept the major routes in central and North OC running until 2:30 AM such as the 53, 60, 43, 57, 50, 42, 29, 91, 1, 89, 47, 64, 54. 




 Yeah, that is why I did not go to my friends party last night. 




 The only way to end the problem is the enacting the Sherman Anti-Trust Act and tax, tax, and more tax until the corporate are banks are broken into dozens and dozens of regional and local banks that invest directly into the local and regional economies.  Our regulators are afraid of enacting a massive Sherman Anti-Trust act against the banks to break them up into dozens and dozens of large regional and local banks that are force to compete against each other instead of engaging in massive collusion.  This is the real free-market capitalism and not crony monopoly capitalism. 




 A UFO? 




 Because it upsets the balance sheets of his crony capitalist supporters.  Climate change is real and the right denies like a drug addiction because it undermines their entire political philosophy. 




 He never made reached his "potential" on the Lakers. How is another teaming going to use this guys abilities. 




 He is a punk. 




 Construction jobs. 




 I have been to Burning Man five times. 




 At my college. 
























 We are sad country indeed. 




 A win for the train to nowehere. 




 I love that outfit on your cat. 




 Yummy!
 




 Why we do need more red light camers infringing our civil liberties. 




 While we do not have a lot of jazz venues, Steamers is an excellent jazz club venue that gets a quality-acts.

 




 Bad move for the Dodgers, Good move for the Padres. 




 Why we should care?  The agency should be defunded anyways. 




 Giving up South means that you are giving up favorable demographic trends that going your way.  

Changing the minds of white Southern voters will be hard, but it can be done if you run a socially conservative, but a person who supports the economic views of Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren could win down there.  Pick up the black and hispanic vote and you have winner.  

In reality, a conservative Christian who properly follows the views of Christ teachings (in my opinion) would be socially conservative on abortion and other issues, but side with Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders on economic issues. Bascially, that is what the current Pope Francis's view. 




 Not me.  Sanders or Warren who are the people that I will vote for. 




 It shows that they want a cabal of rich people to run the country. 




 That is what happened in those sneaky omnibus billa. 




 One group of people vanish from Existence right now would be the Koch Brothers. 




 The facts of the story demonstrate that the man is mentally disable.  The problem is the law where the bar is set too high claiming mental disablity.  The death penalty should be reserved for cold-blooded killers not for mentally

Governors have a fear to commute sentences because they fear a conservative, bloodthirsty electorate.  Instead of fearing the conservative electorate, do what is right and commute the sentence. Or better yet, commute all of the sentences on death row if you cannot trust the courts to do its job.

The death penalty works when the bar is set high for the death penalty and there are more commutations than executions.  And then real cold blooded killers who deserve will get what they deserve.  




 If you really interested in getting involve, please go to http::// ocprogressiveevents.info

There is a progressive community out there.  You just need to go that website. 




 I need to warn my roommate about your plight.  He thinks that he is going to have it easy when he graduates from RN schools.  He should be cautious that the market will not be so smooth sailing. 




 I have same the problem, but I normally move my eyes back and fore to stim myself. Another method is that I randomly surf the internet to deal with thensions 




 Well, it will be interesting to see what Chris Christie does now that he no has to worry about be tarnished by Bridgegate.   




 But you have to weigh the consequences of drinking.  Drinking can leave to DUI and possible jail time. 




 Please spare us. It just way to spike ratings. 




 Do these people care about the health of other people? At the expense of violation of some "strict interpretation" of the constitution.  Then, where were these people when Citizens United was passed.

Lets get honest here.  You are only "strict constitiutionalist" unless it meets  




 I always wear a conservative combination of a polo shirt and dress pants.  I also clean shaven and get my haircut monthly in a #2 cut.

I could careless about label, but I am interested in looking, neat, and presentable whereever I go.  My circle of friends could careless about labels, but also cares that you do not dress as a slob.

Being trendy is too hard for somebody with autism unless you keep up styles.  If you were really want to really learn about style, go to /r/ malefashionadvice or make check it out GQ or Esquire on a weekly basis for male fashion trends.  




 The best way is to get a psychologist trained in autism that is experience with autism and to set up a conference with the employer to discuss reasonable accommodations in the workplace.

The other way is to enter a job training program especially suited for Asperger's.  They are very, very hard to find. I am in one but only because my parents knew somebody and you have to live in the Orange County, CA to be in it. 




 Dude, it is a called a "crush".  NTs have them all of the time. That is completely normal. 




 Yeah, then Alec should be stopped at all costs.  




 The culture that failed to prosescute torture is the same culture that fail to prosecute banks and police officers.  That is why BUsh and Cheney should have prosecuted because the Obama administration would have the courage to prosecute the corrupt police 

Real justice would have been
Dick Cheney = Life Sentence Without Parole
George Bush = 25 years + 3 years post-release supervision

Then we could have gone Lloyd Bankfield, Vikram Pandit, and James Dimon for banking fraud with terms of years between twenty to fourty year plus five years of post-release supervision.
 




 Go away Landrieu! Lets elect a real democrat to replace them. 




 A lot of people call him a racial huckster. 




 My old AA sponsor told me this is worth going to.  Highly worth it. 




 One way that I learn on my own is by animals.  Having a animal like a dog and showing it constant love and affection is a good way to train yourself on how to show love and affection to the opposite sex especially hugging, touching, and cuddling. I still have a real hard time showing sexual assertiveness  




 I had the same trouble.  I had a psychologist who gave me advice but I never engage in his advice because my Aspie stubbornness made me more interest in my web surfing than watching TV and reading books that would help increase my understanding of NT emotions. 




 Which I do not understand from the GOP.  The GOP could fully fund their tax cuts by zapping defense budget if lower taxation is their primary goal over balanced budget. (Note: You cannot have both). 




 No, the ghetto of the OC is 

1. The apartments on Standard St in Santa Ana
2.  The area near Beach and Ball
3. Certain neighborhoods near between Bristol/17th and Bristol/1st.

This is based on personal experience. I do not know all of the neighborhoods of Santa Ana and Anaheim.  But those areas I have been where it get skecthy late at night
 And No, Lake Forest is not a ghetto  




 He is nuts! 




 Boo! 




 I think so if it is on a Sunday.   




 This one of the few reasons for supporting the Keystone XL pipeline.  But the pipeline should not be built anyways because it involves that the tar sands oil which pollute the environment. 




 I think Texas should be told that the death penalty should be banned.  While I like the speed that they get guilty executed, there are too many cases where 

If the governor had an active history of commuting/pardoning death sentences, then I would have agree with Texas approach.

I support the death penalty but I also aware that they are many cases that where innocence does occur.  If I were a politician, I would have no problem commuting death sentences.  In my state (California), they are too slow to execute the guilty so victims get no justice waiting for a death sentence.  I think California should just scrap death penalty and make it life without parole.  

If state has too much of history of executing innocent or mentally ill inmates, then its death penalty should be scrapped. In conclusion, I have no problem executing the guilty, but I also have a real problem with executing the mentally ill or innocent. Too many Southern governors are the type who inject the needle and ask questions later.  Also, lethal injections take longer execute people than short-drop hanging in Iran so maybe we should just scrap the whole concept of the death penalty in the first place. 




 What is the point of using cursive except for signing documents. 




 Well, then why not bring back Adrian Peterson then? 




 Knowing this guy, it is a bunch of BS. I just do not trust him. 




 That is why we should fight these guys.  We did so in Bosnia or Kosovo.  




 How about offering a class in personal finance?  I bet better financial literacy would helped people made better economic decisions. 




 That is too big of an ass for my tastes. 




 Being endless twelve-step meetings has taught to be vulnerable without losing confidence in oneself.  The idea is that learning that you have character flaws like everybody else and it is okay to admit your problems as long you intend to work on yourself.  Every great leader has vulnerabilities.  Look at the bible.  Every biblical figure has great spiritual traits but also fatal flaws.  Look at David and Solomon.  They were never perfect.
 




 Then why should trust our companies ability to fight war.  The political class seems has to lost sight of this. 




 The real systemic problem is that police procedures are written to allow this to happen.  The jury has too much discretion in determining whether there was allowable use of force.  The officer has too much discretion allowing him to do this.  The rules need to be tightened to narrow officers ability for using of lethal force.  Violations of the law can result in criminal prosecution for involuntary manslaughter.  The activist class cries for justice, but does not look at the real reason which is the lax police procedures for use of force in this case. 

If the grand jury testimony is to believe, the officer should use had use a nightstick, pepper spray, or better yet, a tazer.  I have watched a bunch of episodes of COPS and the officers on this show (who are well trained) would use the taser.  If this guy had a taser and did not use it, than I would vote him guilty for involuntary manslaughter.  Unfortunate, none of the stories that i read this morning failed to mention that. 




 1.  This is because big business lacks the internal controls to properly self-monitor itself and needs detail guidance from the government on how to do so.
2.  Government provides too much regulation to business instead of just saying "no" to a business practice and not permitting that practice in the first place.  Just saying "no" might be cheaper to a business than 'Yes can do this, but there is billion of rules to follow".  Maybe, business would rather have the practice outright banned and not paying the money to comply with regulation that allows them to engage in the practice but have all kinds of hoops to jump through in order to engage in the allowed pratice. 




 This is what you get from the GOP.  Care about big tax breaks for billionaries and try to create a cult of worship around the CEO and big business.   

What we need to realize in society that there needs to arms-length distance between government and big business.  Big business and government need to coexist, but need to be independent from each other because it is job of big business to create the consumer and industrial goods for this country and it is job of the government to regulate the excesses of capitalism.  It seems that our country seems have to lost the properly distinguish the difference between the two. 




 I am not a big fan of the ARTIC. 




 Probably a deeply misunderstood individual. Still, I do not think this individual made his remarks in the proper context and the GOP cannot afford to have individuals who do not properly understand the cultural context of their remarks in leadership positions 




 I guess the US is being cut out now.   




 The GOP wants do nothing on this issue and they are take down the entire economy at the expense on making some guys wealthy in the short-term.  What a bunch of schmucks. 




 Benghazi was a just a conspiracy used to drive GOP turnout at the polls and making the Republicans have avoiding their views on the real issues. 




 Because it takes the pressure off Assad and prevents his regime from being overthrown. 




 Jail her for life. 




 Because this is what you elect the GOP.  The NC GOP does not care about you. It only cares about big business and its wealthy donors. 




 I wonder if this their last stand. 




 Imagine ten years from now when all of these countries have to fight over resources from climate change.  There will be rivers of blood as far as the eye can see. 




 The entire Middle East is burning up right now.  I wonder if there will be some huge regional war in the near future. 




 What is this merits of this stupid lawsuit?  It shows that they have no interest in legislating.  There is a lot that could be done even with this crazy GOP Congress, but they choose to do nothing. 




 That guy seems to have "foot-in-mouth" syndrome for making such remarks. 




 Remember. It is just satire.  Matt Groening has used the Simpsons to skew all things in Americana in Burning Man. 




 He would get a life sentence in California. 15 to Life.  He should get a 16 to 24 year sentence for what he did. 




 I dialed 911 because somebody who was epileptic had a seizure in my recovery house today. It turned out that the guy had a meth pipe in his possession. Go figure this one.

The firefighters and all of the first responders came.  The guy was rushed from the hospital and most likely is going to get a long lecture from the landlord.  Then he will be given the boot.
 




 What is bs is this guy spewing? 




 30-75 years sentence for these fools. 




 Who is this chick? 




 Awesome! 




 Wow. I thought that he was one of the better GOP Southern governors.  I guess my assumptions are not true. 




 Isn't Ted Cruz is the leader of this group and the better candidate of this group than Huckabee.  There is no way that I would ever, ever give my vote to Huckabee or Cruz, but I just feel that Huckabee is just a retread. 




 This is a bogus requirement by the state.  This is a strictly faith-based organization designed for the fellowship of bible-believing Christians.  There are few student organizations that specifically cater to the spiritual needs of bible-believing, conservative Christians at a public university.  
I was a former member of InterVarsity Christian fellowship in the 90s.  Even though I am a no longer professing Christian, I still think this is a bogus requirement because I know what InterVarsity really stands for and this CSU bureaucrats have no clue what the organization's real purpose.  And it has nothing to do with politics.

Bible believing Christians are often a tiny minority on campus and often need to find place to make friends and fellowship.  I was in similar circumstances in 1996 when I attended Cal State Fullerton because I had few friends.  InterVarsity provided me place to find friends and make friends. 




 There are bogus charges that should be thrown out.  




 You got to be kidding. Even very liberal countries like Sweden and Norway have women's prison, what planet is this women on. 




 The real problem is that people just do not have money to spend because all of the wealth trickles to the top.  How you get the rid of that problem is a million dollar question because it would take a large segment of the US voting population to vote against their own prejudices and beliefs, even voting in that format would be in their best interest.  Also, it means that you would have electorate that would ignore all of the campaign ads and actually would research the issues/candidates.. 




 Would that not be the comment about Raw as well? 




 I definitely agree with him.  Students need to get engage in more voting to protect this democracy. 




 Depends on your professor's personality.  Some professor's might decide to laugh it off.  Others might cringe at it.

 




 Didn't they close this trail for a reason? Just to prevent stuff like this happening? Yet, people still disobey the law.  I am concerned about this, but they were forewarned about this in advance. 




 This has to be a joke. 




 Why do they give him 62 jails for torturing a dog? He should sent to straight to the big house. 




 Yes, you can get progressive radio on the Internet.  Download the AM 950 app on I-Phpne. It is radio station for Minnesota that streams all of the major progressive raido stations.  In addition, you can stream Thom Hartmann's show at thomhartmann.com 




 No there is this station. It is Pacifica station, that is close as progressive as you can get.
KPFT
 




 Crazy 




 Well, even though he does a help for protecting free speech online, it is still wrong to hack into computer for the purposes of personal enrichment  




 I wonder how it long it take to pay off the Iraq/Afghanistan War debt/ 200 years? 




 Well, Isn't that why we locked up Johnthan Pollard for all those years? 




 SImple solution.  Make everything go brown unless it is drought-resistant.  Go look at any street in Arizona and you do not see lavish greenbelts like you do in Southern California. The lavish greenbelts are going to have to die out.  

Southern California can support its current population as long people are willing to accept a barren landscape.
 




 Corporations are not going to increase wages until the tax system is changed to place a disincentive on certain behavior  For example, every time that corporation use cashes to purchase its shares back, it is taxed for it.

Most people do not have a fundamental understanding of economics and how government work.  We can argue whether Austrian or Keynesian economics is better.  But the average voter does not so they are vote based on feeling or not vote it.  A vote for the GOP is basically sending the message. "We are tired of Congressional Gridlock and we want the GOP the opportunity to pass its economic agenda"  However, voters should understand the economic consequences of that vote, but really do not have a clue what the economic consequences of their vote really is. 




 This is US national news.  Please put in US national news under /r/ news. 




 Sounds like a false conspiracy theory to me. 




 In the US, you would never see this happen by placing a murder in a low security prison. 




 Sad to hear that people have to resort to such desperate measures. 




 That has to be a way that Shariah law allows for human rights. Or maybe does not and the Iranian needs to get off their dependence on an ancient legal system that is old, decrepit, and does not lead true to justice to victims or defendants. 




 Thanks for the advice. 




 Sorry to hear about it, hope your brother finds it. 




 I have never been impressed with Hillary Clinton. 




 He is certainly missing out on you. 




 Such sweet dogs. 




 Funny. 




 I still think that Burqa deprive women of their rights and is mainly done for men who have very backwards views on women. 




 Dragon Warrior. 




 I thought they were supposed to be the "good cops" 




 Is he that radioactive? 




 One way you drive money away from politics is to create a special appropriation line item in the federal budget - "Funding for Federal Campaigns and Elections".  All of the money used for federal elections for both President and Congress would come from that special appropriation.  It will never happen though.
 




 I do not care how the employer can go. I want a job no matter how much the employer pays.
 




 Nice place to walk the dog. 




 You might want to seek out some advice in /r/ jobs.  




 Another dumb liberal gaffe. 




 How many days in jail that he actually spends.  Let me bet that actually means 12 days (120 days * 10% of time served).   He will probably do time in a city jail so he will actually do the sixty days.

In OC, he would do sixty days in jail whether he was in the county jail or a city jail. It is ridiculous that criminals only have to do 10% of their effective jail sentence in jail in LA County jails.  I do believe in early release parole (1/3 of the county jail sentence but you would have to voted by a county board of parole) for sentence over 90 days, but not automatic release for only serving 10% of your sentence.  




 No wonder why the Sunnis support ISIS with the Shia doing stuff like this. 




 Why should we give them right to snoop even more? The answer is no. No, you do not deserve the right to snoop more because Edward Snowden proves that you violate the civil liberties of Americans. 




 That would be a tedious job. 




 Bus running at 1AM? I guess Portland has better public transit than Orange County.  There are only four buslines that run until 1:00 AM on the OCTA. 




 War Crimes! 




 So cute! 




 That is why probably a lot of old men watch Fox News and spend a lot of time on conservative activism (at here in the US). 




 If you are in recovery or a member of a church, there is will never be a problem. 




 Bad link. 




 In my opinion, people should be waned about the consequences of not finishing their education and the amount of debt that they are placed in.  University of Phoneix are designed for people who schedule's do not permit them to attend the traditional university structure and need to get a degree in accelerated of period of time.

Also, traditional public schools are have impacted programs where it i is difficult for people to get into competitive programs due massive amount of people who want to enroll them. 

These companies are supposed to be for the student who needs a schedule where a traditional university does not meet their needs or the students who is in impacted major and needs to get the degree as quick as possible. Unless a student fits in two these categories and who has been counselled about the cost of the program, a student should not enroll in these classes.
   




 First, you got put Bush and Cheney for war crimes than Obama.  It is only fit that they go first because they created the entire mess that twe are only in.   




 I would pick Jeopardy because it the game that I do best on. 




 I saw that guy on the freeway on Sunday. 




 Fuck. I would be drinking too if I were in your boat and I was not in recovery.  Its worth a fucking drink. 




 Nice photo!
 




 $19.9 million for house in the OC. That is obscene wealth. 




 I would recommend living in Costa Mesa over by 17th Street / Newport. Lot of bars and clubs.  Nice play to live.  A lot of young people live there. 




 Accounttemps /Robert Half is the largest agency locally.  There is also Randstand, Volt, Accounting Principles, Accounting Advantage, Beacon Staffing,, and also Nelson. 




 What a tragedy! 




 It is cult of death. Off with your heads is a sacrifice to their false God of the Koran.   




 Why does LA have a problem with this. 




 We have no privacy these days, so what is else new. 




 How about cracking on all those hit and run deaths? LA seems to have a lot of them. 




 Mine is #ThereGoesMy401K. 




 A Chippendales outfit. 




 Because of we have a Constitution. 




 It should be tied to one's cost living in the particular area.  California should have $11.00 minimum wage because most of the state lives in high-cost areas. In Texas, which is lower-cost state, the cost living is much lower so the minimum wage should be $9.00.

The idea of an $15.00 minimum wage is ludicrous.  I think the real problem is that employers are too cheap in giving lower-wage workers cost of living and merit increases for time of service and high quality of performance. 




 Sentence is too high.  Should have gotten 30 years for the crime.  A person who would throw his wife off the building and plan to kill his life would have gotten 25 to life.  Premeditated murder is worse than this crime.

Unless of course this guy had two strikes, than the sentence is totally justified. 




 What is your budget like?  I went to several rehabs in the OC.  I give you a list of places but it depends on the budget. 




 I wonder if Boeing is going to screw up pricing on this like the Delta Rocket.  Google Delta IV site:bloomberg.com to find out more.
 




 What about trying to portray yourself as emotional? 




 I would state it would be easy just to set a shop at the local Starbucks and just observe the women that come in and out of the store.  I could be work of number of computer projects, writing blogs, or reading the news, and if I find a chick that meets my criteria than boom. If you find a girl that looks a particulary interesting, than maybe say something to her.  This is probably the best place for people like to meet girls because I am a recovered alcoholic (with 18 months clean)  and prefer not going to bars. 




 This is an example of the kind of tactics that turns off people towards the environmental movement. 




 I would to go to a psychologist with PHD who specializes in ADHD who have significant knowledge of medication.  After meeting with the psychologist, it will be easier to consult with the psychiatrist. 




 Long Beach Library.  They blast the air all day in there. 




 Sweet little thing. 




 I adore huskies! 




 It should be banned for moral purposes. 




 That is art and not porn. 




 This stuff just makes me angry.  Makes me want to send the killers to the gallows for stuff like this. 




 The reason why the guy got 45 years was because it was his second strike and therefore, the sentence would have been 22.5 years if he had no prior strike.

 




 What about doing at least a year in jail?  Even normal US parole rules requires offenders to do 1/3 calendar time before able to apply for parole. In some states, you have do at least 85% of the sentence.  I heard in the Netherlands, you have to 2/3 of the time. 




 Go blow it! Ted Cruz! 




 Long Beach Community College is probably your best bet on affordable housing in the area.  Alternatives would include Fullerton College or Santa Ana College. However, when attending any of three schools, you have to be very careful which neighborhood that you select.   




 These guys are so sick and repugnant.  




 Are our leaders crazy? Do we have supposed massive deficits that prevent us from entering into another foreign war? 




 Disagree,  Watch this and found why 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP1_TVbJbsk
 




 I think ISIS is more interested in expending its resources in stating a sucessful Islamic empire in the Middle East instead of trying to put a off massive 9/11 type attack.  If they do attack, it will some lone wolf inspired by ISIS to do a Boston Marathon style attack.   I would be real concern about than a real coordinated, precise effort.  There are plenty of young Islamists will to do a suicide bombing at a crowded even. And ISIS seems to be real good job of getting recruits from Western Nations and that is what we need to be where of. 




 I heard Lake Perris is a good spot. 




 Well, I know the issue. 




 Brutal crime, but still does not meet the standard of life sentence.  By Texas standards, this should have been a 30 year sentence but a not a life sentence because there was no intent to commit capital murder. 




 Should school districts be able to do this? 




 Some guy on the Route 43 told me about it and I decide to post the route for those who live in La Habra. 




 Cops going overboard. 




 Why would an atheist want to work at a faith-based organizations whose missions statement is contrary to both the LGBTQ and humanistic world view? It would be last place that I want to work except for telemarketing company. 




 That is his personality. It is better used when he was working at MSNBC and yelling George Bush and Dick Cheney for lying to us into the Iraq War.
 




 Yeah, DUIs suck. It land on the OCTA for a long time. Look at me. 




 That person should not to be twerking. 




 My lawyer friend is pretty good. Call him at 818-995-4367 and mentioned that Crisco gave you a referral . 




 Based on my experience on the churches,from first-hand accounts of my friends (I am Unitarian Universalist so my selection of churches is a lot more narrower than other people) 

1. Sanctuary- a good biblical church based on 
2. The Crossing
3. First Love
From First-Hand Experience
4. The Effect in San Juan Capistrano
5. Aliso Creek Presbyterian Church
6. Reverance Chruch 

Church Number #5. I went to for five years before turning officially agnostic/atheist
Church Number #6- I never went to this church except for one time but the pastor is an excellent teacher of scripture.

I am UU because I have issues with Christianity based on science and historical facts but not theology (I am moderate conservative Reformed Christian with progressive political/social leanings if I am a believer.).  The UU church fits my current belief system better than a Christian church so that is why I am a UU and not a Christian.


 




 My average recently is about 140-180 MB per day. 




 The easier solution: Just force $3.00 tax on gasoline (except for fuel purchased for commercial purposes) and use it fund public transit projects.  That will people off the road. 




 ISIS=Nazis. 




 It might be your social cues that you are not even aware of.  I have autism and I probably send a lot of social cues to people that I am not where of. 




 Now I find this hypocritical. At least pay your interns minimum wage.  




 Why would you like to join? 




 Not everybody does. Go read any US conservative publication (The Blaze, National Review, American Thinkers, and others) and you will find Pro-Israel stuff.  Also check out the Jerusalem Post as well. 




 Crash of 2016? 




 He did $10,000 of dental work for me.  He is a very nice dentist and good guy. 




 Dr, Ronald Takai.  Expensive. But excellent dentist. 




 The CIA needs tobee  definitely starved off resources.  It needs to do more with less. 




 I never grew out of Atheism.  I never was an atheist. I am agnostic. 




 Great Analysis!
 




 The real problem is that all these young men turn to Islam is the same reason why African-American and Latin Americans turn to ethnic-based gangs.  Both do so because there is few economic opportunties and joining a group like ISIS gives them a sense of purpose when the rest of society does not give D#W$W#$ about them. 




 DUIs do kill people. Do not drink and drive. 




 Pure beauty! 




 I could definitely have your tits rub my nice thick cock on your books and make me cum.  You are certainly worth it. 




 De La Soul is great! 




 It is time to defund the NSA and cut its budgets by 30%. 




 These are real terrorists.  If they would have the ability to attack America, they would.  They are worse than Al-Quada in my opinion.,  




 Actually, it is not bad.  I have gotten work the last two days just by unloading trucks.  The only thing that sucks that you have to be down there at 5:30 AM in the morning.   




 If you are absolutely desperate for a job, go to Labor Ready in Costa Mesa.  They will put you to work immediately once you complete their registration process.  There are also telemarkets galore in the OC, but unless sales are your thing, I would not recommend it.  I am working for Labor Ready part-time because my part time job fell though and even though I work in the mainly in administrative and accounting fields, those jobs are harder to get. 




 Greyhound all the way.  I use it to visit my friends in SD and use it whenever I have job interviews in San Diego. The MTS in San Diego is a wonderful public transit system. 




 I love to adopt her if I could.  But I just do not have the time to take care of her o space to keep herr.  I think a lot of us  feel the same way as well. 


































 My question is why do all of these people who make these remarks are GOP? 



























































 I am worried that one day that I am going to have move away from Southern California because of the massive drought that we have.  It seems that there needs to be mass migration to the North as the West drys up, the North will become habitable.  Unless we want to pay $10.00 for gasoline and ride the OCTA/Metro everywhere, I just feel real cynical that things are going to change because there is not the will to change things even this is a clearly obvious threat but nobody wants to do the self-sacrificing to change things. 



























































 What is up with Missouri's death penalty fetish right now? 











































































































































 There should be not tax cuts.  Not all. Do these guys have any idea about fiscal sanity.  Not even Greece cuts taxes when they told to engage in austerity.  

The GOP practices one part of austerity but it does not engage in the second part of austerity which is tax hikes so the state has a balanced budget. 



















 AI that mimic human expression and emption. 











































































































































 That is consider unreasonable sentence.  Should be limited to forty years. 






















































 He is stupid. 






























































































































































































































































 She is annoying. 




 good song. 




 The real problem with Nuclear power is cost control.  It is insanely expensive to build/maintain those facilities.  The other problem is the threat of nuclear leaks and the high cost of maintaince. 




 I do support twenty week abortion bans as well as long as access to abortion clinics are not limited. 




 For me, I am very conservative on the issue of pension reforms within the state governments.  I think it takes away money from social programs insteat goes to state employees. 

The second issue is the death penalty. I strongly support the death penalty, but I have a very nuanced view on it and I do support its abolition in a lot of cases, 




 I would love to run/work a doggy day care. I love dogs so much 




 Go to Succeedsocially.com and read all of the article.  Find a Meetup that meets your interests. 




 Primus. 




 The video takes place in Wichita Falls, TX 




 Mississippi. Even Alabama is better than that state. 




 This shows that Target management at that store has extremely poor business ethics.  This could be a textbook case in an organizational management case in what not to do when you fire somebody. 




 I wish that I knew about this earlier.  I will definitely do this next year. 




 Nice! 




 McDonalds does. 




 This guy is a thug pure and simple.  




 Hopefully, the DA jails them for life. 




 He looks a little bit serious in them. 




 He looks so happy. 




 Yeah, somebody had a little too much drink.  Of course, that was me in my drinking days. I always left puke where I was. 




 That was a cute picture, but you might need to improve the lighting on the picture. It was too dark to see him. 




 Good old beer is treat for a lot of people. How about a nice IPA or blond ale? That what would I have if I still drink. (I have been clean for 21 months) 




 LOL 




 Booze can create a whole subset of other problems.  




 Exercise is a huge method that I use to reduce stress.  It clears my mind and helps me deal with stress.   




 It is totally wrong because it does not respect the sexuality of the individual.  However, my main concerns that the person might have addictive tendencies that could result in codependency, lack of self-esteem, or other issues.  

Name calling somebody does not solve the person's problem.  It is talking and listening to the person's problem that would solve the problem.   




 Brush my teeth for two minutes. 




 As long as my daughter is not engaged in porn producers that are committed to respecting the sexuality of daughter and do not put her in situations where she could be sexually assaulted, I would have no problems with it. 




 By pointing out the people that God does not exist. 




 The day that I got my second arrest. 




 Why would somebody to pay to stay in jail in LA?  In OC, it makes sense because they make do some time in the county jail, but in LA, it just not make sense.   




 I stayed in one. It was $100 a day in the OC jail for 13 days. One of the guys that I locked up was serving a four year sentence for DUI manslaughter. (4 years @ 50% = 2 years time served).  That is $73000 to stay in the jail.  I have no idea where he got the money to pay for it. 




 Personally, I do not care when I post. But I considered to be a serial poster because I post mainly local news stories and articles that I come upon interesting when I do my web surf.  In my opinion, there is no "correct" time to post. 




 Pulp Fiction. 




 Ted Cruz. 




 It is a lot of easier when you are in AA and it is way of life. For me, I have 21 months coming on 24 months and it is the most important thing in my life right now.  




 Really fun movie.   




 It is probably all of the companies laying off season staff. Not a big deal. 




 Does these people even care about the public good.  People are going to start to hit the streets and have massive demonstrations weekly to deal with these guys.  

Movement politics is only way to deal with things. Hit the streets week and week out until the voting public gets the message to throw out these guys. 




 1. Iran's nuclear threat is greatly overstated by the Republicans.
2. Iran has a terrible, terrible record of human rights

The real issue with Iran is its human rights record (which we in the US really cannot lecture Iran until we take of own issues).  Further sanctions should be based on human rights issues and not tied to greatly exaggerated nuclear threat.  




 The GOP does not answer the solutions to those problems because they have zero desire to raise taxes to cut the national debt. 




 There is also the path that is along the Santa Ana River which I also run frequently. 




 If you do not mind driving to Santa Ana, Santa Ana College also has a track. 




 Fullerton College has a track, I think. 




 He is awesome. 




 Bad idea. Bad idea. Pure! 




 Too shy and do not have a stable full-time job. 





























 People who torture animals.   




 Republican ideas and philosophies. I do like a lot of people that are conservative, but I really resent their political view.  I just will not talk politics with them and everything is alright. 





























 I quit two years ago and I have almost two years of recovery.  Being a recovered alcoholic takes a lot of time and energy because you have to invest a lot of time into maintaining your recovery and make sure that you do not fall back into alcoholic behavior which is a precursor to relapse.  I go to about three to four meetings a week, participate in twelve-step service commitments, and also attend a Unitarian Universialist church to work the spiritual portion of my program.  

You can do it on willpower but if you are doing that, I would live in a sober living at least for the first year.  If you go the twelve-step route, you will a better shot of recovery as long you can accept a program of self-improvement to deal with your drinking and have some form of spirituality (which does not require a belief in God unlike a lot of people in AA will tell you).  You also should to attend some sort of rehab program (inpatient) as well.  If your insurance does not accept inpatient programs, than I will check the providers that the drug courts use for their clients because usually their rehab costs are usually 75%-85% cheaper than most inpatient programs that the insurance companies pay for.  



































































































































































































































































 That thing has been eyesore on my bus ride on OCTA Route No. 56 (which I take at least a few times a week) ever since I moved to the Santa Ana, CA in 2012.  I always wonder what the backstory on that building is and now I know. 

































































































































 That is why it is so hard to convience a Congress person to vote against a defense spending bill because it is a gravy train for local economies that depend on Defense. And I was part of the gravy train until I drank myself out of my job. 




 Defense spending is a really a jobs bill for local politicians.  Except the goods go to the military instead directly to the people. 
































































































































































































































































































































































































 The only problem that I do not like about the tax law is that it will cause a distortion in accounting for financial earnings and tax accounting.   DOA with me.  It fails to properly account for the recapture the cost of the asset over the useful of the life asset. It also "creative accounting" allowing the companies to have higher profits for Wall Street than actual profits that they when it is reported to the IRS.  Again, creative accounting. 


































































































































































































 That is why I prefer to vote for Bernie Sanders over him any day of the week. 




 Yeah. Right now, we need not to improve relations with Israel until Isreali voters get frustrated with Bibi and run him out of office.  We did not need an Isreali neocon in that country running the show.   




 This guys needs visit the county jail for putting animals in a cruel living environment. 




 Whistleblowers are important to call abuses by both parties.  Just because one party is a liberal and agrees with your political views does not mean it has fair share or corruption and graft.  

I like Harry Reid, but this is a one comment that I disagree with him on.  







































 It is sad to see ISIS using child fighters to their dirty work.  Use of child soldiers can be in itself considered to be a war crime.  








































































































 Reminds me of the music that I danced to at the junior high dance. 










































































 Somebody has to deal justice to those guys.  They are like the Nazi; absolute scum of humanity. 




 The answer is why is somebody life worth killing over a $300 dollars pair of headphones.  I guess the real reason is envy and this shows how envy destroys a soul. 
























 Please hope the supreme court dumps these laws.  









 I hope that they spend the rest of their lives and prison and never get out. 
















































































































































 Life sentence is better.
 




 No, because I got two drunk drivings in 2012 and lost my job, I cannot go. I will be lucky to have full-time employment by then. 

Going to Burning Man again is a dream, but I just do not see it happen.  Plus the progressive in me does not like the change in Burning Man because of the plug and play camps. 



















 It is a mess believe me. 









 Americans are too strongly individualistic and competitive in nature.  For socialism to work in the US, you need to have a market-based system, but one based on spirit of cooperation and egalitarianism that rewards workers for individual efforts and teamwork efforts.  However, it has to be competive as well because that in the American DNA. 




 I prefer a market-based capitalistic system.  However, I have a very high distrust of corporations and wealthy because they do not act in the best interest of the country.  Therefore, I prefer the government to heavily regulate industry, have the power to break monopolies, and allow for unions as internal control against management abuse of the worker.  I also believe that workers should have the ability to form their collective businesses and find  a way to share a profit from it.

However, I do not prefer top-down command economy because we have many, many examples  of thosein world-history and most of them result in an authoritarian governments and inequitable distribution of resources. (which include the USSR, Cuba, Venezuela, and other countries)  The proper system is to have a market-based system where the government acts a referee to prevent industrial abuses, massive inequality, and allows workers to control the resources on their own.  However, the government should not have the ability to bail out inefficient firms or pick winners/losers in industry.  It should be a competitive, workers-based market socialism. 



























































































































































































































 He was good guy.  Remember listening to him on sports radio for years on ESPN 710 and other networks. 

























































































































































































































































 But maybe there will be no history books remaining because humans will go extinct due to climate change. 




 Edward Snowden leaks about the invasion of privacy. 




















































































 TAP needs to their fares online.  What frustates me the most about TAP is that it is hard for me to load non light-rail fares on Metro buses and non Metro buses. But, I am also considered disabled due to autism so I fall under a different pricing system than most Metro riders which complies. 





























 So the obvious that we have known for years is actually true. 









 One advantage about OCTA compared to Metro is that it is great to have county-wide public transit system. One pass, one bus system.  Despite my prefereance for Metro over the OCTA, I do no understand why there is so many transit agencies in LA County.  There should be only four in my opinion: LBT, Antelope Valley, FTA, and Metro because those bus systems serve vast population bases.   




 Yeah, Metro is a far better cry than OCTA.  Here in OC, we have no light rail and it is impossible to access the bus in certain parts of the county.  If you live in Santa Ana, Anaheim, or Costa Mesa, than the best comparison to OCTA is how Long Beach Transit operates.  For the rest of the county (especially in the South), RTA is a better comparison.  But Metro is superior to the OCTA and LBT. 




























































































































 What a waste of legislation. 




 Tell Ted Cruz to go blow it!/ 

























































































 Hehehe 



































































































 It has taken me three weeks and three separate to the DMV to get a new ID card. I lost my card after getting it five days later. What happened turned into three DMV visits, losing a job opportunity due to lack of I'd, and tremendous amount of wasted time.  And the DMV has stilled has not issued me a new card. Anybody has dealt with a such nitemare. 
























 Extreme personal integrity. 




 How is it different than using normal DMT? 









 As an aspie, how do you think about all of these people participating in the massive fundraisers for autism like this held in Pasadena. 
(http://abc7.com/society/families-friends-gather-for-walk-now-for-autism-speaks-at-rose-bowl/668403/)

My attitude is like Meh.  The problem about these fundraisers is that they are trying to spend massive amounts of money of trying to autistic people into neurotypicals.  I think the money is better spent on educating the public about autism and how to deal properly with autism.  I think the money should go into teaching social skills to autistic people so they learn how to interact with people, but also teach NTs that autistic people have a unique way of communicating and learn how to respect it. I am much more of the high functioning end of autism where my autism allows for normal social relationships with NTs but I still also suffer from severe ADHD that is also the root at my autism.  My ADHD and not my social skills is what holding me down in the professional workplace.   I would also like the money to spent on teaching self-awareness skills as well, but not at the expense at trying to change  who autistic people. 

 









 And there is a guy on my reference list that can state that he has never seen me drink for the last 21 months.  And he has my landlord that lives in my house.  And he also knows that I go to meetings.  




 They are real big flag.  That is why I prefer not to talk about them.  However, I am extremely active in twelve-step recovery programs which is the only real way that I can reassure employers that my DUIs are behind me.  And I do have over two years in recovery. 




 In two recent job submissions, I used the third paragraph of my cover letter to discuss the soft skills that I would bring to the company.  I found that this article has fiveteen different soft skills that you can use in your cover letter to sell an employer on your soft skills in  a cover letter

(http://www.forbes.com/sites/kensundheim/2013/04/02/15-traits-of-the-ideal-employee/ 




 Somebody needs kick that entire legislature out of power and replace it progressives.  These guys are making NC return to Jim Crow days. 



















 The problem is that renewing the license requires ownership of a car.   









 I left a high-paying government job after ten years of working there because I could no longer maintain the security clearance. I was never fired and I left my own accord.  I got two DUIs in a year.  

In my application, I put the reason why I left my job was for "Personal and Health" reasons. I do not provide the details unless asked.  WHen I do, I tell the employer that I have two years in clean in twelve step programs.  I do not explain any of the details of DUIs, but rather that I have two year clean today and I no longer drink.  I also participating in an unpaid internship for autism people that helps with my soft skills which actually has helped me a lot. 

The question: Is being honest with the employer and reassuring to the employer that I am in recovery with multiple years of clean time is this best thing to do? 




 I have two DUIs from 2012. My license is no longer suspended, but I do not have a car. I have enough money in the bank to immediately buy a car in cash with applicable insurance. I have also have to get special insurance that costs a little bit more.  I have no other moving violations on my record.  How can I tell employers that I can immediately get car once I hired and meet the requirements for a valid Class C license.  
























 I think he has something to do with.  Paul is speaking about the natural cycle of boom and bust in the market.  The market will always will have down cycles and I think this is what Paul is speaking about. 







































 Income inequality. 




 GOlf. 























































































































 Spawn! 
























 The headline is misinforming.  Yes, Mumia is convicted cop killer but there is substantial doubt on the conviction's basis. 

Based on the recent rash of police abuse towards Blacks, Mumia claims of innocence might be actually be correct or more realistically, the murder was caused by the police officer's own actions that resulted in manslaughter than pre-meditated first degree murder.  

For me, Mumia is commentator on social justice issues and that is why I listen to him.  The legal circumstances of his case are of no concern to me.  The Philadelphia police had an extensive track record of discriminatory behavior towards African-Americans especially during the times of Mumia case so the allegations against are considered to be murky and unresolved in my opinion.   









 Those police need to be sentenced to California Department of Corrections and placed in general population.   




 Life on prison. The US death penalty process is too much of a boondoggle to work effectively. 


































 Ms. Feinstein resembles the moderate wings of neo-con agenda and also is probably not very tech-savy.  I disagree with her. 



















 Geeking out on Reddit. 














 My birthday is on May 4th, but I have mandatory event that night. I want to find a good Mexican place for a Cinco De Mayo event, but not a place that is too rowdy. I do not drink so I do not want to be around a bunch of drunks. I prefer a Costa Mesa , Santa Ana, or Anaheim location. 



















 OCTA Bus Passholdrrs do not pay fare on Metro Route 460 for trips going to or originating from the Norwalk Green line Station. I did not know that until today 































































































































































 It is about saving rich people's money. $10.82 is not seriously a lot of money and is around what the minimum wage should be in the OC ($11.00). 




















































































 THe Goat Hill Tavern especially during Founders HOurs. 



























































 Please get out of the race O'Malley.  This race should between Sanders and Hillary Clinton.  You are not wanted.  Ms. Clinton and Mr. Sanders should have serious policy debates that will help the Democrat party in 2016. 















































































 I want to become a hike leader for the Sierra Club, but I need get my CPR/FIrst Aid certification.  Where is the cheapest place in the OC for getting certified? 
































































 I have a roommate who works for company that specializes in resolving traffic tickets.  You can call him at (626) 280-3300 for a consultation.  Sorry, for the advertising, but if you want some paid representation, he is more than willing to help you. 



















 I have the hardest time with sitting down to watch a TV show especially when it does not interest.  I can sit down and watch an espisode of GOT fine, but I struggle to watch reruns a lot of other shows.  I also live in at house where there is one TV and I have to be especially sensitive of other people's TV needs.  I usually spend my time on the computer where i can surf website to website and look at what interests me.  However, I believe that it aggravates my ADHD even more. I do not struggle with problem at work where I have lazer sharp focus and can do my jobs for hours on end even it is especially repetive.  Yet, trying to watch a TV show to be a difficult ordeal and I just cannot sit down and watch a TV show until its conclusions unless it is GOT where I force myself to watch the entire episode.  And I never watch movies because I know that I cannot stay still because I am on the computer the entire time.  Do people with ADHD struggle with same struggles that I do and just avoid TV 




 Yes, I have a huge issue with it especially if there is a lot of people interacting in a very small space. 









 Self-awarness  is the best tool to deal with it. 




 I do it a lot but not in front of others. I do ir especially if I have to walk far more than five minutes  


































 People should learn not to trust the GOP unless they explicitly and genuinely believe that what is right for business is the right for the country. 




 The GOP has no interest in workers rights.   





































































 The federal government should pass the minimum wage based on cost of living. That means the minimum wage would be lower in red states and higher in blue states. Locality-based minimum wages have a higher chance of passing the GOP Congress than a universial minimum wage. 







































 Crisco. It is my Burning Man nickname  




 2L of Mountain Dew and Pepsi. 




 lSd 
























 This is what happens when (i) you vote for Conservative and (ii) Labor fails to brand itself different than Conservative-lite.  Labor needs to be the party that stands up for preservation of social welfare because the government serves as an internal control against the excesses and failures of the capitalist system. 




 While there is better ways probably to root them out, I still prefer the military option right now.  Any type of rebuilding projects that involve US contractors would be mired in corruption so it is not our job to rebuild Iraq based on our horrific record with monitor and tracking outside contractors responsible for the jobs. 









 Does alcohol causes a majority of rich men have unmanageable relationships that tear part of relationships, businesses, and families.  Just because you are wealthy does not mean you escape alcoholism.
 




 A real alcoholic .  Recovery literature defines alcoholic as " Our whole life and thinking was centered in alcohol in one form or anotherthe drinking and finding ways and means to get more. We lived to use and used to live. Very simply, an alcoholic is a man or
woman whose life is controlled by alcohol We are people in the grip of a continuing and progressive illness whose ends are always the same: jails, institutions, and death. " 




 The question are they real alcoholics.  









 I guess the sheeple got their leader. 




 Move with roommates where everybody has to share one TV. That is my problem. So I barely watch any TV. 



















 The only real way is get money out of money out of politics and go to proporational representation system like other European country.  But that still might not get the result that you like 
























 Than it is time to starting throw CEOs in jails. 




 This is the Achilles heel of Republican budgeting and why the Laffer curve never worked properly. 





























 Go down to the local courthouse and ask for your court records.  Show the courts records to the employer 



















 However, one huge difference between Bernie and Obama campaigns in the 2008 campaign is that the Bernie's race and gender will neutralize the Obama racism that happened during the 2008 campaign.  However, the Republicanism will use the socialist death label to death and use Sander's anti-interventionist to drum up that Sanders will bring the terrorist back.  Unlike Hillary, the GOP could not resort to the personal character attacks aganist Bernie that they can use aganist Hillary Clinton all of the time.  

In some ways, Bernie would be attacked on policy stances and would not be attacked on race, gender, and personal character attacks that Obama or Hillary faced. 




 Yeah, but what about financial stablity. Financial stablity is defined as "Just because your business is making money doesnt mean its stable. Stability is the ability to withstand a temporary problem, such as a decrease in sales, lack of capital or loss of a key employee or customer. Analyzing your cash flow and a variety of negative scenarios will help you determine whether or not your business is financially stable."

That is very important.  No profits = no jobs.  We are not going to be in socialist utopia any time soon and lot of Americans will not accept it. I prefer socialism but I am also a pragmatic realist that understands that capitalism will be the system of the US for a long time. 




 The military should destory its excessive equipment because the mission of the police force is not urban pacification but to protect the citizens against violent offenders. I see no active restraint in doing this. 









 Wasteful spending at its worst.  Money is better spent on NASA, social programs. 




 Why would anybody celebrate cops dying in the line of duty?  This is time of mourning not rejoicing. 



















 And replace with what? Small city-based police forces. Look, at Bell for example.  Compton is another example of medium city police force that needs to be disbanded. 




 What is so bad about that? He killed 3,000 people and so he deserved to die even though 09/11 was an excuse by the neoconservatives to inflict war upon states that did not do anything to the US. 




 ISIS would have to couple of those planes. 




 Of course, Rick Scott wants to appease the tea party than deal with the future of his state.  He is a such dumb governor. 














 The problem about Labor is that it did not properly branding.  Branding is "your promise to your customer. It tells them what they can expect from your products and services, and it differentiates your offering from your competitors".  Labor did not promise any real change or any difference than the conservative problem.  Also, the Conservatives feed into the white's view of xenophobia and will make "Fortress England". Also, a lot of white people in general that I know support the business agenda because they in some day that they will benefit from the system that primary favors the rich instead of realizing the system in the long run is unsustainable and needs to replace with something else.  Therefore, in some ways, the proletarians are the dumb ones themselves because they favor the burgerious agenda.  But P.T Barnum once wrote "There is a sucker born in every minute". 




 Again, there is little detail in mechanics of TPP and how it works. Lengthy articles in the NY Times and serious discussion on Bloomberg and CNBC that discuss the mechanics of TPP would bring the agreement into the daylight.  I think corporate elites are too paranoid and too dishonest these days to face the sunlight, but in reality, the sunlight would expose the flaws and the strengths of TPP.   




 The whole NC legislator is dysfunctional bunch of misfits who answer to corporatist lobbyist and have no idea to how to properly state. I state that the whole legislature should be recalled. 




 Kids today have no manners. 




 Until the details of the treaty are made public and allowed for public scrutiny, I cannot support this law. 









 Loved that movie. 









 Obama is listening to the investment bankers and not you, the average citizen. 












































 So is the private sector any better?
 


































 Just curious 









 I have an interview with the State next week in Van Nuys and I increasily becoming frustrated that I had not one single offer of employment with the state despite having twenty plus interviews with them.  Some of them I can unprepared but a number of them is where I ex

I just want to nail this one interview and get it done.  The only problem is that I am a (LEAP) candidate which is the program for the state to hire disabled employees even though I qualify for the position on pure experience alone.

I just want some links to a Youtube video or some other resources to assist me. I have in a formal vocational training program right now so I have an instructor that can help, but we just need to find the right resources so he has more information to help me. (Note: I am mainly applying to Office Technician positions). 



















 I am very interested in getting involved with Bernie Sanders campaign and helping the campaign get started in Orange County. I do not have time to donate my time to the national campaign, but I can donate significant time during evenings and especially weekends to the campaign.  Does anybody know about the campaign starting here.  I do know there is a litany of progressive organizations that are in the county which I am not involved with, but any campaign involving Bernie Sanders would require extensive coordination with these groups because they prefer their input into any how the county-wide operations is ran.  














 Well, then all of the cities who want to raise the minimum wages have a point. 






















































 Time for war crime trails at the Hague. 





























