 Not the most recognized author, but I saw topics on her works before and came to wonder. Anybody happened to read this unfinished novel? What your impressions were? Favorite characters, storylines? I'm rather fond of it, myself, and think it shows how Gaskell's writing matured in comparison with earlier novels.  









 Noted, thank you! 




 They were somewhat hit and miss with me, depending on the author analyzed, but I definitely support the notion. 



















 Don't even care which authors. Just any published analysis that made you feel like the person behind it really gets the author and knows how to bring out what's unique and great about them. I had an experience like that with Chesterton's "Charles Dickens" and feel curious about everybody else's. 









 I have made a new friend some weeks ago. She is a pleasant, easy-going person and we have a lot in common and get along really well for the most part. I'd love to get closer to her over time. But there's one thing that really is starting to bug me.

She is late. Always. For everything - meetings, phone calls, any self-imposed deadlines. I tried to be flexible, to accommodate her (i.e. let her decide on the time we meet) but it doesn't seem to make a difference at all. At best she is fifteen minutes late, at worst... can be up to forty minutes. Although I haven't known her for long enough to say if she's like that in everything (like her job, for example), she claims she is and can't help it. There wasn't yet any situations where her habits would let us down in a big way, but my frustration is gradually accumulating. I'm afraid that one day I'll snap and drive her off and worried that her attitude shows she isn't very serious about our frienship and plans.

   
**tl;dr**: My new friend is always late for everything and it makes me feel like she doesn't take me seriously, but I'm not sure how to confront her without coming off as overdramatic. 














 ...yeah, that does sound like an interesting twist on the theme. Added to reading list, thanks! 




 And what kind of bad feeling? 



















 R. L. Stine, and I strongly suspect I'm not alone. His stuff wasn't even creepy past your first three books, but man, was it addictive. 




 Oh, sweet, I need more modern literature in my life. Thanks! 




 Searching for something along the lines of Zola's "Rougon-Macquart" or Galsworthy's "Forsyte Saga". It doesn't have to be a book series though, a solitary novel works just as well. 




 So, we all have this gold collection of childhood books that really hold up no matter how many decades pass. But lbr, we read a lot of bullshit too. Are there any books from your childhood that are making you go "wait, I used to like this?!" as an adult? 




 I've always admired Austen's ability to portray varied and complex parent-child relationships. When it comes to family situations, her heroines go full spectrum - from heavy neglect or abuse to having perfectly supportive and reasonable caretakers with lots of of variations in-between. Was there any parental character whose interactions with the MC you especially enjoyed? For me Mrs. Dashwood takes the cake, I think: it was great to see a genuinely loving mother whose temperament and worldview clashes with one of her kid's a lot. 
























 Good advice! The only thing, I find it rather awkward to start conversations by simply marching up and introducing myself. Making some comment/observation about the situation we're both in (it's cold, the queue barely moves, the coffee is great here) and going from there works better for me. If the conversation doesn't run into the ground after a couple of lines, slipping the introduction in somehwhere along the way is easy enough. 




 I used to appreciate Dickens in a slightly condescending manner - great style, but complicated plots usually don't come together, pacing is often mucked-up and ugh, cheap emotional punches. But then I read Chesterton's analysis of his novels and it really made me see his strengths in a clearer light and wider context. Further evidence to all the things a good fanbase can do for an author! 


















































































































 Hi, reddit! Inviting everyone to take a look at this paperwork-slaying app for travelers. Input the info about your destination and the general purpose of your visit and get a full, up-to-date detailed list of documents you need to have sorted out before you go + all the special requirements. A good opportunity to save yourself some time on research.

I took part in creating this app and would appreciate feedback, both as a developer and as a baby traveler gearing up for the first abroad tour.

 [Download Travel Documents here for free](http://travelandplay.mobi/en/apps/travel_documents) 




 Same. I'll start using cases the day I have to face any negative consequences of not using one. So far so good. 




 I've heard lots of people complain about it and ask to switch places in buses, trains and other vehicles that have several sets of seats facing various directions. 





























 Because I'm pining for takoyaki again. 














 My team has finished a new game - it's a mix between racing game and driving simulator, depending on the game mode you choose. Full-featured version available for free. Feedback is highly appreciated, especially on graphics and animation - we did our best to polish them. 

Get it [here](http://academmedia.com/en/apps/monster_wheels_3d) 







































 Damn, you're right. My sources lied. 















































































 Obviously that's the reason, but I think it's pretty random (if really sweet) for people to thank the drivers for stopping at the crossing. They're just following the rules after all, not doing anyone a favor. 


































 Hey! Offering to check out this free app. We've been working on polishing this game's graphics because realistic cats are the key to success; that's the latest version. The team, including myself, would really appreciate feedback, especially on the visuals. Thanks!
[APK and screencaps here] (http://academmedia.com/en/apps/cat_simulator_3d) 










































































 Does sticking small objects under the straps of my bra in the absence of pockets count? 





























 Make her. 

















































 I heard spleens are quite lovely. 














 Guess that's one way to look at it. If someone's gonna rip out organs, let it at least be someone cute. 












































 Pssst, patent this. 









 Sure. Anything in particular you want to see?

For a second I considered asking what about a neutrally-labeled picture of an overworked underage girl in wartime screams "Soviet propaganda" at you, but nevermind, I might be better not looking into that void. 












































 Hi! I'd like to introduce our new, free app [Mother To Be] (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mother-to-be-app/id962704086?mt=8). The title makes it clear enough that's a rather niche application intended for those going though pregnancy. Basically, it's an interactive calender that allows to keep track of various parameters (weight, diet habits, sleep patterns) and make notes - a personal journal of sorts.
We're very fond of the concept and would appreciate feedback, especially from the target audience. Please tell what you think is lacking and which features you found redundant. 









 Got it all over himself, yeah. None ingested thankfully. 









































































































































































 I've always wondered how to go about the trickily-shaped borders. No way you can scratch around them perfectly and that would bug the hell out of me. 
















































































































































 Wow, my day improved instantly. Thankee. 



















 Half year isn't too bad, speaking from my violent experience with cutting boards. 



















 For now it's English only. Updates might include other languages. 



















 No. It's a ruse to confuse you. 




 Sounds good, but lacking in bacon for my taste. 




 In Caucasus Mountains. 


































 Kaliningrad 

































































































































































































































































































 Well, _you_ can, I'd hate to ruin anyone's fun! 




 If only. It's an ex-USSR territory, I'm pretty sure this used to be a Lenin statue. 




 Because it's soil. Most likely some kind of school project where kids learn how to grow plants (and then show them off for the camera). 
























