














 I was looking fairly closely but couldn't tell if one of the dwarves was a girl. If not, then I can only assume that Penny has been cut... 




 I am mad for seafood chowder after I had it at Brett's Wharf a while ago...but that place has shut down.

So now I am on the hunt for an aweome bowl of chowder. Any suggestions? 




 "The bones help," said Melisandre. "The bones remember. The strongest glamors are built of such things. A dead man's boots, a hank of hair, a bag of fingerbones." 




 After seeing a post on Facebook about organ donation, I was appalled by the sheer number of people who felt that older people do not deserve organs because they have already lived their lives. 

I got so mad when these people said things like "that's dumb, why didn't they give the organ to a younger person?"

And while I know not every can know the details of how organs are allocated, it just bothered me that so many people thought so little of the elderly and felt that the young deserved more in life.

Youth really is wasted on the young! 









 Hi guys.

I was hoping someone could help me find a pattern for an edging that would produce a similar result to [this]( http://i.imgur.com/nVDqJVm.jpg). The pic is knitted and I was hoping for a crochet equivalent.

Please and thank you! 







































 You know the one I mean. Something reminds you of this memory and you have to actively avoid remembering it to save yourself from the embarassment. 




 Most people don't care how that song you were singing in the morning was on the radio in car, or stuff like that. But I do!

Share 
























 Smell is the Sense that is closest link to your memory. There are plenty of smells that instantly make me feel great happiness or some, real sadness and I either really enjoy coming across them, or go to great lengths to avoid them.

What are yours? 


































 This is an X post, forgot to put that in title.

ver the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension (Go to Chiro, Physio AND Remedial masseuse)

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches

If it is just stress, what can I do? I take regular Me Time, exercise regularly, don't take work home with me, don't sit and fret on issues. This year I will be moving interstate but that decision is only weeks old and some of these issues have been around for a few years. 




 Over the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches 

















































 I just left a $2000 tube of reagent on the counter in my lab over the weekend, ruining it.

Beat that.

Edit: This is great! When I eventually get yelled at by the boss, I can just show her this and tell her life isn't that bad! 




 A conversation between my husband and I last night.

Husband: Hey train_subject889, remember the promise you made that you wouldn't let your crochet take over the house?

Me: Yeah...

Husband: Well, you broke it 



















 My hubby is Pats mad. He has been following them since he was little, despite none of his family having any interest in the game. He just watched them play one day and hasn't stop watching since.

We are travelling to America in October this year and although there are many things on our to-do list, the whole trip will be based around us getting to Boston amd seeing a Pats home game.

Now, hubby will have his bday while we are over there, so I am hoping to find some sort of 'special experience' tickets to surprise him with. I'm thinking VIP box, stadium tour, anything like that. Hell, if I can somehow get him in the same room as Tom Brady, he would probably pass out with joy.

So, can anyone help me? Point me in the direction of a place I can get this? Or even just tell me if it is possible/affordable?

Thanks! 




 http://i.imgur.com/uEcQCFI.jpg

I bought 7 x 50g balls just because they were on sale for $1.20 but now I don't know what to do with it.

It is gorgeously soft and slippery and feels magic against my skin, so I was hoping to make something like a jumper or shawl. But I haven't found any pattern that would work with the glossy, slippery nature of the yarn.

Suggestions? 




 Once or twice a week I sit next to a lady on the train who is an avid crocheter, like me. We first spoke when she complimented me on my amugurumi kitty I was working on. Over the weeks we have had great chats, discussing our favourite yarn brands, the best stitches and new patterns we have found. I look forward to my train trips now and enjoy our chats immensely.

This morning, the nice lady delivered on a promise I hadn't really expected her to keep and gave me a bag full of cashmere yarns with the condition that I make another kitty out of it just so she could see how it turned out.

I was very thankful and happy that someone would be so friendly and giving to a complete stranger, without expecting anything in return. 

Crocheters really are the nicest people! 












































 Today I suffered some major embarrassment. Please help me realise that other people have it worse than me! 








































































































 Yeah, protesting out the front of corrupt government building is cool and all, but what about us unsung heroes?

What is your mundane protest? 



























































 Everybody else is cool, calm and collected doing these tasks, meanwhile you are blowing your lid because... 




 My step brother is interested in signing up for a business opportunity provided by a company called Vemma. The model is based on sales of healthy products supplied by the company as well as membership sign up.

 You have to pay to recieve the product and then your sales numbers and how many people you get to join equate to an income. They aren't talking huge dollars for the most part but it seems a little too easy.

It has been labelled a pyramid scheme, and I am not certain but I can see why it would be called that. [This]( http://yprzone.com/) is their website and [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtSmuX9ID5o feature=youtube_gdata_player) is their video.

Does anyone know anything about them? Have any horror or success stories? 

























































































 And once you know it is unchangable...no avoiding it.

No suicide, that's cheating! 





























 Hi guys! I am making a 12x12 granny square quilt. I am 56 squares in and still undecided about how I will join them all together.

I have narrowed it down to two techniques:

The [slip stitch]( http://attic24.typepad.com/weblog/joining-granny-sqaures.html) method

Or the [invisible stitch]( http://doyoumindifiknit.typepad.com/do_you_mind_if_i_knit/2010/02/joining-up-with-an-invisible-stitch.html) method.

So I am wondering if there is anyone out there who has used either/both of these methods who can give me some pros and cons. I dont mind that the slip stich is visible from the back but I do mind if i get unsightly ridges or awkward edges at the front.

[Here]( http://imgur.com/Vx1xfsr) is a pic of my progress :) 





























 You know who I mean. That one celebrity everyone hates that you think is smokin hot. You can't bring yourself to admit your nasty feelings to your friends, so tell Reddit instead. No judgement here, friend. 














 I am very new to crocheting and after bravely setting out to make a nice throw using 12ply yarn, I quickly discovered I was out of my depth. My throw started as a scarf, but I found it was too stiff with the 12ply so I carried on widening it, making a throw. 

I went out and bought heaps of the yarn I was using so I didn't run out, thinking I was a genius for stockpiling it.

But halfway through I realised my throw was just as stiff as my scarf...so I unravelled it.

Now, I am stuck with about 5 HUGE balls of purple 12ply yarn and neither the skills nor the knowledge to turn it into something useful.

So can anyone help me out with suggestions for a basic pattern I can use to get rid of all this yarn? Everything I try seems too intricate for it's thickness, or requires various colours when all I have is the purple... 






















































 Sure, what she did was hard, no denying that and attention on women's health is usually a good thing. But the media needs to stop glorifying sick celebrities. It portrays them as the benchmarks and 'poster-children' for a disease when, as wealthy and famous individuals with access to almost endless medical resources, they are in the best possible position while sick. 

Common people, like struggling single mothers and embattled pensioners have more reason to be called inspirations than celebrities. 

Furthermore, the media lauding these famous people as inspirations creates unrealistic expectations for normal people coping with the same situations. 












































 Personally, I always had an image of Ginny in my head that looked just like this:

http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120326220605/disney/images/7/76/Goofy-disneyscreencaps_com-1634.jpg 














 I just moved states and I want to get back into playing netball.

I live in Croydon, so would like a team near there. Any night suits. I am of average skill and fitness, in it just for fun :) 














 I just moved into a new house and I now have a whole cupboard just for crochet! 
It is a double-door wardrobe, with only a shelf up top and no cross beam for hanging, so I need to fit it out myself.

So, show off your organisational skillz here people! I wanna see inside your cupboards and get some ideas :) 


































 What odd thing do you waste your money and time on, and can I learn how to do it? 



















 I keep seeing happy predictions, but more often it is the dark things that we remember more. 

Who is going to be the next celebrity death?

Do you expect another attack on the West?

Who will go to war?

We will probably all end up on a list somewhere, but I am genuinely interested in what the pessimists think.

Edit: and by this, I mean next year, which for us Aussies is tonight 
































































 You've said "omg lawlz" so many times now, its no longer an insult and now you can't stop! 




 Not the big romantic gestures or anything. The mundane, the rediculous, the nonsensical. 
























 I have taken to just saying "sneeze". They get their acknowledgement of bodily function, I don't have to bless them 














 The ridiculous, the redneck, the offensive, what are the worst names a parent of your country could call a child?

I wanna know what is the Chinese version of LaSquisha, the Indian version of Apple, and so on.

Also, who are your 'Chad' and 'Erins'? 









 I figured out how to create a sub, and then promptly made one just for the craftspeople of Melbourne. 

So head on over to /r/MelbourneCrafters for tips, patterns, meetups, etc.

Get posting and enjoy! 




 Y'all know what to do. Post, share, chat and craft! 




 New to Melbourne, I recently had to give up my regular Stitch 'n Bitch crochet circle...so I am looking to make a new one!

I am thinking that a city park would be a great meet-point as it will be a sunny 28 on Sunday. I will be temporarily at Camberwell (usually in Croydon) but don't really know the area, so I am open to suggestions. If we were to make it a regular thing, we would need to decide on a more permanent spot.

So is anyone keen? I don't mind if you are a bare beginner, as I have taught a few of my friends before. I am just looking to enjoy the great company of fellow hookers :P

Me: 25 f, Scientist, crocheting for 2 years


1:30pm Fitzroy Gardens. Bring blanket, tools and snacks if you want. We will meet at the south east corner and find a spot from there :)

Edit: Look for the girl on the blue blanket! 









 http://i.imgur.com/T5VECQu.jpg

The girl and her arm on the righr are ruining this picture. It's not an important pic, but I'd like it if someone wanted to challenge themselves and give it a go! :)

Extra pics to help with my shirt pattern?

http://imgur.com/a9qur2C

http://imgur.com/MG31wG0 









 I just moved to Victoria from Queensland, and bought a house out at Croydon. In the meantime, I am staying with family at Ringwood.

Locals keep suggesting that Ringwood and Croydon are unsavory areas, which confuses me, as they seem lovely.

I am starting to think these people don't have a good grasp on what mkes somewhere truly scummy. 

These people need to go on up to QLD; spend some time at Sunshine, Caboolture or Nambour stations THEN talk to me about scum.

Am I wrong here? 









 Today is my first day exploring the city after moving here from QLD. I am at Flinders St station and need suggestions for lunch!

Any food type, so long as it is tasty. Probably would prefer to sit and eat. 




 Yesterday we arrived after driving all the way from Brissy. 

I am exhausted now, but once I am feeling human again I will want to start enjoying this fab city. Currently, I am based in Ringwood, but will move soon with plans to buy in the same area.

If anyone has any general advice, offers of friendship or suggestions of cool places, I'd love to hear them! I need some friends, a gym, a hobby, sports, all the stuff I left behind.

I am a 24, female Medical Scientist. I love books, bike rides, fashion, tasty sweets, netball and crochet. I am chatty and energetic, love going shopping, and am always good for a conversation. 

Has anyone got a casual netball team they need players for?

Or a crochet circle that needs another hooker?

Can't wait to start enjoying my new home! 














 Married to single?

Childless to parent?

Jobless bum to multimillionaire?

What has changed for you? 














 I know most people I talk to say that everything is different once you have your own kids, but I want to see if there are any ladies for whom this did not happen.

I just am starting to think about having kids soon but worry about my almost complete disinterest in almost every child I meet. I love my neices enough to spend large amounts of time with them, but they are the only exception and I am usually very relieved to return them to their mum afterwards.

I know women are meant to be all maternal and stuff, but I just worry that I haven't got what it takes. 

Has anyone else been in this situation but had kids anyway? Did it change?

Sorry, if this is the wrong place to ask this. 














 There is that one customer that will always haunt your dreams. Be it because of pure gross factor, scariness, annoying behaviour or just hilariously angry 



















 We all have them and I love hearing about the quirky little things minds do to keep occupied. 









 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter. Why couldn't I not do carpentry as a trade and still know what I was doing?

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

It is something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. I appreciated him for seeing me as woman, not a wife/girlfriend, and one who was perfectly capable of doing a "man's trade". 




 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter.

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

Something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. 




 Hi Docs.

About a year or two ago I suddenly developed tinnitus. I was lying down in bed one night and my ears were roaring like I had just been to a concert. It was sudden, with my night before being normal and quiet. No injury or event happened that day as far as I can recall.

And it never went away.

Every night my ears roar and it makes it difficult to sleep because the world isn't silent.

During the day I get sporadic bursts of ringing/deafness in one ear. Sometimes it is so high pitched it causes me pain.

But lately something has changed. I hear noises that aren't there. It is most apparent when I am at work, late at night on a Call In and no one else is around.

I hear phones ringing, footsteps, doors closing and the distinctive tinkle of a bell that one lady likes to wear on her keys.

I brought it up at work once and everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I thought it was just my brain filling in the silence and figured it was normal.

So, is it normal? Do I reason to be concerned?

24 f Healthy weight, no medications aside from an Implanon which is a very recent change (2-3 months), non smoker, no other health issues 




 What do you have to deal with on a day-to-day basis that you are sure isn't a concern for the general population. 

I am interested in seeing what others have to overcome daily so I might better appreciate my lucky lot in life.

Edit: I am indeed very lucky to have what I have, or not have what others have. Thanks for sharing! 




 I have lived in QLD my whole life, but my husband is a Melbournite through and through. 

After living in Queensland for 6 years, he was keen to move back home and I have happily agreed. Goodbye Brisbane, Hello Melbourne. More specifically, NorthEastern suburbian Melbourne.

We make the move in a month and while I am moving with a local, one who knows a lot of ins and outs, I am keen to learn as much as I can for myself. Good cafes, crap suburbs, best hairdressers, etc.

So, sell yourself to me Melbourne, you minx. 









 Other mythologicl creatures to play a part in the final books?

Last night I had a bitchin dream that when Dany came to Westeros astride her dragon, with her two riders by her side, they were met in the air by Aegon and Co riding griffins. Awesome aerial battle ensued.

Now, we know dragons exist, giants, ice spiders and possibly unicorns do too but what other creatures could we plausibly expect to see, and do we really think that any of them would have a play in the final battles?

Be as tinfoilly as you want, I am just kicking around the Ideas Ball. 



















 Ok, so I was playing social netball tonight and we were losing. Normally, I don't care a whole lot about the score because I am in it for the fitness but tonight, it was bothering me. I was getting frustrated that the ref was making a lot of petty calls against our team and ignoring them when the other team did the same thing. On top of this, their centre was constantly getting in my girls' faces and contacting them subtly so the stupid ref couldn't see.

I got sick of it, so I started sticking to her like glue. Wherever she went, I was on her. She started getting irate. Then, when I had my back to her trying to block her, she bumped against me to obviously draw a foul against me. Ref didn't see, so I bumped back.

She responded by slapping me *hard* on the arse!

I was like "wtf did you just slap me on the butt?!"

She denied it, of course. I pressed and said she did. Then she said it was an accident. The ref took her side and said it was just a general contact; part of the play. 

I spun on him and said "I know what a fucking slap on the arse feels like!"

 He threatened to send me off the court, to which I said "fine, if she goes!"

She wouldn't go and wouldn't admit anything. I called her out on her physical playing and she just stared. The ref was weak and once I showed him I wasn't getting off the court he just told the girl to apologise...which she wouldn't.

The whole situation ended with me just telling them to continue playing. The ref, the idiot, didn't try to resolve the issue and just allowed play to continue.

Later, when I looked at my cheeks, sure enough, there was a big red hand print. 
 
The whole thing made me a lot madder than it should have, but I just couldn't believe she had the nerve to deny it, then to say it was an accident and than have the ref take her side. Like I said, I know when I have been slapped! Don't tell me what I felt!


I know this is petty and juvenile and not worth reading probably, but I just needed to vent and this seemed like the place to do it.

If you read it, thanks and I'm sorry for a probably boring story 














 The post that got me an invite to this sub:

Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 I don't want to hear about your Vietnamese love child, or the body buried in your backyard.

I want to know the boring, seemingly inconsequential secrets that you simply *must* keep. And why.

Edit: Ok, I get this is "real life" too...but you know what I mean 














 I am talking about the one celebrity each of you have agreed upon that if they came up to you and wanted to hook up, you are allowed a free pass to do so.

No jealousy, no divorce, no questions.

Edit: I guess I am in a minority of people who enjoy having silly conversations like this with my husband. 














 For my hubbys bday, I want to give him a piece of art featuring our two dogs. 

Can anyone recommend a local artist who can help me out. I am not looking for a Da Vinci and I want to keep it about $100 or under.

Thanks! 




 What is your bread-and-butter microscope view?

Share some pics of what you spend all your time and energy looking for each day 




 Like, those strawberry lollies that you just can't find in stores. Where do these mysterious items come from?! 




 And I can't believe it took me 24 years to watch it!!!

What a mastetpiece! It truly is a classic, in all senses of the word. The costumes, the sets, the music and Vivian Leigh!!! She floored me. She is so beautiful and powerful in that role. It made me so happy to have Scarlett as my namesake. She isn't nice, she isn't selfless...but she is *strong* and determined to have what she wants, and that made me love her. Yes, she was a fool when it came to love, but I guess that is what love does to us. It can make a fool of even the strongest of people.

The movie was an emotional rollercoaster and I loved every moment of it.

I stayed up til midnight to watch it and will be tired tomorrow but, frankly my dear, I don't give a damn. 









 I haven't felt truly impressed in a while, so give it your best shot 



















 I am making a little monkey for a friend and I want to make a little bend in his legs so he can sit on edges on things. I dont really want 90, just a slight bend.

Any ideas on how can I do this without making two legs pieces and sewing them together? 




 Everyone in the world has one, I am sure of it, they just have to find them.

Who has found theirs? Were they cooler than you? How did you find them? 




 Not to judge or critique people's work, really. I just want to see what people have to share :) 









 As a book reader, I knew Sansa's mockingbird transformation was on the cards, so it felt nice and natural to me. 

Although, I have the benefit of having her inner dialogue in my memory to supplement the scenes in the show.

So, tell me, did it feel natural to you? Was her badass transformation expected or did it feel contrived in any way? There was only really a few minutes of actual screentime between Meek Sansa and Badass Sansa, so I wonder if that was enough... 




 I only discovered this sub yesterday, so forgive me if this has been asked before.

In my early teens I began writing a fantasy story that, I felt, had great potential. Unfortunately life got in the way and I have ignored it for a long time. I want to get back into it, but upon reread, some aspects seem a bit contrived and...well, cliche.

What are some top topics, character traits, plots, etc that I really should avoid if I want to write a fresh fantasy? 









 I am captain of an amateur women's netball team called the Mix-Ups and we are in need of some players.

We play every monday night at Toombul Indoor Centre with games starting between 6:00 - 8:15pm. 

It isn't a high-skill competition and we are all just in it for the exercise. Your skills can be old, rusty or non-existant; we don't mind as long as you have the enthusiasm!

Games are $14 each and that covers court hire, ref hire and sports insurance.

If you are keen, we have a game on monday night at 6pm. No commitment required. Just have a try and see if you like it :) 









 Who feels a sense of...emptiness after finishing a comissioned project?

It's like, "What do I do now?" 









 You don't get dust bunnies in your house...

you get yarn bunnies. 
























 Sometimes changes for the good are the one of the reasons we love our SO, but I also want to hear the bad changes too. 














 It tries to sound like a love song but it just comes off as creepy 




 Let the peer psycho-analysis begin! 
























 I like hearing the stories people have about small inanimate objects that show why they mean so much 




 Get it off your chest. We can stress about our burdens together :) 









 Hey Docs.

For a few years now I was under the impression that I had asthma. A doc in uni diagnosed me even after a few inconclusive tests (normal blood O2, good lung capacity, no lesuons in chest x-ray, no wheezing).

 I do have low stamina for cardio, I get short of breath at times when it really doesn't seem like I should ( laying down for bed, watching TV) and I have had two 'attacks' (both while doing exercise). A puffer helps but I don't feel immediate relief, it usually takes a while.

It has gotten to the point where I am almost always short of breath and have to make an effort to take a good deep breath. I rarely feel satisfied after a yawn and I find myself trying desperately to suck in a little bit more air just to feel like I have enough.

It is really starting to get to me and I have spoken to a GP and he says it is psychological and I am just getting myself worked up which makes it worse. Is he right?

Extra info:

24yo, female, healthy weight, good diet, exercise regularly, non-smoker, no bad habits, no allergies or other ailments. Only medication is the Pill. Live in a small city on the outskirts, minimal pollution 




 No Spoilers, to be safe.

For my birthday this year, I asked my dad for the Game of Thrones bookset. 

My father is a wonderful man, but has sometimes given me reasons to question his judgement...or at least his thought processes.

 One Christmas I wanted a copy of The Da Vinci Code that had all the pictures of the churches in it (I love Roman architecture). He couldn't find it, so he gave me a book of Da Vinci's writings and drawings.

Close enough.

Another year I asked for a hammock. I told him specifically the one I wanted and where to get it. He got me one completely different and not really what I was hoping for, but it had stripes like the one I pointed out so I just didn't have the heart to fault him on it.

One time, just randomly he bought me a spellbook. I have no idea why, it wasn't my birthday. To this day I have never read it.

Anyway, all of these things have been funny little events that lead to me possessing things I never thought I would, and me appreciating my dad just for the effort he puts in.


But this birthday, I was serious. I wanted that bookset. I needed it. So, I gave my dad very clear instructions. I told him Game of Thrones bookset. It is *this* big, *this* much money and you can buy it from *this* shop.

Noticed my mistake yet?

So my poor dad went off in search of The Game of Thrones bookset. He went to the shop and looked around. He looked and looked and looked. Finally, after what he said was about half an hour he gave up. He headed over to a table in middle of the shop. He picked up a big set of books and took a quick glance at the back. 

Dragons, knights, Queens and intrigue.

"This sounds like something YoureNotaGenius would read, I will get her this seeing as I can't find what she wants." And so he did.

Fast forward to my birthday and as I opened my present I noticed a look of apprehension my dad's face. I shrugged it off and kept opening.

I must have missed the look of confusion he surely would have had afterwards when I jumped up and gave him a hug, crying "Oh dad, it is *perfect*! Just what I wanted. Thank you so much!"

He finally got one right, and that was purely by chance. 
























 I am part of a ladies netball team that plays every monday and we are in need of enthusiastic -if not particularly skilled- players.

$14 a game. 
Toombul Indoor Centre.
Games usually between 6:45-8:30

No strong commitment necessary, just play when you can. 

















































 It is so humbling to have the parents of these kids think so much of our handmade gifts to bury their children with them. 

Thank you for sharing your story! It is both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time 




 I did stop! Somwonw else must be doing it :P

Best wishes for your nephew and I hope he gets well soon. Amigarumi toys make the best gifts! And they are easier than yiu would think. I only learnt to crochet about 2 years ago 




 I love crochet squids! I think one of those is going to be my next little project 




 Thanks. Keeping my fingers crossed fpr your niece 




 I am so sorry about your sister. But it is wonderful for you to spend your time making gifts that come from the heart for people in those situations 




 Thank you. I hopw your little one is doing OK now 




 What a heartbreaking story! Thanks for sharing. I hope that teddy brings you nothing but good memories and I am sure your sister would appreciate the blanket more knowing its origins 




 Sorry, I'll stop chopping them... 




 I'm sorry for the feels, but thank you :) 




 If only he had the chance to be loved to pieces :(

But I am sorry for the emotion avalanche. I just wanted to put this story out there and share it with people who truly understand 




 Thank you :)  




 Thanks :) 




 Man, I cried just writing this. It has been a hard couple of weeks. But things like this that I can think about make it a little easier. He was so adorable, and I am not biased at all! http://i.imgur.com/SfIHGvT.jpg 




 What's the rent like? 




 Earlier in the year I made an elephant for my newborn nephew. He was hands down the best amigarumi I had ever done: http://imgur.com/a/Sz1zZ.

My Sister in Law and her husband loved him and they were sure that as he grew up, my nephew would love him too.

However, my nephew was not a healthy baby. He was born with a very rare congenital bowel defect and was whisked off to intensive care the moment he was born. A few days after he came into the world, my husband and I met our newest family member and I was so excited to give him his little elephant. His mother gave him pride-of-place in my nephew's crib, nestled amongst the tubes and monitor wires near his tiny head.

It was such a bittersweet sight, seeing my tiny nephew railing himself against the defect he was born with whilst cuddling with a toy that I made so lovingly for him.

Unfortunately, like many stories, this one turned more bitter than sweet in the end.

After a heroic 6 week long struggle for life, my nephew passed away. His parents were with him...and so was his elephant. 

The funeral was heartbreaking. My nephew's coffin was so tiny, and looked even smaller in my brother-in-laws arms as he carried it into the chapel. I almost couldn't bear it...until my sister in law told me not to worry, because his elephant was in there with him. 

He loved his elephant, she told me, and he will be taking it with him into the next world. She asked if I was ok with that, and through my tears I was able to tell her that nothing would cheer me up more than knowing he wasn't alone in there. I made that elephant for him, no matter what.

My nephew was cremated the next day with his little elephant by his side. Although we are all now left with a gaping hole in our lives, I have at least found comfort in knowing that our special little fighter had something soft and loving with him til the end.


Sorry for the feel trip guys, but I just wanted to share this story with people I knew would appreciate it and understand.


Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. The pain of losing him hasn't lessened over time, but I am getting better at handling it. Bonus pic of my nephew telling us all to live with peace in our hearts: http://imgur.com/fsDnE65 




 *their? 









 And his wife? 




 Given the choice, I would rather not watch football, talk about fishing or play Xbox. But my husband enjoys those things, so I got involved with them too
 I picked a football team to follow, I got a fishing rod of my own and I learnt how to play COD. I do those things so I could spend time with him while doing them. I understand that this isn't realistic for all couples, but I just feel like if a partner has to lie or decieve the other one in order to find the time to do something they enjoy then there is a problem.

If I found out my husband was doing something like this (I am making the assumption that the wife knows nothing here) I would be disappointed in myself for being the type of wife that needs to be lied to. 




 Thank goodness. I thought I was doing it wrong there for a sec. I was thinking I would have to start forbidding gaming, withholding blowjobs and complaining about sports 




 Am I a strange wife for letting my husband play computer games if he wants? Unless we have plans to do things together, I don't care if he sits there and plays them. I am usually off playing one myself, or sitting there crocheting and watching him play 




 Damn! Imagine if this was an Olympic event! 




 Poo. 




 I just moved to Melbourne recently and I get the vibe that Flinder's St Station is seen as a major icon of the city, but to me it just isn't at the standard I expected. If it looked like that proposed design, it would be a splendid icon. It would be awesome and people would probably see it in the same light at the Opera House and flock to see it.

That being said, I would really rather not have to have a system where every now and then it takes me 3 hours to get home.  




 Man, look at that shitty photoshop. The river has never been that blue! At least make it realistic! 




 Instead, lift your knees a little by going up onto the balls of your feet while you sit. Not the same as squatting, but you'll have less broken rims 




 Digust is my spirit anim-....feeling?...little emotion person 




 Holy shit, that is so satisfying to look at 




 Am I the only one who doesn't piss my pants at the sight of spiders? 

This thing is adorable! Look at him dance! He he he  




 FreddyFeel*Bad*! 




 That is the type of yawn/stretch combo that leaves you thinking "hell yeah...that was a good one." 




 Warning though: Give your machine a rinse with vinegar before washing clothes with it. It gets soap scum off your barrel really well...and right onto your clothes 




 I have heard vinegar works well 




 How about this picture of a goat in a Christmas hat?

http://i.imgur.com/1PqRYqc.jpg 




 Just greener 









 Hey I totally agree...it sucks. But mine was actually a health issue. I was constantly getting painful, somwtimes infected ingrown hairs. I tried EVERY trick in the book: shaving, waxing, trimming, oils, creams, oitments with no relief.

It was also a source of constant embarrassment for me, so me paying that much money was 100% worth it. It has given me so much confidence. I can actually wear a bikini now!!!

I would also like to point out that laser is permanent. i will never have to wax agaim. That is $40 month for the rest of my life saved right there 




 I saw results after 1 session. I am now 3 sessions in and i have gone from shaving once a day and still having stubble to shaving once a week IF I remember. The hair is now light and wispy. 

I was one of those people who was a perfect candidate: dark hair, light skin, quick growing hair, so my results were bound to be good. 

I also got my bikini done which was the same story of coarse, dark hair and sensitive skin. I hadn't worn a bikini without boardshorts EVER but now, I am so happy to strut it.

All up I paid $740 for a years worth of treatment for both under arm and bikini, and with it only halfway done I am already feeling like it was worth every penny 




 I know this is probably not the kind of answer you are looking for, but I had terrible problems with shaving under my arms. My skin got so irritated, it got really pigmented and scarred.

So I got lazer hair removal and it is hands down the best decision I ever made. I am 6 months in, my skin is smooth, healing and I am no longer ashamed of lifting my arms in public.

100% recommend it! 

Plus, the price may seem steep at first but there are groupons available, payment plans, ete 




 I'm in Croydon South...it is pretty nice here :/  




 Meh. I'm a bookreader 




 I would still like to stretch them out over time. Why blow your load in one night when you can make the joy stretch out over weeks and weeks? 




 I decided to watch the first ep, but wait for the next 3. Otherwise I am just dooming myself to a month long wait for ep 5 




 Thith ith tho thoothing 




 Fun fact! 

I worked in a lab that helped Frazer out with his work. He (or his team) were sloppy at labelling samples and it was my job to go through our liquid nitrogen storage tank and toss out the 20+ year old samples of his that were inappropriately labelled.

Somehow I felt like I was destroying a part of history...but he was never coming back for them, so it had to be done. 




 I once had a whole carload of them come to our rural, quiet property....on Easter Sunday!....to try to preach to us. I had to run out and shoo them away before my dad could get to them because if he dealt with them it would not have been pretty. 




 My dad answered the door naked once.

He was never bothered again. 









 So let it faaaaaalllll 









 It was sold in a gaming store called EB Games here in Australia.  




 SO last year 




 It is the back of a notepad. No bacon :( 




 Here in Australia we have The Blue Mountains, The Snowy Mountains and the Great Dividing Range.

Imagination isn't too popular here either.

Oh, and let's not forget Mt Disappoinment! 




 Everytime I read it while taking a sip it makes me a little sad that I am at work and not at home playing video game 









 I work in a Histocompatibility lab! It reay is super fascinating and you would not believe the amount of people and effort that goes into each transplant 




 My husband and I split our chores 50/50. I appreciate him, he appreciates me. simple, really.

I also can't help but think that the "she leaves her family for you, moves in with you" is utter crap. Unless you live with his parents, he did the same thing! 




 Nope. 




 Lucy.

I was convinced the movie was about some poor girl taken in by a mad scientist and turned into a crazy assassin for a sick experiment.

Instead I got to see warthogs doin it. 




 Period pain. Light exercise always helps me 




 My 6 week old newphew passed away 2 weeks ago.

Definitely that. 




 Still not Facebook 




 \#repost 




 Gone Girl 




 He was probably asleep during them... 




 Titanic 2 




 I just don't get what this post is trying to achieve. Firstly, this isn't the 50's, women don't "give up everything" for their man, and secondly, who is saying that men aren't appreciative? It just seems like stirring up crap with no actual reason for it.

http://i.imgur.com/jMBbIt2.jpg

Sorry for screenshot! 




 I could almost guarantee no one would give a crap if this was in Australia 




 Same here!!! I had no clue til I found this sub.

And just look at me now, Ma! Moving up in the world!! 




 I haven't blocked any blankets I have made, but I do give them a wash before gifting them and that seems to be enough 




 Actually this pattern was only worked in rows, so I am not sure! 




 This took a lot less effort than you think. I wet the doily then laid out a towel on my carpet and pinned it down. Waited a day then voila!  




 Also made it heaps bigger! :D 




 Thanks :) 




 If it is still in packaging, I would think a hospital would take it? I dunno.

I want to say an orphanage...but I actually don't even know if they exist anymore 




 The cat got a new dog bed

FTFY 









 It is corner to corner box stitch. 
The yarns are just a collection of soft acrylic DKs I had stashed in my cupboard...all the cards are thrown out now sorry :/

Also, thanks :) 









 No, Vic 




 Opening round of the AFL, Lunar eclipse and half the country is out bush, Easter camping...you have no hope! 




 My friend posted this pic she took while bushwalking today. [Relevent?]( http://imgur.com/W20gfzz) 




 I am using a combo of DK yarns from my local craft store. I just grabbed whatever felt soft and was in the right colours. The stitch is a Corner to Corner Box stitch. I posted a pic of what it actually looks like from afar.

I am not using any specific pattern tho 




 Ha ha! Completely reasonable...and useful! 




 Fun Fact: We have a footballer here in Aus called Karmichael Hunt. I am sure he cops it a lot 




 Hey! That looks great. Still haven't got around to blocking mine yet :/

I didn't mention in my post but I also modded the last row coz I was running out of cotton! 




 Pineapple doily? 




 It is deceptive. It is a corner to corner block, taken diagonally.

http://i.imgur.com/543SSPL.jpg 




 I know! I tried so hard to take a straight pic but it is draped across a pillow and I was too lazy to get up and put it on a flat surface.

Tell your OCD I am sorry 









 That sub is incredible! Just look at all those happy people, so clearly thrilled to have finally found themselves. 









 Ha! Burn! 




 /r/beforeNafteradoption would love this! 




 ... 




 Littermates 




 Goddammit! You mock the guy ONCE in a text and your phone remembers his name and autospells it out to make you look like a damn fool!!!

Sorry people! I really don't like him at all 




 Because I'm feeling particularly self-righteous this evening, I wrote an email to the local prosecutor named on the docket for this case. And because posting it publicly makes me feel more important, here it is:


I love your honesty. 

Also, thumbs up on the letter. I feel the same as you when faced with something as ~~ludacris~~ ludicrous (I'm so sorry!) as this; overwhelmed with the burning desire to get involved 




 Ok, I imagined it...now what? 




 I joined somewhere around then too. Was so confused 




 [Oh what a difference a day makes]( http://i.imgur.com/ZOGRL45.jpg) 




 :) 









 Got a pic? 




 Corner to Corner Box stitch. Super easy and quick! I have since added 3 more colours, all greens 




 I am hoping I can ride the wave until at least it is big enough to be a shawl. Also, thanks :) 




 Was thinking of making it a blanket but that could change over time :P 

Deends on how quickly the new project feeling wears off 




 Yep :) 









 That was fun to read 




 This cat is more famous than I will ever be and all he had to do was be adorable and get stuck in boxes.

Closest thing I could ever hope for is horrified noteriety after a 'leaked' sex tape... 




 https://web.archive.org/web/20131127090123/http://cillesdoilies.angelfire.com/bluepineapples.htm 




 Hey! You didn't do anything! 




 Thanks! I have been told that I have excellent tension by a few people :)

In the crochet-world it feels like a pick-up line 




 That happyface on the end :) 




 After telling people I (a female) work in a hospital.

"Oh, are you a nurse?"

Bitch, I could be the head of neurosurgery. Don't just assume that since I am female and work in a hospital that I can only be a nurse.

I'm not actually head of neurosurgery, I am a Medical Scientist 




 That's some specious reasoning 









 Dat widdle paw lick! 




 To be honest I am not totally certain of cancer risks. I think it does all the depend on the cancer and if they are due to external or genetic risk factors.

Also, once you go through the first blood test you will go through a few more rounds of testing. You have to be crossmatched against the recipient a few times, and have confirmatory testing done too. We like to make sure we are 100% sure before ripping your organs out :P

As for the surgery itself, sorry I can't speak for that part...i am just a scientist
 




 I work in the lab that handles only the Histocompatibility, which we determine from blood. 

Each person has a "Tissue Type" which they inherit from their parents. That refers to a cluster of molecules called the Major Histocompatibility Complex. Essentially, these molecules help the body's immune system determine self from non-self. When you are being tested for compatibility, you are being tested to see what MHC molecules you have and whether they are the same as the recipient.

Now, in Solid organ donation, your Tissue Type is not the most important thing. You can still donate if you are not a match. Is it the case that just being the right blood group can mean you could donate. To explain this simply, the recipient is going to be on immunosupressants, that the body can't really recognise self from not self anyway.

That being said, doctors will try to match you as best as possible. Because a good matched organ is leas likely to cause the recipient to develop antibodies.

When your body is challenged with something foreign, it can develop antibodies against it, which will attack that thing the next time it enters your body.

Kidney recipients are usually very sick. They gets lots of transfusions. Transfusing blood challenges that person with something foreign, and they develop antibodies. Not all of these antibodies matter to us at Histocompatibility. We only care if they are antibodies that would specifically attack the organ we are trying to put in. We call those Donor Specific Antibodies. 

A recipient with no antibodies at all (unsensitised) would have a MUCH better chance than a person who has lots and lots of antibodies (sensitised) and if that person has lots and lots of DSAs, matching can be almost impossible.

For that reason and for those people, Typing becomes very important.

A sensitised patient could have so many DSAs that only 5% of the population would have a Typing that could "slip through the gaps" and be both compatible and not under the DSA umbrella. 

Once you take into account size, donor health, waiting time, etc a person could find themselves waiting a very very long time for that 1 in 10 person to match them.

Edit: I am on mobile so sorry if this is a bit garbled 




 I work in a lab that tests for compatability for Transplantations (not in the US). I can give you insight to the actual test, what it means to be compatible, and why kidneys can be so very difficult to match, if you are interested? 




 Flawless 


































 You have one shot at making them realise it was you, how do you make it count? 









 http://i.imgur.com/yLw1pmK.jpg

Edit: and the other misc objects around his face 




 My newborn nephew is in the Royal Children's Hospital, a month after being born with a rare bowel defect. His parents have just been told to expect their tiny fighter to remain there for 6-12 months. My heart is breaking for them, and I want to do something to support them, but don't know how.

Does anyone know which charities are best to help parents in this situation? They live local to the hospital, so accomodation isn't the issue. I just worry for their mental and emotional states and want to find someone who can help me make their lives a little easier.

Thanks 




 My husband dropped that one on me last night and I flipped my lid. I am nowhere near my time, so for me, having him say that was very hurtful. It showed a complete lack of respect for my feelings. It felt dismissive; as if any problem I had with him was only because I was full of hormones and thus not worth his time. I told him how very hurtful it was but he says he doesn't regret it.

Am I overreacting? 




 A world full of men, or a world full of women. Big changes and little ones. 

This is assuming reproduction is still possible, of course. 





























 For this moment in time, you are the sole reason for all these people to take the energy to think and type out nice things. You are central in their minds and all they want to do is make you smile. 

And no one can take that from you 




 Pebbles cereal. They were a cross between fruit loops and rice bubbles. Plus you got a Flintstones figurine in them 




 My husband's friend works at a local radio station and we call in requests all the time. Luckily we share excellent taste in music, so our songs invariably get played 




 This just makes me happy. Those horsies are gorgeous! /r/disney would LOVE this 




 I watched it for the first time other day and found myself wondering why on Earth it took me that long 




 My husband likes to fondly call me Cunt Rocket. 




 As an Australian coming to this thread:

Wut? 




 Is your Uncle Homer Simpson? 




 I love it, but I am curious to see how it looked with a darker background. More jungle-like, y'know? It would make the characters pop more I think 




 8 years old and got your period, you poor thing. What a nice lady! 




 "Put on a jacket"

Such a kind old lady thing to say. I hope to be one of those nice old ladies who just goes around telling people to put on a jacket or they'll catch a chill 




 Yeah, I was getting an asshole vibe from him, which is why I shut it down. No point in getting into arguments with people like that 




 I just don't understand your problem, so I am not going to bother.

You seem to have me pidgeon-holed as some man-hating feminist, and if you can jump to that conclusion after reading 2 posts then you can have fun with the rest of your judgemental life. I sure as hell wont be taking anything you have said to heart, or even remembering it when I wake up tomorrow. 




 I am going to assume that you have not experienced any of the type of catcalling I am referring to.

That single occasion wasn't the only time I have experienced something like that. I have been called a slut because I didn't respond to one man. I have been told I am ugly anyway because I didn't respond to another. 

So excuse me if I make a few assumptions about men who call out to women on the street. They aren't all out to rape me, but even if it is just a wolfwhistle, it is very clear that they just don't understand how stressed out it can make women feel. What if that simple appreciate wolfwhistle I ignore is just the prelude to something more horrible? I stick by my saying "most men" because if you are a man, you would have little idea of what it is like to have strangers ogle you, call out to you, or whistle at you since you were 13 years old almost *every* time you walk down the street. I have spoken to people about this and it is common for men I speak to about it to brush it off, calling it a compliment. I did not say most men DO call out, and I did not say most men threaten to rape me, I said most men think the mild forms of catcalling are OK. If this generalisation offends you then...well that's not my problem.

On top of this, I really don't appreciate you telling me "I hope you don't have sons". I probably will have sons and I will certainly make a point of teaching them what behaviours I feel are unacceptable, which I feel includes any kind of public singling-out of women based purely on their looks.

For the record, I never once went on about "the patriarchy, the patriarchy", "rape culture" or "male privilege". I simply shared my personal experiences. They aren't wrong and you can try all you like to dismiss them, but I will use them to teach my children what is acceptable and what is not. If you think that will mess them up, then I don't want to think about what you will teach yours 




 [More like this]( http://i.imgur.com/n8hWuBA.jpg) 




 Now kiss! 




 Morticia was my mum's idol. She used to dress like her, act like her, she even had the cane chair and would sit exclusively in it during dinner parties. To me this was normal, but soon I realised that no one else's parents dressed like vampires...and then I realised my mum was cooler than their mums 




 [This]( http://i.imgur.com/ENrIi97.jpg) ceiling?

I went there a few years ago and couldn't stop staring either. This is.my favourite pic from my holiday 




 [This shit](http://m.heraldsun.com.au/leader/outer-east/a-man-who-took-an-innocent-selfie-at-westfield-knox-has-his-image-splashed-all-over-facebook-by-a-mum-who-thought-he-took-photos-of-her-children/story-fnrwkhlp-1227342634069)

 




 If she were present... 




 Maybe so. I would not say most men do it, but I would say that an awful lot wouldn't see the wolfwhistling and shouts as inappropriate 




 I haven't seen much of the promos, but I did watch a news piece on them and was amused by the people who objected because the doco was "unflattering" to the town. 

Reality isn't meant to flatter, it just is. You can't sprinkle glitter on a turd and call it a diamond. If parts of your town are as bad as this doco makes them seem, then serious change needs to happen...and I am not talking about the show producers 




 Great read.

Time and time again it just floors me that most men think it is OK to shout things at women, even if they have a wife, gf, sister or daughter.

I was getting catcalls early in my teens because of my big chest, even when I was in school uniform. At first I was flattered, then annoyed, then eventually I found out what happened if I ignored these men...I was threatened.

Once, I was walking home from uni and was catcalled by a neighbor down the street. I ignored him...so he threatened to rape me.

What. The. Fuck?

I had to change my walking pattern home. I usually walked through a park with little lighting because it saved me 15mins...but I had to change that because some fat wank didn't get his ego stroked when I ignored his caveman-like advances.

It makes me sick, and I hope to one day have sons and show them just how horrifying this behaviour is. Maybe change will come eventually. 




 IMHO, you are an asshat 




 Goes to show how little time he has for those type of shennanigans 




 "Here, lemme just-"

"No!" 




 One time, sitting out the front of my house in rural Queensland Australia, I was absentmindedly staring at the trees across my yard when suddenly, one of the branches moved.

For some stupid reason my brain instantly decided there was a monkey in our tree, but then I remembered I was in Australia, so it changed and decided it was our cat.

We don't have a cat.

It took one more moment, during which my brain contemplated the possibility of ninjas in our tree before the branch moved again and I realised I was looking at one of [these]( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Tawny-frogmouth.jpg).

I am not a smart woman sometimes 




 Tis but a fleshwound! 




 Dueling Domes 




 Do you cut an X in the top? I cut a shallow X in the top of mine before I steam them.and they take even less time 




 I would even be OK if it were a cartoon. They vould really do the funny scenes then without blowing a budget on CGI 




 Cutting Circles? 




 The discoverer of the "messages" is never going to be believed again. 

"Guys! Alien signals!"

"Pfft...yeah dude. Right. Sure it isn't the toaster this time?" 




 OMG that makes me so happy! Thank you 









 Regicide can apply to other members of the Royal fam, tho....so I might get a little out of the way before they get me.

If you can get me on that throne, I will give you the best appartment in the city! 




 I don't know much about the exact lineage, but if a whole lotta members of the Dutch Royal Family all died at once, I could ascend the throne.

...now excuse me while I go commit mass regicide 




 *And nor do I 




 That's not laziness! That is just being practical and efficient 




 Woof. 




 We bought a good one....my house is just very long. There are 5 rooms between our bedroom and the study 









 Kangaroos are larger mostly, and because they are so large their legs are more out of proportion to their [bodies]( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000jBZey4p.gYg/s/750/750/AUS-05-11-05441.jpg). Wallabies have shorter, more compact legs.
Wallabies are also a little more drab in their coats, and slightly shaggier. A roo will be almost shiny 




 Leprechaun orgy 




 Who let this guy in? 




 People just don't make stuff like this anymore. It's gorgeous! 




 Gping on Chat Rooms and having creeps try to cyber me 




 Wood you guys cut it out! 




 I can't help but giggle at dogs with nub tails, even though I know they aren't natural. 

Happily though, docking of tails and ears is illegal here in Australia 




 I have no idea how someone could ever clip those ears. Look at them!!! 




 I have been told he is a Dobermann 




 Ha ha ha nice toes! He doesn't look impressed

But yeah, maybe the same breed! 




 I'm not certain sorry. He is my friends' pup 









 I like the cute one who looks from one side to the other 




 No-one....that you know of 




 Cool! Thanks :)

Did you use a cotton? 




 Love it! Defs going to give it a go.

Question, do you find the "neck hole" to be too big? It looks like it might slip off your shoulders there 




 ...I do 




 Probably coz it's a French word 









 So the principal can kick her ass, right? 




 IM PENGUIN? 




 I just watched the episode with Little Dude and was struck by the strong resemblance between him when possessing the bun guy and Susan Strong

Maybe a coincidence, and I haven't got any substance to this theory...but I feel like there is a link


http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130205230054/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/d/d3/Adventure_Time_-_Little_Dude_007_0004.jpg

http://oi45.tinypic.com/16iihdh.jpg 




 Are you kidding?

It looked just like [this]( http://www.malteseworld.com/images/Holly's%20Show%20Girl%203.jpg) 




 This has been my aim from the get-go. Persistance pays off I suppose 




 It feels...nice.

The comment in question was a good one. Nothing weird, NSFW or /r/nocontext worthy, so I can feel good about it I guess? 




 Marvelous! 









 I was sure it was a gif for a good 30secs 




 I see what you were going for, but....no 




 D: 




 You got it. I do enjoy a bit of embellishments when I tell a story. I most definitely would have kept the pup if I could have, but I would have felt insanely guilty if I never made an attempt to find an owner 




 He is the better half of us. I am sure I would have eventually tried to find the owner, but at that first moment, I was tempted 




 :( 




 While I can't warn you off our Foxihuahua, because he is a gentleman, I can say that you do not want out Foxi Russell. She is a bitch. [Total bed hog](http://i.imgur.com/LyZIAz7.jpg), needy, annoying and dumb as a brick. 

Please don't steal my dogs :( 




 My dogs are bonkers for popcorn. I am afraid that one day they will discover that *other* people have popcorn too and will totally bail on me 




 Good work! Keep it up 




 I'm no saint...I was sold on keeping the little fuzzball 




 I have only been with 2 and I am married. More would have been nice, but I have made my choice.

15 is hardly a big number, and even if it was, so what? Life is fun, sex if fun, people are fun....go have fun! 




 It is a puppy thing usually. Older dogs don't get them as much 




 A comment I wrote a while ago to another post:


One day, my husband and I were out the front of our house when a little streak of white came out of nowhere and disappeared under our car. After a little bit of coaxing and calling, I pulled out the smallest, most frightened ball of fluff ever. Poor little pup was shaking so bad. He didn't have a collar on, and he was so cute and frightened I instantly decided that he was mine. My husband, however, was more practical and insisted I take him to a vet to check for a chip. Reluctantly, I did, and unfortunately there was a chip. It was registered to an address right around the corner from ours.

With a heavy heart and an armful of wiggly, fluffy puppy I went home and then set off down the street. As I turned the corner I saw a girl in her mid teens sitting out the front of her house, crying. As I walked up she looked at me and then her face lit up with the most joyous smile. With no hesitation I handed back the fluffball and the girl burst out with tears of joy.

Man, I wish I could have kept that puppy, but no amount of tiny puppy kisses were worth having to see a heartbroken girl mourning the loss of her new friend. 

TLDR, found puppy, found microchip, found joy in returning it to its owner


Edit: I am going to be one of those people who say "Holy cow! My first gold!" Thankyou anonymous stranger for popping my gold cherry! 




 "I don't think you're a waste of space." 




 Way I see it, if you are asking "Do I need a lawyer?" you *need* a lawyer 




 Marvelous 




 I like that one where he looks at Littlefinger like "Dafuq, did you just that?!" 









 We had a hoarde of staffies growing up...buff dogs are the best dogs :P 




 Looks at those muscles! What a sweetheart 




 Not once, in the whole song 




 And here is the owner being reunited with them:

http://imgur.com/JLG7tgG 




 Oh my sweet summer child. If you think this story is going to have an LSH ending, you haven't been paying attention 




 But she gives away free shit...so she must be OK 




 Was it teetertottering back and forth? Because I am imagining that now 




 Great explanation! 




 ERRYBODY LOOK LIKE ANTS! 




 Wasn't it because he was very sick? 




 Mmmm. Yes, indeed. Quite 




 But then it does give us little gems like "Not today" 




 *And there are many paths to tread* 




 Now I imagine a pie with a sausage poked into it and it is just silly 




 Thanks for the new background! 




 n 




 Cheerleader - Omi

'She don't make me feel like cheatin'"

Wut. 




 No. 




 My husband scared me the other day by coming home early, while I was in the middle of vaccuming. I didn't know he was in the house until I turned around and saw him standing in the doorway of the room I was in.

My immediate reaction? I screamed and fell to the floor.

Yeah, great reflexes there train_subject889. You'll do real well in the Zombie Apocolypse 




 Condition: Fabulous! 




 Potato gems. 

If there is a person in this world who doesn't like potato gems...I don't want to know them! 




 That would make a good swaddle 




 My husband would probably react by punching the thing that scared him like this, so it would end badly for me 




 I asked God why he took my mother away from me...and no one answered 




 I throw in some variety when I do it:

Take him as deep as you can and hum

Massage the bottom of the shaft with your tongue as you suck

Give his balls some attention. Fondle, tickle, or even just cup them

Put your hands on his hips and rub/massage him or pull him towards you 




 I have lived longer with my mum dead than with her alive...and I am slowly forgetting everything I remember about her 




 Look at that adorable half-assed attempt to be vicious! 

...rarr...rrrrarr 




 This advice is the best advice. 

You don't need a partner to be happy, you need to be happy to get a partner. 




 Oh man, I would never tolerate a biter. It's not cute, it's bad parenting. 

My foxihuahua is friendly but territorial. If he doesn't know you, you are the enemy and will be barked into submission...but if you are friend, he is all over you. You WILL be his best friend, whether you like it or not. 




 Poor chihuahuas...they get such a bad rap! I have a foxihuahua and he is, like 50% good manners, 40% timidness and 10% vibrations.

Here he is looking fly in his puffy coat:

http://i.imgur.com/NPHOr7d.jpg

His name is Marty McFly 




 Hagrid is that big, awesome uncle that everyone wishes they had. 

The image of him carrying Harry out of the forest, thinking he had died just shattered my heart.

If he had died in the books I would have gone on such a rampage 




 Sounds like normal highschool drama to me

...except for the murders 




 I love it but can I suggest that the L be taller? Kinda looks like an i 




 Kinda would have given away his whole ruse though...if someone discovered that he used the name of the guy he supposedly hated and killed? 




 I figured that the gargoyles just let Harry in, despite that not being the password. He earned it 




 Aww, sorry :( Have you tried Amazon? 




 No. 4 Nothing but eyes in a box 




 Yump yump yump yump 




 Whackos? 




 Simpsons reference.

Lisa boycott's Homer's BBQ and suggests they serve no meat 




 I think you can in Europe 




 They wanted people to do that 




 I lack the urethral dexterity to pull that off 




 Has anyone been able to find the perfect thing to say? 




 Oooh that's a nasty one. Practically a death sentence! 




 I heard she said that he cancer was in her brain....then her liver, then her uterus, and then her blood. 

How did no one pick up that she was a bullshitter earlier?! 




 Nah he just kept puffin 




 Look at that tum tum! 




 :( 

That is sad. We at least had some time with our little one. His parents held him a few times, but I only got to on the day we went in to say goodbye. He wasn't awak though 




 Cardboard boxes are the best! 
























 Lemme guess, Australian? 




 Please tell me what you did to get this infection, so I know never ever ever to do that thing 




 Ow. 




 Vomiting up an empty stomach just compounds the misery. That does sound brutal 




 I suppose it would be better to just get a bop on the head when you break a bone and wake up when the morphine has kicked in.

 A girl I know fractured her ankle playing netball and was crying and vomiting with pain. It took 2 cute paramedics and a morphine whistle to get any kind of calm about her. 

I hope never to break a bone. 




 I haven't even broken a bone or had a baby yet, so I have a feeling I don't actually know what real pain is 




 Like we have with the show. It'll be fun to come here and talk about what happens in each chapter. Maybe it'll keep me from smashing the book in 2 days and missing all the tidbits. 




 Heh radical 




 I don't expect it to last...and when they can do break up again I just have to bite back my "I told you so" and be sympathetic again 









 To give people the feeling that they are doing something by doing nothing 




 I am so happy there are people like you to help lazy people like me 




 My husband likes to fondly call me Cunt Rocket.

And when he is asking me if I want to get some drinks, he asks me if I am getting on the cunt tonight.

Our relationship is weird 




 I admit, it wasn't continuous work...I had a few breaks but yeah, it is just part of my work. 

I am a Transplant Scientist. We do the workups for Cadaveric Organ Donors and like last night, we can often have 2 donors in one night (a single donor takes about 7 hours). I was On Call and that means I work my normal 8 hours and then if any donors come that night, I do them too. 

So I left for work at 6:45am on Wed and got home at 8 this morning...and slept til 4. 









 I am not a boating person, but who doesn't have their anchor attached at all times? 




 http://adventuretime.wikia.com/wiki/File:You're_not_-_A_Genius_001.JPG 




 Gabba 




 Thanks. He is a snuggle pie. Definitely takes advantage of warm laps and half-finished blankets :) 









 This is what I was picturing:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/36bnvu/z/creji47 




 This was what struck me first. With all the quiet, mysterious dignity the priests of the many-faced god possess, I am sure it would come crashing down each time they have to wrangle out the big ladder. I just imagine them yelling at eachother, trying to coordinate a big pole with a hook on it which they use to get the faces at the tippy-top.

"No Hank! The other old lady! The one with the big-ass mole."

"I can't bloody see the mole Bill, it's dark as shit up here!" 




 I did say something to some kids the other day, and so did another lady. 

As expected, it didn't do shit 




 Ha ha, yeah maybe a little wait 




 He'll probably return with a handmade jumper :D 




 Yes! Look at those cold lifeless eyes! 




 Now I am just imagining a Machamp with a Magikarp's face 




 Just calling 'em like I sees 'em. I'm sure you have many other redeeming qualities...burliness, for example.

Just don't come to Australia though...it is actually illegal here for a fisherman to catch a carp and release it again. They are supposed to kill them on site  




 This works because carp are [ugly mofos](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Carpe_miroir_de_17kg.jpg) 




 In Melbourne it is free, and you are allowed to park on the footpath as long as it isn't blocking the way 




 One can only hope that anything we make lasts long enough to be loved to death 




 Buried under handmade blankets. Send help.


And by help I mean a cup of tea and maybe a muffin. 




 Ringwood East. Across the road from the train station :) 




 This place is literally around the corner from my house. It's dangerous. Although this time I was able to resist because I had already spent my money on a fabulous sequined jumper from the 80's 




 Nothing but patterns, baskets of yarn, doilies, throws, lace, fabric... 









 Yeah I was going to delete it but I decided not to let it bother me that much 




 Turns out that any image posted anonymously can't be edited :( 




 Thanks but I think being on my mobile makes it not work for me :/ Oh well, I'll just stay on this sinking ship I guess 




 Can I? Great. Maybe then people will lay off.

Edit: I have no idea how :( 




 No idea. I assumed he could do it when he reposted. It is exactly the same as his title, so maybe it just does that? I honestly did not write it 




 Mine too. Mind you, in most cases my car could barely achieve 1km over the speed limit. 




 *sigh* yes. He clearly did it to draw people to my post and start berating me...which is exactly what happened.

If you feel the need to go on about hypocrisy I suggest you go to his repost and tell him all about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/melbournecirclejerk/comments/368zpu/spotted_another_privileged_bourgeois_child/

I do not feel that I have been hypocritical in my comments 




 It is my picture. This is my original post. Sixteen_kebabs reposted 




 OMG. Ok let me explain this clearly.

I took the picture. I posted it to r/melbourne. U/sixteen_kebabs reposted my pic with that caption in r/melbournecirclejerk.

SO...when you criticize the "person who took the picture" you are criticizing me...when I have made no mention of having an iPhone 




 That's not my caption! sixteen_kebabs reposted my picture with that caption 




 Save room for your door 




 If you have been linked here from /r/melbournecirclejerk know this: I DID NOT WRITE THAT CAPTION! 




 Oh, I see. Someone from /r/Melbournecirclejerk has linked you here.

I DID NOT write that caption! 




 Can I clarify that I never initially meant this to be about the bank account of the car owner. As my title suggests, I was merely referring to the *power* of the car and expressing my feeling that a Learner probably shouldn't be at the wheel of something with so much oompf.

I am perfectly aware that rich kids need to learn and their parents' car is usually the most available car. I am not specifically attacking the wealthy. If this were a turbo skyline or a massive V8 I would have the same qualms. I feel that driving a car with power should come later in life, not when you are still learning.

I am not sure where this "exploiting labour'' comment came from either. I never once wrote that

 




 I don't understand where that quote is coming from...I never wrote that 




 Where does the original person claim to be using an iPhone and where does it say that they were complaining about using the exploits of labour? Are we reading the same comments?

I did take the pic...with my Galaxy S5. I was merely trying to point out that a Learner driver probably shouldn't be driving such a powerful car. I wasn't trying to make this about people's wealth 




 Uhh no.

I have a Galaxy...which I paid for myself, and unless you are sitting in a cave Redditing via smoke signals, you can't say much about people using technology.

Edit: Pay attention to usernames people! The comment he referred to is not mine, hence my confusion 




 I wasn't meaning difficult 




 I don't buy drugs tho.... 




 You not being in it would be a good start. 




 Says the person trying to convince me that I am wrong 




 Keep trying 




 For a person claiming not to be dumb you sure are making a good show of it 




 Yeah...I don't have a Daewoo. What a terrible attempt to be a wanker 




 I agree with you mostly. You can't automatically assume that an owner of a car with power is a bad driver, but putting a bad driver in a car with lots of power it a very bad idea. It usually makes a bad driver worse.  




 Well I am not sure if a Learner was actually behind the wheel of this one but it was roaring off and weaving through traffic like most idiots who own too much power. If it was a Learner he has bad habits already, and if it was the owner then he certainly doesn't seem like he will be teaching his child the proper road rules if he can't use them himself. 




 I was wondering that about Learners. Stupid rule 




 What kind of person trusts a 16 year old with that much power? That is a very fast way to lose your car and your Learners permit

Hijacking my top comment to point out that the title you all see is not my original title. I did not write it. Imgur automatically filled in the title after /u/sixteen_kebabs reposted my pic. For further info, see here  https://www.reddit.com/r/melbournecirclejerk/comments/368zpu/spotted_another_privileged_bourgeois_child/. So please stop accusing me of hypocrisy 









 **thinks 









 "Yeah, if you could get that camera out my face and let me nap, that'd be great." 




 No,  just hand done :) 









 I'm on mobile and it was a bit laggy. As the foil got flipped the video cut out and went black. Confused the shit out of me 




 I deliberately misread.


Context: I work at a Transplantation lab. On Call at my work involves coming in and crossmatching blood of a deceased donor with recipients. If I were to misread a result, the wrong recipient could recieve the wrong organ...and could die. If I were to do that deliberately it would be a one-way ticket out the door 




 I know right? I am just crossing my fingers that easy births run in the family 




 None taken. We scientists are a weird lot. Quite a few of us say "huzzah!" when things go well in the lab.  




 I haven't even got kids yet, and I am already looking forward to getting my tubes tied 




 I actually am. I kid you not 




 Yeah, great contribution there. 




 Man, what an absolutely stupid thing to get annoyed about 




 That ship has sailed unfortunately. She has her tubes tied and he has the snip.

No more bebbehs, even for science.

Which is a shame coz I am a scientist, so you know it would have been a quality experiment 




 Ignorance and conspiracy theories?

Little extreme for simply believing that this was advertising.

Unless you are being silly. In which case, ha? 




 That is a great looking tree. 




 When pregnant with her 3rd, my sister just woke up in the middle of the night and thought "hmm...I think I am in labour." Not wanting to push her luck because her 2nd only took 2 hours they bundled into the car and drove to the hospital (20min drive). She walked up to the counter and told the nurse she was in labour. The nurse, of course, saw no reason to hurry and actually told her to go home. My sister persisted, so they started to walk her down to the birthing suite. After 5 or so steps her waters broke and 7 minutes later my neice was born.

It all happened so quickly my BIL almost missed it. I can only hope I have it that easy when I have bebbehs 




 Where was that attitude when the Boltons were rustling her jimmies? 




 Hey, I was convinced it as Lion King too!
It isn't hard to be nice while proving someone wrong, and if you are it'll just make them more open to changing their opinions 




 You just keep digging that angry little hole there champ 




 Who doesn't? 




 And, on the flipside, we have people who riddicule others because they don't recognise the works of some street artist. 




 Here we go. I think we can decide it is this Sunfigo character:

http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7605/16727638530_bf155543d2_m.jpg 




 I am going to be a little nicer about it and show you this picture:

http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7605/16727638530_bf155543d2_m.jpg

I just did some light sleuthing and it seems this Sunfigo guy uses this image a bit 




 Corner of Spencer and Batman 




 No, this one is on the corner of Batman and Spencer 









 I only just moved here 6months ago, so I am not familiar with everything this fine city has to offer. 

We will be based in the Eastern suburbs and don't want to blow our life savings 




 Morphine is a cruel mistress.

My mum popped them like candy towards the end (Metastatic Ovarian cancer). One day, I think it was Mother's day, I gave her this cute little swan dish for her to keep her tablets in. Shit man, I just think that's messed up for an 8 year old to deal with...and I'm the one who dealt with it.

Glad you got to have at least that small something from her. It does help a bit
 




 Touche 




 ...no 




 I meant, you were trying to somehow blame an unrelated occurance on "female privilege" and your name suggests you are a virgin. Maybe the two are related... 




 Thanks :) 




 Why? 




 She was 12 




 Croydon ringing in!

http://i.imgur.com/HOL0dY6.jpg 




 My mum passed in '99 when I was 9. She left my sister and I a letter, full of all her hopes and dreams for us and helpful advice. It was tough reading it, but it made me smile....except at the end.

It was never finished. It just cuts off after a little paragraph about how swearing is for dumb bunnies. She must have died before being able to finish it.

I'll never know what else she intended to say, but I try to live by her words as much as possible.

Except for the swearing thing. Curse words are the spice of life. 




 What you commented, in combo with your username, paints a very clear picture 




 I knew nothing about your original post, but I was instantly able to tell this was in Australia. Both from your clothes and that gorgeous view. Is that NSW? 




 Jokes on you, I sleep on an ensemble. You must be tiny 




 Take that back or I'll kill you! 




 I love this. Adult Finn is such a badass 




 Not really contributing to your point, but I just loved how Dany was "we gon get hitched. No arguments" and Hizzazz Kravitz just stared dumbly. I felt kinda bad for him, like maybe he already had a fiancee and Dany just shat all over their wedding plans 




 I understand that, but instead of validly calling out people on shitty behaviour, half the comments are just about women-hating.
 /r/theredpill is even worse

I just think that things like these just purpetuate the problem. Maybe if men stopped claiming that women only did these things/got away with these things because they are women, instead of just assholes then these women might stop trying to use that as an excuse 




 Right? She is just back where she started, getting hitched to a lunatic...cept now she has some bitchin new threads 




 The hype of last season when she came down the stairs and said "shall we go?". 

Last year everyone thought that was the start of her getting her littlefinger on 




 I just feel like she hasn't really achieved the level of sass and manipulation that I was expecting. She hasn't really done much at all except look aloof and cold. 

I love sassy book Sansa, but cold show Sansa just doesn't do it for me. 




 My dad raised my sister and I from early teens after my mum passed. 

One afternoon, a few days after he and I went out for lunch, an acquaintance of his came up to him and said "Who was that hot young thing you were with the other day?"

My dad said it took every ounce of my his self-control not to punch the guy as he told him "that was my daughter you sick fuck."

Single dads must cop it so bad 




 Subs like that are a jokes. What about just labelling all the people in there as horrible people....why do they have to be horrible *women*?

Plus, some of the vitriol spewing out of the subscribers sometimes makes me wonder if it is truly one sided. 




 He might later 




 No heavy flaying within 30mins of eating 




 My husband says this to me all the time, and my response is almost the same as Sam's.

I may be intelligent, but some days it is a goddamn miracle I make it through the day without walking into oncoming traffic. My husband isn't well-educated but he just *understands* the world so much more than I.

Combined, we are an unstoppable duo and our children will be geniuses.


...or...y'know, have the IQ of wet sock 




 Yes but I can pick my dogs up by the scruff and put them outside if they annoy me.

Can't do that with kids 




 When I smile a really big smile, I show a lot of gum....and I hate it. I was always self-concious of it until I met my husband. He likes it. He likes that it means he has really made me laugh when he see my gums, and makes it his personal mission to make me "gummy-smile" as often as possible 




 I'm going to make the call here and say it was deliberate 




 This makes me so anxious. I want to have kids but I also really really don't want little monsters jumping on my exposed crotch 




 I am female and I have one of those alarms somewhere, but honestly if I heard one going off in my street I would probably ignore it, paying it off as a car alarm or some punk kids. I put zero faith on the thought of someone running to my rescue upon hearing it 




 I am so glad to see that I have seen almost none of these movies 




 My husband still wont let me forget taking him to see that one. He was not prepared 




 For some horrifying reason, I remember watching this as a kid 




 Hey, fuck you guy! 









 Maybe the same reason why there is nothing on his roller...its a set-up 




 In what world is calling somone a cunt a fair critism?!

The tweet isn't even about her writing 




 Deep 




 My dad always just got two Father's Days. He has been a mother and a father to me for 15 years...he deserves 2 days. Helps makes Mother's Day easier 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/uglyduckling/comments/2gqjzj/smiling_and_being_happy_made_most_of_the/

Well, seeing as 14 year old me couldn't get a date and 24 year old.me is married, I would say the response was positive 




 Yes 




 Find a restaurant she likes and see if they have gift vouchers. You can usually print them at home 




 Bad AskReddit questions 




 But she said nothing about a milkshake... 




 Play online chess, bake some cookies, find out the lyrics to that old song you like and learn them off by heart, eat all the cookies, learn how to draw a human eye, pick a year in history and learn everything notable that happened that year 


































 My friends live out of town but their family still lives near us, and every 2nd weekend they come down and hang out at ours for Xbox, pizza and drinking. They then sleep over. Adult sleepovers are the best!! 




 They didn't really cut him out. He just wasn't a kitten 




 Goddess 




 "Must kill Snow. Weeeee! Must kill Snow. Weeeee!" 




 What about that creepy guy who is just standing still in each of your photos, staring...just staring 




 Not a great site for mobile 




 It's hard to tell how far inland the water actually goes. Of course they would be mostly under but they do tend to span inland a bit. They might be salvagable. Canberra would be high and dry 




 Australia gets off pretty lightly! We get an inland sea again 




 Those ear wiggles! 




 I wasn't trying to take a stab at salaried workers, sorry for making it seem that way. I just know what it is like to have a shitty (casual) retail job and have to stay back...but I did get paid for that time. If yiu don't get paid for 1 or more hours extra work it must suck. An extra 10 mins though, unpaid can't be so bad though 




 I think someone didnt like something I said and is downvoting everything. Ahh well. And nahh, Australia 




 Medical Science, Transplantation. 




 She is a medical scientist 




 That does sound like it sucks, and I am not being sarcastic. But it boggles me to think that you would not.be paid for that time. I have worked 7 retail jobs and not one made me work extra and not paid me for it 




 ...no 




 Exactly right 




 I am 4 years in and I am on $72-78k a year depending on call-ins. 




 We do have a LOT of checks,second checks and safeguards in place. 




 It isn't logistically or financially possible to have it any other way. A very large number of important decisions are made by tired people...but they are foremost professionals. We know what we are doing...even if we dont know what day of the week it is 




 Histocompatibility...but close enough. You know what's up 




 Ok, I will 




 Specifically, look in to Tissue Typing or Histocompatibility if you want to know what I do 




 You do get used to it. I was tired but still pretty functional. I have faith in the results I put out. I am, after all, gambling my career on them being correct 




 We are Med Scientists. On Call at crazy hours is all part of the job. Doctors need results and it ain't machines that give it to them. It is people. The hours are long and hard but we get good $$$ 




 I don't feel like what I said was a complaint. I love my job, I get paid well but the hours are hard sometimes. People who do an easy job with easy hours and complain because they have to stay late with a customer annoy me because they have it easy.

A hard job isn't a horrible job 




 No one is forcing them to do their jobs either... 




 We have 2 people on at once to safeguard from errors. No one had died from human errors.

And to answer your question, there is simply no other way 




 I am required because I am On Call. It is part of the job 




 I didn't bitch. I love my job. I was trying to prove that the other people complaining dont have it half as bad 




 Man, I have really stiff coil over suspension...any bump is Mt Everest for me 




 I had to come into work last night, after working 8 hours, to work for another 10 hours. By the time I got home I had been awake for 27 hours. And the work I do, if you screw up...you could kill someone.

So excuse me if I don't shed a tear for you retail workers who have to work 10 minutes over time because someone needed toilet paper real quick. 

Edit: Of course I get paid well for my time. I work hard in uni, worked hard to get where I am and worked hard to get good pay for overtime. I also worked retail when was young. It was easy but I complained about it because I didn't understand what a difficult job was. I was just trying to point out that if a retail job making you stay back 10 mins is the worst thing in the world for you, no matter the pay, then maybe you aren't cut out for a more stressful job 




 http://imgur.com/IjVFeLW 




 My husband and I have agreed that we have ruined eachother for any hope of returning to the dating pool and therefore must stay together 




 I make a massive point of saying "Oh, never mind, I will go somewhere else then" at places like that. Eftpos minimums will cause you to lose my business 




 I managed to take this photo of [Mike's Dave]( http://i.imgur.com/8Z0piPJ.jpg)  before the guard yelled at me. Does that count? 




 Lois 




 SVU 




 O 




 As time goes by you come to realise she actually wasn't totally horrible. I hated her as a kid, love her as an adult 




 My friends and I (2 med scientists, 2 med students and a researcher) all went to see it together. The confused, angry silence that followed was very long. We just couldn't comprehend that much stupid 




 I had a steak too...with garlic mushroom sauce. Shit yeah.

Edit: Then a 7 hour call in to work. Haven't slept in 28hours!!!!!!$#!$#! 




 I don't believe in many things, so consider yourself lucky! 

As a side note, while I am assuming your name is meant to be "frogger"..I pronounce it "furrgurr" in my head 




 So what about the people with prams that are really easy to set up? Or people who take the spot when the rest of the carpark is available? Or if they decide not use the pram and instead just decide to carry the baby? Or what about all the mothers who take up all the spots leaving other mothers in the lurch?

The point I am trying to make is unless there are clear rules, enforced and punishable you don't have to do shit. The world doesn't owe you anything because you have a pram.

It's not law. It's nice, but not required 




 So what if a woman with no children in her car, just the seats or kids without a pram take it up? Are they cunts too? 




 Just buy a cheap baby seat and chuck it in the back.  




 I knew you were joking :/ 




 I see it more as a guideline.

It's nice to take another spot if you find one, but I sure as shit am not going to drive around for 1/2 an hour and then park on the street because some parent might show up and want it. As with he case of many parents I see park there, they don't even use a pram! Their kids are walking around. Free game I say 




 ...I usually am. If it is just a chuckle you get a "hehe" and just a smile will definitely get you a :) 




 Even if you did it on purpose or not...if they catch you at it you are fault 




 But that's the point...the park spot thing isn't a rule 




 I said in another comment somewhere that I would be interested to see the wording on his page. If it says "will go to charity" he is a scumbag. If it says "help with costs associated with treatment and if some is left over, it will go to charity" you can't get too up in arms. It might have been very losely worded 




 You are totally right...which is why I don't donate unless there is clearly written outlines about where the money is going. Sure a person who lies and pockets the money is a scumbag...but you can't get all in a tizzle if you didn't investigate the "charity" further. 




 Not being a lawyer, I am interested to know how you can show "intent" through losely worded promises. 

It just seems that it would be harder to claim that they were definitely going to donate the money unless it was in writing. Feels like he said, she said.

That's why I thought the wording would be interesting to read. It it clearly says "will go to charity" he hasn't got a leg to stand on 




 It would be interesting to see what the page actually says. Wording is key 




 Big big big piece of information you definitely needed to include.

I still say though that unless this was all in writing or clearly laid out in a way that would be usable in legal action I don't know if there is much to be done. 

Is a dying wish a binding contract? Idk 




 Literally, the worst 




 Oh man, people I don't know being in my front yard is infuriating! Like, people who park out front so they can visit the neighbours...argh! We start mowing our lawn when they do that. They usually come out and move it pretty quickly 




 I don't see it as stolen if they willingly gave it "for treatment". If she died, she obviously can't get any more treatment but then thar just means the only condition for use of the money is now void. He is under no obligations 




 [What about this one?]( https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/37lwhm/meet_button_she_is_fluffy/) 




 Deserve what? Did they give expecting it to come back and benefit them? Or was the money given under the strict stipulations that it be given back if she died?

If my husband died, I might want a holiday too. Losing a loved one is the worst, supportive friends would understand that grieving takes time...and sometimes money 




 I can't crochet with that sort of racket going on!


Which is funny because I actually do crochet 




 It is. We really only care about skill and effort in our workplace. Of course, in any workplace it is hard to go off and have kids then expect everything to be exactly the same when you return, but it certainly isn't held against you. Because our industry moves and develops at a very quick pace, most women do need retraining to get the back up to speed, but I certainly haven't been denied training because I am married and of childbearing age. They make do with who they have, when they have them, for as long as they have them 




 After my mum died the whole town rallied and had a fundraiser for my dad, sister and I. People need to think morr about the living than the dead in times like that. Who knows what kind of debt her illness left him with. What if he relied on her income? She might not have had health insurance. 
So the money was for treatment...now it'll be for the funeral costs, medical expenses and helping this dude actually move on with his broken life. 

If there was fine print to all those peoples' generosity and he has broken that, then fine....but personally you would have to be heartless to ask for him to give it up 




 I haven't actually...but the Med Science industry is about 70:30 women to men. Even people going on maternity leave aren't screwed over. Helps having all female bosses at least 




 Get off my lawn! 




 [Taters gonna tate]( http://36.media.tumblr.com/029085d4255aa22009e7f950f8f3785c/tumblr_nds8h9VbPG1ra2r1bo1_500.jpg) 




 I hate the idea of judging people by the way they look, but there are some people who just look like trouble. These boys look like trouble 




 Entering HLA (Human Leukocyte Antigen) results into a computer.  




 For a few of them you could just get the other half tattooed on yourself 




 My mum used to always say "Swearing is for dumb bunnies" 




 I love it!

This was my pic I did to satisfy my colouring-in needs

http://i.imgur.com/6IiBHFD.jpg

Except I am waiting til I can track down some watercolour pencils before I do the job 




 If living in close vacinity to other people has taught me anything, politely asking someone to change their behaviour rarely works. It sometimes takes a literal shitstorm to make them see the errors of their ways 




 I would make the exception for the very little ones 2 months. They don't cry much and it is hard for a mum to be apart when they are so little 




 Most people on this thread seem to have forgotten their childhoods 




 Santa, Easter Bunny, wash behind your ears or you'll grow potatoes, don't watch TV or your eyes will go square...most things adults lie to kids about are meant for fun or with good intentions. Childhood is about fun, magic and adventure. I don't really see the point in turning them into cynical Redditors until at least their mid-teens 




 He knew what he was getting himself into 




 Well, not *that* soon. We have plans. 




 Soon. 




 The other^ 




 He'll look like such a fool! 




 A lot of people pay him out about it when they hear what car it is...until they see it 




 Some people are awkward around children...especially ones they don't know. I'm the same. I think for him too, there is always the fear that someone will accuse you of being a creep if a man starts talking to a child he doesn't know. Which is terrible, of course 




 I think it is mostly because what he said didn't really contribute much 




 [Renault Clio AGP]( http://images-2.drive.com.au/2011/08/06/2540470/renault-clio-rs_320.jpg)

Not really similar to Bumblebee, but I guess all the kid could really tell is that is was yellow 









 Only the good lies that involve giant robots 









 I dunno, it seems to me that the best time to make political changes is when it is politically convenient 




 Every time we had a meal, it was amazing and I found myself looking around trying to find complete strangers I could involve and share how amazing the food was.

Like "look at this baguette! Come here and let me share with you how amazing this baguette is right now!" 




 Not to her, certainly.  




 Run!!! 




 I'll take that 




 Of course I did. I'm not heartless 




 I had a friend visit from interstate, and you know those weekends where everything you do goes well and everything you eat is delicious? It was one of those 




 Part of me feels real bad for the fish guy, but then the other part feels super proud of him for being such a rugged survivor 




 I really had to downplay it. 

"Oh it was pretty good...did a lot of stuff. But...how are you?"

...until I found someone else who wasn't such a downer and I could have a humble-brag to.  




 Yeah, but that is actually a *person* typing those words. Imagine knowing them in real life. I can't comprehend how much of an asshole they would be 









 And here I was just assuming I was actually a boy this whole time! 









 Berfect!! 




 They make me weak (with laughter) 




 Well then it is ~~3/3~~ 3/7 now!

And a new one: Married to Madge 2/3 (66%) 




 Sizzle mo Krizzle 




 Boom, there it is! Totally appropriate then! 




 It does. It is totally healthy and normal too 




 the insult, "bitch" 




 I did some light sleuthing and the insult, "bitch" has been in our language since the 14th-15th century. Does that work in this timeline? 




 "Yep, I'm a genius" 




 Hindsight, of course, teaches us many things, especially the consequences of bad decisions. But the point I was trying to make (and other people in the thread) is that it should have been clear to her that Sydney Road is way too busy to use a child's trailer on. I didn't call her a bad parent and I didn't say she deserved it, I just said it was a fair statement to make. 

Of course, saying that she shouldn't have been on Sydney Rd doesn't help her now, but it is what people are thinking. Maybe if she was thinking to do it again, or someone else, the reaction here might convince them to reconsider that choice. 




 I don't understand the point of that argument 




 She's a tough flower, our Gilly 




 Dat double chin tho 




 ...if he drove off and left her, who knows what they were thinking 




 Because if I do something unsafe in a place where unsafe things can lead to accidents, then I must take some of the blame.

But I do something safe, such as wear a miniskirt and some douche decides to rape me on purpose, then I cannot be blamed.

A rape victim can't change her actions to disuade a rapist...rapists gonna rape. She can't be blamed because he is a horrible POS.

Do you see women in dark alleys and think to yourself "What a stupid woman walking around here...I might rape her"?  




 Yes, because the two senarios are totally comparable

s/ 




 Good...gather them all in one spot. Easier to get them all at once 




 Ok now you are just being silly 




 I read once that rape victims enjoy rape fantasies because this time *they* are in control. They call the shots, they know how much they want or don't want. It is all about putting the power back in their hands.

To feel emotional about real rape is completely normal in the same instance. It isn't fun when it's real 




 Of course the driver was in the wrong, but it is a fair statement to say that a bike trailer is probably not a good idea on a very busy road 




 And Barry White to gently croon to you as you make love to your SO 




 I went out with my dad and his friend last saturday to a bar and they ordered cocktails. Two 60 year old men drinking strawberry daquaris and pina coladas. I felt almost masculine sitting there with my jack n coke 




 Australian here, Abbott is against it but our Opposition leader is pro...so once Abbott is booted we should be getting it 




 It annoys me so much to see how deliberately ignorant some people are. Makes me wonder what other obvious truths they ignore 




 She was usually a safe bet! She had 6 kids! 

Lucky for me she took it well and laughed 




 Not Yara tho... 




 Yes because he is simply never going to publish it...just for lolz 




 One book to find them 




 I want to try to pace it 




 Just make sure you don't come over here  by boat...they don't like that 




 Y'know...I did once run into an old family friend and upon noticing her big belly, exclaimed "Oh! You're pregnant!"


...nope. Tumour. 




 Maybe make it in pairs? I dunno...it would be hard with so many.  




 With that track record you could be rewarded an honourary citizenship over here! 




 Pus in the mouth

#Gag 




 Pools are gross. I have avoid public pools ever since I dove into one and came up with a bandaid on my face. I would only ever trust my own pool and never let anyone else in it 
























 There is a big difference between liking a girl and liking her boobs 




 My dad was a stay-at-home dad, and my husband and I have decided that since I earn over double what he does, that he will be one too.

I have nothing but respect for men who make that sacrifice for their family; challenging gender roles and all that 




 OoooooOooooOoOoooOooOooOooOOOoOooOOOOOoOoOoOOoOO. Fuck yeah.

Bitch, at least try to make it believable 




 Phew! Just in time to miss the GOT season! 




 They really do! I thought my friend's tree had herpes or something when I saw them. Turns out, they are really good and totally don't taste like STD 




 Hi neighbour! 




 Dude, read the damn post then post criticism! You're playing with fire here! 




 Telling girls that the only reason boys pick on them is because they like them.

Wrong.

Boys pick on girls because they like their *reactions*. 




 Make an elephant head (or other cute animal) and sew it in the middle. Snugglers don't need to be flat! 




 That one did come up in my searches. That sounds so tasty! Is it like a custard apple? 




 They are. I had one the other day. They are waxy on the outside which leaves an odd feeling in the mouth, but the crunchiness and juiciness makes up for it. I would liken them to a Nash pear in texture and flavour.  









 I laughed it off, he laughed it off. We avoided eachother for the rest of the evening... 














 I just booked my American holiday! We plan to cram as much as we can in 3 weeks, but we organised internal flights everywhere, so hopefully we don't have tok much trouble 




 http://imgur.com/R8EMU5Z 









 This makes me wonder...you know when you see those parents chasing a laughing toddler all over the place desperately trying to catch them? I wonder if you would be able to train your child to freeze on command by constantly playing that game where you yell FREEZE! and everyone has to stop in their tracks? They would eventually get used to freezing when you yell and would do it when you are trying to catch them.  




 For flowers, I would suggest finding someone crafty to make you some if you are into that sort of thing, or even just looking into store-bought bouquets. Some quite pretty little bunches can be bought for under $10 each 




 "This one has purple in it. Purple's a fruit." 




 I would just ask for someone to bop me on the head, then wake me up when the morphine kicks in 




 Well...good for you, I guess 




 Me too. Also married with a healthy social life. 

Gotta keep up appearances though! 




 Are you sure? You aren't a murderer or anything? 




 I mean, I've *heard* of them. 




 Jokes aside, I wish Unidan was here to tell me fun biology facts about what this little guy is doin 




 Hopefully not to the one of Wendy and Tink... 




 Sorry :( 




 Did we expect a fabulous, expensive log cabin to look fabulous and expensive on the inside? Yep 




 Because human interaction confuses and frightens us 




 ["Dad? Dad wake up!"](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-IeHhr1mq064/VSqJuKTbyCI/AAAAAAAAH68/ooj6znB9lZ8/s1600/Simba%2Bcuddling%2BMustafa.png) 




 I'm lying in bed right now with my two. They are really confused as to why I just pulled them in for a big bear hug. 




 My husband was at the Dept of Transport (aka DMV) one day when a car pulled into the carpark, swung into a spot and just kept going. The car hit the concrete barrier, went over it and got jammed up on it. The wheels were off the ground, but the driver still chucked it in reverse and floored it. Funnily enough, nothing happened. The guy got out of his car and husband said he was the tiniest, most feeble old man he had ever seen. He stood there scratching his head for a moment then went inside for help.

It turns out he was there for a renewal.

My husband didn't stick around long enough to see if the guy got it. He valued his life too much. 




 At the time she probably couldn't tell the difference. Fuck broken ankles 




 Touche. 

But then, if by commenting, someone stops commenting "shitpost" then maybe I will have made a difference and maybe it is worthwhile.

Edit: Also, looking at the votes right now, I would humbly like to point out that people do seem to agree with me 




 Looking at your history OP, you seem to make a habit of reposting, then complaining that you didn't know it was a repost.

Well, either you are new to this game and have much to learn, or you are a dirty rotten liar.

I am going to go with liar, as you just tried to claim that Reese Lightening was just adopted by you. A lie.

So! I will just pick up my pitchfork here ---E and go stand with the gathering mob 




 I don't understand why people feel the need to comment "shitpost" on stuff they don't like. 

Don't like it? Downvote it. 

Just coz you call it a shitpost doesn't make it one, and doesn't mean other people agree with you. In fact, given the amount of upvotes, I would say your opinion is in the minority. 




 My sister has copped a lot of criticism for piercing her daughters' ears but honestly, if pierced ears are the worst thing she has done to her children, then they will still have had a pretty great childhood.

It bothers me how much people object to it in our society when there are larger issues to deal with. My nieces are happy, healthy and loved; people need to quit telling her she is a bad mother. 




 Somehow mine managed to come together...even after the celebrant had a heart attack 2 days out, my husband crashed his car a week out and my bmaid of honour forgot the ring in the limo.

Mind you, I was drunk for most of it, so not much could phase me 




 Well, being both married and a woman...not really the issue :/ 




 Seeing as I am a lady and all my tackle is always in the box.....no, it doesn't 




 Fair game 




 I got that constantly this weekend. Most of them hadn't seen me since I was a baby and yet they expected me to cry out with joy at the very sight of them.

"Lady, you could have easily walked in off the street for all I know!" 




 Now he ded 




 Example: We were staying at my cousins house who I thought I knew pretty well. Turned out he had a son from a previous relationship that I never knew about and people were pissed he wasn't there.

Also, I met my Uncle's first child fr another marriage...who I never knew existed. He knew me though... 




 Lol, no...Australia. But hey, our family breeds like rabbits, so.I might have family in Maine I don't know about 




 Ugh, I always have the same job-related questions. I am one of the few to go to uni so I seem to be some kind of mythical unicorn to them that must be studied 




 Shame 




 She wanted to be a merman 









 I like how it says "Australians" as if we all did it as a collective.

We did it Australia! 




 I sorta see what you want to get across but wanting to maintain a lifestyle because you enjoy it is not the "definition" of childish. 

On the flipside, having children and changing your lifestyle does not make you an adult 




 I understand that the need to fly with children may arise, but for the love of everyone's sanity, be prepared! 

These parents had no toys, no snacks, no medicine, nothing. They spent the whole trip just shushing the kid and trying to reason with him. He looked no older than 2 




 Yeah, but I got to immediately enjoy the wine in the Airport bar during my stopover, while I watched all the parents sit in the McDonald's chairs getting fries thrown at them. 

One day I might want kids, but it is not this day! 




 What is it based on then? 




 ...nope 




 I did tell him to open the box, just not what inside. He knew 




 ...nope 




 Mmm maybe, but not on-hand. School was 9years ago now 














 Nice. I love that song/episode. 

This was my art, inspired by it:

http://i.imgur.com/6IiBHFD.jpg 




 He was my normal teacher. He was really weird though. Several times he would gush over my worst work and then completely miss the point of my best. It wasn't until a year with him that I realised I could argue my case for a better grade and he would usually change his mind. Got mostly A's after that.

But thanks. I did work hard and I was really proud of the subtle (and more obvious) symbolism I had put into it. Ohh well...luckily I never wanted to be an artist 




 I got Elsa. Blue-eyed, white haired Elsa. I have dark hair and green eyes.

So close. 




 I have just met you and I love you 




 *You're* not! 




 You heartless monster! Pick her up and snuggle her at once! 




 I am a fence-sitter also...but right now, after sitting through a 2 hour flight with someone's screaming child beside me the whole time, I am definitely on the childfree side of the fence.

It's nice here, we get wine. 




 I did an art project a lot like this in high school. The topic was Power, so I made a male torso out of metal, wood and clay, a female torso made of tissue paper and lace, and a cross. I made a box with a padlock and put it in the male's chest and hung the key around the cross. Inside the box was a bunch of stuff meant to symbolise the strength of women (pictures, quotes, etc).

It was meant to symbolise that men seemed to have power over women, but only through the power of the church.

I was so proud of my sculpture but my art teacher claimed he didn't "get it" and never even bothered opening the box or trying to understand. I got a C+.

He was Catholic. 




 My sister has 3 kids and 3 step kids, aged 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 9 so visits to her house are....noisy. Everyone either hates eachother and won't shut up or love eachother and won't calm down. I was lucky to just be on holiday with the youngest this week. I don't think I would have survived the hoarde.

But she was pretty vocal alone. Any question you asked her was answered with "No" until she realised what you were asking...and then it was a little whinge for not getting the thing she just said No to 




 But you *like* apple juice 




 Thank you. I'm glad not everyone has filth on their minds 









 He is definitely behind the 8 ball when it comes to IT. Dad often says the only thing he knows about computers is how to pay for them. You should have seen his face when we explained MP3s to him

"You mean I can get all my music on this tiny stick."

"Yes Dad."

"*All* of it?!" 









 You'd be like a walking philosophy lesson 




 Getting a tatt, huh? 




 I also posted a pic of a hermit crab...did you see that? I thought it was pretty cool... 




 Dad is just the same. He gets so excited when he finds a thing that he searches for...as if is surprises him that the internet would have it. 

"But it is a really rare bike!"

"The Internet has everything, Dad." 




 In his words "Why look at tits on a screen when I can't touch them?!" 









 I prefer it to be preceeded by "U wan sum..." 




 I'm on holiday right now and not in reception all the time, so when I finally get some and come on to find all this going down...I was confused to say the least 




 As a Transplant Scientist, I know all too well the kind of desperation that leads to stuff like this. Unfortunately, I also know all too well that it is very unlikely to work 




 Somehow he looks real pleased with himself 




 Sorry for potato 














 I'm so confused. I am on holiday and just checked in for a minute, as much as my limited reception will allow, only to find WW3 going on on the front page. Might just put my phone down and go snorkelling 




 I work in a lab that does genetic testing for coeliac. It is now the *most* requested pathology test.
 I get so mad every time I see the clinical notes and all they say are: Diarrhea, ?coeliac 




 Best part of my day! 100% recommend it to every couple. We aren't a super romantic couple but we do have that  




 My husband and I often fall asleep holding hands. I love it 




 It was very lovely. It was sugarcane country too, so as the sun was setting we got some nice views of the [cane fires](http://imgur.com/mbERXQF) 









 I have been married 4 years and with my partner for 3 more before that...always used a condom.

Babies are *not* part of our plans right now. I am on the pill too, but it isn't 100% foolproof 









 They had an empty cage from another parrot, which came in handy 









 You are all wrong.

It is a pencil with wheels 




 K 




 I know! I just imagine this adorable shamozzle of a line up where everyone is playing chasey and sniffing eachothers' butts 




 K 









 Thus making them the only two animals in the Monotreme group 




 There is one character who sounds like Barry Weiss...that douchecanoe from Storage Fisticuffs or whatever show. I can't unhear it  









 You need a better bouncy-ball related memory 




 I really don't think it is misleading. I am saying it is uncommon to hear about female vs female domestic violence.

I guess if people are feeling misled, they coild just read all these comments and know the facts 




 Geniuses, duh 




 No, I don't think I will. It is still uncommon in my society to hear about a case like this. Like I said, this was the first I had heard of a case like it...in recent news at least.

These are the kind of stats often quoted:

http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/current%20series/rip/1-10/07.html

There seems to be disagreement with numbers tho. Some say it is mostly male vs female, but others say it is about even 




 I feel it would be less subtle if they had a guy out front who punches you in the face then gives you a flyer 




 Sorry, I was not aware of those stats. In our news lately, there has been massive coverage of particularly violent domestic abuse cases (a handful of women have died recently). New measures, task groups, charities and workplace allowances seem to be springing up every day to help. To help *women* escaping their abusive *male* partners. I have not once heard mention of a female being an abuser until this article, which is why it struck me as uncommon. 




 Aand now you are on a list 




 I need to get a niece

I sure hope you mean "you need your sibling to make you a niece".

You can't just pick up a kid from the street and call them your niece. There are laws 




 I wouldn't say genius. More like pure mischief 




 Maybe 




 Off the side, to go hurtling 2 storeys down and cause pandemondium as they bounced all over the place below.

He *loves* telling me this story. 




 Here in Australia recently there has been massive talk about domestic abuse, but when they talk about the offenders they always talk about men. It is definitely portrayed as a Men vs Women issue. 




 Yeah my bad, I forgot it didn't do it for titles. I just wanted to highlight that it was a woman and she was charged with rape. Not trying to cast aspersions or anything, just an interesting piece of information 




 I would say so, yes. A lot of anger needed for that 









 Am a wife, so can say that I think honking is crucial in the success of a marriage.

A honkless marriage is a doomed marriage 




 And I like you...in a totally creepy way

 (   ) 




 My husband's favourite memory of his teens (and one he always brings up when he sees a bouncy ball) is when he went to an arcade and got 100+ of em, went to the top of the carpark and let them loose.  




 Geez, my husband won't leave me alone! I can't get changed in the mornings or afternoons without him leaping out from behind a wall and honking them.

You need to up your honking game. Make your wife *afraid* to get changed. So much so that she has to look over her shoulder every time she takes off her bra.  




 He knew his time had come and walked into the afterlife with courage, leaving the ones he loved behind to spare them the heartbreak 




 Man, that cheerleader puts our school's cheerleaders to such utter shame. Our school didn't have a football team, so we didn't need cheerleaders, but that didn't stop all the chubby uncoordinated year 8 girls from grouping together and doing shitty dances to "Blow My Whistle" in front of the whole school.

Maybe if they had of pulled of these sick moves they wouldn't have been booed so loudly 




 Do you seriously not know the difference between a metaphor and an insult?! 




 Buddhism is huge in my hometown, Eudlo. It is a tiny speck of a town but it hosts a massive temple. The Dalai Llama has even visited

http://www.chenrezig.com.au/ 




 I don't understand what not talking about the issue would achieve, except maybe closing the door on any people who might *need* to talk about it. 




 No shit it's a repost. He is trying to find his friend by making the story as visible as possible in as many subs as possible.

You are an asshat 




 That depends..are you my husband? 




 Another Redditor posted [theirs]( https://www.reddit.com/r/crochet/comments/34ocwe/im_really_loving_this_sweet_little_ice_cream_coin/) and you will find the pattern in the comments 




 Get lost nigga, you din wiin! 




 Me too. I have seen them everywhere but I haven't seen the movie.  





























 Well my husband never buys me flowers, so it was about time someone did! 




 I didn't know I had any of them! It is a new house and I hadn't done much gardening. Then, just today I found all those and was so happy  









 I popped some of mine in a [pot](http://imgur.com/SHsHUTn) with a hyacinth and now they are filling my kitchen with fragrance. Love it!!! 




 I moved here 9 months ago and I am still in that phase. 

Just this afternoon I had a minor joyous meltdown in my front garden because some random plants I had turned out to be daffodils...my favourite flower. Daffodils don't grow in QLD.

I love it here and I am glad you do too 














 In my experience, 3year olds are worse than 2year olds. Sure it might be the terrible twos, but have you ever had to deal with a threenager? A 3yo with the attitude of a 15yo! My niece has 5 older siblings and she is the worst of them all. So.much sass! 




 I just can't wrap my head around that many people being in one place at one time. I guess that is why it distracts itself with questions like, what if you needed to pee? Or, how would everyone get home after? 




 I am really open to donating my eggs as I see it that even though the child will have my DNA, I won't be it's mum. Good on you for giving that joy to someone else! What was the process like? 




 I get that this is hardly a flattering shot of her and it is a little scandalous because she spent her teenage years directly appealing to children...but honestly, how is this any worse than some of the stuff Madonna or even Cher has done?

Does no one remember [this](https://mumdujour.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/cherkini.jpg)? 




 It's easy with Regular show. All you have to do is replace their sodas with beers 




 The Erotic Adventures of Bendydick Cumbersnatch 




 Oh god...now I am imagining twigs and rocks getting all up in your cumbersnatch *shudder* 




 Z looks like he just dissed someone hard 




 I am going to go against the tide here and agree with you. I like a lot of people I have chatted to on here. Sure you get the occasional douchenozzle but I still have a positive experience 




 Eww cheap rip offs. 

Yeah, any US stuff over here would be at least 3-4 bucks a bar 




 If you actually challenged a 7 yo with the topic of inequality you would be surprised with what they think. 

My niece asked my sister a little while ago "why those two men were kissing". My sister told her because they loved eachother. She was ok with that.

Fast forward a few weeks when the SCOTUS ruling came out and she asked me what all the rainbows were in my Facebook. I explained that some people don't like it when two men or two women kiss and want to stop them getting married. The rainbows are put there to show that we don't want to stop them getting married.

She asked me, without prompting, why they can't get married and I told her that because people don't agree with it and don't think they should.

"But they aren't doing anything wrong! They love eachother and people in love get married!"

Even 7 year olds can understand the basics of equality. Give them a little credit. 




 Ugh. ~~One~~ Once you get your momentum up the water starts rocking with you. More and more and more until it is spilling out over the edge.  




 Shit, this kind of stuff just kills me. I need to know that this dog is hugged and kissed every day of his new life 




 You don't get Cherry Ripes or Milo over there?!

I'm so sorry. 




 Ha ha ok! I am going to feel like such a drug traffiker! Make sure you get a trenchcoat so we can make the exchange look as dodgy as fuck.

Edit: Wait...will your customs let me through? I don't want to end up on airport security 




 Caramel is great. Put them in the fridge for a while and the gooey caramel bit in the centre goes chewy and it is awesome.

The black forest and dark chocolate ones are also very good because dark chocolate just works with the biscuit.

The white I am not fond of.

But overall, I just can't go past original. Bite both ends a little to expose the biscuit then shove one end in a hot chocolate and suck on it like a straw. Heaven! 




 Cool, thanks! 




 My husband is a big beer man. And he loves US beer. 




 I have been introduced to most of the American sodas through my old work, actually. My favs are cherry doctor pepper and cherry coke. Anything cherry, really!

We will be in LA, Vegas, NYC, Boston and DC 




 DC 




 Ohh they sound good! 




 I wish, but no time :( 




 If you ever get the chance, do NOT use more than a light smear on heavily buttered white toast. It is an acquired taste and anyone who just dives right in and lays it on thick instantly regrets it. 




 Glee! 




 At first I thought the girl didn't know how to dance and was just being included so she could learn.

But those hips don't lie, girl got skills! 




 I know :(

Next time 




 Baker Street 




 Weeee! Can't wait :D 




 You like it? 




 Chowder is the top of my list for Boston! 




 LA, Vegas, NYC, Boston, DC 




 Which flavour?

Caramel, white, dark, double dipped, black forest, red velvet, peanut butter or normal? 




 You have no idea how many times I double-checked my name before using it. I wouldn't be caught dead with such a grammatical error unless I was trying to be ironic 




 We fly out the day before unfortunately :(

Halloween is a cheap gimmicky thing here. Shitty costumes and an excuse to get drunk.
 Some kids come knocking but.most people wont have anything to give them 




 Chicago is not in the itinerary unfortunately 




 Flights are all booked unfortunately. Well, we had planned to train it but figured flying was easier. Ahh well...we shall see.

And Vegas was always on the cards. I really want to get all up in it's cheesy trashiness. There is nothing like it in Aus 




 Aww :( 




 I solomly swear I will go to Quincey Market! 




 Great! Thanks! 




 Cool, well thanks for that info. I will be sure to eat vegetables when I can. Much like I do now, I guess 




 It hasn't been mentioned yet. I do feel like my life is missing some chicken and waffles right now 




 Yeah I know. We want to do so much but travel time is such a bitch. We will come back in a few years but now it is the super sampler of the US. 

What is domestic plane travel like? In Australia we can turn up an hour beforehand and it'll be sweet. Do I need to allocate more time? 




 It is a once in a lifetime trip for us and my husband would be devastated if Brady retired and he never got to see him play 




 What about chowder? I love chowder.

We will be in town for only a few days, mostly just my husband can see the Pats play on the 25th (he is a massive fan) 




 Yumm 




 Oh yes. All flights are booked, not trying to road trip it! 




 OoooOoh yes! My husband is a massive carnivore so we will definitely be hitting up BBQ joints 




 Wow awesome! Great info!

Australia actually has a fair few Max Brenner's now, so I can maybe give that one a miss. I prefer San Churro anyway  




 It'll just be myself and my husband and while we aren't rolling in cash we have some good $$$ to spend and would prefer a good hotel. We are mid 20's and like normal stuff, but mostly interested in the major sights and tastes due to only being in NYC for 5 days 




 No idea yet. Still haven't booked hotels 




 Sorry, DC 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington DC. Mostly tourist trap type places. 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington DC. Mostly tourist trap type places. 




 LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington. Mostly tourist trap type places. I woulf love to see the South but time is a restriction 




 I LOVE Mexican food. I will be trying as many different places as possible. 




 I am there for 3 weeks...I will likely eat actual food at some point 




 Oh, really? I do love mint slices, so I will still try some but I was hoping for something *more* amazing than them 




 Awesome! What else should I try while I am over there? I am pretty familiar with American candy (I used to work in a lolly shop that had an American section) but there are probably lots of other things I would like.

I know I want to try all the sugary cereals like Cap'n Crunch and Cinnamon Toast.

Edit: Holy cow I have a lot of food I need to try. You guys are gonna make me fat!

Edit edit: All of you are so nice. I am so excited to visit! 




 As an Australian planning to visit the US in October for 3 weeks, how might I obtain a box of these mythical Girl Scout Mints? They recieve so much hype that I figure I need to try them 









 Oh it's you again! 




 You know! 




 (Vet) Science! 




 3=====D

Got ya covered! 









 I just booked my holiday to go there and other parts of the USA in October!

I am from Australia, so I am super excited to see this crazy, fun country you people keeps going on about! 




 While it might have some truth to it for other people, this thing was definitely wrong for me.

It just told me I couldn't buy a house in Maroondah when I just did 




 This falls flat when they start rattling off names and you suddenly realise you can't remember any of their names 




 Sauce: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-30/adelaide-zoo-transfer-orphaned-joey-surrogate-wallaby-mother/6583042 




 Sauce: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-30/adelaide-zoo-transfer-orphaned-joey-surrogate-wallaby-mother/6583042 














 They are pretty cool. I wish suits of armour were still relevant and not restricted to medieval-fair going geeks who say m'lady in everyday sentences 




 These are just a sample of some of the amazing pieces from the Museum of Wearable Art in New Zealand that I happened to see when it visited Townsville, QLD on it's tour. A really wonderful display to see
, with so much creativity! 

The colourful piece with the horned helmet came first place in a competition they held. 









 Expressing sympathy. It's not like I don't *care*, I just hate all the empty words that peope say to try and make the pain easier.

I would prefer to just hug the person and leave it at that 




 As an Australian I could only *dream* of having a leader like Obama. Swapsies? 




 I'll just save all my links in a convenient place then! 




 For sure! Everyone knows what a rainbow stands for these days, especially Christians. But show them an athiest symbol and most won't recognise it.  




 But I suppose the argument Christian folk have against the LGBT and their rainbow isn't a new one, but it has been picked up again with all this new talk  




 A few posts on Facebook have popped up of Christian folk condemning the use of rainbows in the LGBT movement. 

I couldn't help but laugh and comment with a variety of links pointing out the many times Christianity has commendeered Pagan and other symbols for their own use.

Needless to say my comments were deleted fairly quickly. 




 And you have such impeccable social skills that will surely help you through yours. 

Cheer up 




 Righto. Thanks. Linking it up would be amazing. It would solve a lot of traffic woes IMO 




 Oh, I didn't realise it was unfinished. Where was it supposed to end? 




 Ha ha aww. Well, you tried :) 




 I don't get it 




 Those streets seem woefully unsuited to such high traffic. I would hate to live anywhere near them. A tunnel really seems like the only option though, unless they wanted to put thousands of people out of their homes 




 Brisbane has a Dakabin. It is about as classy as it sounds 




 I'm relatively new to the city and don't know much about the EWL, but would I have been able to use it if I were trying to get from Ringwood to the Hume highway? It seems like there should be a better way than through the suburban streets of Heidelburg and onto the Greensborough 









 |:( This is uncomfortable

:/ Ok this is better, I guess

Lick 




 Sometimes I wonder and dwell on the fragility of life, how the smallest thing can kill a man...and then I see stuff like this and can't help but marvel at the strength and endurance of humanity. These people are almost literally skeletons with skin...and yet hey *survive*. It is amazing. 




 My dog used to do this all the time. He loved it! 




 Redditors are a sour bunch. Quick to assume the worst. 

I agree with you. They look like they are having a great time 




 See that's the secret....no lives actually matter 




 So many apostrophes 




 Ugh no it's not. But you are welcome to it 




 The humidity...oh god the humidity.

You could be naked, lying in your house under a fan and still be baking in your own skin. The humidity is like a steam room. It is everywhere and no matter what you do, it makes you hot and sticky.  




 Melbourne's daylight savings more than makes up for that hour lost. I love it! 




 We will be in NYC for 5 days beforehand 




 Have you spent any long periods of time in QLD? The hot is nice...for a while. Then it becomes insufferable. When it is literally too hot to go to the beach it is horrible. 




 You get that in QLD too though 




 Honestly, coming from QLD, the weather ain't so bad.

Sure, winter is cold and a little wet but summer is gorgeous! Mild, dry days and warm nights with sunlight stretching to 9pm.

QLD winters are chilly, like a Melbourne Spring but Summers SUCK! Hot, sticky days where the only relief is a summer storm that has a large chance of just fucking your shit up! And when it rains down here, it rains a little then it gets bored and leaves. In  QLD it rains for *days* and *days* you can't escape the hot dampness of it and just when you think it can't rain any more...it rains some more and then floods fuck your shit up!

10/10 would move to Melbourne again 




 Being from Queensland, I cannot refute this 




 [Hell yeah](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110807170741/disney/images/f/fa/Roxanne_in_Max's_dream.png) 




 This is not a dating site. 




 I always pictured Ginny that the redhead girl from A Goofy Movie 




 Awesome info. Thanks! 

Also, hi! 




 Yeah you are probably right 




 No, it really doesn't. I can drive 15 hours at home! 




 Hmm...unfortunately I think we have come to the conclusion that the Falls may have to be missed. Flying up there just wouldn't fit into our schedule. Also, you might not have meant to, but I am starting to think that missing them wont be the end of the world. There seems to be an awful lot more I can enjoy in Boston 




 I would like to tailgate, but I don't think people would appreciate two random foreigners coming up and eating their food and drinking their booze :/ 




 Cool, that looks great!

But I love mooses...meece?...moose. I hear they are super cuddly and love being apprached ;D 




 Well, I am a bit of a geek, so I like history, architecture and museums but we are going to Washington and the Smithsonian after Boston, so I don't want to wear myself out on too many museums.

My husband is a little more energetic. He likes sports, fishing and cars. We both like technology and the beauty of nature, and we both really like food.

That help you narrow it down? :P 




 This is not a place for advertising.  




 Ha ha well okay then! Thanks :D

And footy = Australian Rules Football 




 The worst race of all! 




 Something like this happened to me, cept I was the crazy animal lady.

Hear me out!

A few years ago, I got a new puppy. A tiny little foxihuahua no bigger than a coke can. After having him for only 1 day I quickly found that my yard had a big design flaw that he exploited easily, and escaped from. So, I had to go to the shops to buy a some items to fix it...but I couldn't leave him home alone or he would just escape. So my only obvious choice was to take him along.

 After walking around the centre for a little bit, I quickly realised that every man, woman and child was going to stop me every 10metres to squee at my puppy, so I safely showed him in my big tote bag, bundled up in my jumper, where he promptly fell asleep. 

Jump ahead to me exiting a store without making a purchase and the attendant stopping me to check my bag (regular thing, he wasn't suspicious). I didn't really know what to say so I just nodded and opened the bag revealing my tiny, sleeping puppy.

The man paused, took a moment to comprehend what he was seeing, and then asked if that was a puppy in my bag. I said yes, he let out a little squee and then let me leave.

Moral of the story is, if you want to commit petty theft, bring a puppy along. It will distract security from the stolen items hiding in your pockets.

 




 So was Voldy....

Coincidence? 




 Seems to me the whole thing  ould be planned a bit better :/ 
I went to the footy in my city the other day and on top it costing me $30, the stadium is right next to a major train hub, so if you missed your train it wasn't a problem...there would be another in 10mins 




 Like what? Share your local knowledge with me!! 




 Oh dang. Thanks for the info!!! 




 I am wary of renting a car, but if we caught the train and headed in hours earlier, would that be safe? 




 Cool. Time is not too much of a problem if it does change. We have nothing else on that day, except the game. We thoughy we might head in early, no matter the time and soak in the atmosphere 




 My ex-Army husband would like that very much! 




 Thanks! It looks like I have definitely underestimated the distance 




 We will be in NYC for 5 days before Boston, but I was figuring that Niagara Falls was more accessible from Boston. Oh well, I guess I can live without seeing them :(

Also, money isn't really the limiting factors for us for Pats tix. I am expecting $500+ and for a one-off event, I am OK with that 




 First, Pats tickets. My husband is a MASSIVE Pats fan and he is desperate to go to the Pats vs Jets game on the 25th. Are we dreaming, or can we easily get some tix?

Second, if we had a spare day-and-a-half, are we mad to try and duck out to Niagara and see the Falls? They are on my list but we only have a small window. I know the drive is a long one but what about a train?

Thanks :) 




 (   ) 




 Cool 
























 3 guesses in which country it is native! 




 Isobel Carmody - Darksong 




 That dog is having a great time! 




 I don't think bitter would be accurate to describe how I feel. Sure I wasn't singing its praises, but I wasn't exactly being hateful about it. It bothers me and I said so. Can't a person express dislike for something without being bitter? You seem determined to pigeonhole me as some bitter, twisted man-hating feminazi when that is not me at all 




 What he meant was "because...boobs" 




 And I spent it curled up on the couch in my PJs, watching movies, eating apple pie and playing Pokemon with my husband :D 




 I'm a poet and I didn't even realise! 




 Ok ok, calm down. Just making an observation. And not that it means much to you, but I have never once used Tumblr. A woman can make valid social observations and not be labelled a man-hating feminist 




 Yeesh. There is a problem. Wanna talk about it more? 




 There it is! 




 Personally, I had no emotional attachment to him either, so I am not too broken up about it..but some people might have seen him in that light (well, maybe not as much as Robin Williams. That man was a global treasure) 




 :( 




 Well when Robin Williams died I legitimately wept and mourned, even though I had never met him. You can mourn the loss of a great person, because it is not only your loss, but the world's loss 




 All aboard the Carousel of Crazy! Ring a ding! 




 I'm sorry? 




 Ugh, buses. Travelling insanity boxes 




 Hey not towards me! Go creep out someone who isn't me.

And honestly, I've heard creepier 




 Uhhh 




 Knock yourself out 




 That's the spirit! 




 For some reason I figured you were goig to "try again" with her tomorrow.

But now I realise you might mean to move on. Nevermind. Not creepy. 




 Man, I'm just here for funny pictures and scary stories 




 Only a nark would ask such a question. Don't commit your hate crimes here, nark!


...I'm sorry, it means bad-tempered. British term 




 He has gone to the big gaming room in the sky where no cartridges need blowing and every score is a high score 




 See, where I am, it's Monday afternoon. Plenty of reasons to be narky 




 Good motto for life. Keep at it! 

But don't...y'know, be creepy about it 




 Noted. 

Is that your crass answer? Or have you got another one? 




 Let's hear your gripes! 




 You are right. What's with that? It seems like half of their energy is spent lamenting their lack of girlfriends and the other half is spent being sexist.


...


I am sensing a correlation here 




 You are right. Exaggerated titles are a Reddit staple....and they bother me. They shouldn't. It's petty. But it bothers me because some people actually agree with the exaggeration 




 Personally, I think dressing yourself and your kid up and going out in public isn't really something to warrant so much praise. Sure it's cute, but it doesn't make anyone the World's Best Parent. If I had a kid and my husband dressed up with him and got unending praise, I'd be a bit bothered because it's not really a great sacrifice to do that.

And I know this may just seem like I am trying contradict you but I fully intend to be that type of mum. Mostly because I will get fun out it too. But I would hate for people to think that *that* makes me a MOTY 




 These guys don't have to do much it seems to be FOTY, yet I rarely see a Mother of the Year. Literally all a man has to do is talk to a child and he is FOTY but mums would probably have to jump in front of a bullet to be MOTY...and even then it would probably be chalked down to "but mums are supposed to do stuff like that!" 




 Sarcasm is way too hard for me to detect on Reddit. I once ripped into a dude for being rude and sarcastic but he was legit, and I felt so bad. Now I take anything ambiguous as non-sarcastic just to be safe 




 I didn't say that was the reasoning for everyone. That is my reason 




 Shit yes. Being nekkid in your own house is the best feeling in the world. I especially loved it at my family home. We had lots of verandahs and were in the middle of the bush so there was no one but the trees and birds to see me.  




 Who doesn't?! 




 We found the idiot driver! 




 I took the safest option today: stayed in my PJs on the couch all day and watched movies.

100% safe! 




 Yes 




 Very 




 I know you are being sarcastic, but it was a bad breakup and seeing someone who looks so much like him makes me uncomfortable 




 Ugh. I couldn't imagine a more painful movie to watch. What's the point?

Plus, my ex looks like Channing Tatum, so I can't stand that dude

Edit: I'm sorry? 




 And there are a large group of women who don't like Magic Mike 




 Not pregnant. No excuses 




 Maybe later. Too busy eating pie right now 









 Because they can 




 It's the brand-name tinfoil. Great quality 




 Was...was the mayor a stripper? 




 I wanted to be either a Palentologist or an Egyptologist. 

I couldn't be an Egyptologist coz I would have to move to Egypt and I decided I couldn't be a Palentologist coz I thought all the dinosaurs would be discovered by the time I was older 




 ...is that better? 




 These clinics are hubs for human trafficking in the form of "surrogacy". Shame shame shame on you! 




 Fuck off, this does NOT belong here!!! 




 Well you did call your son Wolf... 




 Lol. Actually it was more like:

"Penny! Penny! Penny, come here you idiot! Don't just stand there looking at me you little bitch. Get out of the goddamn garden."

My neighbour angrily popped her head over the fence from amongst her bushes and had to take a few moments to figure out my deal 




 Wrangling beauracracy is my hidden talent 




 I'm sorry you are in what sounds like a troubling situation but this is not the right sub I think.

You might be after r/askdocs 




 My neighbour had the same name as my dog but she didn't know until I was out thr front one day and yelled at my dog for some reason. My neighbour was also in her front yard and got really confused when I started yelling at her 




 I got it done first try! The lady said people rarely get it done first try :D 




 Turns out they don't like colour copies. She had to redo mine, but dodn't charge me :) 




 I'm confused. My husband does this all the time (he is the ticklee, I'm the tickler)...are you saying I should film it and can reap karma? 




 "I'm smart you're dumb

I'm big, you're...err..." 




 In that case I will bring in my colour copies :) 




 And people say Australia is expensive! Jeez! My course was 6k a year but I didn't pay a cent til I was out of uni and working in a job related to my field 




 Great, thanks :) 




 butch

Nice try New Zealander!

 




 Hi, 

I am applying for my passport and on the application form it requests you bring photocopies of your documents but nowhere does it specify that they be certified. Does anyone know if you need to get them certified before attending the interview?

I know you need your photos guarantored but this is just the birth cert. and stuff 




 I loved it there! It was very pretty. We definitely want to go back and explore more 




 You would think that would not need pointing out but...here we are.

I might have made my meme better by saying "turn on your indicator *sooner*"

The guy who inspired this turned it on as he turned 




 But...but...I moved here from QLD and I *like* the cold 




 Ha ha yes! Exactly that place. To be fair though, it is one of the most beautiful places in Malta and it isn't a very large island.

I ended up leaping at him and hugging him so fiercly that he almost fell off the edge...oops :/ 









 Maybe he thought you said Honey Pigeon and thought you were going to eat it? 




 And set the ocean on fire, just to be safe 




 ...yay?  




 Ha ha that's why he is my Hall Pass! He is just so *nice*! 




 Ridic

Short for ridiculous.

Just fucking say the word!!! 




 I say hubby because husband sounds too formal and old. I hate wifey though, don't have honey to do lists and our sexy time is usually whenever my...hubby....grabs my hand and puts it on his junk 




 I dunno. Probably equally as pathetic as someone who is able to recognise everything as a repost or deliberately goes out of his way to find one... 




 Aka a Hall Pass.

Mine is Dwayne Johnson and his is Natalie Portman 




 "...this fucking guy" 




 Pot.

...not the good type. The mundane type that you put flowers in 




 Sassy Harry is my favourite Harry. If we were nice all the time I jut wouldn't like him as much 




 Unless like most religious surprises, the cake is a lie 




 And so God said unto Abraham, "Woof!"

And Abraham said unto God "Who's a good boy then? Who's a good boy?" 




 Oh good! I like surprises :D 




 Quite smitey 




 Uhh...yes? 




 If you believe in that sorta thing, of course 




 Just because someone thinks it is art doesn't mean it should be appreciated. So much crap is done in the name of art that just makes places look stupid. 

It may be art, but I don't like it either. Looks trashy 




 I saw it (or its twin) in Flagstaff gardens the other day!

If it is weird and out-of-place but looks kinda deliberate, just assume it is art. 




 If I don't want to hug someone (I'm not a touchy feely type of person) I just pretend to have a coughing fit just beforehand. I manage to pull off a really good death-cough when need be. I know this isn't a long-term fix, but keep it in your back pocket for emergencies 




 I was hurrying to uni one day and one tried to hook me by saying "Do you want to save the animals?"

I loudly and rudely said "No!"

As I passed, he quietly said behind me "...you *don't* want to save the animals?"

It was probably his go-to line when people answer him like that, but dammit, I laughed. 




 I know I have this pattern buried somewhere in my computer...but are you able to link it? I love these! 




 Dogs are the best. So trusting and loving. All they want is cuddles and ear scratches and in return they give you unending love. No human in the world is like that 




 Lucky everything was in black and white back then. I mean, in colour they might  not have been able to pull this off 




 I dunno. Put a dog in a sweatshirt and he looks tough and awesome...but put a cat in a.tutu and suddenly *that's* weird. It's not to my taste but I don't think it is creepy 




 What?  




 Selfish reasons of course. I want the experience of having and carrying a child.  




 You are probably right, but either way, I see no point in shattering the illusion now 




 Smmmmmokin! 




 r/reallifedoodles needs to get involved 




 Honey badger don't give a *fuck* 




 Right now? 




 He brings up the bracelet every now and then, asking if I still have it.

Of *course* I have it Dad 




 He was very against me taking it to school in fear it would break. 

...I ended up breaking it at school.

At first I didn"t tell him because I was worried about my own hide 




 All of this.  
You summed up my feelings exactly 




 What a silly assumption to make 




 He was serving in Afghanistan at the time and we had a holiday in Italy organised during his leave. He bought the ring over the internet (through a reputable site) and had it mailed to his mum. His mum opened the package when it arrived to check that it was all good. She then repackaged it, popped on a different name and sent it to me. 

He told me to expect a package and it was for a friend serving with him. It was somehing he needed over there and he couldn't get it sent over any other way. This was a pretty normal thing as a lot of his army friends lived on Base and hated getig things sent there, so they used our address.

 Anyway, I was going to pop the package in my luggage, but he very non-chalantly suggested I put it in my carry on, just in case. 

When I got to Rome, after our reunion, I gave him the package and he casually tucked it into his bag. Throughout the rest of the trip he kept putting the package in plain sight, making it seem unopened...but he had taken the ring out and hidden it. 

We went on a cruise and he was coy about me using the safe, always making me guess the combinations...which I never could. 

And, as we went from port to port he always asked me if I was having fun that day, trying to pick the perfect day. Malta was definitely one of the best days and it was made better after he popped the question in a beautiful garden overlooking the bay near Valletta.


And the rest, they say, is history.

Edit: He didn't count on me checking his mail for him. I saw the credit card statement a week before I left 




 He does care. He thinks he hoodwinked me into carrying my own engagement ring halfway across the world to meet him in Rome.
 He came up with an elaborate plan to make sure I was oblivious.

It didn't work 




 Awesome, thanks :) 




 I couldn't imagine ever feeling truly content with life if I knew I had given.up everything to have kids. I mean, I know you have to sacrifice a fair few things but I would need to keep a few aspects of myself or I will just end up resenting the kid, I think 




 Thanks :) It works on so many levels 




 My dad bought my sister and I matching bracelets on a holiday once so we would always remember the fun time we had. 

I broke mine a couple weeks later and it took me years to find a replacement. I never told him and I just pass the replacement off as the original.

I think he would be heartbroken if he ever found out I broke it 




 My husband thinks I never knew about the engagement ring before he proposed. He thinks he pulled off the greatest trick in history by me not knowing about it.

I knew. 




 Just as long as it is arbitrary hate just because they are kids and not because of my bad parenting, then that is OK. They will be my kids...strangers don't need to like them, just be able to tolerate them 




 I do agree that adoption should always be an option in someone's mind if they chose to have kids. If I can't have any of my own (I want the experience of bringing a child into the world, sue me) I will most certainly adopt if I can. I am also keen to foster 




 My husband went fishing on Friday/Saturday so I got some McDonalds and some ice cream, sat on the couch watching TV and playing Pokemon on my DS. On Saturday I went to a market and ate brunch with a friend, then went and got a massage and bought a pot so I could transplant all the gorgeous daffodils blooming in my yard into it. Sunday, my husband and I sat in our PJs all day playing Pokemon together, got KFC for lunch and hen walked the dogs. 

Life without kids maybe be "selfish" but fuck it...it's fun! 




 I have always believed that it takes a person to raise a child...not a parent. Don't let "parent" be all that you are. Be a good person first, and use that to be a good parent 




 Ugh, I am highly (silently) judgemental of peoples' parenting. I hate it when parents just don't *try* 




 I can only hope that when I do have kids (if I am able) I will use my hatred of other peoples' children to sculpt mine to be somewhat bearable little people. 




 I tried watching the Rugrats in Paris movie the other day and couldn't make it more than halfway. It was awful! I *loved* that movie as a kid 




 Ahhhh! I can't take them but can I just come over and rub my face on them a little? They are too cute! 




 Yes. But that is OK! Keeping riding that wave! 




 Nope, all dead 




 He really didn't seem "pompous" to me. It was just a description of himself to add context to the ridiculousness of him yelling at a chess game 




 Yes! Sometimes when I reach that point I just stomp on it and tell it is can just *live* on the goddamn floor if it loves it so much, then leave.

But jokes on me, because usually my dog will then come along and rip up the paper, making a mess which I then have to clean up later... 




 Temper tantrums at home are a great way to relieve stress. As long as it isn't at your family of course. 

I swear at inanimate objects...like, a lot. 

"Get in the fucking bin you cunt of a piece of paper or I will murder every little shit that you love!"

It really helps 




 I just realised something. No wonder teenagers are so apathetic about everything. They are making that transition from pure joy to hatred 




 In probably just 1 or 2years time they will look back on the best day of their lives and think "what the fuck were we thinking?!" 




 People keep trying to convince me to call my son Luke. 

My last name is Walker.

But that isn't the worst I could do. I really like the name Annika. Annika Walker. Middle name, Skye 




 My sister sorta made up her eldest daughter's name. She was going to call her Amity...but I didn't like the way she pronounced it so she suggested Emity and that stuck. It gets shortened to Emmy now but I still really like it 




 I don't know what your plan is for it but I found a great use for flowers with big crntre holes like this. I made a beanie for a friend's daughter and made a bunch of different coloured flowers just like this. I attached a button to the beanie so she could switch out the flower depending on the rest of the outfit. She loved it 




 Awesome! They all sound great. I am so keen for chicken and waffles! 




 It's almost as if there are other people from other countries who just might have different experiences than that guy...woah 




 Zzzzzzzz....ploop....zzzzzzz 




 I used to study in the cemetary at the end of my street. It was peaceful, nice and cool on a hot day and no one disturbed me.
 I loved it. 
























