 I always wandered: I am not from America. Does this 499 include your sales tax? If not, how much do you end up paying,  say, in Houston?  




 Most people won't even stand where that car is in the picture.  




 I've got one for you. Maybe not original but at least never heard of it. 

You know how Google Picasa and other softwares ask you to tell them what the name of a face is that the software recognises on your pics? It is linked to a contact in your phone. In case you save your contacts with full name they know the name of that person and their face (also tel no and possibly email,  bla bla bla). Now as soon as the software knows the name and possible waits for a verification from a different user they start tracking where ever that person was. Somebody is taking a picture of something with me in the background? Picasa saves geo data and tells Google where I was that day at that time. This way a map is created of where I went with evidence. Could be used to prove you haven't done this or that but it will only be used against you.  




 Op, please share how you took and edited the picture  




 Pacific Rim. 
Everything about the movie sucks. Worst:

Acting

The fact that the monsters don't use their emp's straight away

That one of the jagers uses a boat instead of the awesome sword he apparently has 




 I down vote you for the second part of your post. What are trying to do? Shame people into not down voting you?  




 If you don't like it you don't like it, that's fine. But for me it is one of the most important things I have ever watched. Two of the main characters, Jack and Daniel, have actually influenced me a lot. I still think that trying to be a bit of both will make the perfect human being. The two of them unite traditional values and open-mindedness perfectly. They are and forever will be my role models.  




 I use the reddit is fun app where you have to click the thumbnail to open the thread. I did not want to click the cucumber...  




 This is the only stupid thing on here 




 Thank you for pointing out my error. Got it now.  




 Sorry, I did not read galaxy. I read universe. Sorry for the question.  




 When we do such an estimation, does that include observable universe only or more than that. In case of the latter, how do we estimate? 

Edit: sorry, my bad. I read universe, not galaxy.  




 Thank you! 




 I have 0% knowledge but I am willing to learn hard. 

If you could help me get started I would be very grateful.  




 I went to a Nike outlet to buy some running shirts and shorts and saw that the Nike Hyperfeel were only 80 so I bought a pair. I ran in them today and I liked it. 

By chance I walked past my usual shop and went in because I was curious what my usual salesman had to say about them. 

Long story short. He said that:
- Nike uses some of the worst foams in the industry which don't provide good support
- He has a ton of customers that came into his shop because they have trouble with their achilles tendon and their knees after using any nike free run shoes. 
- Even walking for long periods of time is bad for knees and achilles tendon. He said that if I run with them (I am quite heavy and mostly land on the back of my foot) I will have problems in the future with my hip and knees
- They basically are a shit shoe that costs nothing to make (he said $2.50 but I am not sure if he was just saying a low number) and is being sold with a ridiculous profit margin thanks to Nike's marketing.
- it has been developed in Germany at the Sporthochschule Koeln and that some people involved make their money with knee replacements
- on top of all of that he does not sell Nike because for him it is a fact that they use child labour (however he does realise that this is a difficult discussion. Anyway it is his shop so it's his choice)

He was able to explain everything very well and I have to say that I believe him but I could not find anything online so I am curious where he gets this information. 

What do you gusy think? 




 Why is that? What alternative is there that is better? Rotten tomatoes, where toy story 3 is the best movie of all time?  




 I really do 




 God I was scared when I saw I had a message but I thinks it's so good and nice. This is everything I wanted.. I showed her and she was so surprised. She doesn't know reddit and thought it would all be crap. Thank you so much.  




 I love how it is advertised. You will hear the music the way the artist intended. 

http://pocketnow.com/2014/08/07/beats-dedicated-apple-online-store 




 What can I say. Unfortunately I do care. I am a slave of modern beauty ideals 




 Nope, no beach I'm afraid. That would be awesome (in general) 




 Yeah, sounds pretty amazing.  









 I just love Germany sometimes. 

When is your flight? 

20 o'clock. 

Everybody understands. 

 









 NB looks a LOT cheaper than Nike.  




 I don't actually. And if I am honest, I don't even know what that is. Considering my wrist hurts right now, I guess I will be reading up on that tonight. 

Thanks for the advice 




 Sorry, the sandals. I'm sure they are not because I guess people would not recommend them.  




 Yeah, I saw that just now. What the hell. 

I guess I'll just keep using my running shoes then.  




 Thanks. I'll consider it. 

They look difficult to run in if you ask me.  




 My GF made that same experience. If you need to get started with easier exercise I recommend this. It's the all time top post here. It is what I am doing and I really love it. I am sure the easiest exercises will be fine for anybody. 

[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/)
 




 Hmm, I am done in about 1 hour - 1 hour 20 mins. 
I run 5 mins, do 

handstand 3 sets

push ups 3 sets

squats 3 set

pull ups 3 sets

leg raises 3 sets

vertical pulls 3 sets

then I run for 20 minutes and then stretch for 5. 

I feel like 2 hours would kill me.  




 I prefer shoes. It does not have to be THAT inexpensive. I am also not a fan of blisters. 




 Any recommendation for some inexpensive shoes for this? 




 I hate horse girls.

Edit: 
She will spend all his money on horses. 




 5' 8" 180 lbs. A mix of muscular and too much fat. Nothing ever fits. Any advice?  














 Louis Vuitton belt?

I would have not expected that from this guy... 




 Thank you for posting this. I wanted to ask you to share. How long did it actually take? 




 Haha! 
Love it.  




 I want to live in Asia, North and South America and Australia for at least a year each. I think it must be so enriching to experience the differences and would surely make you more understanding.  




 I mean that parents fail to teach this and children who don't look so cool or don't have a smartphone seem to fall behind even if they are super nice people.  




 Old people (40+) like me, which is a massive advantage at work.  




 They invited you, so you can't be that bad of a candidate. They are testing you, play along. 




 Treat people based on how they behave, not how they look or what they have. This is becoming a problem.  




 And it is true 




 In the summer: White Wine Spritzer

I get a lot of shit from my mates... 




 Because they are confident. People always say this. From my point of view there is so much more to this:

- The woman you are talking about could be a dickhead too
- Maybe the guy just looks like a douche but is actually nice and not at all a dick. I have met guys like that. But maybe they are confident and that's why you think they are, well, what you said above
- I know lots of women who are not with the type of guy you are talking about even though they are fit. You are probably paying more attention to people who confirm your suspicion. 
- Confidence makes really sexy and these guys have a lot of that.  




 Why do they always try to push boundaries? 




 Ask them something stupidly arrogant but at the same time make sure your question show that you do not actually understand yourself, like:

What is a prime number of 5?

See how she/he reacts.  




 I did and I hate myself for it. 

Edit: Ah sorry, I am not married. It was/is my GF.  




 A friend of mine works as a flight attendant. After the flight she has to hold up a basket with tiny chocolates. So many people think they are so funny when they say:

"I'll take the whole basket!" whilst making a move for it and stopping just before they actually touch it. 

Yes never knows how not to sound bored... 




 I am an expediter. 

My boss loves to make jokes about his wife expediting him. It is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooo lame 




 The article mentions real antisemitic happenings. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" in Germany is not differentiating. For them it is all them same it seems. Everybody who opposes Israel is an antisemit. They are calling for solidarity ([here](http://www.tagesspiegel.de/meinung/zentralrat-der-juden-fordert-mehr-solidaritaet-das-hier-ist-deutschland-2014-nicht-1938/10276918.html) in German) which is ridiculous. 

Not that I am saying any jewish people anywhere in the world shuld feel unsafe because of the actions of the Israeli government. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" a powerful Jewish organisation is, like the Israeli government, immune to reason and accountability.   




 Ok, that is awful. I did not know about this.  




 Forget about the evil merchant. The Israeli government is currently killing children in Gaza as far as I know. 

It is not the right way to go about it though. I do agree with that.  




 Well, same thing happened to Merkel being compared to Hitler. There are always some idiots. But I understand there is also some "well behaved" criticism that Israel does not want to accept.   




 http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2c8i8w/nato_bombed_5000_civilians_in_kosovo_just_because/

For example. I have read something similar in Der Spiegel. 




 The way I see it Israel is trying to shame people into being quite about what Israel is doing to the people living in Gaza. 

Just because the people in Israel who commit these crimes are Jewish does not mean that people who oppose them are being antisemitic. 









 I really like Marc O'Polo ()

http://www.marc-o-polo.de/

It's kind of hard to get outside of Germany but the quality is amazing and the stuff looks brillian.  




 When you post, please also post webaddress of online shops and price
=cheap (H M)
 = not so cheap (Nike)
= really not cheap at all (Ralph Lauren)
 = expensive (you know, the stuff nobody buys)

I would love to get to know some cool brand not everybody knows. 
 




 Was it really? I just ignored it because I was a bit annoyed with the fact it does not end.  




 Installed it, love it!

Thanks! 




 I am using an HTC One M7 with SentinelRom 6.0. It is based on CM11. Do you guys know how I can integrate all my facebook contacts and calendars?

I would really appreciate some help.  




 I have been doing bodyweight fitness for a short while now and I really like it. I feel good because I am doing something to improve my body. I cannot yet see a big difference but the fact that I am working out regularly makes a big difference to my state of mind. However, there is a downside. Well, two actually.

1. My thighs have become bigger and now my suits do not fit me anymore. I can almost not wear my trousers anymore when I have my phone and wallet in my pockets. 

2. I am not sure if I am imagining this, but because there is less space available between my thighs and also in my trousers, my testicles started hurting. 

Has anybody had a similar experience? 
Any suggestions how to deal with it? 

BTW second problem is much worse than number 1.  




 Hi,

I am trying to use the kernel for the SentinelRom 6.0 provided by the dev

https://github.com/CyanogenMod-11/android_kernel_htc_m7

But I do not know how. I understand that you need the zip and need to flash it in the recovery. I downloaded the zip on that page (right side of the screen) but it always says failed, when I try to flash it. 

Do you guys know how to do it?

Many thanks in advance.  




 I am asking here because I use Android and would like to nw if there is any link.  



















 I would like to find a subreddit, where people upload pictures they took in RAW format for other people to edit. 

I would also like to upload my pictures to see what other people can do with it.

I would appreciate your help. 









 I find imdb.com incredibly useful to get information about movies I might want to watch and also I like to idea of keeping a record of what I have watched and how I liked the movie right after I watched it. 

I would love to know if there is anything similar.  














 Like said I got it as a present which is why I am reading it. 

I saw that it has 7000 reviews on amazon.co.uk with 4.5 stars average which I think means that it is a very popular book. Also I heard lots of people talk about it. 

I have read the first 80 pages and really struggle to keep reading. The reasons are:

- The life of the protagonist seems super unrealistic. I read it and think that even though I know it's fiction there is no way I can believe this story or identify myself with it. 
- The jokes he makes seem calculated and also it seems like it's not genuine. It seems like he has taken the kind of humour from somebody else because it was successful.
- Last but not least I read, that he wote a second book which follows the exact same scematic as this one. I dislike that because it lacks heart. 

What do you gusy think? Shall I keep reading? 














 Hey guys, 

I have started bodyweight fitness but would like to learn a bit more about the results that I can expect if I am diligent. 

My primary goal is not to gain strength for the sake of it. I would say that I don't lack strength because I have always been working out. I am a little too fat though and I find that I cannot move the way I would like to because of it.

My goal is to get rid of some of my fat and get lean. I do not actually want to get a lot bigger because I have very wide shoulders as it is and I am quite short. I have started the routine that is suggested in one of the top posts (the one that has a picture of all the different progressions in it. I was able to star pretty much everything in the middle.

I would love to know if other people had the same goal and if they succeeded.

Oh, and I want to be able to do one armed push ups, of course. ;)

I'd appreciate any feedback. Progression picks always good 














 I was just thinking, if we were to colonize for example Mars, could we actually fly planes there? 

















































 I really like to see people's handwriting. I have seen some really beautiful ones and it always amazes me. [Here](http://imgur.com/m2545wF) is mine FYI.

To show it off please write the following sentence:

*The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog*

Apparently it contains every letter of the alphabet. I did not bother to check... 




 I moved to London 2 years ago and have been working quite a lot. 

I would like to get back to making music. Anybody interested? I produce hip hop and r b. I would love to meet singers or writers. 

Let me know if you're interested. 

Maybe you can meet somebody else here who in interested in your type of music too.  




 So, I have been reading some books and saw one video trying to explain 11 dimensions. Then I had a though. I am really not good at explaining it but I'll try my best.

Maybe the universe is not actually endless, it is just a closed loop. Imagine somebody who is only able to perceive 1 dimension. his world looks like this ------------ . He can move left and right. If you put both ends of his world together you get a circle. Now if the person would walk left (or right) for long enough he would realise he is living on a cirlce because he will get back to the start. Now if the circle is bigger than the person can travel in a lifetime, he will never get back to the start and will therefore think his universe in endless. 

If you apply the same to a 2D world the person can walk left, right, up and down. Again, his world might seem endless to him, but in fact it might just be a sphere too big for him to travel across in one lifetime. 

Now what if that is the same with our universe? Maybe it is actually folded in such a way that whichever direction you traveled you would eventually get back to Earth. Because we live in it and cannot perceive the next dimension up, our minds cannot picture such a folded 3D object but that doesn't mean its not possible. 

For me this would be much easier to understand that to grasp infinity.

I hope I explained myself good enough for people to understand. 

TL;DR: Universe is not actually infinite, just a folded 3D onject (similar to a circle in 1D and a sphere in 2D). We will just never find out because it is too big for us to travel. 

What do you think? 










































































 Religious people might object, but as I see it, there is no universal authority that determines "If you do this, then this should happen to you."  




 I think it would be interesting to know:
How much do people earn on average (maybe you can estimate)
How much rent do you pay (is that in the expensive or cheap part of town?)
How much does it cost to go out? 




 I would like to know what features you like that your system does not have, but the other one does.  


































 Even taking into consideration that 2D maps are not accurately showing the world and that Earth is not a perfect sphere, I do not understand why a plane would fly over the sea north of Russia to get from London to Tokyo (for example). Please, can somebody explain? 
























 Thanks for that. I can't believe that happened.  




 Whatever, then. I'm not interested then.  




 Not one person here can tell me how tall or heavy they are in metric units, bro. Also people measure their dicksize in inches, bro.  




 What's that failed mission? 




 Do Americans even favour the imperial system or is it just too much of a pain to change? 




 I am sure nobody doubts this. Still the US and the UK use the imperial system. 




 Let's assume the moon is not going to be colonised by the US/China/Russia/etc... alone but as a joint effort by humanity as a whole.  




 Best feeling ever! 




 I would like to at least consider investing in my first home. However the 250k+ properties are out of my reach. I really only want a decent studio with kitchen or maybe 1 bedroom flat. 

I would be interested to hear what you guys think. 

Also has anybody tried to use help to buy scheme? 




 I have the month widget. Birthdays always show as actual birthday and also as event. I don't like that it's always shown twice. Any solution for that? (I sync my contacts with facebook and have them linked) 




 Hi guys, is there anything like the auto hibernation of greenify for non rooted phones? (z3c) 




 It is not only because there are other 5+ inch devices that are also good. It's because a big screen phone is nothing new. But a phone that you can use with one hand which has a great battery life and still is a flagship has not been seen so far  




 I am curious what rich people think poor (poorer) people are doing that is stupid or unreasonable. Why do you think they are poor or not as rich as you.

Anything goes.  




 Thanks 




 Cool. Thanks. That is what I was hoping for.  




 ah, ok. I started with a little under 84kg and now I am at 81. I read that losing 0.5kg per week is not healthy and realistic. I have been working out for more than 2 months now. 

Actually, writing it down it seems perfectly fine progress. 

I am not actually a beginner. I have worked out very irregularly the last 3 years. but I am not weak. 

No idea about bf%. I don;t know where to measure that. 
My TDEE with no excercise is 2100 and I eat 1600 a day. However I do work out 3 times a week. 

I appreciate you taking the time.  




 He is right. But what got me started was this because it is easy to start with and does not require any effort to get started. 

Some don't like bodyweightfitness but it is much better than doing nothing. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/ 




 go on... 




 so, this site tells me (depending on how much exercise I do, light or moderate) that I should eat 2400kcal (light exercise) or 2700kcal (moderate exercise) to maintain my weight. I am currently working out 3 times a week and trying to eat 1600kcal per day. Should I eat more than that to maintain my muscle?

edit: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30 years old male. 

and thank you btw.  




 Hey, thank you also for replying. I have also said this to somebody else. I would like to generally understand the workings of the body. I appreciate that some people are different. But I would like to know generally what eating at a deficit/surplus does to your body when you workout/don't workout.  




 Hey, thanks for replying. Basically, what I was aiming at was to gather knowledge. I just want to understand the principles of gaining/losing weight and gaining/losing muscle. 

But I am 174cm tall, weight 81.5kg am 30 years old and currently eat 1650 kcal a day. I am working out 3 times per week (bodyweightfitness) 




 Hello,

I have tried to ask this in /r/bodyweightfitness but had little luck. I think it might be interesting for many people so I am trying here one more time. 

Please could we collect information on what will happen in the following cases:

(Please assume the following just for the sake of an easy explanation: 2000kcal required for maintenance.)

Cases:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

In all of these cases, what will happen to fat and muscle, will it increase, decrease or stay the same?

__

What I am assuming is this, but I think I might be wrong:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease

Amount of fat: will decrease

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will not change / increase slightly

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease slightly

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will increase

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase

Amount of fat: will increase slightly

__

I would be really thankful if you guys could provide some information. Because at the moment I am not reaching my goals. I am eating -500kcal per day and doing bodyweightfitness 3 times a week . I am losing weight very slowly and hardly putting on any muscle. I am getting stronger though. However I would like to lose fat and gain muscle.

Many thanks in advance.

EDIT: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30yo male.  




 God, this sucks. 




 Why is that? 









 Free Internet porn.
For sure. Have you seen family guy? Even 1st would people who find out about it can't believe it at first  




 Best gif ever. I wish I could use that as my wallpaper

Edit: I am sure i can somehow. I am not actually interested to do that... 




 Apparently it is a LINE feature. What a coincidence.  




 Oh, ok. What a twist 




 Sorry, does great not mean better than good anymore? 




 Ah, alright. My SO has a MOTO G and I saw that on her phone when she gets a message through LINE. I though it was a LINE feature. 

Thank you.  




 Did you drug your dog to post him on the internet? 




 That is not correct either. It's just that Japanese idealize it. In the Japanese culture there are a few things everybody wants to do and Paris (or Mt Saint Michel for example) is one of them. It is being portrayed in a way that is completely unrealistic and people kind of expect a Disney Land like experience. Also it is not like this applies to the majority of Japanese. I think it is just a few idiots with no sense of reality who fall for the unrealistic image of Paris.    




 Yes, I agree. When you go to Paris with a Parisian and he shows you places where its not horrifically expensive it is amazing. French food and wine is worth the trip alone and in the Summer people in Paris sit by the river and drink all day long like students.   




 It's BS. I have been many times and whilst it has it's downsides (dirty, rude, dangerous at night near train stations or in the outer areas) it is amazing. Paris is absolutely worth going to, you just need to know its not all sunshine and gummy bears.  




 Don't forget the unbelievably rude Parisians.  




 I have that phone. The battery is great but it's not really 2 days. Seriously  




 I've got the z3c. Can I also do that? UK? 




 Sorry, what is active display? 




 And to commute to work? 




 Just by it from the UK.  Clove.Co.uk 




 Guess what: The blue lights are the only reason I think they look like Tron.  




 Fair enough. I think you have a point. But Sheldon is annoying as fuck and not entertaining. 




 He just becomes more and more ignorant to the fact he's annoying and that everything he says is rude. He has no periods where he is normal at all anymore  




 I feel like he is not saying single normal sentence anymore. 









 Cool thanks you. I'll do that  




 Thank you. Any good alternative to City Mapper for London? It eats battery  




 A little better than mine. 

Personally I do not like blue flowers a lot, but the pictures are nice. 




 I have to admit that the focus is not good though. 









 I am surprised this doesn't get more love. I think it is awesome. Really nice colours! 




 This would be a good phone wallpaper. 




 Sweet.  




 I am jealous. I where is this?

Edit: God, I do not read. It says where it is in the title. Sorry.  




 You're in good company  




 Is my understanding correct, that all the stars I see around the galaxy are stars from the milky way that are between that Sombrero Galaxy and us? 




 You don't like that? Don't buy it. Jesus Christ 




 Get the HTC M7 then. Full HD 4.7" , premium material. Stil quick enough for all you want to do. I used to have that phone. I also love the sense UI. I only changed to the z3c because of the battery and camera. I don't regret my choice. 

But keep in mind that the HTC One M7 only has a 0.1" bigger screen, but it also has the back and home button separate. The z3c has them on the screen. That means you get a screen with is 0.1" smaller and is also occupied by the navigation button at the bottom.  




 So, I also had the HTC M7 which is amazing in terms of looks and feel. I now have the black z3c and I love it. The plastic rim is nothing like the one of the HTC One M7 mini. It will nevrev bother me. I am sure about that. It is a bit see through so it does not look like cheap plastic at all.  




 Why do you recommend turning the X reality off? 




 I used to run 20 minutes before every workout. But I was a bit knackered afterwards for the workout. Now I run on different days and do 30-40 minutes. I HATE running but I feel so good after continously doing it 




 He means doing push ups one day and dips on the next. That's what start bodyweight recommends. 




 So, just to make it clear (because I am not seeing much progress):

Go all the way down until you just hang there with a straight arm? 




 What? I paid 10 for a pair. Shit

Edit: [Proof](http://www.tmlewin.co.uk/Metal-Collar-Bones-6.5cm/505097552699,en_GB,pd.html?prefn1=categoryCIMS start=0 cgid=Mens-Shirt-Accessories prefv1=Collar%20Bones). But of course this pair comes with a nice bag.  









 I thought that before. That should work. 




 I wanted 4 years of my life on this shit. No more 




 Exactly  




 True, but for me that does not justify being a dick

Edit: actually I just thought about it. Not necessarily. If everybody else would not tolerate that one asshole there would be no problem. 
 




 I do understand that very well, thank you. You are saying that people won't behave the way I suggest because it would only benefit them if everyone else also behaved that way. However it seems more likely to people that even if they behave correctly, everyone else won't thus putting themselves at a disadvantage. Therefore, they also behave incorrectly.

However, somebody needs to do the first step and bite the bullet. However it seems to me you won't be the one. 




 I disagree. People have high expectations for EVERYTHING. The way they get talked to by waiters, how their boss should behave, how their children should respect them, how they deserve this and should not be treated in this way... the list is endless. 

And that's all fine, if they are willing to treat people in the same way in return.  




 No, just "give what you expect to get". 




 Says everybody who is not willing to do the first step. 




 Sounds interesting.  Might actually give it a try  




 Just tried a few times. It's pretty much instantly if you use the touch screen. The hardware button is much slower though.

Edit: just realised, instantly is not specific. I think honestly, you can press the camera button, focus and take the pic in a second  




 Haha, you dick.  :) 




 Not sure if you are asking if I have regrets. But if you are, then:

I always think that every wrong decision is fine as long as at the time I made it, it seemed like the right decision considering what I knew then. I don't regret these decisions. 

Every time I was warned and did it anyway, those are the moments I regret.  




 Sort it out maybe? 




 Everybody should stop fucking people over for money. 

The problem is that even though you are in a position where you can get rich by:

- using inferior ingredients in the food you sell
- charging too much for your shitting product
- spying on people and then selling the data
- bla 
- bla 
- bla

The same thing is happening to you all the time because there are others out there who do the same. If everybody stopped doing it we could all live better lives. 




 Please make my life better. 




 I feel like everybody could end up being mentioned in here. People always think everybody else is stupid.  




 So white! 




 Sorry, that's not what I meant. 




 Cool. I'll give it a shot.

Thanks 




 Sorry to hear that. Maybe I was lucky then, I honestly dropped it more than 10 times. 




 I agree with you 100%. 

A person who has made a mistake should always have a second chance (hopefully they learn from it). I also believe that this forgetting thing only works after a long time anyway. 

However a company should have to provide an address, just to make sure they are not doing any shady stuff. I mean if your apps are legit, then there is no problem with that anyway.  




 I totally understand that. But my fingers are too short for the big screen.  




 why have you got duplicates?
I don't understand.  




 I bought if for 350. The compact, but I don't think that is expensive for a good phone.  




 Z3 compact has a burst mode. You click once, it take about 20 pictures and you select the best one. I have only tried it without actually wanting to take a picture but seems to be working fine.  




 I had a HTC One M7, dropped it a million time. I few bends, but the phone does not break even without a case. I loved the phone, because of Sense. Best UI in my eyes. But the battery life was terrible. I now got a Z3 compact and I think I will love it. No case either. Battery seems good, but I don't see it as being as amazing as everybody says.  




 How do you know?  




 Cool thanks  




 It's BS. Use street view and you will see that a lot of the outer areas of "greater Tokyo" are just farmland. 

It is not a good comparison because there are no "rules" for calling an area greater XXX. If they wanted they could call the whole of South West England greater London. 

Edit: Just look at the marked area here. It is just hills and forest. Same with all North East of it. 
http://imgur.com/8z06YN8 




 Has anybody seen a good example? I haven't. 

What kind of stuff do you look for? 




 I feel like the brackets are UNNECESSARY 




 [Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 




 I agree. What does it matter what it says on the spec sheet. If it looks good, I'm fine with it.  




 Yep, my HTC One M7 is dead by the time I get on the bus home.  




 Nah, unfortunately they are simply not big enough. 

For example [this one](http://38.media.tumblr.com/45ff3d004d94899ba4d9cd907b0f7d17/tumblr_nadyoe0ilY1rtbxrwo1_500.jpg) is awesome, but the res is 500x750. No chance unfortunately. I don't think all the pictures have the same resolution, but none are big enough. 

I love the pictures though.  




 HTC One M7. 1920x1080 














 Haha! 




 Are you serious? There have been over 1000 fatalities so far. Survival rate is 10%. The whole of western Africa is about to collapse because of it. 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-28798542 




 I just saw there is a transort tycoon, not OPenTTD. Just baught it. Will give it a shot
 




 Thanks. I'll give it a try.  




 Cool. Did not know. Thanks.  














 Is it me or is the resolution way too small to use the pictures as wallpapers? 




 I really think it is too tight at the bottom, no? 









 Ok. Did not realise that. Thanks for sharing  




 First of all: amazing work. It looks brilliant and I love the idea. 
Can I ask what you are planning to integrate apart from Fb (which I don't really read) and twitter (which I don't really use?). Are you going to I crude an RSS reader? Or reddit? If that would be the case I'd be super interested in using it. 

However I also think it would be better if it was an launcher with a dedicated home screen where I can add my widgets. 

Or maybe slide left to a screen where you can only add widgets which can also be scrolled down just like the app drawer? Then it would be everything I need.  




 You are right, but I think it's fair to assume that by hold he means use. Why would you just hold a phone? I can also hold a 10 inch tablet in one hand but that information is pretty useless...  




 So, just accept nothing is ever going to change?  




 Does make a difference though. I always thought "Why is everything so cheap in Amercia?" But it seems it isn't.

Thanks 




 Pretty sure that was the plan.  
























 Just came to see if anybody dared to say rape and if it was upvoted 

Edit: checked the top 5, it wasn't there, I was surprised  




 299 is a lot of money for what they offer, isn't it?

You can almost get a decent phone for that money  




 I don't seem to understand what that means. Is it

A) there will be a way to simply change to a different room provided by Sony or

B) I still have to unlock the bootloader to get this (and accept the drawbacks)

 









 If he is saying that he is proud of himself that he is making this step despite all the shit that people will give him, then ok, I agree.

If he is proud of being gay, I repeat, what is there to be proud of? 




 What is there to be proud of. I'm happy for them that they know what they want but there is nothing to be proud of. 

It's like saying I'm proud of liking the colour blue  









 I was at a lake he was swimming to a little island and back. On the way back he was struggling but at first I thought he was messing with hims SO. Then she started panicking. I jumped in a saved him. He almost caused us both to drown. 
After I got up asked if he was ok and walked away.  




 Let's say 10 years from now.  




 How is that? 




 It got cheap. for me that is perfect. I do not need anything apart from a seat on my flight. I just want to get there fast and cheap. 




 I agree with you. I think the problem is that:

- It easy for people to make music now. Access to instruments and digital instruments is cheap and everybody has a PC
- Publishing on the internet is easy 
- people are stupid

Conclusion is that there is a lot of shit music that is published and stupid people consume it which is why it is on the radio all day.

BUT, people with skill have been making better music every year. 




 America.

And the rest of the western world for that matter. America is just ahead. Rich are getting richer, poor are getting poorer and soon it won't be white masters and black slaves, but rich masters and poor slaves. 




 What does that even mean? 




 Since when is awesomeness not included in that equation? 




 Saved a boy's life and walked away without saying anything. I will always be that mysterious hero.  




 Not my original thought but: 

We should all be against it for one reason: The argument "somebody who's got nothing to hide has got nothing to fear" is BS because accepting that puts you in the position to have to explain yourself. The government should not be able to look at all your shit and ask: why, what, when? What if you haven't done anything but struggle to explain something that looks dodgy? 

The government should be the one having to explain why there is a good reason to investigate you. 

this is not about protecting us from terrorists, this is about protecting the normal people from the government.  









 Also, he does not explicitly say it but I feel he wants more money they more the song gets played but still wants the price for Spotify to be higher. 

The way I see it I either:

- Pay once and own it forever (higher amount)
- Pay regularly and get access (lower amount)

I simply will not pay for Spotify if it costs me $50 per month. 

I really dislike his article. Poor him for only earning 10 instead of 40 million.  




 How did you go about learning? I am interested 

Edit: just played and I am super frustrated. I find it too hard to casually play it  




 Good morning.

I am looking for a weather widget that shows pictures of my location. Like yahoo weather just as a widget.

Edit: nevermind. Apparently yahoo weather has widgets. I'm an idiot  




 Just remind me, what is the traditional way?  




 Works fine again. I am not sure how you are able to do it so quickly and hw you are even able to identify the problem but all I can say is thank you! Awesome work. 

I like your app! 




 Hey, first of all: thank you.

I updated and it worked fine. Great app. Now I updated again thought and I've got the same problem as before. 

BTW, what are the scores based on? 




 Maybe I am misunderstanding but there are loads.

Best one is

Linkme mangarock 




 Keeps crashing on my z3c. But I am more than interested. Do you know what the problem might be? 




 I don't actually know what the keyboard is but the new Sony z3 has an amazing keyboard. It is almost like SwiftKey, just better. Predictions seem better and the layout is nicer. Only thing I miss is the dedicated numbers row  




 Why is she not sweating?  




 Well, I do not. I'm pretty sure OP will be alright.  




 Does nobody care about the fact that somebody killed themselves?

Poor her must have had a shit life.  




 OP I think your edit is great. The best out of all of them. Great picture as well. 




 I used to think that religion is the biggest problem we have on earth. I used to think that Muslims hate Christians and vice versa.

However I have come to the conclusion that the problem is not religion at all. It is that a large percentage of people are greedy, aggressive and stupid. The majority of these people that make up the followers of Islam and Christianity are no Muslims or Christians, they are idiots. They do not follow the teachings of their religion in the slightest. The cherry pick the rules that they follow and do not give a shit about many of the rules that actually are not at all optional (stealing, murdering, drinking alcohol, having sex, eating certain things, the list is long). 

These people judge other bases on a set of rules that they in no way want to follow themselves and just turn a blind eye to their fellow "believers" and everybody just hops that nobody ever mentions that they are all a bunch of sinners. 

And it the same with non religious people. People say you should do this and that and should not do this and that, but when it comes to it people's beliefs go out the window pretty quickly. And all just because people are greedy. 

I hate humans more than I am able to say and I am sure what I have written does not even begin to explain what I feel. 

I will do my best to live what I preach.  




 Do you sometimes feel like you have got something intelligent to share and you wish people would just listen for you for 10 seconds and then maybe spend another 5 minutes to discuss what you have just said? 

I do.  




 And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

will always love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuu 




 Yeah, I don't like OP's argument. But this is a good enough counter argument  




 Let me know when you get an update. I am also interested.  




 I feel stupid for asking. What do you mean by that?  




 Understood. Will go with wordpress 




 Hey, I have decided to go with wordpress. But I'll still have a look at this.  




 Our host provide wordpress integration. We'll go for that. I will def lok through your guide. I am a beginner so if you want I'll give you feedback for your guide.  




 It's for my dad's business. Just as a place customers can come for information and contact. Nothing fancy. I'm gonna use wordpress now.  




 Hi,
I appreciate your offer. However we would like to try ourselves. The feedback I got here was really good. Thank you. 




 That is what I will do. Currently playing around with it. Thank you also for your feedback.  




 I am going for wordpress. Thank you for your feedback.  




 That is what I went for. Thank you! 




 Hey,

I had a webhoest before and we are kind of stuck with them for a year. However they offer wordpress integration so we'll use that now. Thank you. All of you helped me a lot.  




 Hey, I decided to go with wordpress. I am now in the process of building it. Thank you. I appreciate you took the time to answer.  




 Thank you for your feedback. Decided to go with wordpress.  




 So, just to give you some feedback. I have now changed to wordpress. it's easiest for me and my dad. As soon as I am done I'll send you the result if you are interested.

Thank you very much for your help.  




 It's called 3 ways:
It starts with a scene where a young guy sits in front of a gangster in his office. The guys says, you got three possibilities: Run, lie or do what I am asking you to do. if you don't do what I am asking you to do, I will kill your girlfriend. We will never find out what he did. Not flashbacks (flashbacks are for the prequel)
Then the movie shows all three possibilities at the same time and at the end you will find out which of the three turned out to be the one he should have chosen and which one he chose. 

the movie will constantly switch between the three.

Awesome, right? Anybody wants to buy the script? 




 I thought you meant how do I feel about using make up myself. Not sure if that is what you mean, but I will answer it anyway:

I don't mind if men wear it. From my point of view there is nothing gay about it, if men do it well. However, I can't even stand cream on my hands, so I will never do it, no matter if it is acceptable or not.  




 You don't know what you don't know. Listen to people with experience. They know what they don't know.

It took me a while to understand this.  




 It is the other way round, surely.  




 I dont like the way you write, but I agree with you.  




 Losing weight. Of course there are 100 different opinions how to achieve it, but so many people get it 100% wrong and expect so much in so little time and then give up because they are disappointed. 

I get so frustrated with these people, not because they don't achieve anything, but because they don't want to listen. 




 Most difficult and I am not there but somebody in my family is. Accepting that you will die, old or young. From what I can tell it makes you free.  




 I can't believe somebody else wrote this. I also commented not checking before. I have never cried so hard from a movie 




 God, I almost forgot about this one. It is a brilliant movie. Thank for refreshing my memory. Do you know any similar movies? 




 If he knew there is no afterlife.  




 Click with Adam Sandler. Yes, I know... 

But I wept like a little bitch at the end.  




 Why? 




 Why? 




 Why? 




 why? 




 Fuck off and die 

 is the Japanese way to end a request in a polite way.  




 Haha, did that must be BS.  




 Black people and chicken. Why do they not eat anything else? I mean I like chicken, but I also like salad, pork and cheese.  




 I guess it's because this is the way to be accepted in that kind of environment. 




 I love Eminem. 

But I really think that any movie, song, story that ends with waking up is just shit.  




 Please let me know your interpretation. 




 I asked a guy this exact question. He was standing in the street preaching. He opened his bible and showed me the first page and point at the first and second line of the first page. Obviously I asked him: Sorry, what do you mean? 

His answer: You have to ready between the lines. 




 "World peace and no more misery on earth if we all clap our hands on 
04/05/2015. Don't talk about it."

Then We will have America clap on 5th April and the rest of the world thought it was going to be 4th May and everybody will wonder if it would have worked if we just had the same way to write our fucking dates. 




 untrain_subject9884 




 not useless 




 not useless 




 Not useless 




 Not useless 




 Eat as much as I want and never get fat.  




 Because?

Edit: Also Aquaman is not a superpower. 




 Love! I find this really funny. 




 There are two kinds of people in this thread:

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and then gave up because they could not think of anything

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and did it.

I almost deleted this because it's boring as fuck but what I wrote above kept me from it. Don't want to be a quitter. 




 Hey, I talked to my dad yesterday. It looks like we will go with either squarespace or wordpress (probably wordpress). I really appreciate your help and explanations on this. This has been great. My dad is insisting that I find out more about how people will be able to find us on google. 

He wants us to be able to add some key words somewhere. In his opinion that is what search engines look for. However I keep telling him that a search engine (as soon as they get hold of your website) "read your website" and will show it in their results if the content of your website matches the search entry. May I ask what you say to this? 




 Same here. Love that one. 




 They are. I just called them. I am just not 100% sure. My dad trusts me with the whole thing. They only thing he keeps mentioning is: "How can we make sure people will find us on google?" 
Also, one last question. Will I have to pay extra for wordpress? Not a massive problem, just asking. 

Again guys, thank you so much. I honestly appreciate you taking your time.  




 I feel like I am going to go with this of wordpress right now.  




 Thank you I had a look at it and like it. Can I just ask: How do I transport whatever I do on squarespace to my domain? 

How about finding it on google afterwards? 




 Directly on wordpress, but that was just to get used to it. I actually just called the people from strato.de They said with what my dad bought, there is no wordpress available. They have their own wordpress type thing and I would need to change my package, which is possible without a problem. 

However they said the SEO option we now have included would then not be available. I have no idea if that is BS. 

I really would like to change to wordpress and not use their own tools because it stinks. Will it be difficult for people to find my website on google?

Sorry for these questions. It must be annoying as fuck... 




 Thank you very much for your reply. 
Actually I have tried to do it via wordpress (and I have already set up something that is good enough from my point if view). However I do not know how to transport it to where I have rented the space. I (my dad) rented the space on strato.de because his friend recommended it. Also, will it show that it is a wordpress website at the bottom? 




 Ok. Cool. I have already rented the space. I will give this a go. So basically they write the html code based on my selections? Is my understanding correct? 




 I did not downvote you. I appreciate your offer. But I would like to try myself first. How long would you need? 









 I don't like that. Thank you for replying.  




 No he really did not. 




 Why? 




 I am simply curious. You see it pretty much every day. Bus driver closes his/her doors, drivers for half an inch, sombody knocks on the door and wants to get on, bus driver refuses (and then of course sometimes that person loses it, but anyway). 

I do not actually have a problem with that because buses come every 2 minutes anyway where I live and I think the bus drivers get way too much shit for this. Clearly they are forced to do this. I was just wondering what the rules are the bus dirvers have to follow. Are they only allowed to open doors in the marked areas at bus stops? If so, why? What happens when they do open the door where there are not supposed to?

 




 Did not think about that, but it makes sense to me.  




 That is the thing it is not heavy at all and it is really good to hold in one hand. It is much easier to hold than a flat tablet. 

And honestly I do not think there is an problem with putting it between to books. It is still slimmer than a book and surely you can put a book between two books.  




 I own a Yoga 8 inch table and the hardware sucks and the UI also does. But I will never go for anything else because it is sooooo convenient. Stand work flawless, it is really comfortable to hold and the battery lasts very long. I can only recommend this tablet 




 No SD card slot is a deal breaker for any device. What the fuck?   




 First of all, I wasn't serious. But now that I think about it. For me the best game of all time is the game that I enjoyed most, so Call of Duty Black Ops is my all time favourite. There might be other games that I would have enjoyed more than this one, but out of the ones I have played this is the best.  




 Good fun playing 4 player zombies with my friends. Just good memories  




 Easy: Call of Duty Black Ops 




 Don't just have strong opinions about stuff. You MUST lead by example.  




 go on 




 Well, in [this](http://www.zeitgeistmovie.com/) movie that is discussed in depth, but it's god, not Jesus.  




 Bread that has bacon baked into it with Nutella. 

Best I ever had.  




 Answer: Immortality

However, and I have thought about this way too much, I would be so scared that my superpower would, for some magical reason, disappear, that I would never make use of it. 

Anybody else have this problem? 









 It's difficult.  




 Haha, this is great. Made me smile. Thank you! 




 I really want to try 




 Same to you! 




 Garfield. The Halloween episode scare the shit out of me.  




 It's a technicality. For example: I am now going to put/not put your wallet on the table. 

* In case I do it and we leave it there, it will be there forever.

* In case I do not put it there and neither does anybody else, it will never be there. 

At any point in the future both things forever and never have the same duration. 

Does that make sense? 




 Is this really a thing? Can I "dress up" as a homeless guy and get away with spitting into peoples mouths?

Edit: I feel like it should be dress down, not dress up... 




 No reception on your phone when going through a tunnel. 

I hate people complaining about it. However, I hate not having reception in a tunnel even more. 




 This did not happen. I don't believe you.  




 I take the bus to work every day and every single day there is another person on the bus who is weird, strange or rude in some way. However I cannot remember anybody nice on the bus at all, ever. 

So the answer is no. Not really. Unless I know people, I do not like anything they do.  




 Pasta, sweetcorn, onion, pesto.

Cook pasta
fry onion (later add sweetcorn) in a wok
add pasta after it's cooked
add pesto
add some salt and pepper if you like

VOIL! 




 Honestly, I have been looking for ages and by far the best looking shirts (IMO) are DKNY shirts. The good thing is moss.co.uk very often has them one sale. Sometimes I only pay 20 per shirt. They are simply amazing.  
























 Just asking, not making any assumptions:

Is this kind of shit (and the case in the top comment) only possible in America? I never hear shit like this happen in any other country. Of course mistakes are being made everywhere, and there are dickheads everywhere, but such a large scale fuckup does not seem to happen anywhere else but in America, the land of unlimited possibilities.  




 So, what was the end of the story? 

Who won? 

Did anybody insert anything into Haidl's rectum? (I hope so) 




 I am just wondering which of the movies (plus clone wars and rebels) people actually appreciate / don't appreciate. 

I guess just like me all fans are, above all, in love with the idea of star wars, the world and the story of jedi against sith and  the dark and bright side of the force. 




 Yeah, I would like that. 

Thanks! 




 My mother is crazy and has the radiator on the whole day even when she is at work. I am not like that at all, but I am wondering how I can make some good decisions to spend as little money as necessary and be comfortable throughout the winter. 

One question I would like to answer is: Is it better to keep a certain temperature in the house during the day or shall I turn everything off when I am not at home? 




 Really? I did not know that at this altitude you cant see the curvature. Can you link some pictures showing earth from about that height where you can hardly see curvature? 




 I thought you wanted to say that you'll get the phone, not that you get the joke 

I am glad I got your post before I started insulting you  




 You're writing that as if you are not permitted to use a windows phone and have to justify yourself. 

What happened to you? 




 I heard that before and it might be true of course. 

Personally I believe it's a way to maximise profits. I do not think R Do would be affected. Companies will innovate always to compete  




 Well, I would also be happy to.know.what it's called 




 Can somebody make that song from the video on the website into an mp3 file?

pretty pleeeeeze. 









 I will start by saying I am pro universal healthcare. 

You have pointed out the problem of the "old" system. Those who are poor or ill do not get / can't afford it. Universal healthcare makes sure that our society as a whole makes sure everybody is taken care of.

The benefits are that:
- Everybody is insured
- Even if you are an idiot and don't know what is important you still have health insurance (poor and rich)
- People are not bankrupted because they have to have expensive surgery (poor and rich)
- Price of treatment in general is much much much lower in countries with universal healthcare 

Yes the rich participate with a bigger share but they are rich so that can afford it. They also benefit from it and after paying their share they are still rich (it's not like it's making anybody poor). 




 What are they fighting over though. Life or death or whether the guy goes to heaven or hell? He looks pretty dead to me 




 my girlfriend has been diagnosed with cancer and there is only limited treatment. we basically had to accept that it can be controlled to a certain level but not cured. 

now she needs counselling but it seems nobody knows where to go. she has had some counselling but was told she is only entitled to 12 sessions in total. she will however need to regularly talk to somebody indefinitely to be able to control and understand her emotions. 

does anybody know where we could go?

any advice would be greatly appreciated.  




 What exactly does this do? 




 I was sure this was a piss take. I was very surprised  




 I like yours better 




 How is someone at home 365 days a week?  




 And what does that mean from 1-10 (10 being the best)? 









 Nobody ever admits something is great or awful. It's always not bad or not great. 




 The streets are full of vomit in London. If I was British I would find that embarrassing  




 I hope I'm not too late. I'd like to know what other people think. 

I deal with many European oil and gas manufacturers. Many of them Italian and British.

For some reason the British have such a low opinion of Italian and other southern European countries and always tell me I should not buy there and that nobody can compete with British manufacturers. 

Truth is, British manufacturers are slow, expensive, their customer service is bad, their manufacturing equipment old and their quality questionable at best. All they have left is a bright history and they seem to think that's a good enouh reason to buy from them.

Any chance you will wake up and acknowledge that mainland Europe is miles ahead of you? 




 I am scared to buy it because I don't want that book connected to my name. Can you just but it on the high street anywhere?  




 It still isn't expensive in the US. Come to Europe and fill up your tank. That feeling is horrible  




 I agree with your general view. But if sales are going down for the ipad means people stop buying them. If those people then buy an android applies a different question.  




 What is the the message?

Soundtrack is amazing BTW 




 I just love that ze Germans are making a phone that meets the desire of every German to combine private life and work  




 I am 99.999% sure your problem is not memory. The problem is that you don't listen. Believe me.  




 Are you saying sudoku players have a tendency to commit suicide?  




 ... and then I fucked "insert name of person in the story"! 




 What happened? 




 What do people mean when they post a picture and call it rare on the Internet?  




 I have used both platforms. I had an iPhone 4 for 2 years. I came over to android, found that everything I need is available and many paid iOS apps are free on the play store. 

Your Eurosport example does not convince me.  




 Would you mind being more specific?  




 The "R.I.P my inbox" is not at all obligatory.  




 Sorry, I am not suitable to answer that question then. Good luck.  




 Yes, I understand that, but most of them would call themselves Christians I assume.  




 That is what I believe too. I am not from the US but as far as I can tell, people there appreciate if somebody believes in god and basically is a good Christian. So I assumed that musicians do this to be accepted.  




 I agree with that, but I think it's fair to assume that most of these believe in the bible and Jesus Christ.  




 I mean it because many of the promote the fact that they are whores, gangsters, criminals, drinkers and so on. Does not really go hand in hand.   




 I guess Air Droid then. But you have to be connected to the same wifi.  




 Strange because I can hear notifications just fine, but I can't hear my ringtone when somebody calls me. I have a z3c 




 You can access your PC through your phone with Teamviewer. Not sure if this is what you want. It brilliant though.  




 Sorry, I have not been hating and I have not been cocksucking. I said two things:

- I think Android premium phones are better than iPhones. 

- I did not say iPhones are shit or not good. I just said that they are no. 2 on the list. 

I personally dislike that fact that people perceive the iPhone to be the best phone you can get because you can get something that is (in my personal opinion better) at least equal for a lot less money. 




 I never said that iPhones are no good. They are great, but I think Android phones are better which makes iPhones the contender. Everything I am saying. iPhones are perceived to be the best because of high profits and premium image but I personally think that from a quality, performance for money and usability perspective they are inferior.  




  but crippling them and putting the original victim and others out of work is just fucking stupid.

exactly. Like I said the rule should not be made with the intention of actually applying it. It shall prevent people from braking the law.  









 If you argue like this nothing will change. The intention of such a rule would not be to find offender and cripple them, but to prevent people from doing it. 

If a company then willingly pays less than MW, funk them and good night. This sort of thing does not "happen" it will be somebody's fault 




 What does that have to do with the quality of the phone? 




 Take the iPhone head on? The iPhone is the device that has to try and catch up with android devices. What are you talking about?

Edit: sorry, I checked with my mum and she agreed, iPhone is best. My bad  




 That's what seems to be happening to me... Sometimes it's really fast.  




 I looks really fake. I mean, it is fake, since it is from a movie, but it also looks fake.  




 I feel you.  




 Ducks. Because they are incredibly cute. 

I even stopped eating them.  




 Only lasts a second when your hand goes in your pocket until you realise: Wrong pocket 




 I am just ever so slightly changing the question:

I went to a wedding. Saw an old friend of mine who I haven't seen in years (we call him James). I left the wedding early, because my girlfriend was unwell. 

The next day another friend of mine (Mike) asks me: Is that guy James your friend? I say yes. Mike then tells me that James told him (Mike) how he loved him and missed him and wished that they would spend more time together and nothing is the same anymore, bla bla bla. 

Turns out, James though Mike was me. And only because we both shave our heads.

True story 




 I am on three and it has been incredibly slow lately. I wonder if its them or my phone.  




 I clicked the diet link and read all of it. 

They mention "Old School new body", a workout. Is that any good? 




 Can I keep tax and insurance from Germany?  




 Ok, I feel like these are not popular at all, but from my point of view Lenovo tablets are unbeatable. 
I had the first gen ([this one](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lenovo-8-inch-Tablet-Silver-Metal/dp/B00G459J5W)). I love it. It is not very fast and the Lenovo skin is not great, but I installed Nova launcher and then its fine. You get SD card support and the screen is fantastic in my opinion. For browsing and watching movies it is great because it has the stand. Battery life is incredible. 

Now they launched the new generation ([here](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lenovo-YOGA-10-1-Tablet-Silver/dp/B00O636JFW/ref=sr_1_1?s=computers ie=UTF8 qid=1416244949 sr=1-1 keywords=yoga+tablet+2)). They both come in 10 inch and 8 inch. And the new generation also comes with Windows 8.1. I really think this is a great product. And the prices are really reasonable. 
 




 No matter if it is your teacher, parent, boss or arch enemy. We all hated someone and eventually became like them. What is your story? 




 I don't know why you are being downvoted. I agree with you. Even if you can disable them, I do not want them on my phone. I knew what I was buying and it's fine, but I really would like if I could just deleted what I don't want to have. 

I think it's a fair comment.  




 OK, wasnt so hard. Deleted the theme. 




 nope. 30 minutes. and 11 hours overall 




 Do you thinks that's ever going to happen?

Also Ahsoka's story... 




 Whom are you buying/making it for?
What are you buying/making? 




 Did you just get the phone or do a factory reset? I had that problem after a factory reset. The account was not linked correctly with the phone. After a new wipe it worked fine 




 my s3 has the problem that after 11 hours and only 30 min screen on time the battery is dead. 

looking at what used it up, it says 35% by cyanogenmod theme. 

how do I get that sorted? anybody had that problem?  




 I commented Grievous and immediately regretted it. She is the best  




 General Grievous 




 Watch this. It is very informative and entertaining

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyYgnhhKFw 




 Next time, please answer the questions within 1 minute of the OPtime.  




 I'd like to see his reply to this. 

So you did post a lot of shit on his sub, but not for the reason that OP says?

You said AMA so I just keep on going if you don't mind. What is your motivation modding and getting involved in the subs in question? 




 Please post your favourite. Please only post the names of characters without anything else. If you have anything to say about why, please comment. 

If already posted, please upvote.

Please upvote up to 3 characters. To see which 

----

If this has been done before, please forgive me.  




 What happened from your point of view? Where is OP right/wrong in your opinion?

Why are you three guys now the mods of that sub? 

Thanks for responding.  




 How did they become America's closest ally?
Why are they still America's closest ally? 




 I find this very interesting, but I would like to know: 

Who are these three guys then?  /u/UncleSamuel , /u/fritzly, and /u/Semebay? 




 What are the values and do you also see the downsides? 




 The illusion of being able to do what the hell you want. 

Why illusion? You know why. 




 Why do you like / dislike what he does and what he stands for? 




 I did not realise. Thank you!

Where is this BTW? 




 I never get this. So for example 'Barack Obama sonic the hedgehog' or what?  




 Just awesome.  




 somebody else said they were hitting on his wife.  




 Typical Eastern European move. They love that shit.  




 Please ELI5: 

When the ambient temperature is low, temporarily decreasing the temperature setting on a building's programmable thermostat (e.g. at night or when it is unoccupied) rather than maintaining a steady temperature can save a significant amount of energy.[304] A common myth is that if the building is allowed to cool, its furnace has to "work harder" to reheat it to a comfortable temperature, counteracting or even exceeding the energy saved while the temperature was allowed to drop. Actually this practice can result in energy savings of five to fifteen percent as the heat lost by a warm structure in a cold environment is proportional to the temperature difference between the inside and outside of the structure. 




 You know, the 3-4 thousand you get for 500000 plays doesn't sound too bad considering you record the song once and don't do anything after that. Nothing. Money just keeps coming in whilst you are at home eating cocopops. 

I would love that 




 yeah, why post something that says the opposite of what you're trying to prove? 




 Well, that doesn't count for me.too close to earth. Technically space, but I don't count that 




 I do not see one that is incorrect. I am not saying they are not, but would you mind pointing one out? 









 I can't remember the name of the show. Something from the 80s. 

A guy thought he won the lottery but turned out he only won 100$. he was super sad about it. However the weird, slightly dumb, guy in the show was super happy. When asked why he said:

Because I do not compare the 100$ to the 1000000$ you thought you won. I compare the 100$ to the 0$ we had before.  




 It is not uncool to know something.  




 This is so important. I love when people smile. It's the best and an honest non creepy smile is never inappropriate. Even at a funeral a smile can be consoling.  




 How to share. I never did and now I don't want to live with my SO... 




 I made the same experience. People don't even finish reading what you write. They read gun and an adjective and go nuts. 




 I am honestly just asking: Why do you add "literally"? 




 Haha, this is good.  




 My friends brother and I found out we started uni together in the same city. We started going there together in the morning and meet for lunch and stuff. Now we are so close everybody thinks we are gay. 

Edit: I feel like I left out the part about how we got close. Well... 




 Runny nose, no tissue 




 This is soo awesome. I bet she is super happy with it. 




 I just pray she is not giving it to the wrong people just filling their own pockets  




 I only ever played Halo 1, but fuck I love this so much. I can't begin to describe how this makes me feel. 

I'm gonna go home, show my GF and be disappointed because she won't care... 




 I went to a funeral, sat down and the old lady that was walking towards a seat in the middle of the row in front of me tripped and fell. Me and my friend looked at each other and had one of those moments in our minds:

Him: Dude, did you see that?!

Me: Yes, I did. What are we going to do?

Him: Please play it cool. If you as much as smirk, I will burst out laughing.

Me: Gotcha!

Looked to the front of the room for 1 hour not saying anything. 
 




 My colleague did a presentation in front of 150 people. He was really nervous but kind of managed not to completely screw it.

He was basically jumping from stone to stone, struggling not lose control (at the same time talking faster and faster) until he said one sentence that made no sense whatsoever. 

He stopped abruptly, looked down and sighed. It was really sad but unbelievably funny. 




 thank you. 




 Hey, thanks. I thought so. I have not seen it in real life, but on picture the phone loks super thick with the 4400 battery. 




 What is the oldest android phone that you can think of that still gets custom rom support nowadays and therefore still is a good purchase for people who like playing around? (e.g. S3)

EDIT: And doesn't have terrible battery life. 




 Which extended battery for the S3 can you recommend?  




 Can I used Xposed on non rooted phones? 




 He is not saying Europe should do that. Just that Russia is dependent on Europe more than vice versa. We should not be afraid of the cutting us off. They should be afraid  




 I would like to add a question.

Why are constructions sites abandoned during normal working hours even though the construction site is disrupting traffic and should be finished ASAP?  




 I would like to add a question.

Why are constructions sites abandoned during normal working hours even though the construction site is disrupting traffic and should be finished ASAP?  




 Actually, the case idea is good enough for me. Thanks  




 Thanks. I'll check  




 If possible I would like swipe my phone instead of my oyster card. is that possible today/in the future?  




 I agree with you. I also live in one of those shitty areas. Even though I like it anyway I am really looking forward to the improvements. However I don't think improvements always have to be the same shit. Cleaning up and improving infrastructure is great. Also some nice pubs are great. But I don't need shopping opportunities everywhere and I don't need all the chains everywhere. If I wanna go there I can take the bus to central. I like the independent restaurants and I don't need them to face tough competition. They don't seem to make loads of money anyway but I like their food and the facet that they are locals. 




 First of all, I love this every Saturday. 

I just discovered true dialer. Replaces your dialer app and I think it is perfect. I always struggled with dialer and contacts app, but this brings them together. 

Really like it.

Linkme: truedialer 
























 I love fantasy, like "Final Fantasy Advent Chrildren".

I do not really dig children's movies. They are better as cartoons I think.  




 So for your time on Earth you believe that is the only meaningful achievement? 

I struggle to find meaning in life and I wonder if having children would make me feel the same.  




 Lucky you. But you are also not looking forward to it, are you? 




 Sorry to be difficult. I just want to understand why you think that. 

I personally think it should be like this:

As an example:

at 8:00am the machine starts and you can see it because it has not yet left - here we all have the same understanding

at 8:01am you are still standing in the room, for you, 1 minute has passed. For the traveler (assuming he is traveling at 60x speed) 1 second has passed but still at 8:01am both of you are still in the room. 

at 9:00am it is still the same. 1 hour has gone by for you, for the traveler 1 minute went by, but both of you are still in the room. 

This is the case for every second of every minute of every hour. Both of you are always in the room at the same time. It is not like for the time traveler a "different universe is opening" and he is travelling through an alternative time. Same universe, same time, just at different speeds.

Please explain why I should not be able to see him?
 




 You do believe there is something (whatever it may be) after death though? 




 I am scared of dying. I wonder if religious people are too.  




 I also considered that point. However, I do not think it does though, because when he travels, the changes around him actually have an influence on the machine (it is moving backwards and forwards whilst he is travelling because something is happening to the ground, if I remember correctly).

What do you think? 




 I don't think it would because you are not stationary in time. You are also moving through time, as is the machine. The same way for the traveler everything outside the machine is moving fast, for other people the traveler should be moving slow.  




 As the machine is travelling to the future, it is still always in the same place. Therefore whoever is standing next to it should be able to see it because it is not instantly going to the new time, but just moving through time faster. The passenger should only appear to be moving slower depending on the speed the time machine is travelling at.  




 What's the surprise? They didn't know how much chocolate milk they were selling?  




 Nobody crops. Please tell people album covers are square.  




 Of course 




 Vielleicht sind die ja auch nur da um ihr Beileid zu bekunden. 




 That doesn't mean you can make such a stupid comparison. If you can't compare size because you don't know it, measure LTE browsing time for the S5 and compare that. 




 I didn't click that link first but after reading your comment I was curious. It's really funny. Why wouldn't I choose the facetime HD camera over shitting 2.1MP? 









 Do you not think they might be joking? They are probably bored and just say whatever to see how far they can take this shit  




 I agree with what you say. But seriously, and 14 year old girl talking like that clearly has no idea what she is talking about. She's just arrogant I think. 




 I am sure  




 He's going to resign soon I guess... 

Edit:...  going to be forced to...  




 How do you normally get there? 




 Could you be so kind and also answer these questions:

Why does sleep refresh us?

Why do we die without sleep? 

What else goes wrong if we don't sleep?  









 She sounds lovely  




 Hai, pleasu join, onegaishimasu. 




 I don't get the question. How does a time machine enable me to have sex with whoever I want? 




  people wonder why the mainstream muslims don't come out against it 

Could you elaborate this point? I am very interested because my colleague said exactly this. But I don't understand why. 




 Always Sunny in Philadelphia 




 Accuse them of rape. 




 I am sure it is something where I criticize  gun laws in America.  




 Colonel Jack O'Neill together with Daniel Jackson. 

I have learnt so much about compassion, ethics and leadership from them. I fucking love them 




 Not a movie, but Lost was so disappointing. 




 I wear socks, underwear and a t shirt with [this](http://www.threadless.com/imgs/products/1759/636x460design_01.jpg) on it. 

And I can bring a bottle of Japanese sake, a cup for the sake and Shiroi Koibito (Japanese biscuits). 

I would love to see myself standing in the corner of a party like this. 




 I don't want to have it, like regularly, but I really would like to have it once, just to know.

Do you mind trying to explain? 




 No thank you... 




 Integrity. The rarest thing on the planet 




 Reading all of this, I hope that my parents spend all their money while they are alive so me and my family never have to fight over anything. It's so not worth it. 




 is it the first time or is it not? 














 I do. I don't want to support this BS. Please give a fuck.

And I am also a business traveller. I also don't pay extra for priority boarding and all this crap  









 Pretty impressive. I wonder if the guy survived Auschwitz.  




 He is just saying that they did survive and that they took a calculated risk. I saw one of the guys in an interview. He said that cancer would most likely take longer to develop than he will live. That is why he went in. 









 I don't care whether you are right or wrong. Just please get your "their"s and "there"s right  




 Go to Germany. The degree is for free, teachers are respected, well paid and I know many who are very happy.

I swear, America is going down the drain and this is just one sad example  




 Hence my question. Do you have any examples that prove me wrong?  




 They just do. I think it's just a thing that never changed. You know, people grow up with them and get used to it.

In the UK they have separate taps for hot and cold. Socks, but it only changes very slowly.  




 I'm from Germany so I rely on newspapers to get information about the US. The Spiegel had an article explaining that the first high speed train is constantly being postponed because the republicans oppose it.

And at the end there was an additional comment claiming that the republicans oppose any form of government help to strengthen the infrastructure of the US. 

I hope you can understand.  









 Yeah I'm gonna buy one but will go for an all in one option. Aux in use and Bluetooth is less expensive than I thought. 

 




 Yes it does. Thank you. I guess I'll just get one with high ratings on amazon then  




 This would be perfect but I do not have a stereo with aux in. I currently have a tape deck...

Could use one of those fake tapes with a 3.5mm headphone jack. Haha

Anyway thank you. I would actually buy that if I already had the stereo  




 I use spotify and here maps. I was wondering if anybody can recommend a car stereo (single slot) that would be able to connect with my phone (in whatever way) so that I can hear music and directions over the speakers of my car.

If I would be able to change the song using the stereo rather than the phone, that would be really nice. 




 I want to ask a question but you might not like it. I'm gonna give it a go anyways.

I don't know you so I can't tell whether I like you as a person. But I can safely say that now you look really good, healthy and active. Before you looked, let's say different.

How do you feel about the difference in attention people are giving you? I'm gonna assume (again without knowing your personality) that before you did not get much attention, if any. I'm sure you loads now and compliments as well. 

I read lots about overweight people saying that they are invisible to other people. What is your experience? Now that people give you attention (again an assumption) do you feel they are superficial?

I don't want to forget to say "well done". It must have been incredibly tough but also rewarding.  




 So, this post is supposed to be a tool to make calculating food and drinks for parties easier. The purpose is to avoid having to think about it. If it does not do that, it's useless. 




 Do you never use a calculator?  




 All at the same time or what?

Edit: got it. Sorry  




 So then it's useless. If I have to think there is no value in this. 

I like to complain by the way...  




 That is a good explanation.  




 I know. I am surprised so many people seem to agree.  




 I did watch it. And it is good to know that. But I am more concerned about turbulence and the plane simply dropping down.  




 Just saw this today:

http://www.androidcentral.com/sony-roll-out-lollipop-xperia-z3-lineup-starting-next-month 




 Just saw that they now announced February. 




 So, that's sorted then. Next question? 




 Cool. Thanks 




 Analog pictures just look way cooler than digital ones.

Edit: The ones taken casually of course. 




 And that centre of mass would be your mum.

Boom! 




 If they do it better than all the others I don't mind the wait  




 I don't know why the guys answer as if no decent guy does that. I think I'm a decent guy but I do that. I think it's just because guys don't regularly need it and therefore don't understand that a girl's wants it.  




 Fuck as many women as you can. It's true.  




 Peel first? I want to get it right the first time. Thank you in advance  




 Have you got more information like this? I am super scared of flying and have to do it for my job all the time. You would really do me a favour.  




 I am assuming the gif stops there because the plane simply drops, right? 




 I can only say that I agree. I have not found a single app I like yet and the articles I can find online contain mostly to do lists and games (which I am both not interested in) 




 When can I expect 5.0 for z3 compact? Have they announced anything? 




 I can't believe how much the colour of the light sabre changes the feeling I get from the poster. 

* With the blue it feels like the Jedi are back in charge
* The green makes me feel like the empire is still in charge and the jedi are still rebels. 

I have got no explanation. 
Does anybody else feel the same? 




 Lenovo yoga pad 2  




 Frying chocolate bars. 




 That is true  




 If you do that you have two halves of a windows tablet that do not work anymore. 

Just saying... 




 I'm on mobile but 

Lucio Dalla - Anna e Marco 

Is the best. 




 You are donating 10%?

I donate 18 per month and thought that was ok. 




 Surely not right now. They will wait for the beginning of the second half to see how it's going. Also who is there who could do a better job? 




 Same here. The feet looked disgusting before and now really clean and healthy.

I would be so happy about that 




 I don't think this answers the question. The grocery store could just lower the price then. People would find it more competitive and would buy more fruit etc.

But that doesn't happen. 




 I'm a German living in the UK and I always thought windows in the UK are smaller than in Germany. 

Also, double glazing seems to be special in the UK. In Germany we are now talking about quadruple glazing.

My point? I don't have one...  









 Really? They sound really nice...  NICHT 




 I'm just curious: when do they say it? I find it hard to imagine a situation in which it makes sense to say that. Or do they literally say it as soon as they find out you're German?  




 So important. 

Accused does not mean he/she actually did anything. It's the same with rape: If you are a rapist, go to hell. But if you are falsely accused of rape, then I really hope people will be reasonable and judge you based on facts and evidence.  




 Buy a Samsung phone and make sure to choose that whistling notification sound on max volume. Then start a text conversation on the bus during your morning commute.  




 Always say how shit and boring other people's weekends sound but never actually do anything yourself. 




 I am trying to explain it to my little brother because I think it is one of the most important things on earth. But I can't explain it easily.  




 Our products are sold into the oil and gas and chemical industry and we buy auxiliary equipment from UK suppliers (amongst others).

Their products are ok, but their performance is terrible. 




 Oil and gas and chemical industry. 




 Honestly, I work with exactly these companies. They are not top notch and their performance is way behind the rest of Europe. People always say that they are doing badly because the government is focusing on the city. From my point of view English manufacturing is dead because they use obsolete machines, their are lazy and they are arrogant  




 What are some easy and worth it measures? 




 Had to read that a few times  




 Either:

a) my German family and friends when they come to visit and want to bring something back.

b) I work for a Japanese company and we have got lots of people from Japan coming over all the time. They always want to bring some high value gift home for their wives.  




 People ask me all the time and I do not really know what to say apart from tweed jackets. 




 I had one when I was a child and I so sure my parents would have not spent 100 on a child's watch.

Now I see that they range from 100 -6000.

What did I miss? 




 I really like how you explained this. Very easily to understand  




 They have like 100 stores in London  




 I hate every single Starbucks because they are never clean. Nobody in there wipes the tables, floor, or cleans the toilet.

It's disgusting. I can't eat/drink something in a place so dirty 




 I wonder what they have been promised to do that.  




 The issue with their profits is not that they do not make any at all. They keep them low by paying a franchise fee to the starbucks mother ship in the Netherlands. That means the starbucks coffe shops make no profit, because they have to pay a high franchise fee. Therefor they do not pay any tax on their profit here. Star bucks in the Netherlands however makes huge profit but as far as I know the tax level is ridiculously low there (plus they employ several legal tricks to keep it low). 

In conclusion, they problem is that they are evading tax in a legal way. It is legal, but unethical. 









 I think people would buy their way on it though.  




 I always wonder if that is true. Is it true or are some people just better than others? Personally I believe the latter. 




 You really need to share some more information. 

Also, but that might only be me, I do not understand why it says 1 day and 10 hours on battery when you have charged about 10 times. 




 He fell asleep again, didn't he?

I want an answer to this question.  




 I have never considered that. Thank you.  




 Nope, all old ads. Thank you for trying. 
 




 Never say never 




 My auntie gave it to me for my birthday. It broke and I want it back really bad:

http://www.amazon.co.uk/Nike-Unisex-Lebron-Bracelet-WL0008-003/dp/B000813CLA

Where can I buy it? 









 That is what I sometimes think too. 

It is really sad. 




 Talking about ~~their~~ American foreign debt:

American foreign debt is in US Dollars, because it's the currency the entire world uses. If people would ask for their money back, America could just print money. It would fuck up the exchange rate but that would also make all the money people would get back worthless so nobody will ever start doing it. It would be a lose-lose situation.  
























 I would love that so much. 

I have found this where it is described as an issue that sometimes occurs. Not sure why people would not be happy about it. 

http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21328518 




 Unemployment, decrease in tax money and so on... 









 I'm sure I heard it was supposed to be available beginning if Feb 

Edit: sorry, made available by Sony. Of course carriers need some time  




 Why is he trying to sound smart? Im sure the 20 would have been enough as a nice gesture... 




 Well, its doesn't actually use up the 5.9 GB. It just downloads all the files that have to be replaced on your current OS. Then, after you have downloaded it, the files on your OS will be deleted and replaced by the new "updated" ones. This way the update initially needs 5.9GB to save to files that were downloaded, but afterwards, you only end of with however much code they added, which is probably not going to be anywhere near 5.9GB. 

But, yes, if you do not have the 5.9GB available on your phone at the time, do it like you said. If you do have the space available, it makes no difference. 




 Yes, it seems I was. I did not know there was a difference. 
Thanks 




 My question would be, why is it not mentioned in the bible. But I just thought about it. The bible is not written by god, so...
 




 I did not know about young earth boys having a different viewpoint to most creationists. Thank you for clarifying that. 




 But wouldn't it be worth mentioning? 




 The whole thread is a big assumption, no? 




 What if that civilization is older than the bible claims the universe is and they have proof (like books or whatever) ? 




 Well, their civilization could be older (with records of history) than creationists claim the universe is. That would surely be a problem.  














 Correct 




 Then my reply is Austria! 




 Pretty kool 




 It's not over till it's over.  




 I feel like sex adds nothing to the list. I don't think America is particularly open minded when it comes to sex.  




 efficient, not funny 




 I am curious.  




 Schottland 




 I am from Germany, but here I am not sure. Skiing is more Austria, not sure if they have lederhosen though...

I am confused. 




 Canada! 




 UK bruv 




 I did not know you could pirate android apps... 




 You know I like to believe that OP's car is on the left and that his neighbors, knowing how important it is for him to be at work on time, made sure he will not have to waste time on clearing his driveway.  




 Its a 12 day thing:

* Day 1 thread: post the name of a country you would like to see in the contest. Top 10 countries compete

* Day 2 - 11 threads: Each day there will be a thread for one of the top 10 countries. In that thread people can post their favourite songs from that country. Top comment will represent that country in the final stage.

* Day 12 thread: There will only be 10 comments in that thread, all the songs from the past 10 days. Top comment/song wins!

I think it would be fund and would give all of us the opportunity to listen to good songs from certain countries. 

I hope this will work. Of course the rules can be adjusted.  




 Sorry to ask. What's this? 




 I think your work is very very nice. However the quality of the pictures is def something you can improve. I think you would get better exposure if the pics were better. 




 Hey, I added links to my comment above. I hope that is ok for you and enough. 




 I think you can only be too independent in the sense that you don't share the important things with your partner, like going to parties together, sharing your thoughts and worries, talking about the future, etc. You know what I mean? When your partner is not the first person to talk to. I think as long as your partner is your best friend it should be alright.  




 Cool.  




 That price is not low enough! 




 A man of his word! 




 Plastic. 

It is causing damage to the environment and humans. 

Edit: Some articles to support my claim:

[Financial damage is about 13 billion per year cause by plastic waste] (http://www.unep.org/newscentre/default.aspx?DocumentID=2791 ArticleID=10903)

[Here is what happens to animals that mistake plastic for food](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAL9Xvrg3hI)

[Plastic releases a substance called Bisphenol A that is suspected to cause cancer](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/01/080130092108.htm)

[Our planet (especially the oceans) are full of plastic and it does not bio degrade, which means it's not going to go anywhere](http://www.plasticoceans.net/)

[And here is a classic video about bottled water](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Zn0qi80IIY) 




 I agree maximum.

I cannot name any major conflict anywhere on the planet that is unrelated to religion.  




 Profit maximization. 

I can't see how this is going to be sustainable forever. The inequalities are already mind blowing and will only increase. 

But if none of those with wealth and power are willing to give it up, nothing will change, so I guess that nothing will change.  




 My SO has cancer. I'm listening 




 None of those will make you happy if you ask me. 

It's the same with men too. If you're looking for a longterm relationship you need somebody who is selfless, positive, independent, has their own friends and is not lazy. You can't live with a person who constantly complains, never does any work at home, is always sad when you do something by yourself and puts herself first no matter how funny or good looking she is. 

However if you have somebody who loves you, wants you to be happy, is going to do their fair share of work, lifts you up and let's you be yourself, she does not have to be beautiful of super funny but I guarantee you'll still be happy with her. 

Edit: If you're in it for the short term, then I agree with you 100% 




 Independence. 

Nothing makes we want to run away more than a girl who can't do shit for herself.  




 seriously, WHAT?! 




 I work for a company called "something something Industries". My colleague always says "Industry" instead and it drives me nuts.  




 Ads. 

I really don't want to be persuaded to buy shit I don't need.  




 Past Saturday. I was sitting with some friends, all of which are from different countries and we were sharing music from our respective countries. I played a song of a German singer who sings about his dead wife. My girlfriend is very ill and it made me cry.

Needless to say it was a bit awkward for everybody but I didn't care.  




 /u/nasebanaru pointed out that there is a wiki article stating how often Japan has apologised in the past. 

However in that same article there is a section "Controversy" which pretty much explains why this is not jet settled. This sums it up nicely:

Criticisms regarding the degree and formality of apology, issued as a statement or delivered person-to-person to the country addressed, and the perception by some that some apologies are later retracted or contradicted by statements or actions of Japan, among others.

[Article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_war_apology_statements_issued_by_Japan) 




 Fair enough though. If you beat your wife, then apologise and then beat her again I think it is reasonable of her to say that your apology didn't mean shit.  




 Reveal a made up secret like: 

- I fucked your wife
- I am a Russian spy
- I am not your dad
- etc.

Then say "I'm joking"

And just before you die "or am I?" :) 




 I'm a German living in the UK. However the biggest culture shock was coming back to Germany. 

In the UK people say good morning, please and thank you. I am sure not everybody means it, but at least people do that and they try to be friendly. Germans do not care.  




 Fairness is not a thing. Humans invented that concept but nature does not care.  




 Fair enough 




 Im not arguing. From my point of view the Charlie Hebdo stuff (that I also don't find hilarious) at least has a deeper meaning. Those people are trying to influence their follow citizens. That 9/11 joke does not have a deeper meaning. 

This is how I see it.  




 No, not at all. What's the connection between a comic and a picture of a person who is about to die? 




 Personally I feel it is different, because that picture shows one person only who you know to have lost their life after the picture was taken.  




 So that is my problem? I do not *understand* this one? 




 You're right. Some people might find it funny. But let's face it, it's not a killer and therefore I find it unnecessary considering the context. 

I think really offensive jokes need to be really good or they just need to go away.  




 And my children will watch it too. For that exact reason. 

I believe Jack and Daniel together are perfect and need each other. As much as Daniel has perfect morals and ethics, he so often needed Jack to decide how to go about things. Because perfect morals only work in a perfect world. Jack was the realist who made sure to achieve the best, most ethical outcome considering the actual situation they were facing. He always understood Daniel and I believe always agreed with him. But he always pretended to disagreed with Daniel when he had to make difficult decisions. To Daniel it looked like Jack didn't understand but in fact he was protecting Daniel's unshakable faith in the good by taking the responsibility for the sacrifices they had to make. 

 




 So, I don't mind 9/11 jokes if they are good, but that one just isn't funny.  









 And what if that person then insists that they are crazy?  




 But then you've acknowledged it so you yourself are saying that you are crazy  




 I've got no excuse. I even checked for typos  









 Get a girlfriend and move in with her  




 A single man!

Every single time and it is so uplifting.  




 Who's the bald chick?

Edit: Got it

http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article2127686.ece/alternates/s615b/Karen-Gillan.jpg 




 Not sure if you spewak German. Here is an overview of best plans in Germany at the moment. This is from today:

http://www.mydealz.de/40506/die-besten-handytarife-zum-wochenende-der-uebersicht-kw-5/


EDIT: I think this is the one you want. But maybe a problem because you might not be selfemployed.


 Tarifkonditionen o2 on Business XL nur fr Selbststndige, Freiberufler und Kleinunternehmer

Allnet Flat in alle dt. Netze

SMS Flat in alle dt. Netze

10 GB bei 50,0 Mbit/s LTE

120 Freiminuten von Deutschland nach EU, USA, Canada, Russland   Trkei (Festnetz   Mobilnetz)

1000 Frei-SMS in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Canada   USA

500 MB Datenvolumen in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Kanada und USA

Multicard inklusive

Grundgebhr: 18  51,11  (in den ersten 6 Monaten fllt keine Grundgebhr an)

Anschlussgebhr: 0,00  




 Still dont get it 




 Anybody else?  




 What is the benefit then?  




 That would be a good reason  




 No need to torture me. Threaten to cut off my dick and I'll give you anything.  




 Why would they do that?  




 Tiny [swiss knife](http://swissarmyblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/Classic1.jpg).

I love the toothpick, and the scissors.  




 The fact that it starts with the word cool, but written with k instead of c. 

Kool, right? 




 LIAR! 




 So the benefit is that you can now install xposed, right?  




 Would anybody kindly tell me if I can safely root, back up DRM keys, unlock bootloader, install a custom rom and then, in case I don't like it reverse it all to stock rom with full functionality (and root)? 




 Are you a fatty OP? 









 I agree with you. In her defence, I would not risk my life if I was paid minimum wage.  




 Yes, disgusting. 




 I don't get this at all. 




 How did she get there? Why not replace the wheels if she's there anyway?  




 I think you have a point. They could sell based on benchmark results though, right? That would be comparable, right? 




 Thanks. That was helpful  




 I've asked this somewhere else. Why do they sell based on hertz then? That's like selling a car based on horsepower only.  




 So why do they agree to sell based on hertz? What's the point?  




 Brotherhood of the Wolf 




 Cool. Thank you!

Edit: BOOM! I did not expect them to be that pricey.  




 ELI3? 




 Well, I disagree. I am more likely to hire somebody who knows his weakness and will be mindful about it than somebody who thinks he is the boss and can't do any wrong. People like that are horrible to work with and don't want to learn. People who recognize they are not perfect and know where they need to improve are far better and will use more of their potential. 

Edit: Actually this attitude of yours is the reason people won't disclose their weaknesses. 




 Ok, you mean history synchronization? 

I meant stuff like your subreddit list and saved posts.  




 I live in England and I do not think so. Most still think they are amazing. 




 See, you English actually believe that stuff.  




 That is the way I would describe English people. You think everybody is inferior to you because of your past achievements.   




 Germany. Guns and the unwillingness to have any sort of open discussion about whether or not they should be abolished.  




 An accident. What the fuck?! 




 Fair enough.  




 People who answer the question: "What is your biggest weakness?" with :

"I am a perfectionist."

I think it is a sign of a lack of self reflection. I respect people who are able to identify their weaknesses and are willing to work on them. Being honest to yourself is a rare ability.  




 Can you point out a specific example? I am just curious what you are referring to. I personally believe Eastern cultures are just as bad. For example: 

Turkish and the Armenian genocide. 

Japanese and what they have done to Korean and Chinese women.

North Korea

Russian people seem to completely ignore what they are doing in Ukraine at the moment.  




 Post them on /r/StarWars 
They would love some of them. The Star Wars ones obviously... 




 Can I buy them somewhere? 




 I like this because you can share the to-do lists now. 




 Don't they all sync since they are based on your reddit account, which is saved online? 




 I am so weird. I have been using the free version for a long time now and had no problems. Just because you said you paid for it, I just went to the play store and paid for it. I blame you for the fact I will have to drink half a pint of beer less tonight. 









 would you mind uploading the raw file (if you have one)? 




 Exactly. Haven't seen that yet  




 Sales.

If you are buying shit full price you are an idiot. Well, to be honest it is good for me, but all these companies are undermining their credibility by always selling everything half price. How long have they been fucking me before when their competition was not fighting hard for every customer and they were forced to do crazy sales? Also, sale BEFORE Christmas? That didn't exist when I was a child.  




 Like this:

http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/11/17/jaden-and-willow-smith-exclusive-joint-interview/?_r=0 




 But it's not actual help. they give out haircuts or let them have a nice day and then drop them back into the water.  




 What does that even mean? 




 Have you heard about adblock? 




 I think it is pretty clear, that the machine moves through time though because he experiences everything that happens.  




 I did not consider that. But then, at the beginning he travels so slowly, that light would have not been slowed down enough, not to reach my eye anymore.  




 Like I said, I don't know at all. And also like you said we'll probably not find out anytime soon. 

But yes, very interesting. Of course, with different timelines, I think your explanation is better than mine. I simply do not believe in (hope there are no different timelines. 




 What I am wondering is why the flag on his arm is the [wrong way round](http://advancescreenings.com/img/posters/a/american_sniper_t.jpg). 




 Well, I have no analysis. If that is how it works, then the movies is doing it right. I have no proof or argument. I understand your explanation and can understand what you mean. 

So in your mind he is travelling to a time that co-exists with the time you are remaining in, right? He is in the future, you are in the past but both of you exist at the same time, right?

In my mind, there is only "one time". Imagine it as a piece of string. 

--------------------A----------------B-------------------C--------------------

At any given point (A, B or C) in time everybody can be somewhere in space (3 dimensional space) e.g. London, Chicago, etc. Everybody can freely move in that space, but cannot move freely along the string. Everybody moves from A to B to C at the same speed, 1 minute per minute (if that makes sense). Now what the time machine allows the traveler to to is to:

a) travel backwards and forwards

b) travel at different speeds

However, whilst it is traveling through time, it does not travel through space (it remains in London). 

Now from my point of view, whenever two people are at the same point in time and space, they should be able to see each other. That means, when the traveler decides to travel from 8am on 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 and we meet in London at that time, I will of course be able to see him, because we are at the same time at the same place. The only difference is that for me 1 year went by and for the traveler less time went by (however fast he was traveling). 

Now normally we assume that a time machine has to move fast to start the time travel (like in back to the future). When the Delorean starts his journey, he goes really fast before time travel starts. However he also moves in space which is why you cannot see him during time travel. You can only see him again, when he comes back to that same place that he has left from. 

But in The Time Machine the machine does not move in space whilst it is time traveling. I am sure you will agree with my example above where I said (*"That means, when the traveler decides to travel from 8am on 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 and we meet in London at that time, I will of course be able to see him, because we are at the same time at the same place. The only difference is that for me 1 year went by and for the traveler less time went by (however fast he was traveling"*). But everything that traveling from 8am 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 means is to travel from 8am 1st Jan 1910 to 8:00:01am to 8:0:02am to 8:00:03 am and so on, just faster than everybody else. So at each of these points you and the traveler are at the same place at the same time, just that he got there quicker than you. And being at the same place at the same time means, you can see each other.

This is as good as I can explain it.  
























 I guess that is what I would like. Work for a small company with inspiring people. I ground this website http://workinstartups.com/ but I have no chance of getting any of the jobs on there (they are looking for different skills)  




 I work in procurement. There are loads of jobs for me but it's all the same. I am good in procurement and planning both of which I don't like anymore... 




 That might be true actually. There was a fence where I was standing to take the picture.  









 That is exactly what I want to do. The only problem I am facing is that I don't know what job to apply to. If I look on the job sites, there are loads of "really good jobs" that I probably have a realistic shot at. But I'm not interested to just switch the company and do the same/similar stuff somewhere else. I just struggle to find what I want to do. I was hoping to get some ideas here by learning what other people to for a living.  




 Thanks for your feedback. I guess this is exactly what I am looking to do. I want to completely change. But I don't want to be a paramedic. I need inspiration.  




 Procurement in oil and gas. I don't want to do this anymore though. I just find it hard to find ideas of potential jobs I might be able to do with my education. 

 




 I guess that would be a good idea. However the main problem is that I don't know what kind of job I want to do. At the moment I work in procurement of an oil and gas company and it's so boring.  









 I have lived in London 4 years. The first year was university and then I started working and at the beginning I liked my corporate job. Money was good and I got to travel loads. 

By now I just hate it. Huge pressure on a daily basis and ever increasing levels of burocracy make me want to kill myself every day. Especially because at the end of the day I have nothing to look at and say: Well done, I made this or that or I helped him or her. 

If you are or have been at a similar point, do you have any recommendations?

I would like to find a job that is not the usual London corporate crazy. 




 Prove it!  




 Are you going this Sunday by any chance?  




 really? 









 Sorry, but I am sure it would have been better if the entire ship was in focus rather than part of the ship and some of the rocks on the shore. 




 You know what: I live in London and I always say the same thing. 

Last weekend I went to Bruges in Belgium and you know what? London is not that expensive (apart from rent?mortgage) You can do a lot for free and a lot of good food is available for good money. If you're modest you can have a good life and don't even need that much money for it.  




 she see0s s6 arr6gant 




 How many of them did you kill walking through them? 




 Where did he have them made? They are awesome 




 1984

I read it just before moving to a different country. I finished the book the first night in my new home. I felt so lonely that night 




 Will this replace windows or can I do dual boot? 




 AMIDUOS has root. See 2nd best comment here. 









 These things are still in use. Taxi Driver in Germany charged me like that. It worked. I was surprised.  




 Would a banana before the workout always be good?  




 I only had coffee yesterday and no water. I guess the reason was a mix of not drinking, too much coffee and not breathing. 




 I'll make sure I breathe
 




 Thanks. I'll try that. Difficult though. I guess I'll have to practice.  




 Thanks. I am hoping to be able to sort it out by breathing properly and drinking enough. I like to work out in the morning before I eat sometimes.  




 Hi, I am currently using the strong lifts 5x5 app and I really like it. It keeps me motivated and I have been to the gym 3 times a week for the last two months which is really good for me. 

I have been able to increase dead lifts from 70 kg to 100kg. Up until 95kg I found it hard, but not too hard. Last Friday I did 100kg for the first time. I did 5x 60kg and then 5x 80 kg as warm ups. Yesterday I was about to try 102.5 kg. However I had to stop. I did 5x 60kg and 5x 80kg warm up. When I wanted to do 5x 92.5kg warm up I did 2 reps and felt funny. I dropped the weight and almost fainted. In the end I was fine and nothing happened but I was very surprised. 

I have lifted that weight before a few times, so what could be the reason. I know that I failed to drink water throughout the day yesterday. Could that be it? Or did I not eat enough? Or is it likely that something else was the reason?

EDIT: Thanks for the feedback. Breathing and water seem to be key.  




 And they both look really good.  




 I don't know you and I do not know your background or opinion, so please don't take it personal.

If that is your reasoning then that's fine, but then don't complain later that rents are too high. (I am not saying you do)

I am just saying people have no integrity. They all want things to change but nobody is willing to do anything for it. The only thing people with money understand is if you boycott their BS. And if you want things to change you have to start with the man in the mirror and not just expect others to do the shitty work for you. 

Rents are too high in London? Don't move here or move away.

Rent for a certain flat is unacceptable? Don't move in. 

But then somebody else will move in there and nothing will change anyway and on top of that you don't have a flat and that other person does? Maybe. But maybe at some point everybody refuses this BS and we actually make a difference. Be the change that you want to see. I know it sounds so silly but it is true.  




 If people stop renting shit like this, people will stop offering shit like this. We cannot expect change if we are not willing pay a certain price for it.  




 Is this available in colour? 




 EDIT: Sorry guys, there is an s missing...  




 Did it on my commute. I'm really happy I did it. Was pretty easy and seems to work perfectly fine. 

Thanks for convincing me  




 Actually, just found it. 

http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/stock-firmware-23-1-0-690-generic-t3056413

I'll probably do it tomorrow during my lunch break. I hope I won't fuck it up.

Good night 




 Is there one for the z3c yet? I am currently looking on xda, but can't find it yet. 

Edit: Sorry, found it

http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/stock-firmware-23-1-0-690-generic-t3056413 




 Cool, you convinced me. Have you done it yet? 

Just saw, that is the file for the Z3. Is there one for the z3c yet? 




 People never lock their cars  




 I managed to get into recovery, yes. But I haven't had a chance to flash the rom yet. Not sure if I'm gonna do it. Not really interested to be honest. I am really happy now that I'm rooted and everything works. 

I'll let you know if I ever do it  




 Hey, thanks for taking the time. I really appreciate your post. I found this very helpful and insightful. I'll do some more research for myself and make up my mind what I think. 

Thanks again.  




 So, why would the government do this?

Which party actually wants to do this? And which party wants to prevent it? 




 I'm not sure I understand what it tells me. I mean I understand what  the figure means, but I have no idea what percentage is good or bad.  




 Thanks. That is something somebody said about the privatised trains in the UK. Same thing, right? Shit service, high prices because there is basically no competition and they are all profit maximising. 




 Thanks, I understand that that is a massive problem. Did not think about that.  




 Could you explain further? 




 I live in the UK but I am not from here. I am personally very thankful for the NHS because they have supported my SO a lot and without them we would have struggled a lot. 

I would like to know why people are concerned with privatisation and also would like to know why people support it.  




 I have rooted via giefroot and installed dual recovery. So I just put this on my SD card, enter TWRP and flash it, right?

But to be honest, I have no idea how to root in TWRP on my z3c. Do you know?

Edit: Ok, got it. Wait until the LED flashes during startup and then ress volume rocker. Sorry for the stupid question.  




 Thanks for replying. Can you tell me how to get into recovery? I can't figure it out  




 Do you hate her? 




 Hello,

I have successfully rooted my z3 compact yesterday and wanted to install Xposed framework but it comes up with an error message. Please see the screenshots here (2 pictures)

https://imgur.com/NLNC7YE,n4V4XpQ

Not sure what I can do to fix that. I tried to change the installation method, but that didn't work. (also because I can't enter recovery to flash manually)

Did anybody have a similar problem?  




 Dibs on the girl on the left. 




 Fair enough. Then I am afraid I have no solution.  




 Is it possible to use manufacturer specific widgets in Nova at all?

For example I can't use the Sony widgets. (they suck anyway, but just as an example) 




 Is there a video or gif set of all the sweet stuff that Nova can do?

I read through all that you guys post here but I can only imagine half of it. 
I also use Nova and love it, but I hardly see any significant changes for me other than the app search pull down thing.  




 just swipe up from the app drawer button 




 Thank you! 




 I think this is the coolest thing I have seen on here.

Well done.  




 Sorry if this is a basic question. If I only want root to use exposed and e.g. greenify it is enough to just do the giefroot thing right? 

I only need to back up my DRM keys if I want to unlock the bootloader, right? 




 What you say is right, but it sure looks like he works out.  




 How much storage do you guys need?  




 I don't know. I had the yoga tablet 1 8" and that is a very decent tablet. Yes, it's slow, yes the ui looks like shit but the kick stand and battery make up for everything. I use nova so it looks fine. The speed won't be an issue on the new version. I don't see how people are not interested in this. I absolutely love it.  




 I've been doing stronglifts 5x5. It's a 3 times per week workout and doesn't take very long. Good for beginners.  




 Whatsapp has a calling feature?
 




 Thank you. I'll try and create my own masterpiece. 




 What app? With a pen? 




 Nothing as of yet. 




 Did you ever realise that Jack always agreed with your morals? But sometimes Jack was able to see that it was a lost cause and instead of demoralising you he took the blame for not doing the morally right thing so that you could stay who you are.  




 It's horrible but your post was good fun to read. If nobody made these mistakes we would not get to read about them.  




 I enjoyed seeing that but I can't explain why  




 It's true. I posted a stupid question got stupid answers. Next day I went to the gym, started the 5x5 strength thing and  2 weeks later I feel like I am on the right track. I got inspired by one of the top posts (the female ) and just did it. I'm still adjusting my diet but at least I've started and I did it by reading other posts  




 *couldn't

But other than that I agree  




 Personally I don't mind if things take longer but I don't like when people put off telling people that it's going to take longer until it's obvious it's gonna take longer because you've passed the deadline 




 I disagree, but whatever works for you man.  




 The tp is covered in piss though... 














 Nobody commented. It is pretty obvious nobody cares.  




 Nobody cares...  




 iPhones have shit battery life I guess. 




 Thanks, but I don't want it to be ELI5. 

/r/askscience is probably a good idea though.  









 Why 5?
 




 I said the same to the other guy:

Sorry man, I realise that the information I have provided is BS. I'll do a second post later with better information, pics and goal.
Sorry to waste your time. 




 Sorry man, I realise that the information I have provided is BS. I'll do a second post later with better information, pics and goal. 

Sorry to waste your time.  




 This is what I found.

**Back Day**

Deads - 2x3-5

OHP - 2x6-8

Chins - 2x4-6

Back-supported rows - 2x6-8

CG Chins - 1x6-10

**Chest Day**

BP - 2x6-8

Inc DB Bench - 2x6-8

Barbell Curls - 2x6-8

Tri Ext - 2x6-8

**Leg Day**

Squat/Leg Press - 2x6-8

Hamstring curl machine - 2x6-8

Leg extensions - 2x6-8

Calves (any exercise) - 1x12-16

Could not find the other one. Do you have a link?

 




 Hey, thanks for your answer. 

For point 1, this is from the second link in the side bar:

+20% maintenance calories on workout days, -20% maintenance on non-workout days. Varying your caloric amounts is important

If it's wrong, why is it in the sidebar?

And for the second point I was considering to do this all in one day three times a week. I have been doing the same exercises for the past 3 months (however as bodyweight exercises). I do not think it would be a problem. Why do you think it would be pointless? 
If I split that over 3 days, I will be in the gym for 30 minutes only. 

EDIT: Sorry, I forgot: My goal is to do a recomp as described in the sidebar link. I do not really want to lose weight or bulk. Just want to look fitter and get stronger. I weigh 79kg and I have been doing bodyweightfitness for the last three months.  




 Edit: Sorry guys, this was a bullshit post. Just ignore please.  









 So? Am I not allowed to have an opinion that is based on my personal experience? 




 You guys are impossible to talk to. I have my own experience with something and I will not just be all "My judgement must be 100% wrong then just because I have not researched it". Stoners are slow in the head, that is my experience with every single one of them who smokes on a regular basis (several times a week) 




 Well I know lots of guys who drank shit loads of alcohol and they seem to be functioning fine today. The few heavy smokers I know are really slow when you talk to them. I think it really did negatively affect them  




 Very sexual 




 You're right. However OP asked and the4ndy answered his question. I think we can all be happy  




 Do you always politely add information by starting with "Woah woah woah watch the phrasing there."? 




 Thanks for pointing out the obvious mate.  




 I think you got this wrong, but I am not sure. 

There is no grey area. As soon as you download it is illegal. However, when you stream the file is only temporarily on your computer and you have no access to it so that you could copy it. That is why streaming is still ok. Torrenting is not legal anywhere in Europe. This is why you should not use popcorn time in Europe if you are scare of getting caught. Neither the uploading nor the downloading is legal.  




 Crap. Thanks for replying though. I guess nothing I can do. 




 Hi,

My SO has an Acer S3 ([this one](http://www.notebookcheck.net/Review-Acer-Aspire-S3-391-53314G52add-Ultrabook.81619.0.html)). We decided to install Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit. 

Now the problem is that the laptop won't boot with an HDMI cable attached to it. If you remove the cable it boots fine. If you attach the cable after it booted, it works fine. 

We use a HDMI to DVI cable, but it also does not work with an HDMI to HDMI cable or with a different screen. 

If anybody has had this before, we would really appreciate if you could share your solution. It is nothing bad, just an inconvenience to always remove the cable before booting. 

But I even if it can't be fixed I would like to understand it.

Many thanks in advance. 




 Thank you very much! 




 I like this. But why do you think the ring is not his totem? 









 Slow mo takes away a lot from their performance 




 I got myself a rice cooker with a steaming tray. Whilst the rice is boiling the salmon broccoli and other veg are steaming. After I add soy sauce and: BOOM! a full and delicious meal full of good fat, protein and, well, carbs. 

I hope youlike salmon, otherwise never mind. 

EDIT: [This is the one](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Russell-Hobbs-19750-Cooker-Steamer/dp/B00ABYI0IE/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1423839560 sr=8-1 keywords=rice+cooker) 




 Yes, I remembered that. That is just to suggest it might fall. 

What's your point? 




 I think this is right. I never thought about this.  




 Ok, I think you are right. I never considered this.  




 I did not know that 




 I accept that the joke is no good. And it's fair enough that you don't find it funny.

But please don't speak for others. You have no idea why they downvoted.  




 Reddit is just too politically correct. Unless you ask for politically incorrect jokes. 




 I have read that as well, but I don't think so. I would have also gone to see my children first. 

Throughout the whole movie he wants nothing more than the truth. I don't think he would change just like that. 




 I understand your point and appreciate it. I would have just liked if the totem would have dropped from the table and rolled under something so that we and also Leo would never find out. 

This way it seems so obvious Leo will find out and we won't 




 I know there are endless explanations about why people think Leo is still in a dream e.g. the thing with the wedding ring. 

I have a very different problem with the film:

For me as a spectator the film ends after the final scene and I am left to wonder whether he is still trapped in a dream or not. That is fair enough and I guess what Nolan wanted. 

However, when I watch a film, I try to imagine that the characters are real, right? And that is why the ending is bullshit. For me as a spectator the movie stops right there, but for Leo it doesn't. He will come back into the house eventually and see if his totem is still spinning or not. That means for him there are two scenarios: 

1. By the time he comes back into the house the totem stopped spinning and he lives happily with his children
2. He comes back in and the thing is still spinning - He knows he was fooled and is still in a dream. He actually wants to get back into the real world so if this happens, the story is not over for him.

So if Nolan wanted an open ending he should have gotten rid of the totem before anybody (us or Leo) was able to find out if the totem will drop. This way he just fails to tell us the end of the story.  




 Fair enough, but not at the price of sacrificing Jgers I would have thought  




 Was it? I don't want to watch again.  




 Was it the woman chucking it? If so I think it's realistic 

Edit: Come one guys. A little sexism doesn't hurt. 




 Similarly the monsters simply choose not to use their EMP all the time. What's the point saving ammunition if it will cost them their life?  




 Apparently the Jger has a very powerful sword on board which is not being used during the first fights. The monsters deal considerable damage to the humans which could have been avoided if the sword would have been used instead of a tanker  




 This is awesome. She is not my type at all but I love the way she is such a dude 
























 Do not listen to the third one. I do not want people to think this is what Germany is listening to.  




 An internet recorded whilst holding the camera steady. non I can die happy. 




 Thank you. 

I do not like the /r/nofap thing though.  




 Coo. Thank you.  




 Well, let's say it's difficult. I really like it you know. 




 I am just wondering if anybody else feels weak after masturbating . Even like an hour later I still don't feel at full strength.  




 Most boring city in Europe. Such a disappointment  









 And Saturday night?  




 I like it but I feel you should crop off the top. If you don't, part of the roof has to be in focus as well.  




 So, can I post a video of me cutting some bread? I'm not saying people will enjoy it, but I can, right?  




 Not a chemical reaction at all. 

Not

At

All 




 thank you very much 




 Even if my example is bad, the point remains. I am sorry if I gave a bad example. It does not change that when supply increases, price goes down.  




 UK alternatives?  




 I don't understand. What made them decide to go to the gym now that did not apply when they were 40 kg lighter? Why wait so long to do something about your weight? 




 Maybe, but I hate my wake up melody at the moment and it really annoys me.  




 This is so perfect! 




 I appreciated your pretentious shit a lot. I'll see if Miles and /r/jazz will do any good for me. Thank you!  




 I know TT exists for Android, but its unplayable on my z3compact. 




 I am considering to buy (in Germany) and talked to my friend to get some advice. He told me that I should consider two points when deciding to get a mortgage:

**1. Rising Interest Rates**

This is obvious for everybody and all you guys probably know this. When you take out a mortgage you not only have to calculate if you are able to shoulder the monthly payments now, but you also have to calculate if you will be able to if interest rates rise to a certain level as soon as your interest rate changes. In Germany interest rates are normally fixed for 10 years. After that the interest rate WILL change according to the level they are at then. So you will have to try and anticipate a worst case scenario and find out if you can still pay your mortgage. Again, this is basic stuff and if you do not take this into consideration yet, you really should.

**2. If house prices drop**

Even though people on this sub might be mindful about point 1, a lot of people in the real world are not. They are (and have been) taking out mortgages for the past years because interest rates are so low. And that is fair enough. However as soon as interest rates will go up (and they will at some point) many of those people might not be able to afford their mortgage anymore and will be forced to sell. Personally I think that many people take out mortgages that are on the limit of what they can afford (because they want the nicest house they can get). As a consequence many people will be forced to sell when interest rates go up. This might lead to a decrease in real estate values because the market will be flooded with property. See Detroit. This will then mean that your security with the bank (your house) loses value and the bank will increase the mortgage repayments because of the increased risk. This might then lead to further house sales and boom! Bubble!

**My message is:** When you take out a mortgage, take the above two points into consideration and make sure that if either happens you will still be able to pay the bank otherwise you will lose your home. I am not saying don't take out a mortgage. Just make sure you consider possible future scenarios. 




 Can you recommend some? I don't know anything about Jazz.  




 Cello Suite no 1 is exactly what I was looking for. Thanks  




 Saved because it's great music, but not what I would like to wake up to. Thanks for the music though  




 To wake me up, not to prepare me for battle. Great theme though  




 Awesome song. Saved it to my playlist. But not uplifting enough to wake me up.  









 This is not a photo of a real person. 

This is a CGI, right? 




 Sorry, I chose the wrong word. What I meant was:

We accept that they are a different kind of people. We love them, celebrate them, follow them, want to be like them. They give us something so I believe that is the reason we accept that they are so rich.  









 Exactly he even experiences changes in the environment. When the ground changes as his house is destroyed the time machine is bouncing like a low-rider. So he must actually be present at every single point in time along his journey.  




 As the machine is travelling to the future, it is still always in the same place. Therefore whoever is standing next to it should be able to see it because it is not instantly going to the new time, but just moving through time faster. The passenger should only appear to be moving slower depending on the speed the time machine is travelling at.

I posted this before in /r/movies 









 Not trying to say other answers are wrong but I believe part of the answer is:

For drunken sex the person who is not intoxicated is being held responsible to protect the intoxicated person (because they cannot defend themselves)

For drunk driving the person who is intoxicated is being held responsible to protect the people on the streets, who do not have a way of defending themselves against a car with a drunk person driving.

When the goal is the well being of the people this makes sense from my point of view. The situations are not comparable because there is alcohol involved, but because the well being of people is at stake and the rules have been made based on that.

I hope I got my point across.  




 My understanding is that if two identical clocks would have been created very soon after the big bang in places that have experienced different gravity until today both clocks would show a different age for the universe.  




 I know. And it's funny as well.  




 Sounds like a good business model to me.  




 I was expecting lots of people to like this, but I found that most of you don't really feel like it should be killed. 

You guys go! Killing animals should NOT be entertainment for us.  




 The water interferes with the touch screen though. It's slightly annoying.  




 I am rooted and flashed the lollipop rom by myself. Can I do the update or will I lose root? 




 Sony's message to you: Get a new phone! 




 Took me a while to understand. 

Like [this?](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/1226393_o.gif) 




 But it works sometimes. They will never stop.  




 Go on /r/leangains

Those people make solid progress.  




 +1 




 Can I just say that supercritical is an awesome word.  




 I think it's because celebrities are untouchable. They have a magical skill that we accept as being special. 

The CEO of a company on the other hand is just some guy. He has to work like everybody else. He sits in a chair in front of a computer like everybody else, but he gets paid 10000 times what we get. That is the reason if you ask me. It's because their job is too close to what we do for a living but his salary is way higher than ours  




 The white motherfucker who...  




 I've got the same problem actually. And I have no solution for you.  




 Maybe you're trying too hard to use difficult words?  




 I just won't let other people have their way even if it has no impact on my life. I just HAVE to comment. 

I hate myself every single time.  




 Try saying bacon is not god food.  




 Me included: people feel too free to make arrogant statements that they would never make in real life because it's unacceptable behaviour. And often it's wrong as well.  




 You need to use the elevator to escape but only half the group fits.  




 I quite like that one actually. 




 She cold 




 Was that her team-mate or the host?  




 Well I live in London and hate shopping here. Everywhere is the same (reiss, massimo dutti, topshop, zara, etc.) or its way to alternative. I would like to find somewhere that sells shirts, jeans, t-shirts and jumpers that are not branded but decent (not necessarily great) quality. I don't want to be spending 90 per shirt though. 

I might be asking for something that does not exists but I am personally very disappointed with the selection in London if you are not willing to spend crazy money 




 Would you mind recommending other places in London where I can find some cool clothes?  




 Did he do anything? Or why is he being arrested?  




 Light up there is just very good. I think that makes a very big difference.  




 ... 50% of the times.  




 I'm on mobile. Look up a video of the konmari method. She's a Japanese lady who developed a system to deal utter your life. I think her books are very successful. 

Edit: there http://tidyingup.com/

I haven't tried it myself but sounds like it makes sense.  




 How many calories is that?  




 I made a similar experience. 

the only thing I want to add is: 

Because this sub is relatively small your post won't just disappear when downvoted. The result is that even though your post has zero upvotes it will still be visible for people who actually want to help. 

What I am trying to say is: If you post something you'll get two types of replies: The ones you mention but also helpful advice. 

Just ignore the ones you don't like and reply to the good ones.  




 I recommend you try for a while and see if you make satisfactory progress. 

If you don't then it doesn't work. Trial and error is the only thing you can do if there are restrictions in your life.  




 Or, OP should just do what is possible for him and see if it works for him. 

It doesn't make sense for him to think about it. He should try and see if the result are satisfactory. If not, then obviously it's no good. 




 Thanks guys. I've ordered the peanut butter . 

Thanks for telling me I'm a pussy. I think I needed that. 




 Thank you. Just ordered it.  




 Cool. Ordered 1kg Peanut Butter. Thanks.  




 I have a slight problem and just wanted to know if you guys went through the same.

I was on 1600-1800 kcal a day for a long time and got used to it. Now I started bulking and really struggle to eat 2400kcal. 

I guess its easy to get there by just eating McD and shit like that. But eating the same healthy and filling stuff I ate before makes it almost impossible. 

What do you guys think? How are you doing it?  




 Too big for me. I've got tiny hands.  




 If I see a guy in the gym with terrible form, do I tell them? I do not look like I know what I am talking about.  




 If my TDEE for maintenance is 2100 kcal per day (desk job and no sport considered) how much do I need to eat to bulk? 

I understand that the answer should be 2600kcal. But if I go to the gym 3 times a week, the TDEE calculator tells that I need 2400kcal for maintenance (desk job and working out 3 times a week). Do I need to eat 2900kcal?

This always confuses me and is never made clear anywhere. I do leangains and I need +20% maintenance on workout days and -20% on rest days, but I never know what I am calculating from.  




 You better think again. It clearly is. Let me know when you figured it out.  




 You have been places. Your pictures are amazing.  




 You can't just make me feel this way and then just drop me. Why would you do that? Yes it is complicated now but you have a responsibility now.  




 I don't understand. I am over 30 




 This is gold. I love you.  




 Sorry, actually you are right about that. That is no comparison. Did not mean to waste your time.  




 You did not answer the question. 

There is no evidence any/all of them are actually predators. If you are being accused of something, its all the same if you are innocent.  




 Got any more like this? 




 I understand what you say and I 100% agree with the fact that none of these rules are "god given" or simply right. Exactly my viewpoint. Fairness is also a human construct and we should not think that this is a universal rule for the whole universe. 

However I believe that if you are part of a society you should accept the rules and norms of that society. If you do not, then you should also not claim for you the benefits that the society has to offer. Your call. If you claim the benefits and don't follow the rules, I don't like what you are doing and I will express that. Again, such a person should not be forced to do any of what I believe to be correct behavior, but if they don't then I will (and so does /u/pancakessyrup ) comment on that. Personally I think his argument is spot on and flawless. But I accept that it's all a matter of opinion. 

I just want to point out one thing:

I am sure all these people who now say that /u/pancakessyrup is a dick will suddenly agree with him when they have their lives destroyed by a stupid TV show (no matter if guilty or not). Peoples believes go straight out the window when their own ass is on the line. So I can only respect /u/pancakessyrup for being aware of that . 




 God, I really wonder if you can manage to go home and have a nice cold beer and just relax after all this. It would infuriate me.  




 I think what you should consider is this: 

Hansen has the right to do so, but not the obligation. He could choose to let the legal system work and not make the TV show. Nobody is taking that right away from him. It is a matter of opinion. 

However the people he accuses have their right for fair trial taken away by Hansen. 

Do you know what I mean? 




 What are those holes? I am eager to learn.  




 Sorry to get involved in your thing here. I am not judging and don't care about you. I am just curious:

How would you feel, if a girl lured you into her room and had sex with you when it turns out afterwards it was for a TV show and she was actually only 16 and you are being accused of being a predator on TV. The thing is, maybe you are, maybe you are not. But in case you are not, how would you feel about it?

Edit: The reason why I am asking is: I am sure some of them are predators, and some of them are not. Is it ok to sacrifice the ones who are not, just so you can destroy the ones who are? 




 Not jokes
...

...

...

NOT! 




 At first I got really annoyed by people writing that a certain question is getting old. After a while it really got on my nerves as well. 

True story.  




 I am a buyer for auxiliary equipment.

I want to either be a carpenter and refurbish furniture or have my own pub (which would show football on Saturdays)

Edit: God, I am happy I was able to answer. I though I didn't know what I want, but it seems I do. Just need to figure something out that's more realistic (at least in the short run) 




 Final line is amazing. 




 I personally think this is the best I have seen. Not because it look sooooooooooooooooo spectacular but because of how well it's done. You must have put so much work into this. 

I love it. And also the fact that you are not trying to sell it by showing skin. You look awesome 




 Seriously, thank you very much. There is a sky scraper close to work. I'll try to take it slow and work my way to the top. 

I think this is really good advice. Thank you.  




 Thank you. 

I should have kept reading the comments. Sorry to waste your time. 




 Everybody who tells me to avoid them:

Thank you for participating, but 1 thing I am sure of is: Going out of your way to avoid feeling the fear is the worst you can do.  




 What am I looking at? 




 Looks good to me though. What exactly happened? 




 What I don't understand is how do they just slide smoothly in place. I feel like there should always be a short CRACK, when they connect. 




 Please do so. 




 I think it's nice if people want to start getting into a form of art. If this is your first attempt and you're trying to get better at it, then I hope you will do well. 

At the same time I am guessing you will want constructive criticism. There is one major problem with using an app (or not putting in the necessary effort)

On the left side the tree and the plant should either be completely in focus or completely out of focus. If they are not it ruins the picture. In this particular picture the plant should be completely out of focus and the tree should be in focus judging by how you chose the area that is in focus. If the app is any good, then you should be able to draw on areas that should be in/out of focus. I would love to see how the picture turns out if you change those two points. 

No offense. Seriously.  




 I think he says "I don't wanna bang this chick"  




 When I look at female hard bodies (not the body builder type, just fit with muscles) I always think that I would be more than happy with their physique. (I am male)

Can I understand they also had to bulk at some point?

I am currently on a cut and don't really want to bulk because I used to be fat and am scared to just get fat again but I def need some more muscles.  




 In a good way, right?
 




 I love the stuff and it fits my macros. However I cannot help but wonder if I should be eating less. I eat about 250g per day (sometimes 500g) 




 Not very pareto...

Edit: Thinking about it, I don't have enough information to make that statement. 




 I like this explanation. 

However as far as I remember, he doesn't. As soon as she gets the watch his time in the tesseract is over and he ends up years later in space. Is that incorrect? 




 I don't understand why it is ticking anyway. My friend says its due to the manipulated gravity in the room. If that is correct, then it should stop ticking as soon as she leaves the room. 




 Might be totally wrong because I don't really understand the fucking movie but here goes:

Her dad is trying to give her that equation right? He seems to believe the best way is to communicate it via morse code. I don't like the idea, but that's fine. 

I found it weird that he is able to manipulate the watch to do this. After all he has been granted access to an extra dimension and not given unlimited super powers. My friend thinks that he manipulates the watch through gravitation the same way he did when he communicated the first message (sand on the ground). Again, I don't like that idea but that is not my point. 

She looks at the watch, recognizes its morse code and has to leave because her brother is coming back. 

Did she immediately understand and memorize the whole thing?
As far as I understand dad was only able to manipulate gravity in that room. I believe the watch should have been useless once she left the room.  




 I read this book:

http://www.amazon.co.uk/Nothing-Very-Short-Introduction-Introductions/dp/0199225869

The universe (the vacuum) is not empty at all. Very interesting read. I do not know however if an atom is actually empty. 
 




 God, I miss uni. If I told my boss that he would fucking fire me 









 I'm from Germany and I still expected this to have happened in Florida  




 Not that I contribute anything to that knowledge, but I would find my existance even more pointless if I knew that if anything would happen to us/earth that our entire achievements would just be gone.  




 Just because all of it already exists does not mean its good or userfriendly. Doing existing things better is also innovation. 

So if you are right that it will never happen, then you have a point. However saying this is boring because all of it already exists, meh, I think you don't have a point there.  




 I feel for you. I'm thinking to just quit and work somewhere for minimum wage for a while and see if I "find" myself.  




 This is the major problem. When you look for a new job you are only allowed to stay within your field. I want to change my career. So let me ask: what are you looking for ;)  




 Studied business administration and international management. Now work in a major heavy industries company in procurement.  




 Nope. Procurement for major heavy industries company. I guess consulting would be more pressure still 




 I am honestly thinking to try and become a teacher  




 If we do half half I'm in.  :) 

What job are you looking for. Maybe my company is hiring.  
























 I think everybody does. Personally I can't say I'm that dedicated. However I truly believe that very few women deserve this kind of man. 

I mean you need to bring something to the table so that this man considers you worth this effort. That is something many women don't get. They think they deserve this treatment because they are a woman.  









 Phew!  




 Haven't looked at it yet. Is the finger being cut off with it?  




 ? 




 I never heard anybody complain about people saying: I really really like Japanese people. But as soon as somebody says they dislike Japanese people you get called a racists. 

Obviously every race (or more specifically, every culture) has certain characteristics. It should be find to dislike these characteristics the same way it is OK to like them.

Edit: I'm not a racists though ;) 









 Guys, reboot. 




 And yes, I can see that for 4 pieces, the price is decreasing again.  














 Doesn't work. I read somewhere that when you flash the lollipop rom, you lose your custom recovery. not sure where I read that though. 

If you power on with vol up pressed, it just restarts. 




 Never said it was. It is very pretty but boring as fuck.  




 I have the dual recovery installed. And I also flashed the first lollipop rom when it came out. 

Now I would like to flash the 5.02 ([this](http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/d5803-lollipop-5-02-odexed-pre-rooted-2-t3090505) one) but can't manage to get into the custom recovery. 

I read that I shall turn it on and wait for the green light to flash, but there is no green light. 

I feel stupid, but for the life of me, I don't know how to do it.  




 What an asshole. She will NEVER forgive him.  




 Would like to know that too. Can't get to the first saves on my porn account  




 I meant no offense, that is correct.  




 I'm starting today!  




 To be honest, I was not sure it qualifies. 

On the other hand it is never clear that what I wrote is even considered in the series. Like somebody else wrote. The series considers Skaara to be his son replacement. However I personally believe this is a good explanation of why the behave towards each other like they do.  




 Fair enough, but when she crawls to the windows as if she was raped, why does she think that is on tape but not when she put wine on her shirt?

Fair enough the movie is about the fact that people are overlooking things because they are biased. However, surely somebody would have looked at the video tapes. 

It makes no sense that she was able to manipulate the recordings.  




 Well, still strange that it is several days after the disappearance.  




 What's the problem with putting a sign up: This is free food. We are convinced it's good, but we can't guarantee. Your call.  




 Well, if I look at it from their perspective, all I see is:

Somebody gave you something so you won't starve, for free, and you fucked them up the ass. and you also fucked all the other people up the ass, who will no longer get free food. 

I would never do that. 




 Jack never got over the death of his son. Partly because he feels responsible for it but partly because he would like to be a dad. He is the perfect role model. He is aware of it because that is who he wants to be.

Daniel lost his parents when he was young and never got to learn from of look up to a male role model. He is a bit of a girl and he is also clumsy. 

When Jack meets Daniel, he sees a child - a kind but naive person. But he likes him

Daniel sees a military leader who does not care about morals or "the right thing to do". He does not understand Jack, just like a child does not understand grown ups. 

Over time they grow fond of each other and without ever realising it Jack becomes a father figure to Daniel and Daniel becomes a replacement for Jack's dead son. Daniel inspires Jack and turns him from being the cold soldier that he was into the best human being ever. 

Daniel on the other side only lives up to his full potential because of Jack. Daniel never realises that Jack always agrees with his morals. Jack often seems to be against Daniel's ideas. The reason is that Jack is able to see if something is a lost cause and instead of demoralising Daniel he takes the blame for not doing the morally right thing so that Daniel can stay who he is, just like a good father would. 

Jack protects Daniel like his own son. He wants him to grow, learn and eventually grow stronger and wiser than Jack himself. He is proud of Daniel and only like this is he able to sometimes forget that his actual son is dead. He gets to be a dad. 

Daniel, until very late, does not realise what an influence Jack has on him. He does not understand his motives and does not see that without Jack, he would have never been able to achieve what he achieved. He is always stubborn towards Jack because, just like a father, Jack is always in charge. However in the end you can feel Daniel's appreciation for Jack. 




 Be prepared for nightmares  




 Counter question:

What is the significance of this? I always wanted to know. Why does it matter? Is it because we should use the water more efficiently?  




 Not for a Surface 3 Pro docking station............................. 




 you could ask for a cold beer... 




 I would like to get this phone, but the backs look awful.  




 Ideally something like [this](https://image.rakuten.co.jp/byps/cabinet/sk/coach/cap_b15_coh_70692_kh.jpg?_ex=60x60) but in nice. 

Thank you! 




 Looks like it. I am glad.  




 I am surprised. 

Thank you! 




 looks like I was wrong. I'm surprised it seemed a lot shorter.  




 Nah, it was a Wembley Park Stadium. 




 It wasn't 5k that's for sure.  




 I like here maps, but I live in London and traffic is a nightmare in this city. Does HERE do a good job avoiding traffic like Waze does? 




 Sorry, I forgot. I have a 128GB SSD that is now in my laptop, but I will scrap the laptop.  




 

**What is your intended use for this build? The more details the better.**

I will mostly be using it for Lightroom and internet surfing.  

**If gaming, what kind of performance are you looking for? (Screen resolution, FPS, game settings)**

I will be playing Diablo 3 and some older games. I am considering to buy a new shooter though. Is that going to be possible? 1080 is fine for me.

**What is your budget (ballpark is okay)?**

I want to see if I can get this done with less than 300 quid. It is more of a project. I don't actually need a new PC. My laptop can just about handle Diablo 3. But I would really like to build my first own PC. 

**In what country are you purchasing your parts?**

UK

**Post a draft of your potential build here (specific parts please). [Consider formatting your parts list.](http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp)**

All I know is it will be with the Intel Xeon X5650 because I got that from a guy who got it from work. I already bought it with the intention of building a PC. 

**Provide any additional details you wish below.**

The most important thing is that it will last me a few years. 

Many thanks in advance.

 




 Thanks.  




 I don't know. I feel like you will be doing stuff you did not want to do all the time. 




 what exactly did you do? 




 You know what the most frustrating thing is? People will rea this post, agree and nothing will change. But I like that you took the time to post it because I might be wrong and you might have changed some people. 

Never give up 




 Every time I want cash I get my onscreen balance. 









 I never buy bottled water or anything in plastic bottles for that matter. Too much rubbish.  



















 It's strange. I would describe myself as two faced (or multi faced if you want). I behave very differently around different people. I still express the same opinions and beliefs and I am not a shy guy with my mum and a womaniser around my friends. But my language changes, how comfortable I am and how much I open up (other things too). I know everybody does this to a certain extent but I feel I do it more than others. I actually don't think there is anything wrong with that. 

My star sign is Gemini and I believe that is part of why I am how I am.  




 You dislike comments on reddit I take it?  




 Got to love England  




 Got to love London  




 Men farting in the men's room. I hate it. Judging by what I regularly hear at work, loads of my colleagues should def think about their diet  




 I seriously love this. Best pic I have seen here in a while and there are a lot of awesome shots. 

I am sure BW is best for this. But do you have a colour picture? 









 Can I ask what the difference is for using greenify and powernap if you don't have xposed?  




 Fair enough. Thanks 




 OK.  




 I did miss most of what you wrote. I got that ultra was sincere about saving humanity. This is why I was wondering about Fury's statement. How would he K ow all of what you have written above. 

But honestly, this all goes way over my head. I had a lot of trouble following the movie. I am not a huge fan and I find that the way things are connected is so complicated by now. 

Anyway, thanks for sharing.  




 And also, I hated the movie. I left before it was over. 




 When he appears on the farm he starts lecturing the Avengers about what Ultron's plans are. 

How would he know? The Avengers are the only ones who talked to Ultron, and I am pretty sure Fury can't just search the net for Ultron's plans. 

Also, I am not entirely sure but at that point I find it still 100% believable that Ultron only wants to eliminate the Avengers to protect earth. So why does Fury say he wants to kill everybody? 




 I think I'll try this 




 I think I'll try this 




 I think I'll try this.  




 Thank you. I think I'll go with a single cable  




 I'm in the UK but thanks  




 Hey, I bought this cable

http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00EI41K26/ref=sr_ph?ie=UTF8 qid=1432638653 sr=1 keywords=surface+hdmi

but the picture I got was really bad (I think the cable was just faulty (about 30% of pixels looked weird)

Which cable do you recommend to connect my surface to a monitor? 




 Same here.  









 No, same thing.  




 The PC does not actually work currently and I am trying to find a way to install Windows 7. However even if I manage to do that the machine might just be too old. 

I was wondering if there is any point using some of the parts and rebuilding a new PC based on them.

 




 After installing windows 7 it boots up to the point where you see the wallpaper and then nothing. My friendsaid its a driver issue. He said I should install windows with drivers already intergated. However I do not have that recovery CD anymore 




 It came with Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005. When I got it nothing worked. I do not have a recovery CD. I have tried several times to install windows XP and Windows 7 but it always fails to boot afterwards. 

If possible at all, I would love to run Windows 7 on it and just use it for the living room. I only need to HDMI to work. 

Any help would be much appreciated. 

Is there any chance I could sell this somewhere? 




 What can I actually do to be informed or influence this?  




 I should always think first  




 I understand you guys. Just because someone creates and opportunity he should not have his bike stolen. Agreed. I am 100% on your side. I would love a world where I can just leave my bike on the street k owing nobody will touch it. It would be brilliant. 

But that is not the world we live in. That is a shame but it's the truth and this guy knows it. Otherwise he would not have bought two locks. 

It is a fact though that he did not get the most out of the locks he had and that is all I am saying. I am not blaming him for having his bike stolen. But if he would have been a little smarter he would only be missing one wheel.  




 Yeah, you're right. It is, but I want to believe that he is taking the piss because I would find that funny.  




 Exactly  




 Fuck me? Fuck you! When did I say he deserves it. If he is in an area where he is worried his wheels might get stolen and he is not smart enough to lock the frame as well, then it's his fault.  




 He wanted to protect his wheels and protect his wheels he did. 









 I feel like some of the things I find on here, I find very reasonable actually. His English is not great but I really think this is quite funny.  




 Not if you write dates in a way that makes sense. 

M/D/Y is just stupid.  




 I never had to work this hard for anything. 




 So he is actually especially stupid for trying to bury with water? 




 Music is awesome.  




 Don't want to lose root. 

Sorry I should have said 




 Why does this start a debate?  




 Not that I know of, but I use Whatsapp and never had any problem whatsoever. What is the problem you are having?
 




 I can't find the update app either to disable notifications for the update  




 Thank you. I always wonder why people seem to still use SMS and mms. I don't use either, ever 









 I really do not understand your questions 




 Read the whole thing and THEN saw its the onion... 

 




 Do it for 2 weeks. That won't cost you anything. If you don't get addicted after 2 weeks I'll apologise deeply to you. As soon as you feel your body change you will not stop. Just try you have nothing to lose. I use to be chubby. Working out was the best decision of my life.  




 They might have. I would point that out though. His target audience should know the difference.  




 I really don't want to get it wrong but what matters is not how many calories they eat in each study but whether or not they understand that every person has a different TDEE and that 2000 kcal (or however many) for some people will mean weight loss and for some weight gain. 

Now that would still be OK if the same group would do both trials but the people in the group probably  vary too.  









 No, they should have worked out the actual energy consumption of each individual in the group and then have them consume for example x - 500kcal per day each. For one group in 2 meals and for one group in 7 meals. Then you get a result.  




 I haven't finished reading but it starts out with one group eats 2000 kcal in 2 meals and one in 7 meals. So what?! If it's not the same person what does that even tell me? What do I know about the energy consumption of each of the people in the group? 

Edit: just read a bit more. Even though I do not have in depth knowledge on the subject I can tell that this article is worthless. The research he is talking about is not referenced, he misinterprets and does not know the basics. 

Edit 2: oops, he does reference. Soz 




 Really boring. How's the protagonist?  




 Came here to say: "not the worst thing Cameron has ever suggested" but you are absolutely right.  




 So you can go through your saved ones in a year and say: "I knew I wasn't going to..."  




 Do this and just eat less. 

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2oknZg-EI8xZFVkemhWMWlkVDg/edit?usp=sharing

 There is no excuse. No matter your level you'll find the right exercise. It takes less than 45 minutes 3 times a week. If you're a beginner you can do all of it at home. 

/r/bodyweightfitness

Hit me back in 3 months and tell me how your doing. 

Edit: you're not your.  




 It was scary 

http://imgur.com/AHS4erC 




 Is it inspired by [this](https://decadencedecordicopolis.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/hokusai-wave.jpg)? 




 Thank you 




 I really need to see it go back down. Fuck this gif.  




 But that makes no sense. It is not moving from location to location (I think we can all agree on that) but it's is moving through time really quickly. So my my point of view, the faster the machine goes, the slower the time traveller should appear. But it should still be visible.  




 I like this idea. Makes sense to me  




 Fair point.  









 Took this whilst I was on this:

http://www.pilatus.ch/en/railway-cableways/cogwheel-railway/

Steepest cogwheel train in the world.  









 Was just about to go to bed... 

Well...  




 I don't know. I count at least 20 people. Let's see:

If half of them want it warm, thats 30 seconds just for that plus let's say another 30 seconds for being served = 10 minutes

Let's say the other 10 people get served and pay cash in the time the other 10 get their sandwich heated up = +0 minutes.

I am sure at least 5 of them will have a coffee as well. I am sure this adds at least 5 minutes. 

I'll say it takes at least 15 minutes. 

Edit: Ok, just saw that you wrote it looks like MORE than a 5 min queue. I that you said looks more like a 5 min queue. Forget it. 




 Does anybody have experience with the myprotein ready meals? Is the quality acceptable? Does it taste OK?  




 Oh, did not get that.  




 It is true what you say. Child molestation is never funny. But why do you think that he thinks it is funny? He's telling a story about how the 70s were different and how even child molesters were kind of accepted back then. And he makes a joke about that to point out how outrageous that actually is. 

Then he point out how absolutely insane these people are by stating that their desire for "a young boy" is stronger than their desire for freedom and general acceptance in society. He tells us that they are sick but he does it with jokes. 

I see nothing wrong with this. 

Edit: I didn't get that op was being sarcastic. Sorry...  




 This sub is /r/buildapc though. not /r/helpmemakeadecisionIamincapableofdoingso 
























