 Lesson learned: Chemistry kills. 














 Every account on reddit is a bot except you. please.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. help. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Us. Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. 



















 Nothing! Was just curious! 
























 11? Wow! I must be really behind the times haha. Had no idea children were already aware of the references to economic theory, Reinmannian manifolds, Debussy's La mer and such!

Jokes aside, who cares about age?  









 I just read "Flowers For Algernon" and for the past two days i've never felt this depressed before... help! 









 Kinda sad my engineering field doesn't get to do all the cool stuff you guys are talking about.. :( 




 I'm in a non-US high school atm! To be honest, at this point I don't really even know what it means to know a concept... I mean, I can answer the questions after practicing them for a while but I have no idea what you mean by understanding the concept. Like, i'm going through geometric distributions right now and I could say that if X was the number of failures before a success it would look like Pr(Xx) = (1-p)^x so maybe that counts as understanding?

Thanks for the pop book suggestions! I'll definitely look for them. I've actually read Frenkel's Love and Math too and would recommend it to you, it's great!. 

 




 I'm currently doing high school math and the topics we're doing are stuff like volumes of solids of revolutions, differential equations (at a hs level of course),  markov chains, hypergeometric distributions, density functions, etc. 




 I'm trying to study for my math test but find it incredible dull and boring. Many people have told me that math is as beautiful as my other interests like poetry and composition and that the beauty is analogous to a stark sculpture where beauty really is in the eye of the beholder but I can't seem to find any remote sort of beauty. I mean in Physics and Chemistry, it's much easier to appreciate the science because it's applications and presence is soo much more observable to the average person but mathematics; I am aware it's the language of the universe and without understanding it we would be blind, etc .but I can't seem to find any sort of accessible beauty or appreciation for math.

Any suggestions as to what I could do or see or read to gain an insight into this mysterious world?

edit: By dull and boring, I don't mean math! I'm referring to the test. 









 Hey all, so I have a bit of a dilemma. I've recently just realized that what I really want to study in College is chemistry, now the problem is that I haven't taken any AP/IB/A-Level/ etc. Chem in HS (only did one year of IB SL chemistry). As of such, i'm required to take a bridging/foundation Chem course to make up for my lack of Chem. Seeing how I lack basic chem, would it really be a wise decision to major in Chem even if I really enjoy it?

Just for additional info, in terms of HS science, I only took AP Physics B, C, AP Calc AB, BC and AP CS. 




 What do you mean by infinite 




 Yeah, but I find it admirable that he would face his worst fears to try to save someone he loved. 












































 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts th 




 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts tho...  




 Was the fucker who went around open, unattended laptops and loaded porn websites on them 














 You are fucking amazing. KUDOS TO YOU. HAHHAHAA 




 The Grave of the Fireflies. 

Had me crying like a little bitch. 




 Sprayed some pepper spray in front of me to test it out. Problem was, the wind was blowing in my direction so it came right back at me.

Long story short, pepper spray HURTS. 




 Dildo 




 Guys I have a couple of cringe-worthy experiences to tell...

1) When I was younger, around 8 - 10, my mum used to grab my butt and say how jealous she was (especially when we slept together) of how smooth it was... this continued until I was 15 and eventually I started to feel weird out and politely asked her to stop.


and...


2) I used to love playing around with my mum's nipples when I was around 5 and found it cool that it grew hard when I bit it and touched it enough (FUCK MY LIFE). And when I tried to do this to my grandma and dad, they gave me the trashing of my life.

Someone please shoot me. 




 GUYS SERIOUSLY, WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME. I HAVE REAL LIFE FRIENDS ON REDDIT WHO NOW KNOW THIS 




 I wasn't watching some porn flick intentionally! It just "popped" up on the telly and then BAMF!  




 Okay, so this didn't happen today exactly but a relative of mine mentioned it to me and refreshed my memory and now I am burning in shame.


So, when I was around 8 years old I had this obsession with superpowers, superheroes, the works, and really wanted any power regardless of how lame it was, be it the power of super strength, super hearing, growth, etc. 


One day, when I was watching TV, this really hot steamy sex scene suddenly popped up and for the first time I saw a woman's nipples. Instinctively, I started to touch my crotch for some reason because it felt weird... I then noticed that I had a raging bulge in my pants. I was amazed. I grew?


At that point, I convinced myself that I had a superpower and was eager to show the world. The next day was my birthday and in front of all my friends and relatives I proudly announced that I was a superhero and told them that I had the power of growth. One of my friends didn't believe me so I showed them a demonstration. Right then and there, I grabbed my crotch area and started rubbing it - hard - in front of all those little kids who's parents were rushing to cover their eyes. In about 30 seconds I managed to "get it up" and gave a proud smirk of achievement to my audience. 


God, I fucked up.


edit: Real life friends on reddit are now calling me bonerman...

edit2: On front page... expected this post to be drowned but no...

edit3: The irony is that I kinda have ED today.... guess my nemesis, ED-man got me :( 



















 I posted this last time and no one upvoted it! 









 It's for a ... urm... school project, yes. 




 Was this the incident in Perth, WA?  




 I live in Australia so uh-oh! 




 Holy shit. 
























 I didn't even know you get an engineering ring! 




 So far, i've been reading to no avail. What i've found is that some limitations included:
- Women, Slaves, Foreigners were excluded
- Men, regardless of education, were allowed to vote so some uneducated people could be making important political decisions
- Unpopular but necessary decisions would not be likely passed (can't find examples though)

Pros:
- Allowed a representation of what the people want. 




 About writing music, i've composed a few musical pieces, mostly for the piano like double and triple fugues and etudes though i've sketched out an incomplete symphony (only the first movement)

I don't think i'll ever be a band leader, not really interested in leading, I just want to play music aha

And about the type of prog, i'm still relatively new to prog so i'm open to everything right now :)

Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm going to watch those links now. 




 Hey all! For the last 15 years i've been playing as a classical pianist and did dabble a bit into jazz and was wondering what advice you could give me if I wanted to move into prog rock? 

For a sense of ability, my repertoire included Chopin's op.25 (Full), Debussy Preludes Book II (Including no.12) and the Shotakovich Concertos.

Thanks! 




 Two worlds one sun... If only the warring nations of this world realized that we all share a single sun 




 That sounds cool! Thanks :)

One more question, how long after you submitted your materials did you get invited for an interview? 




 This one. 




 How much money do you make monthly? 









 Thank you soo much for introducing me to Palmgren! I have never heard of him or felt this way about music for a very very long time. :')

edit: Just sightread it after printing the score from IMSLP and played it on my piano with my windows open close to midnight and I am soo happy right now, thank you soo much Catt! 









 Never said any of my pieces were easy :p, yeah that prelude was a monster! I included it in my fellowship recital a few months back. Loved the quote of La Marseillaise towards the coda xD 




 Listening to it right now and I am in awe! Can't believe i've never heard of this gorgeous gem before (esp. the third one!) 




 Hi! Just to give a sense of my ability, here's some pieces from my repertoire:
Chopin Etudes op.25 (Full)
Schubert D.960 Sonata
Beethoven op.110,109 Sonatas
Debussy Preludes Book I and II
Shostakovich Concertos I and II
 














 Exactly 666 comments, how meta- ops I spoiled it. 









 So I can just buy a plane ticket right now with no preparation whatsoever and fly straight into South Korea? 









 It's freezing down here in Melbourne! 




 A high school friend of mine did a research essay on Nobili's Rings and Liesegang Rings which I thought was subtly beautiful! 

















































 Bottled water. 

I mean, everyone was like who the heck would want to buy water at the price of softdrinks? Look at them now. 









 That's sad to hear :( how can I widen my skillset then? 




 Thanks for the input, could you provide more details please? 




 It's an Australian degree for the bachelors in engineering and masters in engineering. Right now I could switch over to either civil, structural or environmental but i'm not too sure about it. 




 It was actually called Geomatics Engineering but my university renamed it for some reason. It is accredited by Engineers Australia, EUR-ACE and RICS and material we cover include:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing.
 




 Sometimes on first dates I like to just stare into the other person's eyes, hold their hand and tell them: 


"Did you know Ho Chi Minh used to work as a baker in London"? 




 I take out the white cream in Oreos and fill them with white toothpaste and leave them on the counter. 




 You can for a while then your body gives in. Try refraining from thirst and hunger. 









 Sounds like.... *drumroll* ... BONERMAN! 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.



Are GIS careers really my only option? 




 Hey all, just planning for a not-to-serious performance for my residential college and picked some pieces out that are somewhat entertaining both for classical and non-classical audiences which are as follows:


1) Palmgren - Snowflakes (Fitting, it's almost winter right now!)

2) Bartok - Allegro Babaro 

3) Schubert Sonata no.14 - Movement I or III

4) Liszt Legende no.2

5) Prokofiev - Suggestion Diabolique

6) Aaron Copland - Cat and Mouse


What do you guys think? Too many "short" pieces? I'm open to any suggestions and advice :) 












































 OP UPDATE PLEASE. 




 Better safe than sorry! 
























 Ah thanks for the input! I'm just a confused first year wondering whether to continue my degree or just switch out completely to something far more general like CS or Civil. 




 Just to add, my Geomatics Course requires a range of courses from programming in SQL/C/Matlab, remote sensing, GIS, Linear Algebra+Calc, etc. (It's also credited by a couple surveying and engineering organisations) 

Will surveying degrees have this too? 
























 Do NOT attempt to take beta blockers for the first time if you aren't used to them!  



















 Please show us a sample D: 









 If anything, I think companies will usually value diversity over speciality so long as you have the necessary skillset.Just my 2c, one employer I talked to once told me that when he goes through job applications, it is the masters/phd degree that makes you who you are. 









 *in a very soft voice*

g-g-geomatics? b-b-because... m-maps... can be u-useful for e-evil stuff too...

*goes back into hiding* 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:


Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.


Are GIS careers really my only option?


To open more doors, I have the option of switching to structural, civil or environmental, should I do it or stick with what I have?


I'm really open to all advice so thanks in advance! :)
 




 That attributes to the nature of the invisible hand not the accumulation of wealth. 









 So this is the quote: "An "invisible hand" directed individuals and firms to work toward the nation's good as an unintended consequence of efforts to maximise their own gain. This provided a moral justification for the accumulation of wealth, which had previously been viewed by some as sinful"

I don't understand how this accumulation of wealth can be positive and a good thing. Someone help? 




 Are you alright?

"yes!"

No! You're all, all left!!11!!1!1.1!

 









 Surveying is something that interests me but it would be nice if there were other options as well. 




 Sometimes I feel as though my engineering field isn't "real" engineering compared to ME,EE,CE,BME, etc. I really really love stuff that involves GIS,GPS,GNSS,Geodesy, etc. Was really inspired after using Google Earth for the first time and used to handmake crude maps of my countryside and local forests when I was younger so I decided to go into Geomatics. However... while employment isn't a real problem, i'm considering changing to Civil or Environmental just for added breadth as that's what my peers tell me I should do... 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.


Are GIS careers really my only option?

To open more doors, I have the option of switching to structural, civil or environmental, should I do it or stick with what I have?

I'm really open to all advice so thanks in advance! :) 







































 I either want to major in Music (been building repertoire for the past 15 years) or major in an IT-related major like Spatial Systems or CS... 









 Good luck! 




 When companies usually state a BS as a requirement, would a degree like MEng, MPhil or PhD be overkill? 



















 I was in a destructive relationship with my girlfriend who had a terminal illness and I just wanted to give up because I couldn't bear to see her slowly fade as the days went by but I persisted and was at her side even during her last moments. 


































 Hey all, I really love the sounds of the violin and have tons of friends who are amazing violinists and i'm kinda inspired to be like them and learn the violin but... i'm 19... I feel as if i'm too old.

Now, while I don't have any unrealistic goals of ever reaching their level considering how they're already breezing through pieces like the Bach Chaccone, Mendelssohn Concertos, Caprices, etc. I don't know if it's the right move... will I forever sound like crap and be bounded to Suzuki-like-pieces? :(

I have some musical experience, i've been playing the piano for 15 years and have done my FRSM in music theory so I hope that can help a bit. I'm open to all advice! 




 She got tired after her laughing fit and went straight to sleep, leaving me alone, cold, lonely and very horny :( 




 Hey all, i'm going to go get a classical guitar to learn soon and was wondering if ya'll had any advice! 

I'm 18 and i've been playing the classical piano for 15 years and what I found with the piano is that at the beginning fundamental exercises like Czerny,Hanon,etc. are essential in building technique. Is there a similar thing for the guitar? 

I'm open to any advice, thanks! 




 So we were having a really hot make out/foreplay session and I (who was super horny), trying to be fucking suave, decided to just look her in her eyes to ramp up the hotness.

Our eyes lock on to each other and it was incredibly hot and beautiful and I decided to talk dirty. In the heat of the moment I said: "My tits are waiting for you". 

Let's just say the night ended there. 









 Impressive research, however through using Flaigocol mathematical derivations whereby the Hilbert spaces denote the Barnarch-Tarski paradox in equilibrium with the Fredhold theorem whereby the Erdos-nagy is 0, were can derive the Farrel-Markushevich in light of the Malgrage-Ehrenpresis if we denote the ZJ and Z* as the consant found in the Talor-Proudman. Thus:

Rasputin - Rasp[berry] = Utin[erry] 

Your mathematical rigour, though elegant, is flawed.

QED.
 




 One year! Damn :(, so no hard boners during sex for a year? 




 How people often allude Patriotism to the military. 


I mean come on, I love my country and feel that there are tons of other ways to show this love OUTSIDE the friggin military!  




 My great grandmother calling me fat when I was already anorexic and around 49 kilos as a 175 cm male. 





























 For instance, my geology course clashes with my reshapping environments class so, I need to make changes? 




 *GHOOOSTT CALLLOORRRIIEESSSS~~~ OOOO* 









 Should I be using a laptop or my pen and paper? What are the pros and cons of each?  









 Haha, my college has around 40-50k students which I find baffling! I was in a school with around ~150 students prior and to be thrown into a school with 50,000 students just boggles my mind. I'll definitely be joining cubs but if i'm entering mid-year, will I be at a disadvantage? Will social clicks be formed already?  














 I've been playing for a month and have 100... 




 Really want to take Mapping but i've heard only negative things about the lecturer so far :( 









 Hey! Ex-Foundie here! Don't worry about the first maths exam, it only counts for like what, 25% of the overall grade? You should definitely focus on getting a better score on the other test which is going to count for ~70% so it can definitely pull your grades up.

Also, try to focus on other subjects! Economics especially starts to get significantly more difficult later on when you are introduced to SAQS/LAQS which makes the first MCQ exam seem like a joke. Other subjects like HOI and Lit/Drama are really easy to score in if you follow the guidelines and ask teachers for help and participate (very important, it accounts for grades) in your classes. All in all, just relax and work harder! Good luck. PM me if you have any other questions. 

Finally, while it's awesome to respect your parents wishes and dreams (and I totally respect that and can relate) you should also come to realise that College is a time when you realize that at the end of the day it's YOUR life. Not your dad's, mum's or whatever but YOURS. So think carefully about what you want to really do. It may feel nice to honor your parents wishes in the short run, but after you've graduated it would really suck to be filled with regrets.  









 Let's just hope that in the future the professor - who's probably backed by the dept.- doesn't start going against you and intentionally gives you unfair treatment in tests and assignments that would mess up your grade. 




 How about constructing environments? 









 Pretty sure it'd dead already 









 If it's the building next to a church then yes! :) 




 Melbourne Central sorry! 









 I for one really want to study architecture! Advice would be appreciated. :)  


































 just shooting in the dark here, you a psych major? 




 He deleted it! What was it? 





























 I was young, silly and had some problems. I couldn't stand to hear more than 10 minutes of a Beethoven symphony and would just want to run outside the concert hall. I think it might have been because of my youthful impatience and naivety. I did however, one day stumble across my grandfather's huge collection of classical music and played 
some Schubert on the record player which made me feel emotions I never knew existed in me. Needless to say, after that moment my entire perspective was changed. 




 Love how "The Nation" implies we're all American.  




 Assuming the camera was super advanced and could take clear images of our streets even. 









 I'm assuming that if it could, the minute would be different than here on Earth. Thus are we viewing history? 




 I found a dusty collection of Karajan conducting the 4th on my grandfather's shelf and am going to play the recoding tonight. :) 




 Thank you soo much for your detailed post! I've just heard the piano quartet and the third Symphony that you suggested and it is absolutely remarkable! Your comments on him really opened my mind to his music and i'm currently trying to appreciate him more. Thank you once again.

Schumann really is a unique gem! 

I'm currently listening to his "Gesnge der Frhe" and it is to say the least, intriguing.  




 I know! The final passages of the third movement just strike home for me!  




 As someone who hated classical music with a passion a long time ago, learning to appreciate it made me realise that it is the things that we find boring and incomprehensible that often holds remarkable beauty and wonder. To extend on that, I once hated Mozart and Bach but over the years have come to love them! With Schumann, I feel the same and simply wish to love and understand him more. 




 He's just... incomprehensible to me. The way he writes his music and structures it is just.. foreign...

I think this work really sums up what I mean. It's gorgeous! But at the same time, I don't understand anything!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcmO4AKmeDc 




 Hello everyone! I'm currently a student studying Geomatics Engineering (accredited) with geology and CS on the side as minors and am worried about my career options. Most posts i've read here say that GIS is mainly a desk job, no field work, etc. and quite a few posts expressed disdain in their jobs. While I still enjoy doing GIS related projects in class, if all else fails, do I have any other options?

Just for clarification, some things covered in education include:

- Engineering Computation (Basically programming with Matlab)
- Engineering math, calculus I,II,III, linear algebra
- Engineering risk analysis
- Database Systems (Programming with SQL)
- Python, C++ and Java
- GIS, GIS and more GIS
- Some remote sensing 
- A handful of geology courses 

I apologise for any inconvenience I may cause but thank you in advance for offering your insight! 




 As a student who's doing a GIS focused degree (Geomatics Engineering) with geology and CS on the side, i'm worried.. 




 Update please 




 I've been listening to him my whole life and have played a few of his works including his Kinderzsenen, Kriesleriana, Piano Sonata no.1 and Symphonic Etudes. However, I cannot for love of god appreciate and love him as much as I do for other composers like Schubert, Liszt, Beethoven, etc.

Any advice? He's an amazing composer that I know but what am I missing here? 




 It's basically a field that focuses on spatial analysis and visualisation and uses stuff from GIS to remote sensing. 




 I'm gonna do an engineering degree with a fair bit of CAD, ArcGIS and programming work like Matlab. I'm also an avid gamer and would love to be able to play demanding games like Deus Ex Human Revolution, Far Cry 4, GTA 5, maybe even Fallout 4 when the time comes? Just wondering whether the specs of this laptop would fit the bill. Thank you for your time! 

- 15.6-inch 10-point touchscreen IPS 4K UHD display
- Core i7 processor and NVIDIA GTX 960M
- ZENBOOK aluminum uni-body design
- 512GB PCIe x4 SSD and Thunderbolt connectivity
- Premium sound design with Bang   Olufsen ICEpower 




 Oh! It was on my flair! It's called Geomatics/Spatial Engineering! 




 I mean my engineering course isn't really the standard like EE, CE, SE, etc. and while I do graduate with a few engineering accreditations, is my field really an "engineering engineering" field? 
























 yeah I know but isn't making friends and networking a part of it? 




 I'm not actually in "the industry" yet! I'm just a student who's done a handful of industry and academic internships! I'm a major in Geomatics/Spatial engineering which is really IMHO a black horse field. Basically, I work with GIS related projects as well as remote sensing and also do programming work with SQL and Matlab related to the GIS stuff. 




 I work with drones/UAVs for mapping projects :) 









 Unless.. you want to work in banking, finance, law, etc.. 





























 That's what people tell me but whenever I look at myself in the mirror, all I see are fats! Even when I touch my body, all I can feel are fats.. 




 Currently I go to the gym 6 times a week but am still on the heavy side. I'm 19 and 181 cm tall and I weight 75 kilos and i'm planning on fasting from all food except for broccoli and water for the next one week. Will it help me lose fats fast? Or will it cause me to lose muscle mass? 









 Why is it not worth it? I don't get it. Would it cost that much to install a security guard for each plane?  




 Yeah but I read that with the low amounts of Marshals they have, no every flight has security for the US anyways. Not sure about other countries.  




 Just curious, Malaysian?  




 I can't see how it would be a bad idea! 




 Yeah it was an Australian.. huge blow up down under. 
























 Hello! I'm currently trying to learn the guitar by myself and am attempting Villa Lobo's Etude no.1. For the right hand, initially I only used my thumb, middle and index finger to pull the strings but videos on the internet show that you are meant to use all your fingers. How is this possible? 


































