 Over plan, over plan, over plan!

Make sure that you are rather firm on your classroom procedures and expectations from day 1. Once you have a relationship with your kids, you can ease up on management.

Depending on your grade level, make sure that the first week (unless high school) is really just get to know you activities, team building things, expectations, etc.

Take a deep breath!  




 I work in a very similar population, about 90% hispanic with high levels of LEP and NEP students.(This will be my second year) 
I absolutely agree with brettbaileysingshigh(below)!

I would also say to be a hard ass from the get go. Last year, my first year, I wanted my kids to know that I cared and that turned into me being a target for being walked on. Be firm on your rules and expectations! 

Also, make a friend in a veteran teacher! They will know your kids and what works and what doesn't work.

Most importantly, BE YOURSELF!! Kids no when you are being fake in behaviors, rules, etc. Show them how much you care with firm expectations and love! 




 YIN, Yang!! 
























 PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN!!! (It is beautifully musky, damp, swampy and just altogether Disney! 




 I have a kiddo that sounds just like this kid ,Cameron. I agree with what everyone has said about positive reinforcement, but all of that can take time.

I would suggest a simple change. Do not ask, tell. 
For example, rather than saying " I'd like you to stop talking", say "Cameron, stop talking" or you could put a more positive spin on it and say "Cameron, this is important. You'll want to hear this."

Also, try to have as many of these conversations in private, unless he is shouting out during your instruction. 




 I drink a good deal of wine the first week as well ;) 
























 Thanks! Yeah, I work in an urban school, so my school can assist with any of the funds, but I would very much like a similar pay raise.  




 Lovely! I love how the characters actually look like themselves.
Sometimes tattoos distort their faces...not this one ! 




 I am currently a second year teacher (who desperately wants to enroll in grad school). 
For more experienced teachers, when would be the best time to go back for grad school?(3rd year? 4th year? Now?)
Any helpful ideas would be greatly appreciated! 
























 Yes! I am really starting to get the feeling that I might get more out of the experience if I wait.Thank you for the advice! 




 Thank you! I was just feeling worried that if I did not start now, that I might be one of those teachers, 30 years in the future, who wishes that they got their masters.
It's awesome to hear that your experience may have been better after waiting. 




 Thank you. These are some awesome questions that I will definitely ask myself. 
Truthfully, I miss being a student, I would love a pay raise and I feel like if I don't go back soon, I won't go back at all.
 
























 Beautifully put! I definitely think that I am going to wait three years! 




 Thanks! 
I am starting to see that many, experienced teachers are suggesting waiting until year 3.
I want to be the best teacher for my kids, as soon as I can. 




 Thanks! 
I am just worried that the workload might be a little too much. 
























 Take care of yourself!!! 
Take breaks, spend time with friends and family.

It is definitely important to work hard and learn a lot in your student teaching;however, it is important that you are sane enough to take in that new wisdom! 




 Lovely! 




 Matryoshka 
























 What highlighter did you use? 
I currently use Benefit's High Beam;however, sometimes I feel like it is just too shiny. 




 All I can say is that if you are in it for the students, you will go far...if you are in it for other reasons you will burn out quickly..good luck! 




 Most states require you to take a teacher certification exam like the praxis and they typically require you to complete a student teaching semester/s. 

Just curious, why do you want to become a teacher? (The degree that you have is not as important as your passion for teaching and your passion for your students)

If you haven't taken any education classes I would recommend doing some reading on teaching, observe some classrooms, talk to an expert teacher etc. Make sure that you want to be a teacher of students first and a teacher of your content second. 
























 Gotcha. Yeah I had a class with 15 kids on IEPs and they put a learning specialist in the room with me. I definitely could have used more direction with teaching a skills based class. 




 I would obviously talk to your administration and if they do nothing, then I would get the union involved.

By the way, a degree in education means that you have training for students in special education. If you don't want kids with special needs in your class I would look for another job, maybe at a charter or private school. 




 So, long story short...I am a teacher in a low-income/high teacher turnaround district. This past year I have had some unbelievably horrible encounters with my principal and administration(to the point where I have actually reported to HR). After all of this, I am obviously keeping my eyes open for new teaching jobs, but I have some preoccupations about going to a different school because I truly love my kids and I adore the members on my team. I was hoping all of you could give me some advice?

1. Are all principals bullies? 
2. Do all principals/administrators they use their power to intimidate? 
3. Do all principals compare veteran teachers to newer teachers? 
4. What happens at your school when there is a huge behavior/safety concern ? (For example: a student throws a heavy backpack at another student's head)
5. How does your administrator discuss concerns?(i.e. email? text? face-to-face? hallway?classroom?)

**Thank you all for your help!!**

I need some reassurance that there are good principals out there! 
























 Most jello products or food with gelatin is made with fruit pectin.
No animals! 




 Hey fellow teachers,
In August I will be teaching at a new school(7-12). The current Language Arts teacher is very, very into ECAR(every child a reader) and ECAW(every child a writer). I have done a little research into this program, and it seems to be geared towards elementary age kids, not middle school(what I teach). I am very hesitant to adopt this new teaching program. Any thoughts out there? Are there benefits?  




 oh wow...that sounds like a difficult situation. 
























