 But it sure makes its price go up. 




 Does watching it for 30 minutes count as exercise for the viewer? 




 Don't know if I like Cersei's grit as she uttered it or Margaery's reaction. 









  Also, at times like this it can be really hard to want to spend time with other people, but see if there's a friend or family member who you can spend some time with, just talking, and sharing. Having someone with you will make things that much better to cope with.

This is paramount and very effective if you make sure you're surrounded by people who truly believe in you and do not bring you down (even in unintentionally).

Chin up. You'll get through this.

 




 They'd need to change up that colors a bit, though. Just because. 




 LOL. This reminds me of my checks/checkbook.  














 Or better yet, tell Ned Stark what's in store for him so he might come up with another plan. 









 You're right - context makes no difference, but then again, why do people still expect Tarantino to be "nice"? He's always been "I'll do/say it just because I can" guy. At least from what I've read and seen. 
























 Pretty cool. Think you can do one of "I am The Doctor!" from the episode where Matt Smith thunders at the aliens looking for Prisoner Zero?  














 Just use LastPass? 














 To be fair, this might have an edge over this season's cars! 




 And I'm replying to your comment about procrastination while procrastinating. 














 Let me know how that works out with your daughter! 




 He likes some of the DC characters, and I'm pretty sure he'd like the voice prompts (Quinn: "Got a booboo?"). While he wouldn't be much good at winning and leveling up, I think the swiping actions he'll enjoy a lot. Also, he loves emulating Ip Man, and I have a feeling he'll do the same with the characters of Injustice. That would be funny to see, but that's also what made realize that it might indeed be too early to introduce the game... 




 I'm not a parent, but I dote on my nephews, and it occurred to me that my 2-year-old nephew would enjoy the game. My partner shot me down, saying that it's too violent a game for kids. That led me to thinking about this question and asking those who *might* have more experience and a level head. 




 Yeah because brushing 3 times a day is just too difficult. 
























 You have a point. Dragons are definitely Targaryen, but she used the chest while she was Khaleesi, hence the association. But yeah, you're right. 




 El Diablo! 









 Wooden case good enough for you? ;) 









 Ah...was just going to share this link as well. Totally relate to some of those things.  









 I can see how it's called a Hobbit hole, but is it just me, or is it reminiscent of Hagrid's hut, too? Either way, that is awesome. 









 A for effort, man! She's one lucky gal. 














 Now imagine what his backend looks like. 




 He's conflicted. Misspelled surname says it all. 









 Rein it in. 




 Thor's reincarnation as a horse. The Helmworth Thor. 



















 By 40? Good luck with that. 









 If I wore cufflinks, I'd buy a pair! 




 Dancer in the Dark - fit the movie every step of the way. Killer. 




 Yeah, a little pricey! Could also do with more designs, but core concept is cool. 









 Thanks!  









 Got an Adidas bag we call Trusty. It's been around for almost as long as your Jansport, and it's still kicking butt - from laptops to tin cans and jars when grocery shopping. 









 Would be nice to have this on Chrome. Know anything about that? 














 If you like it real spooky, this list's gonna get you going. 





































































 Check out the guy featured here: http://www.forevergeek.com/2014/10/wants-star-wars-greeting-cards-giveaway/.  




 Rivotril FTW! 









 And when trolling was "just" trolling without everyone getting butthurt; also no real life tragedies as a result. 




 Everything you said, but for me, mainly because if I don't believe that everything is going to be okay, it will only be a downward spiral - and a fast one. I have to believe that it will be okay one way or another; and for some reason, that keeps me going. I don't know if that makes sense for you, but I hope it does. 




  'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt. 









 Might as well check Twitter, while you're at it. 









 Good Lord! Yup, it looks so real, I would freeze and not blink if I saw you. Maybe freak out some... 




 Swimming pool included, please. 




 It *is* a good one. Just because I didn't recognize her (I'm really bad with faces anyway) doesn't take anything away from the piece.  




 You've racked up so many geek creds, man. 




 He's such a dearie. Maybe one day I'll get to meet him, so I better think of a pose now. 




 Did you make it? 




 I can't believe I don't recognize her, but the art is captivating nonetheless; and the quote, boom! 














 Or just because you can! 









 I think I'll just wait for it to come out on DVD; as you said, you're a horror junkie so it made it kinda worth it. 




 That's a strong argument not to see it. 




 Yes, The Conjuring was a total build up till the end; and I was terrified from the beginning not knowing what was going to happen. Annabelle will be "easier" watching then. Though I'm not a big fan of horror movies, I am starting to become more adventurous...is Annabelle worth a try? 




 I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want. 
 Nicholas Sparks

I keep thinking about this. It's rather difficult to determine exactly what you want for the future in specific terms. Does that make sense? 




 This is true and has been said many times. It's just not that easy, yes? 




 Talented, definitely. His performance in Eternal Sunshine... tore me up. 




 I just found out about the Annabelle movie (the doll in The Conjuring) yesterday, which was released earlier this month.  The Conjuring scared the crap out of me, and they did a good job making Annabelle a mysteriously scary "character".

Anyone seen it? Recommendations? 




 Great. Let me know how that goes. 




 "An imaginative player could also weave their own stories between these layersmany hours were spent imagining stories taking place within and between these worlds."

Those good old days. Yes, my cities had stories in my head. 




 I love the Ithaka one. Beautifully poetic and applicable today. I'm keeping it in an open tab to read again. 









 The only potential downside is that she'll never want to get out of it. Or maybe that's just me. 









 Well, I totally agree with that - it's the PC brigade that thinks of that implication, which I think is overreacting. 









 LOL. Those Japanese games are the most hilarious.  




 I regularly visit the first two sites; yes, they're great for inspiration and spark introspection. The third one is new to me. My thanks for sharing a new site I can read. 




 I just saw a quote from Jim Elliot, and I think some of you might find it timely:

"Wherever you are, be all there."

I know it's perfect for me, as my mind tends to wander even when I'm talking to someone else.  









 Oldie, but still one of the best articles on Comic Sans: http://buff.ly/1y8IN7c 




 Coffee? 




 Khal Drogo looks like a brat. An adorable bunch this is, though. 




 So you found it? Link? 









 Should have seen that coming. LOL. 









 "It allows you to connect with someone at the most basic level. Over time it fosters a solid and positive relationship with others while also allowing you to grow as an individual."

I like how you closed the article, because it reminds me that I should not lock away my emphatic side, which I think I have been doing.  




 How come I didn't think of that? 




 ...the in-app purchases are getting in the way. Is it just me, or is it too much?  




 Pretty much sums it up for me. I've always treated work (freelance writing) as fun, so it doesn't bother me at all that I spend 10-12 hours a day working. I thought I had had a good balance, but am totally wrong. So point 2 ( Introduce non-computer centric activities) is what I am working on right now, which is quite difficult because my non-work activity is mainly playing mobile games and reading (still on a mobile device).

I'm working on taking a 1-hour work at least once a week, but I don't know if that's going to stick.

In any case, thanks for sharing this - very timely and apt reminder for me. 




 That's exactly what I was thinking. But what if "it" stains in the wrong place? Better to have more flowers cover that area... 




 You just made me fall in love with her all over again. 




 Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system. 
 Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man 




 Awesome! With more wild, curly hair, this would be even better.  




 "You sexy thing!" 




 Tissue paper. When you gotta go, you gotta go. 




 Now give him a cookie.
Seriously though, good for him. Even if he did have blueprints, not everyone can actually follow those to make something for real. 









 You guys are lucky. I've had a MacBooks conk out on me a couple weeks after the warranty ran out. Apple wouldn't cover the expense (motherboard issues), so it's now a PlaceMac for plates when eating while watching TV. 









 While the article is geared towards entrepreneurs, it does apply to everyone, doesn't it? Those "ancients" sure knew what they were talking about. I just wonder if they were able to apply their sayings to their own lives. 




 A lot of people are making jokes, but this is pretty serious news. He has worked with many child actors and has a long list of credits according to imdb. This is going to shock and hurt a lot of people...

Yup. Even though it was "just" a character he was playing in 7th Heaven, that show was a huge thing for me as a child, and hearing this sort of thing is rather awful.
 




 That's exactly my point. Is it? I certainly don't think so. Do you? 




 Tell me about it. Those who get their beard hair yanked out: SHAVE ffs! 




 Some people just like to scare themselves and have a good laugh while at it. Check out horror movie characters on Twitter: http://socialnewsdaily.com/43865/5-horror-movie-characters-to-follow-on-twitter-this-halloween/ 




 Why bother when they crash Ferraris and Lamborghinis there all the time anyway? 









 Mesmerizing... 









 Make sure you have some pie, as well. 




 Ugh. The truth does hurt, but this in-your-face article should wake some people up. 

 









 I suggest Vikings (pretty much the Nordic version of Spartacus in my opinion - wait there's no Spartacus on your list, so you may want to see that, too).

Then there's Salem, which is sometimes slow, but has its moments; and the premise might appeal to you.

Sleepy Hollow is pretty good, too.

For tech TV, try Silicon Valley for humor/caricature of well, Silicon Valley; and then there's Halt and Catch Fire (the start of personal computing in the 80s), which has a more serious tone. 





























 Sure thing. I've edited the post. Thanks! 




 Definitely agree with the second sentence. That's why most GoT fans love his character I think. Come to think of it, I don't know anyone who hates, or even dislikes, Tyrion. 




 Yeah. I think my friends watched it because of the ratings, too. Looking forward to your thoughts about the movie. 




 Great! Enjoy your trip! 




 Depends on the site/client. 




 The Blog Herald is looking for an experienced blogger. Requirements:
-experience writing about the web, WordPress, social media, content marketing, and blogging/writing
-2 articles per week (500 words each) at $15 each

http://www.bloggingpro.com/jobs/view/social-mediaonline-publishingwordpress-blogger-2 




 Just watched [Metro Manila](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1845838/) because of friends' recommendations.  Living in this city, the movie was quite an eye-opener. Directed by Sean Ellis, the movie won quite a number of international awards. Anyone else seen it? 

P.S. Highly recommended. 




 Good one. I actually imagined him to look really bad as I read the book. The HBO version is nothing compared to GRRM's description. 




 Yup. I don't see it either. 









 I'm with you on Ned Stark. I still can't forget my shock when I read the part he died. Up to that point, I had always believed that his honor would keep him alive. GRRM = Santa Killer in this case. I've learned since then, of course. 




 LOL. Exactly. He's distracted enough with writing prefaces/endorsing other books! 









 Got a point there - [Facebook's algo took the number of likes into consideration](http://time.com/3647800/facebook-apologizes-year-review-post-pain/) for the year in review results, so this photo probably got tons of likes for the OP's good deed.  




 Maybe if you ask nicely, he'll let you ride his sky bison. 




 Seems like unsecure Wi-Fi; but heck, does it really matter? Just the thought of having a Sting you can wave around waiting for it to glow lightens one's mood. 




 That might very well be one of the factors. As the researchers say, they need to gather more data (*standard clause*) 




 nothing nothing? 














 You've taught him well. 









 Too cute! And love the term flawsitively perfect (although I may be the only one who hasn't heard of it...) 














 Next comes SpriteGate. 




 Did you see that ludicrous display...? 









 Nailed it. 




 Justified for once! 




 Woohoo! Old is as old does! 




 :( 




 Good for you! (Says envious me.) 




 Can't really blame the guy, can you? 




 That is beyond awesome. What are you planning to drink (in it?)? 









 Gross. But when you gotta go, you gotta go? 




 Might just try the hilarious ones, then. 




 I have to say that it is my favorite episode. And the way the 9th just uttered that sentence - it made me feel happy that I teared up. Yeah, something the 9th probably wouldn't do, but it does show just how much the Doctor cares. 




 Same here. If I had it! 




 Awesome. Now I'll have a new set of coasters to add to my measly collection. 









 What is more amazing then a moment spent hugging your child?  Or watching him laugh with all his heart in a way only children can.  Or a touch and a smile from your spouse that says more than words ever could?  Or an intimate moment shared that no one else will ever know about.  There is so much beauty in each moment and there will never be another exactly like it.  Its those things that are most rare that have the most value, and there are only so many moments that we get.  Choose to believe that you cant waste time with your spouse, because no moment with them can be a waste.  There is value in every second together.

My mom passed away from gastric cancer a month ago after almost a year-long battle, which was terrible on all of us. Your story makes me sad and happy at the same time. Thanks for sharing it, and all the best to you and your family. 




 Can I be your friend, too? 









 You're right. I actually use Waze as my default, and Apple Maps as a secondary app. But yes, it has come a long way. 









 Yeah because Chun Li is all about ice. 




 LMAO. Good one. 




 Now there's a thought. I hated the [MacGyver special](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym65fYMu5Gs) because...MacGyver! 




 That bouquet is the best I've ever seen!  




 I know, right? I just wish... 




 This kind of application is what makes tech like 3D printing awesome. In other news, did you hear about this [vet who used LEGO to help a turtle with leg problems](http://geeksupply.co/vet-uses-lego-disabled-tortoise/)? 









 Funny. While my brain can't reconcile a direwolf and Rudolf, this line keeps repeating in my head now:
"Summer the rednosed direwolf..." (Probably because I have a dog named Summer) 









 So say we all. 




  this one

That cracked me up, too. 




 For brainstorming and research, I always have Evernote to save online resources, articles, topic ideas, and outline ideas. I've got it on my phone, iPad, and laptop so that I can add/make changes any time an idea hits me. This saves me a lot of time when I actually sit down to write. 




 This might help: http://www.freelancewritinggigs.com/2014/12/5-unusual-writing-jobs/ 



















 Right on. I read a quote once, I just can't remember who said but it went along the lines of the best way to feel better is to help others/make others happy. 









 Tom Hanks   Meg Ryan and Richard Gere   Julia Roberts definitely! Not only do they have chemistry, they make you feel part of it, too. 




 These are nicely quaint. You should sell this stuff. 




 Agree. And pink? 









 Kinda freaky if you think about it, but freaky it becomes cool. 




 You got issues, man. 




 In short: go old school. 







































 I wish your family would stop sending friend requests on Facebook. 









 McLobster? 









 Now it's not code anymore! 









 Can confirm. There's even a Spaghetti-chicken meal combo. 




 Sorry didn't see it before, but yeah, a good leogif make my day better. 




 They use [Stripe](https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/making-payments-easier-for-creators-and-backers) now, apparently to make it easier. Not sure it is easier, though. 









 Even Batman [poops](http://toybox.io9.com/a-trading-card-of-batman-pooping-is-on-ebay-for-thousan-1679909707) 




 That's very considerate of him. 









 This might help: http://www.blogherald.com/2011/10/21/21-legal-facts-every-blogger-should-know/, particularly the section on copyright. 




 Agree! I was surprised to see Hubpages in the list, considering I thought Jeff Bullas to be an authority in the niche. 









 Now I just want some nuggets and fries. 
























 Great cash cow. Cool site, though. 




 That's exactly what I was thinking. I think the first two seasons are still the best. I just wish they could recapture that. 




 Oops. Sorry about that. 









 Interesting point of view. I remember reading a story about a boy whose father was an elephant herder, and the point of it was that an elephant never forgets - in a positive way. I don't remember all the details as I was very young then, but the young boy used to play with a young elephant and years later, in the midst of an elephant stampede the then adult herder was saved by the adult elephant, who never forgot.

But I ramble...your post is a good reminder. Thank you. 









 I want this, so I can have more space to store my hoard. 




 Timmy should get to read this. 




 Makes one want to move to SA even more! 



















 Thanks. Now penguins!=cute 









 I missed that, but no doubt he does. 









 Parenting win, this one. Where did you get the outfit? 




 I can just imagine The Doctor's delight... 









 They really do clean up nicely, don't they? 




 Then use the rates of your previous gigs as a baseline. 




 "Format comes last."

I think you missed this tip yourself, as the formatting of the article is messed up. 









 It *is* cool. Haters gonna hate. 









 [Facepalm](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/20131214/4923516/picard-facepalm-original-o.gif) 




 You totally should. If only it were possible to make a GIF of his reaction when he first sees this.
 




 Brilliant! 














 [Fuck Oscars](http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/fuck-oscars-i-want-a-nobel-leonardo-dicaprio.jpg) 




 I totally agree with you about Maisie fitting the character. In fact, she's probably the closest to what I imagined while reading the books; or second to Ned.

As for bullying, part of Hollywood and society in general - even online. It's admirable that she's doing something concrete and useful to battle the issue instead of just whining and starting flame wars. 









 That Vampire smile. 




 Definitely safest with 10. 
Least safe, probably 12. While I like what he has brought to the series, he's still too scary/erratic for me. 




 Sorry I didn't see that. I'll delete my post. 




 Your album suggestion is a good one, which I haven't tried. Thanks for the tip. 



















 And how hairy your feet are. 




 Yup. I'm one of those. 









 Cool concept, but does it "work"? 









 Lucky lucky you! 




 Scarf for a giant? 

Seriously awesome though. Would love to have one in bed. 









 The beard. 









 Yes to all. "Unpaid till we get funding, etc." is usually a red flag. However, if the project will look good in your resume, why not? Especially if you're new to freelancing. 









 And then the Avatar decides to run away and gets frozen in an iceberg. 







































 Too soon. 




 I loved Hurt Locker - or maybe hated (in a good way) it because it was quite intense. 




 I've heard this a lot of times about the movie. I haven't seen it, so I guess when I do, I won't expect anything. 




 I totally agree with you. Not to say I didn't enjoy watching it, but it was overhyped. 







































 Did you say, "GTFO"? 




 The first thing that came to mind! Damn, their copywriter/s must have issues. 



















 Exactly. He knows what to do with his players. He knows how to pick his players. And as much as I think Timmy is the best, I think Pop could have done the same with other players with similar skill sets/attitude. 





























 Thanks, guys. I think the resetting, etc. will work.  




 It used to work before with the same number, so I guess they had done that. It just started happening recently; maybe in the last 3 weeks or so. 




 Well said. Just enjoy the ride and stop nitpicking, right? 




 This is cool- didn't know it before. Resetting now! 




 For some contacts, when I send iMessages, I see the 'delivered' status but they don't go through the phone; only on their laptop. When they send me a message it goes through, though. Anyone else has this issue? A fix? 




 I never liked Kobe either, but yeah, can't ignore his talent. And he's grown up quite a bit, too. 









 Who wantsmore smoreos? 




 How so? 



















 Keep it man. One of these days, you will need to listen to the song and regret having deleted it.  




 Props, not only for doing the right thing but for going the extra mile(s)! 




 Not even a shadow of a thought.  














 My heart goes out to you and your family. It's been only 2 months since my mom passed away after a year of a horrible battle with gastric cancer. I may not be able to help with getting in touch with the Spurs, but know you're not alone.

Good luck. 




 Le sigh.  









 Now that you put it that way, the idea actually sounds good. Probably the hype that turned me off. 














 Why not? Unless they're total idiots, which I doubt they are, the inventors would have designed the charger to be as safe as a lighter - at the very least. 




 Ditto! Btw, my first MacBook was a refurbished white one, too. Fell in love. Never looked back. (P.S. It's still working today, many MacBooks later.) 




 sad with an m; works I guess 









 I've always liked the bathing and motivation comparison. 














 I've always found the Haka to be fascinating, but this... 




 I was going to ask if there were number assignments, but come to think of it, I wouldn't want to play with the dice regularly - they're too good to get worn out. Awesome stuff! 




 LOL. First thing that came to mind! 




 That works, too. 














 "they just don't give a cent about environment"
In some cases, yes. Lack of education. Lack of awareness. 




 The gov't is corrupt. Period. And, yes, this won't be fixed for a long time. Maybe not even in the next few generations. 




 Unfortunately, very much a reality in parts of the metro. 









 You've won. 









 I'm with you. I was just talking about this with my friend, and while I do love the aluminum look, there's something about black. 









 That is wonderful! Did you feel the feels? ;) 









 Need one of those! 









 That really does suck!! 




 Yeah, now that you guys mention it, why do I need a certain age. I was just on a Michael Jackson binge the past few days, and I was thinking whether it's okay to play his music to my 2- and 4-year-old nephews now. 







































 What a relief! 




 YUP! No pic, it didn't happen! 




 Any chance they get new writers in?  




 Lucky you.  














 Have you ever had any struggles with money (urgent need) and compromising values? 









 Holy crap! Was he in the womb for 2 years? 




 Love that description...and now that you mention it... 




 Altheticism + brains = WIN! 




 More sad than funny, I think. 




 Except there's a difference between blowing up fish and law enforcers whom criminals *tend* to dislike, ey? 









 Same here. But reading the other comments...darn, I'm never going to look at those pits the same way again. 




 Try [this](http://www.bloggingpro.com/jobs/view/hiring-journalists-and-all-content-writers). They pay $2 per list item if I'm not mistaken. 









 He looks like that dude in The Princess Bride. I can't, for the life of me remember his name. 




 Brilliant. I'm renaming *that* folder to Poop. 




 Then fall over after and become Intersects. 




 Sweet! I remember a friend giving that to me for my birthday eons ago. Now you've reminded me to look for it. 









 Yeah, quite stupid. Vets can do it for a fee, but an old dude who probably wants to do it to a beloved pet himself has to be punished! 




 Aside from being a freelance writer, I am also a professional nap-taker. So, yeah, definitely nap.

Seriously, though, it is better to nap. Your work will be better if you do. 




 Exactly. I was like, "What's up with the font?" 









 First thing that came to mind. Then the Iron Throne cutting me up just as bad. 









 Squeed here, too! 









 Same here. Plus a longer season might not give players enough time to recover. 









 Is it [Haley's goat Mutumbo](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Mutumbo_the_Goat)? 




 Sweet. In more than one sense. 









 I get that. 




 Wow. Content work or personal (novel/essays/etc.)? 




 It sure does.  




 Yes, the faces make the photos totally fun. It's probably a marketing stint, but it still shows how cool the actors are, I think. 














 I say don't show it anywhere! 














 Speaking from an editor's point of view, this is one of the best ways (if not the best) to leave a gig. You're firm but more than courteous, and you don't burn any bridges. 




 No need for that brown paper bag either. 




 They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for. 
 Tom Bodett 




 I can't say how much this makes me feel stronger. 




 LOL. I know I am in r/geek, but I really thought I was going to see some squeaky little furry critters. 









 Talk about timing. 




 Had to google him, so nope. ;) 




 You have a point. Unless you can say 9/10 at the very least. 



















 This never gets old. 









 First try. 




 Next year, they're going to be bad again.  




 Yeah, minifigs have to be part of emojis. They're a race of their own. 



















 Same here. Although I'm starting to re-think this point because my of storage space on the MBA.  




 You got 9th perfectly! My favorite episode ever. Thanks! 














 Goodness gracious me. I hope this is not a hyped up thing that eventually disappoints. 




 Sarcastic or not, your image made me laugh. 




 How's the accent and disarming smile? 





























 Big Mac and fries for me. 









 How old are you? If 25-30 (even younger), what rock have you been living under?  




 Trololol? 









 Good writing is good writing. Period.

Agree 100%.  




 Same here. How deceiving! 









 Same here. Every time this question is asked, this line is one of the most common answer; but how can it not be? 

You're right, the combination of Eccleston, the episode's tone, and the line = fantastic! 




 Fracas is the BBC word of the month. Belated April Fools. 














 Lucky you, and yeah WHY NOT? 




 Sh#t just got real. Here we go, Spurs, go! 




 Love this dude! 




 I was a student finishing my thesis and working as an online English teacher to Koreans. I had some time on my hands and was looking for a side job online when I found a listing for "content writer" for a travel web site. It paid pretty well for a student and got me hooked on freelance writing. 









 I'd have this for breakfast - or any time of the day. 









 It would also be a good thing to mix your tweets - share relevant articles and something your boss would like to share (his own words). The latter can be pre-determined during your "hashing out of clear objective". You can also make this a topic during your regular meetings.

One more tip: if you need to reply to a tweet, and the reply is not merely a "thank you for sharing", it's a good idea to consult your boss first. 














 "He's certainly no angel, nor a role model in my view, but that doesn't mean he's a monster."

Couldn't have said it better. The BBC had to sack him, but there's no point in beating Clarkson up about the whole thing now. 









 Never thought about this before. Playing with my phone now! 




 For me, it's not so much of a "comfortable issue" than simply not feeling the need. I do use Siri just for fun sometimes. 




 Didn't think of this...but it was a personal bet - a jest - so it shouldn't count? 









 Well, obviously we think differently. In this case, I think it's both wrong and WTF material. 




 I've never had that issue, actually. 









 You're probably right. It's just the best configuration of the living room right now, with the weird shape this place has. 









 I've always thought that kids born in the past 5-10 years will see (smart) mobile as part of their lives and not merely as extensions unlike us older people who experienced the advent of this new technology. 




 Nearsighted here - sees things better on iPad Mini in hand than on 51-inch TV 2 (maybe 3) feet away. 









 LOL. Does this mean writers=hipsters? 




 Am I? 









 Am I your mummy? 














 Best thing I've seen all day! 




 HODOR! 




 Where you huff and puff in secret? 




 You don't think that the Weeping Angels are remotely scary???

Awesome piece, though! 




 I hope she loves it. It's a beautiful name! 




 "There are so many horrible writers trying to make a go at freelancing that all you really need is 1 decent piece and someone will hire you for 10 bucks."

Indeed, and there are even sites which have levels for writers. X amount for 'poor writing', XX amount for 'good enough writing', etc.
I don't remember what site this was, but when I saw it some months back, I was appalled.

The market is that bad, that yes, you can earn as a "writer" even if you can't write. 




 Or [Dylan Thomas](http://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/do-not-go-gentle-good-night) 




 I think it's more realist than pessimist. 




 Good God, no! 









 Thanks! 









 I have to disagree with "never working for free". There are cases when working for free has its own rewards.

When you're new, working for exposure can help - but not too often, and you have to be picky about where you write.

If it's a non-profit or a charity, working for free helps with exposure AND you get to help others.

There *is* something to saying "don't work for free", but "never" is too sweeping a statement in my opinion. 




 Yeah, beware of dogs. 









 Manly chic? 














 Probably a temporary glitch, sorry. 









 Thanks - I totally forgot Banshee (I used to watch it all the time but stopped lately). I also just remembered Justified. 









 Kill me now, but Star Wars. 




 Not too imaginative, but not dreadful.  



















 Calling Sheldon and Amy! 




 Awesome indeed. And I would take "might" out of the question. At least I want to believe that that the rest *will* do him good. 









 Now if they only had an automatic sushi maker. 


































 Old Man Riverwalk 




 Finally indeed! If I need to cross my fingers more for 3s, I'd end up injured. 




 We need more of this MANU! 




 Good God, Griffin is killing me. 




 MANU!!! 




 LOL. Love the scruffy look, though. 




 Two sweet words I love hearing: "Duncan converts." 




 Well, at least he said "No panic in the Spurs." 




 All set and ready on the couch. Go, Spurs, Go! 




 I assume your father's fist won? 




 I doubt he'll be getting another Dell anytime soon. 




 You're sane. And this article gave me the shivers. In a good way. 




 Parrots and cats on marijuana. In one room. Nothing can go wrong. 




 HODOR. 







































 So how much is a pizza? 









 He cleans up pretty nicely, doesn't he? 




 Can we say he has a "green bum"? 









 1030 AM here, but dammit, I just reconnected my NBA premium TV channel and it's not showing the game! 




 Sexeh! 









 I wonder if he can earn some cash giving people rides. 




 I am hoping with all my heart that you're right. 









 Probably. Everyone was talking about it, trying to figure out what it was, but we couldn't really come up with anything conclusive. 














 This is the most feasible solution, and you get to enjoy the camaraderie that's usually present in these situations. Just be a sport, win or lose. 



















 But would they do well (and breed) in captivity? They may very well die in those conditions... 









 Yup. We've had a good run, and no matter what happens, real Spurs fans will be there for the team. 









 Or mom's station wagon 














 If I get those kinds of presents, yes! 




 Someone had to say it. 




 All braced...and, awesome mashup! 




 ...Manu one has become my new phone background/favorite picture ever

That's exactly what I am going to do. If I can upvote this post a gazillion times, I would! 




 Same here except I used a different shortcut. Best thing about iOS 8.3! 




 Or does he do adoptions? 




 I just can't get over it. 




 Weird. I just clicked it again, and it's displaying properly. 




 This is probably a stupid question, but is this stitched, crocheted, or...? 





























 This is what I get for binge-watching tv shows I guess.

Pretty much. 




 It is sad indeed, but yes, he deserves the rest. His playing style doesn't really contribute to his physical state. 

What he said, though, "I am bound to San Antonio for life"...I'll have to say it's reciprocal. *The feels*
 









 This is interesting. Reminds me of Dune. 




 Sorry, I can't find another link. Suffice it to say that it's not a pretty sight - huge black pipes spewing out black water. 














 Theon...hahaha. Love me my sausages, but I don't think I can eat this item if I were at your party. 









 Light a vanilla candle, get settled in bed, play on my iPad and read till I fall asleep. 









 I guess that would be the rock of music that I like.

Good one. 




 Now he's upped his worth by gajillions. 


































  But you must keep repeating them because the truth that this is wrong gnaws at you.

Hit the nail right on the head. 









 Father issues! 



















 At times I felt Fisk "wanted it more," making him a great villain.

I know what you mean, misguided dude who believes that his methods are right, but sometimes when he talked about it, I felt it was all a facade. Or maybe it's the bias that he's a villain.
 



















 Love the idea of that suspend tab extension. Installed, and hoping it will work. 









 That's awesome! Where are you putting it? 




 He's young. He'll grow into it. 




 But don't we sweat out the water when we drink beer? Right back into the atmosphere... 









 "A bit" is an understatement even. 


































 I just hope the goldfish will live a really long life after this. 









 I wonder if they still require an adult to accompany a kid. 




 This. 









 Whatever it is, I wouldn't touch it! 









  Most the true NBA fans I know revere the Spurs.

Same here. The Spurs may not be their favorite team, but they respect us. And about the "boring" part the OP mentioned, we've always been low key compared to the other superstars. But that's how we do things. 









 That fixed it. Thank you!!! 









 I don't know if it's just me, but "favorite natural disaster" just sounds wrong! 














 I've been playing the game on the iPad for eons, and while it crashes occasionally, a restart does the trick. 

This morning, when I woke up and started the game, it would just crash after the Lex Luthor quote. Over and over again.

I even uninstalled it, but same thing. I restored a backup of the iPad, hoping the issue would be fixed, but to no avail.

Anyone has the same issue and/or a fix? 














 Fair play, though this post put together some highlights for those who don't want to go through the whole thing. 




 Hard to say at this point. They have been creating new story arcs for some of the characters, and while some don't like it, I think it keeps the show interesting. Also makes one want to re-read the books, if only there were enough time. 



















 Okay that's amazing. THANK YOU! 
























 Darn it. I totally missed the game due to time zone difference!!! Thank goodness for this thread. Thumbs up guys...esp. the Duncan GIF. 














 King Koopa, yes! 














 He needs time to heal. Especially if we make it through this round.  









 Sleep well! 




 We've got this, guys. Till next time!

Edit: Timmy IS the man. 




 OMG! We can do this!
Edit: I'll take old Timmy any day. 




 Go, go, go!!! 




 NOOOOOO, Timmy. NOOOO! 




 "Tony not returning for final 3 minutes..."
He shouldn't have been there much earlier. 




 F#ck F#ck F#ck 




 Ulcers, asthma attack - name it 




 Can watch that over and over again! 




 "It's off the foot. It's off the foot...of a player."
D'oh! 




 Thanks, it's back up. Had to reset the box. Phew! 




 And my cable just died!!! 




 Fina-fucking-ly. 




 SERIOUSLY!? I can't believe how they're missing all those shots. 




 AND 3s! 




 He should be taken out now! 




 Let's not get complacent now! 
























