




 I'll be back in a jiffy.  




 Love conquers all 




 I read it from the book 50 Things you're not supposed to know from the same author, Russ Kick. Couldn't find a link to that book.  


































 Did you have enough money to get groceries?!  




 That reminds me of the movie Insidious.  




 Please update with the new info.  




 The Tyrant episode of House explains this. Very interesting how the brain works.  
























 This comment will probably get lost in here but I wanted to tell you that your stories are AMAZING! I'm fairly new to Reddit and happened to stumble upon this thread. I've read others stories here in NoSleep that've been good but none of them compare to yours, none of them have made me feel like yours. I just read them and I'm fascinated as to the way the made me feel. I hope the Penpal movie does come out soon and that you post more stories. You have a new fan.  




 Waiting for an update! 




 Finally! I check everyday for an update.  




 I've been voting 3rd party, even when people tell me I'm wasting my vote, I tell them that people need to stop voting for the lesser of two evils. We have to vote smart. Vote for a candidate that talks the talk, study the person. Look up on the issues that he/she has voted for and who backs them up. Please stop voting by parties, race or gender. Make history in a good and correct way!  




 Update please 
























 If indeed he took your phone and you say you've never been there you shouldn't be worried about going to the police. If you haven't been to that house never in your life then there's no evidence putting you there. Clear your phone's location and call the police. I'm worried about your friend OP, I think your neighbor might have to do with him disappearing. Worry about your friend and call the police! Don't be a shitty friend twice.  









 Very interesting OP, keep us updated.  









 Any update coming soon? 
























 You would think something like this would get more attention, same way as the TPP.  




 Before I posted this I had also posted the article of the Intercept on /r/news and only got 2 up votes. I'm fairly new to Reddit and I've noticed that TPP articles don't come up on the front page.  














 8 inches?! And flaccid?!? Holy fuck! 
























 I live in the south and I'm not originally from here either. The only thing I can say is that you can see the difference very clearly. In the south they naturally segregate each other blacks with blacks, whites with whites, hispanics with hispanic, etc.. Now for the hispanics  I can say they tend to stay with each other because of the language barrier but if you meet one that's fully bilingual they would interact with everyone regardless of the race. In the northeaste is completely different you can go to the mall and you see groups of teenagers mingling (whites, blacks, hispanics, mixed, etc.). Trust me there's a big difference.  




 Oh my God! I didn't even know they made postcards about this.  




 That would be great if an AMA could be done.  




 I wonder if any of them are still alive and if they still feel the same way.  





























 So if the G fund is the only one guaranteed return, how can I invest in the other funds without loosing all my money? If the G fund is managed by experts, how could I manage the other funds? 




 On Modern Marvels Season 17 Episode 6 Built to Last they showed the black box testing was done, explaining the temperature test clearly showing how they could withstand the temperatures on the 9/11 plane crash but somehow got destroyed that day. Now, for the ones that don't know L-3 is the company that makes the black boxes and also has a contract with the federal government.  




 That Anna Kendrick is not the same, she's the actress from the Twilight Saga.  




 Thrift Savings Plan  




 /u/lwarrent I guess somebody recognized her.  
























 Thanks. I was able to go to the webpage and like there I'm in the S fund. So, I guess I'm doing something right. Following these types of models could help in moving the money were it's more profitable, right? 




 The reason I'm asking it's because I've heard that people move the allocations based on the stock market.  




 I tried looking at the model but the webpage is not working. So such models would show me where it should be best to move my allocations? 




 Wouldn't I lose all my money if I invested in one fund? If I don't manage them, how can I make a decision in which one to use? What should I know or be paying attention to so I can choose one that would be more profitable? 




 The Thrift Savings Plan.

 





























 Steve Buscemi, he looks like one.  




 No update?! 









 So, out of all the allocations the best one is the L fund? 
























