 I was pretty excited until I went to the bottom of the Kickstarter page where they mention you cannot alter the files on the USB drive and it only contains a launch.html file that simply causes a browser redirect to a site of your choosing. It's still pretty cool, but it seems like more work than just giving someone a URL on your business card. 




 The fact that Europe allows such extremist protests is ridiculous. Rallies like this will not cause ISIS to lose fanatic supporters in Europe, it'll just go to energize those leaning towards extremism. Free speech is one thing... but allowing rallies by supporters of an organization dedicated to wiping out and terrorizing harmless civilians who don't agree with them? Those 'protests' should be met with an iron fist before extremism takes further root. 




 Pretty crazy. It just goes to show how much of an effect gravity has on the presence of aging. 









 Why is this such big news? The Chinese government is well known to hide information about government/military failures from civilians (though they seem to be improving).  




 But how do we know how big the banana is?!?  




 Yes, in Saudia Arabia and also two cases caught before Spanish volunteers were to travel back to Spain. 




 The worrisome thing to me is that there are already a handful of potential and confirmed cases showing up in well developed countries... countries that have the means to detect the potential cases, isolate them, and treat them if necessary. But there are so many countries that don't really have those capabilities, so it makes me wonder how many have already slipped by elsewhere. 




 I hope they are obliterated by our drones, manned aircraft, and missiles without our soldiers on the ground. How satisfying it will be to whoever pulls the trigger on a large group of these savages after they are spotted during one of the mass executions...

The problem is it's like Vietnam, the combatants can easily blend in. Hopefully when they try to blend in the people who have been run out of their homes with threats of death will return to pull the ISIS rats out of of their holes. 




 They strap you to a rocket and you get to see what everything looks like from 10ft in the air. 




 They accepted and welcomed the Christians being persecuted elsewhere in Iraq. Since they are willing to accept different religions, I don't think race will be a huge issue, and most of those in the regions of conflict aren't too racially distant anyway.

**Edit:** Fixed a word 




 They have my complete respect. They welcome the peaceful oppressed with welcoming arms and also don't treat women like dogs. When the rest of Iraq was falling apart the Kurdish region survived well. They seem to have great decency and high morals. Not to mention great discipline. 




 Lighthouses are really some incredible feats of engineering, especially considering that many of them are very very old. 




 * That your body's immune system is defeating cancerous cells on a daily basis. Chronic stress has been found to lower and/or screw up immune system responses. So your current stress could be killing you... Same goes for stress's effect on heart function.
* For the fame seekers: Statistically you will die without fame, recognition or money.
* If food supplies were disrupted for many months or years due to a catastrophic world event, you would likely not survive.
* One nation attacking another with a nuclear weapon could trigger global retaliation, and if you live in a major population center of the US your city is likely already targeted, and there is nothing you could do about it...
* Mt Rainier is still an active volcano with millions of people within its path of destruction.
* You can be arrested for a crime you did not commit and be sent to prison. It happens fairly often for life sentences and murders, so think of how often it must happen for less severe crimes?
* 1 in 4 people will die of cancer, and most will not know they have cancer until it is too late to effectively treat.
* We're running out of our supply of Helium
* A massive solar storm could erupt that could destroy nearly all electronics. Imagine the chaos... and there is nothing we can effectively do to stop it.
* Bacteria resistant to antibiotics is becoming much more common. If it continues, in the future, things as simple as dental procedures could become deadly.
 




 He was caught putting a handgun into his waistband at a location that was already being staked out for drug activity. He also has an existing criminal record. I imagine the arrest was in part motivated by his recording and exposing the death at the hands of the NYPD... which is incredibly wrong. But I also believe both parties here have some guilt. 




 With so much pollution that shows no major signs of letting up, perhaps natural selection will come into play and result in a nation with individuals more adapted to surviving harsh polluted environments. That'd be kind of cool minus all the sadness and death. 




 I've been programming since I was a teenager, and started out being extremely productive while living with my parents before I transitioned into an adult. At 20 I was hired by a well known and prestigious software company and shipped out from a farm in a rural part of the US to the big city... 

The first few years I was insanely productive pretty much anywhere I worked, at home, at the office, or even at a hotel. But over time I began to lose that motivation, that urge for productivity. I found myself easily distracted, and instead of being excited for the work ahead I merely wished to procrastinate through unnecessary and irrelevant actions. I was burned out.

Several more years have passed. I have a remote work arrangement, so I rented an office that I can work out of that rural part of the US again for 2 weeks a month, while I spend the rest at the company headquarters. One thing that I've begun to realize is that "where" you work is less important than "why" you work. If you find yourself heading to your office and you ask yourself whether you'd rather be doing something else, then the location of that office is mostly irrelevant, because you will likely not be productive.

For me my most productive, and thoughtful times have come after or during socialization. If you are isolating yourself, I think the first step is to try to socialize a bit. Talk to and hang out with friends, spend a few hours just hanging out with the family... If you are like me that will give you a sense of calmness and belonging, and you'll find that you actually want to code and be productive, because your mind feels relaxed. 
 




 So accurate too... because it's a mess. 









 "51st Stater" for Canadians is so perfect. It's not even racist. Totally going to use this on those friends that like to bitch about how much America sucks and how great their oh so wonderful but never flawed Canada is...

It's going to drive them nuts. 




 I bet nobody ever asked her to move to the back of the bus. 




 Is this a high school event?!? Because if it is they really go all out don't  they? A band, spotlights, packed seating, and people actually cheering and getting into it? Looks like they really know how to have fun.
 




 I will make shit appear within your pants! 




 * Horses in the city streets (sounds of horseshoes on the street, neighing, etc)
* The clangs, clatter and squeaks from coaches
* Town-wide noon whistles or bells (still heard in a few towns)
* Paperboys on the street reading headlines
* Cars not being able to start and sputtering
* Steam locomotives blowing off pressure as they sit in the town station
* People loudly calling out for one another in towns when separated
* True physical bells on business doors that ring when they are opened

  









 Fuck RT. 




 So that's where Top Ramen comes from! 




 I think you're failing to give the act of escalation credit. It's escalating, it has in reality been escalating for years (since the Georgia conflict) and it has not shown any signs of deescalation. It'll start with proxy wars, and then when the proxy fighters are depleted the bigger players will start fighting. 




 I hope it can project all the same information as what is delivered on that screen in the cockpit, or that the screen is very modular. What a bummer it would be to be taking on light damage and have your single screen destroyed. 




 Why would sanctions be dropped when they have nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict? Russia is still escalating violent tensions in Eastern Europe...  




 "Is your approval rating dropping?!? No worries! Just "urge" some people to do something the populous wants, but you know will not actually get done!!!"

I mean for god sakes this dude is the President and he's 'urging' other politicians to close blatant loopholes in tax law? He's the head honcho... if he was really behind the effort fully, he'd do more. Right? 




 This is bad news for the world. The Russians show no true effort to deescalate the situation, and instead continue to arm and train those perceived to be fighting against Western interests. Meanwhile Western countries are showing no deescalation in their support, training, and potential arming of fighters of Eastern/Russian interests. 

Think about, nobody is going to back down. Things have been getting progressively worse since the Georgia war. Every year more players become involved, and with every passing moment the fighting and hatred seems to intensify across Northern Africa, the Middle East, and Western Europe... If any side backed down they would look weak, and are also more vulnerable to violent actions from those that oppose them.

I truly fear this will continue to spiral out of control until world wide war breaks out within the next few years that is split between influence from the West, The East, and the Far East. It's not showing signs of slowing down, and really, how can it? 




 Because people have jobs and are too afraid of losing those jobs by protesting.  




 Ah yes, brings back memories of that lovely feeling when a larger chunk flies off and lands on bare skin only to erupt into a beautiful sensation of screaming, pain and finally crying. 




 It's what people from /r/shitredditsays are probably like in the real world. 




 Do the Russians really think people will believe that? I wonder how far they'll take this lie. The terrorist/separatist leader himself mentioned on social media his forces shot down a plane... Then he deleted it. If it were hack you'd think he'd deny it profusely. Instead he's just kept quiet because he knows he messed up. 




 TL; DR: WWII causes USSR / USA to turn themselves into massive war machines to fight Axis. Axis is defeated. USSR   USA still primed to fight, each wary of the other fighter. Too scared to fight each other directly, fight each other's influences instead. Fight to be technically superior. USSR burns out after fighting too hard without rest and recovery... Collapses. First Cold War over. 




 Exercise is well known to alter-inflammatory responses, and usually for the better. Strenuous exercise can exacerbate inflammation, so if you have a recent injury that isn't fully healed or an old one prone to abrasion you could be seeing an inflammatory response that's related.

How long have you had them, and is it hard or soft? I don't think you have to worry about anything serious. 




 Cholinergic Urticaria will do this. Up to 10% of younger populations have it, and it's thought to be an allergic reaction to sweat. But if that's the case she'll feel itchy or have a 'pins and needles' sensation across her body.

If it's not itchy it's probably nothing more than an old injury that has become inflamed.
 




 That's usually for generalized swelling, not for localized swelling without a traumatic trigger (like a bee sting, injection, etc).  




 Did you have an injury there in the past? Do you break out anywhere else? 

Is it itchy? 









 I hope you're not responsible for teaching them English. Or... you know... manners. 

 I've mentored them and most of them are fucked up

No doubt! 




 That's easy for someone to say when they are not in the direct position of *caring for them*. Children in Africa don't deserve to starve, but hundreds of thousands do each year. Is it our responsibility to care for them as well? I think a lot of people like using the term "our", but as soon as it becomes "my", then they change their tune.

Also there isn't any direct relevance to that article you posted. You might have as well posted an article about abuse in nursing homes, or sexual abuse of children at the hands of the church. 




 But is it fair to send your children to another country and expect other people to take care of them because you can't or don't want to? 

It's like if you were a couple living on a suburban street with your own child, and you did a great job caring for that child... offering shelter, schooling, health care and great support. Then one day someone from another neighborhood sees you at the park, and later their kids show up at your house.  They don't leave. They say they should stay there because you can provide better for them, and their parents say the same. They are using resources you worked hard for, resources you earned, and yet you are not responsible in any part for there previous life. Would you not kick them out? 




 Nearly 60% of the people living in LA are Hispanic, and the percentage of LA children who are Hispanic is even higher. In a lot of South Western states Hispanics are primed to become the overwhelming majority in the next generations... This is probably an act to help those he feels he should identify with to get votes, and from my observations the majority of Hispanics support illegal immigration. 




 I'm pleasantly surprised at the lack of fedoras.  




 If the people of California approve this and the federal government denies it we know the government is no longer for the people.  









 Software. I started writing and selling my own around 16, then got picked up by a big software company when I was 20. Without any college debt it allowed me to save a lot quickly, and I put it into investments that have given me good returns over the years. 




 Not specific luxury goods or services per say, but I've noticed the following perks related to services... and I'm not really super wealthy, though my path is destined for that through my career (currently in my 20s with a respectable 6 figure salary, and loads of savings and investments). 

* **Better banking and financial service**. My bank put me into their highest/top-level investment tier and also gave me concierge services, along with customer service most people would dream of...

*  **Discounts at well known hotels, retailers and resorts**. These guys know you have money, and once they get a taste they want to bring you back for more. They want you to bring your wealthy friends back with you too. It may seem counter-intuitive, but they often do this by offering wealthy customers big discounts.

* **More respect across many professional services**. There have been a lot of cases where I'm meeting with someone from a company offering professional services (real estate agencies, insurance companies, auto companies, etc) and they change their behavior from 'standard' treatment to 'excellent' treatment when they find out I'm a wealthy potential or existing client. The things they do to fuck over the normal customers don't really happen to me, because I'm such a 'valued customer'. Escalation is also very simple... If they can't get something done at a local branch (like reversing fees, upgrading service, etc) they'll call their manager and make it a point to mention where I work and what I do (not a lawyer!), and things will get resolved quickly. I've also noticed increased respect from law enforcement. I've gotten out of many tickets simply because the officer wanted to talk about my work and my lifestyle, and also mention their dreams regarding investments etc. If I wasn't wealthy, those discussions wouldn't happen, and I'd likely get a ticket.

* **Better/faster seating at lounges and restaurants**. This doesn't happen too often, but I'm inclined to believe it's simply because there aren't many situations where a waitress/seating manager will learn about my wealth and career. But when such situations do occur such as when they are making small talk and asking what I do for a living, I'll notice a change in the service for the better. They'll start actively 'looking around' for seating, or allow me to sit in their special seating areas. I don't think that would happen if I wasn't wealthy... but I could be wrong.

* **People that will do everything for you**. Not one person covering all aspects by themselves, but rather multiple people that have their own specialties. These are not 'unknown' to most people, but I feel as though they are considered unobtainable to many... I'm talking about having gardeners, maid services, personal trainers, personal finance managers, shopping assistants, etc.  




 If you ever become very wealthy in relation to the average working man/woman in your country you'll likely see it first hand as the person on the receiving end of those requests... I'm not super rich by and means, but I'm in my 20s with a 6 figure salary and lots of savings. After news spread amongst friends, old 'friends' and 'distant relatives' began to come out of the shadows. They'd tell me their sob stories about how they needed to make car payments, rent, etc... But in what seemed like 99% of the cases it was the people who felt I owed them just because they asked for it. It's really irritating to have people get angry when you tell them no... It's like they assume money falls into your lap without hard work.

I help friends out with small things, but only if they don't ask. The last time someone asked and I gave them cash, it cost me $5000, and more importantly it cost me a normal friendship. Once people get some money they seem to think they are entitled to more, and so do their friends... It makes things so uncomfortable to me that I've had to inactivate my Facebook at times just because so many people are hinting or blatantly asking for money. 

It has also made me realize that dating will never be normal for me. The moment a girl finds out you're loaded their behavior completely changes and they'll be trying desperately to get your attention, I have yet to see a case where this isn't true. I'm male and young, so it's a great perk, but I still worry about what I may be losing because of it...  




 Well it certainly wouldn't be flowing above it now would it? =) 




 Socially yes. Physically to the environment? No. 




 Depending on the quality of the paint and the surface, paint can EASILY last 100 years without major chipping if it's not in a harsh environment. 

Source: Live on a farm with many buildings from the late 1800s and early 1900s that still have original paint in good condition. Secondary Source: Our town has an 'underground tour' and there is a holding cell below the streets where you can still see 'artwork' scratched into the white paint on the walls. 




 We should cherish this day! For our Supreme Leader graced us with his presence surrounded by smiles of children and widows in his great contribution to the state of our satirical culturing!

 




 Don't worry, my watch says 2:00PM and my breakfast has yet to begin. But you inspired me Buzz Aldrin. I'm going to take multiple small steps up the stairs and one giant leap to my coffee now. 




 I've lived at my current place for 4 years and I have one recliner, a card table, and some folding chairs. Hello fellow bachelor. 




 When did playful become a synonym for possessed?!? 




 Oh, is that all? How is your friend doing without any sleep?
 




 Both men acted respectably here really. This is actually pretty uplifting. The cop never raised his voice, didn't object to the recording, and may very well change his on-duty driving habits because of the truck drivers actions. And the truck driver was respectful and likely made the road a safer place. Win win.  









 It's an enemy of the enemy type of thing... But those interviews they mentioned where they were asked about their affiliations, job history, etc. was probably to root out those which could be considered Islamic extremists.  




 When I rub my skin on my back, neck, or lower abdomen, a waxy/oily substance will roll up into dark little balls. I think it's something called 'sebum' to protect the skin, but I've always wondered if anyone else has the same issue. 




 They are fasciculations... A lot of people have something called benign fasciculation syndrome, and it definitely gives the illusion of worms under the skin. 




 Aaaaannnddd.... I shot myself. 




 We're seeing the same thing during our asset transitions to Real Estate. Another group member recently payed $100k over listing price after a bidding war for a house overlooking Lake Washington... In that case the competitor was another investor from China.

Recently people have just started offering 6% over list price with no escalation, because supply is so low and competition is extremely high. 




 I have a lot of savings and investments and belong to an investment group  of semi-large transaction traders (with a $250,000 asset minimum). Stocks  were off to a very rocky start earlier this year, but have really become a shining light lately. However the general consensus is that it will not last much longer, and upcoming world events may be a strong factor in a general market drop.

I personally believe this is why the House just announced it will be suing the President. Everyone knows what is coming, and people are trying to shift any blame before the house of cards begins to fall.

What is bizarre to me is why there is not a noticeable drop or leveling in the stock markets. Big investors are moving a lot of money out of the stock markets and putting it into tangible assets such as real estate, myself included. In the Seattle area you can actually see when this started to happen by looking at housing supply. The new money maker is rent and property management, but because of so many assets being moved to real estate we're actually creating a bubble in the process.

My suggestion to those without real estate investments is to ensure you have an emergency fund in cash or other tangible assets. It's wise even when the economy is doing well, but common sense when the economy is beginning to falter. 

 




 I don't live in Idaho either. =\

Manufacturing capacity? You mean like all of the big factories the militants in current war zones have? Or all the money they have a hard time finding destination for? Give me a break. 




 Which is worse? To cause some hardship by removing a few genetically unfit from the gene pool? Or to cause widespread hardship many generations from now after centuries of breeding between individuals who fight only for themselves and not society? 




 Well by technological standards the same thing could be said about Afghanistan, Iraq, Chechnya. and Somalia. 

Edit: Oh you're a Californian. Probably an illegal immigrant too. Well if violence ever does break out and we're on opposite sides of a conflict, I hope we meet. *I love you* 









 Idaho and California. Even though they are separated by multiple states, Idaho has some of the highest gun ownership rates (~60%) in the United States and it also has a population that aggressively hates federal and far reaching governments. Idaho is full of militias. Meanwhile California is staunchly liberal and forceful in telling people what to do. They also have rampant illegal immigration problems.

Idaho based militias would attack targets in California, retreat to the mountainous Idaho terrain, and then trigger a war in the region that would end up pulling in Montana and the Dakotas on the side of Idaho.

Good old fashioned guerrilla warfare bitches! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehaawwwww. http://imgur.com/sq1S8  




 To the people saying the graphics/performance won't get better over time because the hardware 'sucks' and because it is already well-known architecture... you should know things aren't so black and white. The x86-64bit processor architecture presents some problems which are being carried over from those who are accustom to developing games for PCs. When developing for PCs you obviously do not know what specific hardware the customers will be running, so you can't really optimize for a specific set of hardware. This is not the case for PS4/XBox One. Over time we will see more and more 'tricks' that will introduce better performance on that specific hardware, but learning those tricks takes time and experience... and it's still early in this generation of consoles.

The second thing is that game engines are of course not perfect. Over iterations they will continually improve (if done right) in terms of efficiency and capability. The Unreal Engine and ID Tech engines are prime examples of this. As this generation of console matures, there will be a natural improvement of the Engines that are at the core of many of the games.... the quality will not remain static just because the hardware is static.

It's also important to remember that drivers can be a huge culprit when it comes to poor performance, and they too will continue to evolve on the consoles to result in better performance.

The graphics/performance of the games is destined to improve over time.

 




 It really depends on the market. If it's a hot market with a low supply of homes it's very unlikely that you'll have your offer accepted if it is below the list price and the home is in good condition. 

In my city for example, the homes in the neighborhoods I've been looking at have all been selling around 6% ABOVE list price.

I'd suggest looking around the neighborhood at other recent sales using Zillow, and try to get an idea of how final sale prices are comparing to original list prices. Putting in an offer lower than list price is risky in many markets... It's also common for some people to put an initial offer slightly above market price, just so their offer is accepted over others without a bidding war. If that happens, your offer will likely be thrown out immediately. 




 If you don't consider the effort it took me to get the money which I invest, the easiest money I have made was without a doubt through the stock market. There are many stocks I sit on for long-term gains, but there are also occasionally some stocks I buy/sell with my personal account for short-term gains. In 2013 I bought $100k of a stock in the morning, and sold it near the market close for a profit of $5000. It was a few clicks, and some pretty passive monitoring... but it netted me enough for a couple months of rent. The total fee excluding taxes was $19. That was pretty damn easy. 




 Whhhhaaaaaaaaa? It looks like the cancer that is /r/ShitRedditSays is metastasizing into other sub-reddits.  




 You monster. 




 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/mefnirV.gif 









 OP is a lying re-poster! Grab your pitchforks at the door... 
 




 Someone needs to find this man when he is slapped on the wrist and let go. He should be brutally disposed of... Humans like this are not fit to live in a society.  




 How do you feel knowing your confined to a building for the rest of your life? Knowing that there is plenty of talent out there waiting to put a bullet in your brain to silence you at a moments notice if you leave the premises or your protectors decide it is no longer in their best interest to protect you? 




 First of all, the title is a bit misleading, as the behaviors returned after the drug wore off...

Secondly, as someone with Aspergers, this is both exciting and terrifying to me. I really hate the social aspects of Aspergers. I'm not good with any form of communication unless there is some sort of directive or goal. Correcting this would be very welcomed. The part that scares me is I wonder what else I might lose... I work in software engineering, and I feel like my autistic-traits give me a huge advantage when it comes to designing complex interacting systems. If I lose the ability to visualize such systems with clarity and focus, treatment becomes a cost to benefit analysis to me... and I'm not sure which outcome would be the most beneficial to me.

Still, this research intrigues me. Any understanding towards potentially correcting flaws is a great step towards the future of health and science. 




 Thankfully there are still Mexicans in the background glaring at them. 




 I dislike Russia's actions as much as the next guy, but in fairness even at the doubled rate, it was still being offered to Ukraine at a discounted rate. The other European countries supplied by Russia still have higher rates than the rates for Ukraine proposed by Russia. 





























 It would take a very very large surface area to significantly impact the precipitation in the region, and I am unaware of any projects that have created such rainfall after filling a dry basin.

It is well understood that the benefits of pumping large volumes to extremely dry regions are immense. Wildlife returns/appears, tourism can thrive, fishing may become economical, and water becomes available for agriculture. The concern however is the rise in salinity which can 'poison' existing water tables containing freshwater.

There is a massive project underway to pump water into the diminishing Red Sea, and you may find it interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Sea%E2%80%93Dead_Sea_Canal 




 If it's just used for storing media and it isn't being shared out to hundreds of simultaneous users then cheap consumer NAS drives should be sufficient. You won't get much benefit with hybrid drives, as your content is media and hybrids mostly assist with increasing speeds for files that have a typical load pattern (like those used by the OS).

Vibration and heat shouldn't be a problem, especially if you have a CoolerMaster with that many bays. They designed it for that, and your drives won't be running extremely hot anyway. 




 One of those gauges is in incredibly good condition for being in salt water for ~70 years. That 4 is totally readable.  Nearly a century later and the seal still hasn't broken? That's impressive! 




 Other humans who are trying to keep their existence a secret, who live in the "real world" and spread disinformation to make us believe we are the only ones here. We're the equivalent of the uncontacted tribes of the Amazon, and the UFOs appear when the outsiders must come into our section of the planet and change something. 




 That's the point. If they are more productive, then they should get rid of me. But if I am more as productive or more productive than others (as I believe I am) then I should be able to stay productive, instead of just being forced to be onsite 100% of the time because some other employees are not productive remotely.

If anything this is a great opportunity for companies to find out how to make their remote employee **more** productive.
 




 This is so backwards. As we create better technology to close the gaps caused by telecommuting there should be an increase in remote workers rather than a push to get rid of them.

It's happening all over. I believe it was Yahoo that recently recalled all its remote workers, and I'm also seeing it in other large tech companies with net initiatives to have everyone on site.

Currently I have a job that allows me to work remotely a couple of weeks each month, and I'm much happier because of it. I would also say I tend to be more productive when i am remote. I understand some workers may not be as productive remote versus/onsite, but if that's the case these companies should just eliminate those specific workers, rather than changing overall policy and hurting those to whom it is deeply beneficial. 




 It's pure science. Others will leverage this information to build further scientific findings which will eventually lead to much more broad understanding and applicable developments.

We NEED this kind of information. 




 It seems like a primary aspect of this study/trial was eliminating stress. Stress by itself can cause significant cognitive/memory issues. Without very specific and highly significant changes in cognitive measurements, I'm inclined to believe that this probably doesn't alter the Alzheimer's pathology itself, but instead removes the additional mental hit caused by severe stress. 




 One thing I notice with most of these videos is at least some of the cops seem compassionate/dismayed after these incidents. It gives me hope.

Towards the end of that video you can see one of the cops give the "wtf?!?" gesture towards the officers who sprayed the protesters. They should be the ones getting the promotions, not the officers who spray people in the face when they aren't a physical threat. 




 The changing stances of those around him seem to indicate dismay. Even his own comrades are probably asking 'why?'.

More images like this will only result in more protesters, and more anger. Hopefully it makes its way around China some before getting completely blocked. Even if they don't support the protesters (and why would they?) at least the Chinese citizens can display their own anger at these police tactics in a modern world. 




 The ants are getting restless. 




 It doesn't directly. The isolation does, and it's necessary for prolonged isolation. 

I'm not some backyard bunker fanatic, but I do believe if you have an opportunity to prepare for certain emergencies, it would be unwise to not do so. I'd rather have a holdout/isolation destination that goes unused, than be stuck without one and wishing I had one during an improbable but possible widespread emergency. 




 At the simplest and incremental backup system will take up the space of the base file, plus the size of each of the incremental changes, along with a small overhead for indexing/tracking the changes. Typically the incremental backup software will store previous incremental changes with compression, to further reduce space (but increase restoration time). 

With files that change infrequently or only have minor changes incremental backups will be a very wise use of space. I would definitely advise against it for files that change extensively and often however, because the amount of space you require will skyrocket. Additionally incremental backups will not be very efficient storage-wise if you are using them regularly against compressed media files that change. For example, you may be better off with full backups if you are altering and re-encoding mp4s, as most of the file content will change and the added incremental backup overhead will not be worth the benefits. 




 Classified documents, war plans, wiretapped conversations, and... 

Oh. I mean... it's mostly films in .mp4 containers, coming in at about ~2GB per film on average. The second biggest thing is full backups from previous desktops, and also some current backups for important files. 

I think for most people the answer will be media, media, media.  




 I'm almost 29 and my optimism continues to go down with age. I have an excellent job that most people would only dream of having financially... But my Facebook feeds are full of photos of my friends' kids and their first days in grade school... Meanwhile here I am, just trying to keep from losing things like my job, my health, etc etc. Nothing is being added, only slowly taken away.

Yay! Depressing Monday! 




 I wonder if the train engineer slightly shit his pants seeing a man in the distance put something in the tracks before running away. 




 I have. With something like cotton it's easy to get a light, especially when motivated. Not dying would be very motivating. 




 Damn. If I were fighting back then and it was such close combat I'd equip myself with flint/tinder and some oil. When the armored foe got close enough just throw the oil on him, light the torch and roast the son of a bitch. I wouldn't want to get stabbed in the eye! 




 I'm afraid as long as Islam exists the world will be raging war against atrocities carried out in its name. 




 Good for them and good on the doctors for allowing them to keep their dignity instead of eventually wasting away in nursing homes while cruelly being kept alive only to endure suffering. 
 




 Are there fishermen dependent on these areas for their livelihoods? Are they going to get any support from the government?

Corporations can get the fuck out. But I feel for private fishermen should any lose their ability to earn a living.  




 Traffic data is largely generated by measurements of Android users' GPS coordinates while they are determined to be travelling on the roads. It's automatic and it's transparent.

It'd be really difficult to get roadkill data reliably and accurately, as it'd pretty much certainly be based upon user reports.   




 Cool, and my GPA is the same.  




 Fly to Africa. Get Ebola. Fly back to the US. Buy a spandex suit. Draw a snazzy design on it. Go to the White House and jump the fence while screaming you are the one and only "Ebola man!". 




 I see other parking spots available.  




 Countering an ass move with another ass move doesn't nullify the ass moves. Now you just have two ass moves. 




 Are you kidding me? Obvious troll. That part of the world has been on a decline since before the USA even existed.

Having fun under the bridge? 




 ISIS is like new viral outbreak, you can either stamp it out when it first takes hold, or you can wait until it becomes a worldwide disaster.

Ebola really isn't currently OUR (the US's) problem right now either, but would you prefer to leave that to the locals too? 




 Is the building leased? It's probably connected to higher voltage lines in case the company leasing the building wants to run equipment. 




 OS   Browser accessibility features allow for this, assuming the website has proper markup/notation describing objects. The users will be 'read' the text associated with checkboxes/text boxes/etc and can iterate through them. On a website like Reddit, and most websites, it would be a real challenge due to the quantity of content pieces... but it is doable.  




 Seeing that on any fridge would weird me out a bit. The outside of a single man's refrigerator door should be a barren landscape of masculinity.  




 I think your wife probably wonders why there is a command center in your house =P 




 It took me a while to establish a connection from my lunar outpost on the dark side of the moon, but thanks for sharing this terrific article! Welp! Back to collecting moon rocks... See ya later! 




 * **Redeemer** from Unreal Tournament
* **Celebral Bore** from Turok
* **BFG** from Doom series
* **Ripper** (shoots spinning discs that ricochet off walls and decapitate people)  from Unreal Tournament 
* **Snarks** (little creatures you can release that chase down enemies/players) from Half-Life 




 The filming style conveys sort of an eerie feeling... I love it.  




 And his wife sounds like she's extremely aware of the extreme retirement. 




 All this has to do is cross over into a war zone like Syria or certain parts of Africa, and then we're all in trouble. 




 As stupid as it may sound... Aren't these pranksters technically terrorists? They are using terror to advance their own cause (YouTube audience). 




 Just curious. How do you know you have the same thing? Were you tested? 




 Originally I thought Snowden had the right intentions. Now I think he's just out to stay relevant and smear the US anyway he can. 

The initial documents he released after fleeing the US were about programs that were targeting US citizens unfairly and unjustly. But as time has gone on the documents are getting to the point where they are only hurting US citizen interests. Even ISIS is using his documents to help evade detection, because he released documents that had information about monitoring protocols in theaters of war... He should have stopped while he was ahead a long time ago.  




 Some people treat Reddit like it's a nation and take everything so seriously it's facepalm worthy. **It's just a fucking website where people go to waste time!** 




 Your Dad is a pretty cool guy Sam. He looked so cool I decided to take my time machine back to greet him Sam. 

Side note: Paint sure is sticky! 




 Oh you! 




 "Ferguson was enough for me! I'm tired of all these white people!"

White house under attack in 3... 2.... 1 




 European politicians need to take a stand against this otherwise it's going to continue to spiral out of control. Extremist Muslims living in Europe and Australia are already publicly calling for beheading 'infidels', yet these countries don't crack down on such Muslims... I suspect it's because the politicians are scared that they will become targets of violent Muslims. But if they don't act soon, then every non-Muslim will be a target. 




 Are you fucking kidding me? Your post/comment history includes much anti-Jewish content and you're calling the OP out for supposedly being anti-Muslim because he posted an article pertaining to a logical action? 

You're part of the core of the Muslim problem dude.  




 Christian militias going around attacking Muslims in the Central African Republic isn't right, but I'm not sure that's a fair comparison. Those militias were established after many constant and brutal attacks from Muslims on Christian villages. The villagers finally had enough and realized there was no safe escape, so they began to form militias to attack the Muslim attackers. In the process those militias began driving out all Muslims to avoid future attacks. The point being they are not doing it because they believe their religion says they should... They are doing it because they are/were under attack by Muslims who were trying to violently push their religion.
  




 The student was Barry Kidston and 18 months later he died of a cocaine overdose. He really wanted that high. 




 How many people are able to comfortably fit and play from the truck? 




 That's incredible. It's like an apocalyptic death machine coming to destroy everything.  









 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. 




 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. Any questions? 









 Maybe he suspected he was dosed with something (who the hell wouldn't if they suddenly had a weird experience while working with the CIA?), and saw it as a good time to quit the business. 




 For example what are some common products/services that should be avoided?  




 Regardless of any potential psychiatric issues this guy had poor judgement... You're a young teacher, and you choose to write about a school shooting? That's going to make for some interesting parent teacher conferences at the very least! 




 I dig ponds, dig ditches, and clear rock manually on a farm with a shovel to get my muscle building in. Everyone thinks it's silly. But I find it much more silly that they go to a gym for several hours each week, and leave without accomplishing any tangible work. 




 Easily renewable at the moment. But people don't seem to realize how big of a problem logging will be for us in the relatively near term future. 'Typical' logging land not receiving new sediment from river sources has been shown to be able to last ~1000 years with heavy logging before nutrients are depleted. 1000 years is a long time, but in areas in China much land has been depleted of key minerals/nutrients and can no longer sustain logging... Eventually that'll start occurring around the world, and we'll be forced to fertilize logging zones. Something that won't be very easy. 




 Saudis' rule by fear. Public whippings are very common, as are other physical forms of punishment that don't result in death. If a group in Saudi Arabia declared part of the country as a democratic breakaway, I have little doubt the Saudis would be extremely ruthless in their efforts to suppress it. 




 I'm not a realtor, but as someone who has looked at many mid-range homes ($400-600k in my area) and put inspections/offers on a few... If they have JUST put in carpeting, ask the previous owners why they put it in. Also walk around and feel for uneven spots. I've been to two places with brand new carpeting, and with both of them it was a sneaky way of hiding uneven spots in the floor.

And it's not really a question, but more of a tip. Watch for trees that are too close to the house. For one they can damage the foundation (your inspector will let you know if any damage has already occurred) and secondly they can make it an absolute bitch to clean your roof + gutters.

Plus a no brainer: Ask how old the roof is, and how long it is rated for. 




 Saudi Arabia is essentially what Islamic State terrorists are creating elsewhere in the Middle-east. The main difference is that Saudi Arabia has been long established and people are already beaten into submission, while people are still fighting back against the Islamic State. 




 Absolutely. This should be one of the Reddit rules. Not posting pictures of people not already in the public eye for the sole purpose of ridicule. 




 Imagine how radically geopolitics would change if our US President proposed a unity with Iran and Syria against barbaric terrorist groups, and also acknowledged ideological differences and mistakes in the past. He'd pretty much become an infinitely better president over night. 














 Some were throwing bottles (including glass bottles) at police. 




 It seems like it's a few minutes behind. It's a broadcast TV station so I'm guessing it may be a delay to allow them to quickly stop broadcast if something needs to be censored (like extreme profanity tirades, etc). 




 There is another slightly delayed stream at http://new.livestream.com/ktvi/live . The police are demanding that members of the media leave the area of protest... Most reporters have been forced out, but a few remain. 




 But they just announced there will be a grand jury? This Viper station seems to be the only one reporting this. I'm very skeptical. 









 It's very different than MS in both symptoms, severity of symptoms, and progression rate as well as pathology. MS is thought to be caused by myelin sheath degradation/destruction, whereas ALS is caused by motor neuron death. 

To put it into computer-like perspective based on current pathology suspects: MS is like having a network cable between two computers that is damaged/being damaged, so sometimes messages between the two behave incorrectly... If you repair the cable you can alleviate the symptoms (in MS your body will try to repair myelin as well), as the source and recipients are just fine. ALS is like the network card going bad... eventually messages will not be able to be sent or received, and the progression to failure is usually much faster. 




 So does this mean that those with Parkinson's Disease will always feel tired and sleep a lot more?  




 Being a neurosurgeon must be very stressful... Being a neurosurgeon under the public eye must make it even more stressful. What do you find yourself doing to relax and destress? 




 Dysautonomia is mostly just the catch-all syndrome, and I have it too =(. I'm curious if you're one of the lucky ones to know the underlying cause?

 




 It's truly incredible how common rare diseases really are across the population. I have a neurological/autoimmune illness and while the specialists know what antibodies I have, and what the symptoms are, very little is actually understood about the illness... to the point where it doesn't even have a name. 

Prior to the antibody find I was told I may have the following ALS (first), Stiff Person Syndrome (two months later), Neuromytonia (three months later), Parkinsons or Multi System Atrophy (six months later). Then when they found the antibody they told me it was none of these previous suspects. The only real treatments currently known are suppression of the immune system or plasma exchange (both treatments I have been lucky enough to avoid)... And those are basically some of the most generic treatments out there. All of this both scares me and excites me when it comes to our understanding of neurological illnesses... It scares me because often diagnoses are often just educated guesses and change frequently with the symptoms, and because the underlying pathology of many of these illnesses is unknown. But it greatly excites me also, because I can see we are in the infancy of understanding, and that means incredible advances lay before us! 




 Stephen Hawking's case is extremely rare, and there are theories that the underlying pathology may be quite different from most ALS cases. Unfortunately ALS typically robs the sufferers of life within a very short period of time... Rarely is survival greater than a few years. It's a very very scary disease. 

Luckily there are some companies working on some promising treatments (check out Brainstorm's clinical trials). Currently there is only one treatment available, and it only extends function for weeks or a few months. Breakthroughs can't come soon enough. 




 They weren't burning down stores, they were burning down college campus buildings. They even attacked the firefighters responding... They weren't really that peaceful.  




 The violent 'protesters' have been causing trouble for over a week. They seem hellbent on getting some violent clashes to take place, probably because they foolishly find it to be adventurous and fun. If they haven't stopped yet, they probably won't stop for the National Guard. It's going to be very interesting, because in many previous historical instances where the National Guard is called in to stop riots, they end up shooting and killing multiple rioters... and that was before social media. Now with Twitter, Facebook, and all the other social media so easily accessible, I could foresee this turning into long term 'insurgency' of sorts, with race being the underlying factor in who is being attacked and who is attacking. 




 When the police first fired rubber bullets and tear gas at the peaceful protesters I was on the side of the protesters. Now that they've started looting, becoming violent, and not contributing to peace... I hope the National Guard crushes those that come out at night to stir trouble. 




 This is a stupid "solution" and just a populist idea. Weapons are not the core of the problem here, the problem is the behavior and heavy handed tactics of some police departments...  If you take away some of their military grade weapons, those individuals that see them selves as macho military types will not suddenly become respectful of citizen rights.

 




 That's absolutely what they mean. Not all black people though, just the true gangsters and wannabe gangsters. I think a lot of people hate those types, but it's very politically incorrect to say you hate 'thugs' so they keep it inside. 




 Except this is divided along racial lines instead of political ones, so it's unlikely to spread too far. However if it does spread it'll probably get ugly, because a lot of people are looking forward to a race war. Several people I know have said they hope it spreads so they can begin gunning down thugs in their neighborhoods. They are mostly joking... but I think part of them truly believe that. 




 What a total clusterfuck. The black rioters are burning down the town, looting, and shooting at police helicopters... and the police will be hesitant with a strong response, because that's what the protests are all about. 




 Blankets.

Ask your friends and family to bring you extra blankets when you're in prison. It's going to be cold :) 




 Nothing sells newspapers like a good ol fashioned race war!  




 It makes it seem so "real" (not in the holocaust denial sense, but in a compassion sense). Whenever I read about World War II and the atrocities committed it seems so distant, as if I were reading about Genghis Khan. 

Recently I've started to realize just how brutal and barbaric the Nazi's were... I mean I knew they were brutal, and did terrible terrible things, but again it felt so distant. But now I see videos from Iraq of civilians being tortured and killed in mass by the 'Islamic State'... The Islamic State members say they are determined to wipe out entire races/religions and are clearly moving forth in that plan. I can imagine how terrifying it must be to be one of those targeted civilians in Iraq... and then it begins to dawn on me just how terrifying it would have been in Nazi Germany, because unlike Iraq, in Germany it was an entire nation wanting to kill you.  
























 Cool. 




 If you are, then so am I... I can't even remember the last time I cried, and even then it might have been out of frustration. In my adult life I don't think I've ever really cried hard. 









 People that buy the "high end" expensive RAM for game usage are really better off throwing their money elsewhere. For most applications such as gaming, memory is never the bottleneck.

The only place it really counts, and even there not too noticeably, is with enterprise/businesses/researchers/enthusiasts that are running in-memory DBs.  

Personally I would recommend always going with 1600Mhz or less for DDR3. Anything more is a waste of money for most consumers. 




 Yet they are still nearly 2.5x what they were almost 2 years ago. Prices never recovered after the factory fire.  




 What a bind. The situation in Eastern Europe/Ukraine is escalating and we don't want it to escalate, and the way to deescalate the situation is to escalate our actions against Russia.

... I'll be in my bunker. 




 I have chronic pain due to an autoimmune disorder. I wish I knew what mistake I made =( 




 Most Muslim countries are already death camps. 




 Volunteer somewhere. For me, the only time I really make friends is when I'm working with someone towards a common goal (usually manual labor). 




 Jupiter be like 'deez my hos'  




 And the award for the most boring job in the world goes tooooooo.... 









 This could really turn your world upside down! 




 It's cool, but I don't have motivation to buy one. I already have Cortana with my phone, and I can take it anywhere, and it doesn't take up any extra space.

The Amazon Echo doesn't look like a BAD device, but I would be very amazed if they sold enough of these to justify the research   development costs. Not too pleased as a stockholder. 




 I had my investments split between two brokers and it allowed me to see which one performed better with my assets. After seeing a clear winner I transferred all my funds into that brokerage account tax-free.

That would be the only benefit I could see, it would allow you to 'shop around' a bit, even if it's only two options. 




 What an excellent documentary show. Lots of information, lots of visuals, and no over dramatizations.  




 Would an Nvidia Tesla card have been a better performance/price buy in comparison to 4 GPUs? 




 I only check mine in the following scenarios:

* I get an email from my bank about suspicious activity
* When I get a bonus
* When there is a significant event that greatly shifts the stock market or my stocks for better or worse
* When I'm checking in against goals (such as another home) 




 It's also worth noting that the WHO statistics for Ebola are for cases confirmed through testing. It is estimated that the number of cases are vastly under-reported, the actual numbers are believed to be at least 3x as high. 




 You are likely thinking of Smallpox. Polio is actually seeing a resurgence in the Middle East due to conflicts and the difficulty of vaccination campaigns in such stressed and distrusting areas.  




 Just a note, if you are actively running your VM VHDs off the NAS and plan to do any data intensive operations, you are going to have a bad time. I'd suggest perhaps storing the virtual hard disks to the NAS for backup purposes or swapping, but when you spin up the VMs themselves use local storage. That will GREATLY simplify your NAS needs. 




 "Look at me! I'm FABULOUUUUUUUUS" 




 All I see is a guy getting cancer.

Source: I used WebMD once. 




 I am not 'good' with math and I think I'm a fine programmer. Been with a very well known software company for 8 years now and still climbing, so I'm not sure it can even be said that math helps... the vast majority of programmers will never need to do any complex mathematical operations. 




 Ramen 




 "The type of tree they grow at the Boardman tree farm is called Pacific Albus, a trademarked name that loosely means Pacific whitewood. Its a hybrid of four to five different poplars, cross strained for better yield, faster growth, less use of irrigation water, straighter growth, and things like that." 









 Just because it hasn't been observed/detected in active use, does not mean it does not serve a potential purpose correct? That's like monitoring some computers on the same day and saying 70% of the binaries of Microsoft Windows are non-functional and unnecessary (just because they weren't observed to be used during that time period). 




 Can confirm. I have a friend who works at a large company that will be announcing/releasing an automated hair styling/cutting machine for men and women. It's going to be marketed to franchises. The results are impressive and according to female feedback, look better than styling/cuts done by humans.

When and if they take off, thousands, and possibly hundreds of thousands of hairstylists will no longer be able to compete. I'm sad they will no longer have jobs, but I am extremely happy that automation/technology has no longer made such labor necessary. 




 You're supposed to dress up in a costume. It's not a costume if you wear it everyday. 




 Well now I know what my getaway vehicle may be for my next bank robbery... 




 No particular order:

* A stop to ISIS gaining ground in Iraq/Syria
* A reduction or end to Ebola cases in Africa
* A better agreement/truce for the Ukrainian/Russian fiasco so tensions can calm on all sides.
* A US economy expanding more than predicted
* More space tourism from private companies
* A reduction in RAM prices (computer memory costs have been increasing since 2013)
* More states voting for legalizing marijuana
* The collapse of the North Korean government
* Continued protests in Hong Kong until they are allowed to choose their own candidates (unlikely, but I hope it happens)
* The discovery of the missing airliner MH370
* The Elios car go into production gain good reviews
* More stem cell/regenerative medicine trials with absolutely amazing results
* Announcement of new metropolitan fiber networks with ~1Gbps speeds


 




 My god, that brings back the memories. The most disturbing thing I ever saw was [this goatse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ). 




 Watching LiveLeak videos at 7? 




 How I imagine this went down:

**Daughter**: "Dad I want to be a princess for Halloween!"

**Dad**: "No you're going to be a Xenomorph!"

**Daughter**: "But Daaaaaaad"

**Dad**: "NO!" _ 




 I wasn't attempting to "buy a girlfriend". She was already romantically interested in me prior to that, though I was not interested in a serious relationship and she understood that and said she was fine with it. She said she just wanted to have a fun and carefree relationship after getting burned in previous relationships. But because of the way she abruptly broke off contact I think she was just out to use me. I would not consider her a bad person in the slightest, I'm just using her as an example of why it would be hard to get anyone to just 'gift' money, even if there is already some attachment.


 




 Good luck with that unless you're an attractive young lady. Even then you'll have a hard time. I once paid off the college loans for a girl I had recently met because she was working towards good things (health field) and her loans were really holding her back. Then about a week later she stopped talking to me. Then she got a fitness trainer boyfriend, and that was it.

So... Yeah, good luck. Older billionaire dudes are probably a lot wiser. 




 HOW did they do it?!? 




 It's cool until it falls off on the freeway and you're in a mesmerized state after following the vehicle for miles and miles. Imagine how terrifying that would be... It'd feel like time suddenly stopped. 




 I think the important part of the fear is the chance of injury and death in relation to the amount of exposure to the item. Nearly everyone rides in a car or bus everyday, and almost everyone has a good outcome percentage wise. However if everyone were to step on a snake, or have a bee/wasp land on them, the percentage of bad outcomes would no doubt be very high (even if just a dry bite or a sting).

Just because something doesn't kill many people, doesn't mean it's not a worthy candidate for fear. 




 From the little bits I just read it seems as though the severity is typically reduced over time. That's got to be a good feeling in a less than ideal situation. As time goes on, does your seem to be improving? 














 You don't really need a pump if it's just goldfish and frogs. Just think of how many goldfish bowls are out there without pumps! I think adding a pump will just give you more headaches.

I've had a backyard pond for 10+ years with no pump, and it had large goldfish for most of those years until the racoons came and decided to go fishing. It also had frogs and salamanders, and algae was never much of a problem (it also never really got full sunlight). In the winter it would freeze over with almost a foot of ice, and the fish would still be there the next spring when it thawed. You'll be fine without a pump. 




 Not touching your eyes is equally important if not more important than your nose. 




 Just a regular surgeons mask seems a bit unreasonable for Ebola, but gloves aren't anything bad but overly cautious perhaps. The biggest thing to remember is to not touch your face, and to take off the gloves without making contact with any part of the glove that could have made contact with surfaces. Throw them away each time of course.  




 The whole finite resource part doesn't make much sense to me, but temperature increases associated with wind farms is well known. Thankfully based on what is currently known, we also know that the effects are minor, and are of course reversible.

An example of a paper regarding research into this subject: http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/v2/n7/full/nclimate1505.html 




 Cue the armchair Redditor architects and building engineers who will tell you about how it's going to rot and fall to the ground within the next couple of days. But that'll be the least of your worries, because they will also diagnose you with some fatal disease related to some imperfection found on your skin in one of the pics after glancing across it with their doctor eyes. 




     if (profile.Gender == Gender.Female    GetAttractiveness(profile) = Attractiveness.High) {
       MatchHelper.AddMatch(me, profile);
    } else {
       MatchHelper.AssignRandomMatch(profile);
    } 




 Really? You haven't really lived until you've been on fire! 




 Another thing to note is that due to competition and also the nature of pleasing investors, it is highly unlikely for a company to cut hours unless it is because they lack the budget to pay for the number of hours they'd like employees to work. 

It comes down to how no business wants to be the first to reduce hours without cutting pay. Unless you are an absolute market leader, making such an action will only allow competition to get ahead, while the business costs remain the same for you. 




 How do you think people get battle hardened? They have to start somewhere... 









 I firmly believe the reason it has not been enacted in the US or other 1st world nations yet is because it has a high potential to cause an economic collapse. Not because goods in those countries would be disrupted, but rather because it sends a huge negative signal to markets that things will be getting worse. By keeping travel open it falsely conveys the sense that everything is under control.

If the US government were to announce such a travel ban, I would begin selling and taking profits on more of my investments in stocks. The economy looks to already be teetering on a precarious edge that few officials are willing to admit. 




 I don't think I could ever live in a building so tall. I'd be paranoid of fires all the time. I'd probably learn how to base jump just to give myself the unrealistic feeling of safety.

I can't imagine how terrifying it would be to be so far up, sitting in that bathtub, hearing the fire alarm go off, and then seeing smoke calmly drifting up past the window. I'd sure hope the toilet was nearby. 




 i'll tell you hwat. That boy aint right 




 What's it like being the son of the Michelin Man? 




 Most 3D printers work with plastic, and those that work with metal are really unable to extrude the materials needed for handling the thermal aspects of a laptop. It really comes down to designing something that is capable of dissipating heat in such a small form factor. I don't think consumer 3D printers are near that point. 




 Not really no. There is a lot of custom hardware in name-brand laptops, and you would be unable to shrink/slim down a laptop chassis to comparable common consumer models without going through extensive design and research.

A giant bulky one that probably doesn't have much visual appeal or comfortable 'laptop' functionality is doable though. 




 More than 1 in 50 people died in WWII. That's pretty eye opening. 




 The navy version has the ability to take off and land vertically, it's part of, if not the biggest reason that the project is so ridiculously over budget. 




 This looks like further spiraling in Ukraine's downward spiral. 




 They typically do with disinfectants. Decontamination stations are critical.  




 This is pretty damn scary considering that the patient the health worker treated was the first person to come down with Ebola symptoms while in the US. They were extremely well prepared for that patient, they were extremely careful, and they put vast resources into keeping it from spreading. Yet it still spreads.

I'm fearful of what will happen when enough cases start popping up that such resources cannot be dedicated to single cases. I hope to god they find a significant/fixable flaw with their previous treatment and containment procedure... Because if they don't, it's very bad news for what the future might hold. 




 Reach over to your glove compartment and start screaming "Allahu Akbar!!!!!!" at the top of your lungs. 




 I would advise against this unless you have liquid bandages and someone to help you. The risk of something going wrong far outweighs the benefits in my opinion. For example if you use super glue and accidentally make contact with something before the glue dries entirely, you risk ripping open the cut to the point where it could become a serious issue.. 




 Ok cool. Can you tell us when you'll next be in a public place and where it will be so people can come take pictures of you for Reddit?  

Just because something is not illegal does not make it right or less douchey. 




 Even though it's not really an image for ridicule... taking a picture of a stranger because of his appearance and then posting it online for millions of people to see  is a total doucher move unless he gave it his blessing. 




 I really don't understand the issue here. Some of the companies he invested on failed, and obscure companies can be found in a lot (if not most) of investment portfolios. What's the unethical part?  




 Seems a lot better if the girl planned it. Versus: "I like that girl but she doesn't seem to notice me. I'm gonna go knock that bitch down." 




 That looks like me when I can't remember whether I turned off the stove. 




 I'd much rather the response be overboard than not enough. 




 Deactivating my Facebook account was one of the wisest life decisions I've made recently. Since then I feel much less depressed (seeing people posting their fun life highlights while I slayed away at my career does that) and it also resulted in me hanging out with my friends a lot more in real life, and just generally being more sociable.

I highly recommend it. 




 It is certainly scary. Though I think it's partially because it brings thoughts of huge pandemics such as those caused by the Spanish Flu, the plague, etc etc.

Even the regular flu which is often brought up as a huge worldwide killer, isn't *that bad* in terms of some of the other pandemics the world has been facing. For example, AIDs is estimated to **kill 4000+ people per day** and the HIV pandemic is still spreading, yet I think the overall 'panic' is absent from the media. 

The world is a scary place. 




 Play it. _ 




 A lighter full of chlorine. When he goes to light a cigarette he will press the valve release and the striker, but it won't light. Instead he'll get a wiff of **extremely toxic** chlorine gas. 

Fuck you pickpocketer. 




 There is no greater punishment. 




 $4.99 for shipping and handling. 




 Doubtful. Both tins and documents from the early 1900s are not uncommon. I would be surprised if you could get $3 for this. 




 We can only hope. But at this point it is the only *known infection* to take place outside Africa. It's not impossible that there are other infections which have occurred in countries outside Africa without the infrastructure/support to detect/isolate it. 









 Pretty cool, but someone should put a seizure warning on this post. 




 I rebelled in school and didn't do the work, mostly because I didn't like being told what to do when I didn't see a huge benefit in it. When I went home after school I'd tinker around with software and programming if there was nothing super fun going on.

I dropped out of school when I was 16. Got hired at 21 for a 6 figure job doing software development. I've been there 8 years now and it's been very good to me. The only thing I regret about not taking school seriously and dropping out, is that I missed out on a lot of social experiences like college shenanigans. 




 Your cat may be the spawn of a vampire. 




 Multiple casualty counts in the wikipedia articles:

* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_in_Afghanistan_(2001%E2%80%93present)
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_Drug_War
   




 I don't think a lot of people realize just how bad the situation in Mexico is... To put it in perspective, the number of deaths from the Mexican Drug War since 2006 is estimated to be 4-5x higher than the deaths (including civilians) occurring in the **ENTIRE** Afghanistan War since the US invasion in 2001.

It truly is a bloodbath down there. 





























 28 yo single male. Making a decent 6 figure income since 21 yo and now putting away about $4k or $5k each month. Savings are mostly with Edward Jones (well balanced portfolio) but also present in JP Morgan (mutual fund), Fidelity (vesting company stock and personal trading) and Chase (cash).

Right now I have zero debt but am looking for a house in an aggressive and expensive market. After doing so I will be about $200k in debt with the mortgage. I'm really not looking forward to it, but it seems better than throwing $2000 of rent into a financial black hole each month. 




 Based on historical prices it seems likely, as to my knowledge we haven't really seen any major events that typically precipitate a huge price drop. Additionally Saudi Arabia's recent decision to not cut output goes against its previous behavior in similar conditions. Some people may say Japan's sinking economy could be a factor, but I feel that China's growing economy and oil usage should easily counter that...

If it is orchestrated, it's a good move, Russia is bleeding from this at the time they need it most. 









 To put the violence in Mexico into perspective: the number of deaths from the Mexican Drug War since 2006 is estimated to be 4-5x higher than the deaths (including civilians) occurring in the ENTIRE Afghanistan War since the US invasion in 2001. 









 The post has been removed from the frontpage. I suggest everyone message the TIL moderators and ask them to have a sense of humor and allow it. 




 Op, now that the story is climbing you should delete your post. People will continue upvoting the other fake post because they'll just assume it's true without looking at the article. 




 Interesting fact: When the government came up with the Navy Seal teams they gave them names like "Navy Seal Team Six" even though there were not six teams. This was to throw off enemies to make them assume more teams were available. The base location for the team was "leaked" out during the Cold War. The location leaked was Thompson Falls, Montana.

So basically a non-existent city which is a side effect of the cold war is still in feigned existence today. It's pretty cool actually. It'd be even cooler to know why they continue to cover it up though.

**Edit:** Removing the article link as requested by the mods. Apparently people were getting malware warnings. My apologies!  




 If it's in a fuel cell it isn't really 'burned' right? It's a chemical reaction without combustion that produces water and electricity. 




 A 7% functional 'cure' rate on an illness that has seen few new marketable treatments in the last several decades? This is absolutely amazing if it shows similar results across common patient populations.   









 Have a nice day. 




 I really don't care what you believe. You are a self proclaimed "anarchist" and likely contribute nothing to society. You complain about people whining, yet you take whining to the extreme by contributing nothing towards the solutions of the problems you complain about.

Have a nice day. 




 When referring to my own opinion of the protests and how my opinion is not swayed by race, yes I think I can confidently say it's not because of race because I say it isn't. Are you suggesting I don't know my own thoughts? 

I wonder if you have voices speaking to you. When I saw this http://www.kirotv.com/news/news/kiro-7-confronts-self-proclaimed-anarchist-accused/nczb9/ things became a lot more clear about what you represent. 




 Care to elaborate? Your message makes no sense to me... 

I don't agree with these protests, but it's not because of race like you seem to imply. You do realize that most of those protesting in Seattle are white right? 



















 You sound really really cynical. I hope you never have to rely on a police officer to help you, it might make your head explode. 




 It's because of escalating racial tensions all over the country causing people to post things they wouldn't normally post. It's not limited to reddit. For example a black friend of mine on Facebook just called for a purge of all whites, and some white friends of mine are posting about lynching blacks. People will regret what they said when things calm down. Right now it's a tinderbox. 




 Yes. Didn't realize it was the final game that had the riot though. My bad. Still I don't think anyone predicted the Stanley Cup game would result in a riot. 




 But apparently you chose to ignore the many disturbances that occur after other non-championship events:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Vancouver_Stanley_Cup_riot 




 **Just an update**: I-5 through Seattle has been shutdown and crowds are swelling as the protests have turned violent. Teargas/flashbangs/pepper-spray have been deployed and protesters are splitting off into large groups marching in different directions.

**10:48PM:** Windows at Wells Fargo Bank have been broken

**11:02 PM:** I-5 has now been re-opened and traffic is flowing freely. Fireworks being thrown at police elsewhere in Seattle

**11:10 PM:** Protests igniting in Capital Hill. All available cops are being asked to assist in riot gear.

**12:10 AM:** Things seem to be dying down in terms of spread. Some protesters have spray painted businesses along Pine.

**Update at 12:35 AM:** Protests have really died down. Only about 60 protesters left. 




 I was referring to Ferguson, but perhaps that was misunderstood. 




 Who said they were rioting? As of right now it's just a peaceful protest. Which is why I called them protesters in the title, and not rioters. 




 They certainly aren't given a pass, there is just less of a coordinated response because they cannot easily be predicted.  




 I mean a lot of those causing riots after sporting events are likely intoxicated, so that alone is a pretty big difference from these Ferguson related protests. 




 *intoxicated people 




 There probably would have been riots either way, some people are just out to start conflict instead of deescalating and looking to find ways to prevent similar situations in the future. 









 Hello race war! Raceeeeeeee war!!!!!! RACE WAR EVERYONE!!!!!!!! RACE WAR!! 














 But you won't be at an equal pressure because you'll have A LOT of extra weight added by everything that isn't "normal air". The vessel would sink down into the atmosphere and the pressure inside would be much different than that on the outside before the vessel becomes stabilized. 




 Japan was one of the most aggressive countries in modern history. They just recently started firing back up their offensive military machine to face potential future conflict with China. A well armed Japan is one of the last things anyone should fuck with. 









 The only thing he's mentioned to me is that he looks for suburbs with good schools. I don't know what effect that really has though, other than reducing the chance of lower class renters.

When I've been looking (but have not bought any yet) I'm using Craigslist to find how much rents are in an area, and then using sites like Zillow to find the areas where the difference between mortgages and rents are the most extreme, but still affordable to me. 




 I'm in the same type of situation. I'm 28 and pulling in about 100k after taxes each year. But I also feel like I am being paid for my life, as outside of work I don't really do anything. I'm almost 100% work focused, and I don't want to live this way for the rest of my life.

I've been aggressively saving/investing for a house, but around here a decent house close to work costs about $700k. My plan is to pay much of it off in a down payment, and then have a minimal mortgage, that way I have bigger incoming cash flow that I feel I can spend on 'fun purchases'. That however, is still not **wealth**. 

Luckily I work with many many others my age that make similar amounts of money or more from their day job. It allows me to get a lot of comparisons into what works wealth-wise, and what does not. At this point I'm convinced that one of the best ways to generate wealth outside of owning a business is to own property and rent it out. 

I have a friend the same age as me that currently owns 3 properties in the suburbs and rents them out. From those he's paying about $3,000 in mortgages each month, but getting about $6,000 in rent. Excluding repairs and maintenance, that's an **extra** cash flow that nets him $3,000 each month in addition to his regular work pay. To me that is wealth... Because if he were to quit his job he'd still have income to live on while he searches for another job. PLUS like me he's 28, so I would not be surprised if he continues to add another property every 2-3 years. That's wealth generating income that can increase relatively fast, and it's also a real world example of someone our age gaining wealth so he will not have to work into his 50s.

So my advice would be to look into owning property in an affordable area and renting it out, as I know it is a wealth generating method proven to work by one of my friends with similar income. 




 Ummm. No. Have fun with your anonymous mask though! 









 They keep missing one too. If I'm going to call any country a terrorist state, it's going to be Saudi Arabia. 




 Probably not the wisest thing to say as the President of a nation that only has ~3 million people.

I don't understand comments like this from heads of state, it's only going to escalate things. Does she really think Russia will hear her and just be like: "Oh you're right. We're sorry. We're pulling out of Ukraine now." 




 Tina is out getting her ham 









 *from a chair in front of our computers 




 Haven't you heard? You're part of the Latin Spring! 




 Can we return it and exchange it for something else? 




 RAID is often used when data integrity is important (for example backups). If you have a bunch of SD cards in a array and have failing cards, you're going to have to rebuild the array often or face total failure. 

TL;DR: If you have a RAID setup with fault prone nodes, you're going to have a bad time. 




 You can, but the SD cards are usually much different/lower quality flash memory. They don't have nearly as much tolerance for failure and the number of write cycles is typically much less due to the type of memory used.

It'd be a nice 'fun RAID' perhaps. But I wouldn't use one to hold the keys to life. 




 You can buy them today, so it's already reaching consumers. I may buy one for an off-grid cabin because unlike many other batteries these aren't chemically dangerous, and they claim they have very long lives with minimal degradation. 














 "Hot Wheels is proud to announce our new 89' Geo Metro model with separable exhaust!"  




 I sometimes wonder if this administration is TRYING to stir up racial tensions. Imagine what a heated country it would be if this announcement and also the grand jury decision from Ferguson were made the same week.  




 Thanks Uncle Dave!! 




 Where is the original? This uploader just takes other peoples videos and reuploads or rehashes them together so they can get advertisement money through youtube. 




 When someone mentions asymptomatic I think a lot of people associate it with other contagious diseases where there can be carriers that spread the disease without exhibiting any symptoms. A very dangerous and alarming prospect. Like typhoid Mary. 




 Really? An "Asymptomatic" flair on the post? It's like it was only added to cause unnecessary panic. It's well known that Ebola can still be detected in semen weeks or months after infection. This guy was symptomatic at one time, and defeated the virus. He already went through the extremely contagious phase when he was still in Africa.  




 They come through our solar system, they just don't do so on a regular basis:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_non-periodic_comets 









 It's not really giving something physical (certificate or otherwise) to your user base. But I think it would be cool if there were some X-Prize like "Reddit Prize" for huge scientific/technological/consumer breakthroughs that may affect many Reddit users. 

It would take someone to manage it. But it would also be incredibly awesome and allow Reddit to really give back to society. 




 Perhaps you'd like to fly there and show them how it's properly done in a war-torn country? 




 Inspections are still done, they are just done while the money is in escrow and the buyer/seller agree that the buyer can walk away if the inspection finds something that changes the buyer's mind. It is rare for buyers to waive them completely (and stupid in my opinion).

My agent told me the reason agents are pushing against pre-offer inspections is because the market here is so competitive a lot of buyers were getting upset when they'd pay for inspections and not have their offers accepted post-inspection. I was also getting upset, as I have paid for inspections on 4 other homes which ended up going to other buyers with better offers. 




 Not yet. In my region there is a push against pre-inspections because it was beginning to become way too taxing on potential buyers. 

I could probably do this, and claim it's due to a defect, as long as they don't call my bluff and offer to address it. 




 I can back out, but I believe I will lose my earnest money which is $20k unless I find a defect with the house. 




 I can't help but to feel a bit cynical about his words. His party just lost a mid-term election, and NOW he decides to be so vocal about opposing net neutrality?!? If he believes so strongly in opposing it, where were his strong reactions before he had to save face?

It's fucked up and quite honestly it makes me a bit depressed at our current political state of affairs. It's all such a joke.

 




 Even fire rated bricks tend to crack over time when exposed to both fire and outdoor elements. For $6 they'll still probably get a lot of good use out of the pit, and from my experience even after the bricks begin cracking, people don't care that much as it's all about the fire. 


































 That single tall tree a bit from the left looks like it just gave up. 

"I'm this tall! I don't want to be any taller!!!" 




 Hi I'm Johnny Knoxville and this is the "Sweat Trap Bike Ride". 




 A CBO study in 2007 concluded:

 "The tax revenues that unauthorized immigrants generate for state and local governments do not offset the total cost of services provided to those immigrants"

Since then there has been a larger flood of illegals that can be considered 'dependents', so I believe it would be an even greater difference today.

[Source](http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/12-6-immigration.pdf) 




 He was wrong... But seriously, it's the US's fault that people don't want to live in Mexico? The Mexican Government is full of corruption, and Mexico was chaotic before the Drug War too. Shifting blame to the US is pretty uncalled for here. 




 It's not direct harm. But it is indirect harm as services are used for free that those legally here help pay for. It hits hospitals especially hard, and others are forced to pay more because of it. It's well documented and understood, and it's not fair to those who obey the laws. 




 If this happens I don't think Obama will be acting in the interest of the United States. Those who knowingly commit illegal acts that harm others (stressing US infrastructure in this case) should not be rewarded.

 




 There is an article somewhere online written by a hostage that was set free by ISIS. He was sold by the FSA (which is considered 'moderate' by the US) to ISIS. Later on he was held by a mix of ISIS and FSA fighters, and some of the FSA fighters told him they received training from the US military, and that they simply lied when they said they would not work with ISIS.

I truly believe the best thing to do at this point is support Assad in limited fashion, and setup ways to hold his soldiers accountable if any atrocities are committed after that partnership begins. 




 If people are willing to do the work and you aren't asking for an employee, but rather a service provider, why shouldn't they? Even though this 'ad' was a PR stunt... There are companies out there that do nothing but remote security system monitoring for businesses (even if not using their equipment). It's not inconceivable to think you could hire one for relatively cheap. 




 I would say don't do this. I work at a company where quite a few of my coworkers are timid/shy, and a couple of them have stared at my eyebrows before during conversation. It will make me seem more intimidating, because it makes me annoyed. Nothing is more annoying then talking to someone who is staring above my eyes, because it makes me self-conscious of whether I have a mark on my face or something.

My brother and I actually did this when we were younger to ANNOY each other. If you have a brother/close friend, try it. Hold a conversation with them but only look at their eyebrows. They will become very uncomfortable and/or angry. I guarantee it. 




 Hey, leave your love life out of this! 




 I have friends that hate on the US all the time, and in particular they repeatedly claim the US has the most violent cops in the world. They also say they want to move away from the US... part of me hopes they buy a ticket to a place like Brazil. 




 Balls of steel. At that point the helmet is really just for decoration. 




 Yes, but none were in circumstances to make me cry. All those that passed on were elderly and in failing health, so I think I was mentally prepared for it.

If a close family member killed themselves I think I would cry too. 




 You could take proactive steps that may help minimize the future progression severity: Eating healthier, sleeping healthier, exercising more, and staying mentally active. 
























 Let's keep this PG. 




 I think this is unfortunately a solid military strategy on the part of ISIS. People have seen what ISIS does to those who challenge it, so they will have little choice but to fight alongside ISIS. Now the non-extremists may no longer view the war as them against ISIS, but instead the US coalition against the people of Syria.

This is a terrible development. This is like an Arab version of Nazi Germany. 




 Get some framed posters perhaps? 




 It depends on the type of flash memory used and the amount of redundant storage in addition to the flash controller. I would presume Intel used high quality flash memory in this device alongside a much more robust controller than those found on USB thumb drives. Additionally Windows 8 has the ability to run with a different memory/service profile on small storage devices to help limit the amount of writes. 




 There is no way that has an mSATA controller, that alone would almost be wider than the entire device.

Instead it has expandable Micro SD card storage (and right now you can buy MicroSD cards with up to 128GB of space). Also in theory you could plug a thumb drive into the USB port (but it'd be ugly). 




 There are a lot of major earthquakes in that area historically. Including one of the largest which occurred in 1089AD:

*"William of Malmesbury writes that "all buildings were lifted up, then settled again as before", which does not indicate any damage. It is described as "very great" and "throughout England" by Roger de Hoveden."'*

http://web.archive.org/web/20110516173115/http://www.quakes.bgs.ac.uk/earthquakes/historical/historical_listing.htm 




 I'd really take this study with a grain of salt as they say. It only included 16 participants and it wasn't a double-blind study (the researchers knew while taking measurements which kids were in the extended swimming classes).

With so few participants it's difficult to say whether the impact of swimming was significant.  




 It's not uncommon in today's world to preserve a piece of a previous structure/building if it had fallen or been destroyed in tragic circumstances. Perhaps an earthquake caused a collapse that killed many important people?  









 When non-volatile storage nears both latency and bandwidth of the latest DDR* in production. Bandwidth still has a ways to go, but I could foresee it being doable at a commercial scale in the near future. Latency is an entirely different beast, and will require radical shifts from current consumer SSD tech.

Another factor is wear. RAM is nearly constantly shifted, written, and re-written. RAM doesn't degrade to any significant level with writes, whereas current flash memory used in SSDs does. So drive life is also holding today's SSDs back from threatening RAM. 




 The problem is that Agile was originally what companies/groups did to keep things moving quickly with minimal restrictions and form. Now in large corporate environments that switched to "agile", the walls are closing in because so many rules/guidelines are being enforced as to how exactly it must function... which goes against every reason the agile approach worked so well. 




 Not currently believed to be autoimmune related. Something as absolute as saying it's definitely not an autoimmune disease may be a bit too far for a disease with so many unknowns. 




 If that's the case then it's because you allow it to happen. Naturally there is some give and take with marriage, but if you are just dating, why allow yourself to be railroaded?

 




 I work with a lot of Turks, and they are truly scared of this man and what Erdogan is turning Turkey into. When I first started working with them 5 years ago they were happy for the future of Turkey as a secular state, but now whenever they talk about visits back home they tell me how freedoms are fading away and how people now hesitate to criticize the government in public due to fear of retaliation. 

It's a sad series of events, and I too worry that Turkey may be headed towards a path of further backwards "Islamification" of the state. In 20 years we may view the state of Turkey today in the same way we view the state of Iran prior to the Islamic "revolution".   




 Just 20 more Facebook likes and the war is over! 




 The fact that "pro-ISIS" rallies have occurred and are allowed in Europe boggles my mind. Waving an ISIS flag should be a crime of supporting terrorism. 




 It's only a matter of time before Muslim extremists provoke violent responses from masses of people without direct state support. When that moment comes things are going to get really intense. 




 Regardless I don't think that calls for name calling. You could have just downvoted the post without the insult towards the OP. 




 Nothing is beyond our reach. 




 Oil consumption is beginning to slow down across the world, yet more advanced/complex extraction methods are making more oil reserves available for refining/production. Most oil producing countries are still using older extraction methods, so if they shift to methods like fracking they can get even bigger 'slices of the pie'.

The US is also now the largest oil producer as well as one of the largest consumers. The US is extremely stable, so there is less likelihood of major shortages due to political/military events. This smooths the volatility of the developed world's oil supply. 




 For a long term investment I'd suggest putting funds into BP or Chevron stocks. They normally rise and fall with consumer demand and prices, and in the long term such low oil prices cannot last forever... There is bound to be a disturbance, or eventual supply shortage that causes prices to rise.

Additionally these companies are also working on alternative energy investments, so if the price of oil stays low for a long time they will likely boost their R D and alternative energy production and the stocks may increase inversely with oil prices down the road.

I'm waiting until oil gets towards $30, then I'm going to dump a lot of money into these stocks. 




 I wonder how economical such factories would be... I think they'd pretty much require initial state funding to even become slightly competitive when run by private parties. 

This is cool stuff regardless though, and I could see this LED based 'factory' tech eventually making its way to isolated villages or remote research stations such as those on Antarctica. But another major hurdle to overcome is that many of the places with food shortages also have power shortages. 




 I was preparing to be really really impressed. 
























 Does form count for extra points? 




 Oh for sure. It wasn't meant to be a blanket statement.

But that link you provided is about how Russia refused to share space technology with China's space program? That seems to provide further evidence of how many states are well aware and afraid of China's strong tendency to steal engineering plans for their own production. China is smart, and it's a great way for them to advance. But it certainly makes potential state partners very wary of working with the Chinese on anything cutting edge.. 




 That's a bit different though right? In the case of Russian spacecraft the US government was paying the Russian's for launch services, or the engines were being purchased directly from Russia. China in many cases will simply copy foreign tech after obtaining details specifications and engineering details via espionage, which is much less civil in my opinion. 




 Being cold in general also lowers the body's immune response does it not?  




 As someone who has autism and has read countless research papers on the subject, screw that anti-vaccine group. I wish we could somehow temporarily teleport them to the 1940s or 1950s. I imagine if they had their siblings, friends, and other relatives dying around them due to polio they'd change their tune pretty quick. 




 Breakthroughs in reconnaissance satellites could definitely make their way into civilian life.

It's a lot of money for the key hole program, but I think aerial/satellite surveillance programs are good investments for preventing more costly conflicts. 









 Not at all. But comparing a country's recent actions to another country's actions that took place long ago isn't a fair comparison when it fails to take into account the significantly different geopolitical atmosphere.

 




 Not in the lifetime of anyone still alive today.  




 That would burn. 




 Thanks! This was very to the point and now I'm definitely leaning towards 20% down over paying in cash.

Interestingly a few people have PMed me too with some other things swaying my decision. Mainly that if I use most of my funds in buying a house, I lose a lot of liquidity and may have to sell the house and pay rent again anyway if something unexpected sidelines me from earning an income through the workforce for a couple of years. Whereas if I have a mortgage, I still am sitting on considerable investments that could be partially cashed to weather unforeseen emergencies.

Thank you again! And to the others who offered advice =) 




 Over the last few years my returns on investments have averaged out to around 20%, but the market is still rebounding from the 2008 recession so I don't expect I'll see such high returns in the coming years. Historically it seems the stock market has been averaging a 6-7% yearly return, so that is what I'm anticipating for the future.

My expected interest for the mortgage is currently around 5% (I have 1 percentage point added on due to having no credit history).

The purpose for buying the house is simply as a place to live and unwind. A place I can call my own, instead of being at the mercy of a landlord. I am not buying the house itself for investment purposes. 




 I really like the idea of not having any monthly housing costs outside of taxes/insurance/maintenance by buying a house in full. Right now I'm paying $2,300 per month in rent, so having that extra $25,000+ in my bank account each year by buying in full would be significant. However after looking at 'interest tables' for my current investments and average historical market returns I see that over time the compounding interest on those investments can lead to values **significantly** greater than the cost of a mortgage on a $500k house over 30 years.

I'm 28 yrs old and I've never been in debt. Previously I thought buying everything in full was the best approach. Now I'm not so sure. An advice would be very much appreciated. 




 So basically it's like going back to the old west, minus all the violence and disease =O 




 Interestingly because guns are so prevalent so is the value of learning gun safety in communities. Gun violence in Idaho is relatively rare considering how many people own guns. 




 A great way to get IP information for usernames (being people will likely check their username first). Granted I'm sure it's less sinister, but the potential for some intelligence collection is definitely there. =) 




 Idaho is one of the most armed states in the US. It has the county with the highest gun ownership. Almost everyone has a gun. 




 Lots of flavors too! Kiwi is very popular and delicious. Lemon or Grapefruit are usually despised. For a while there was even a 'sparkling energy drink', but it seems to have gotten pulled. 




  Second, it is expensive and there is no reason for farmers to adopt these farming techniques as they are more expensive.

Perhaps in less developed countries, but in developed countries like the US, no-till drills like air seeders are becoming very desirable and cost effective. Mostly due to reduced fuel and labor/time costs by removing the need for plowing. 









 [Apocalypse Now - Ride of the Valkyries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKaYOW9zMoY)

Also... pretty much anything in Watchmen. 




 It was a dinner just like all the others, except this time it was filled with an aurora of hatred only known to one of the participants. Wally stared across the table at Clint, hoping for some flickering indication of regret of humanity. Wally and Clint had been meeting at this diner for the last 10 years. Best friends since grade school they enjoyed each others company even in silence But that was before Before Wally found out Clint was sleeping with Wallys wife, Bonnie. That was before.

Wally had spent the previous night restless, pacing back and forth contemplating his next move. Occasionally he would glance up at the shotgun hanging on the wall. A shotgun handed down to him through several generations of his family. There it hung, so peaceful, so tranquil. He grabbed it off the wall and went out on the porch. He made up his mind, his beautiful wife was everything, and Clint had taken her from him, so he was going to take Clints breath with the shotgun that lay on his lap. 
But then as Wally sat there, the sun began to rise, casting shades of orange hues across the crisp morning sky. This is beautiful. Clint said to himself. Thinking perhaps there was more beauty in the world to behold Wally walked back into his living room, and hung the shotgun back above the mantle. 

Back at the dinner, Wally wondered if he had made the right decision in sparing Clints life, in carrying on as though nothing had ever happened. He only wished there was some indication of regret on the part of Clint for his betrayal, yet he saw none. So deep within his own thoughts, Wally barely noticed at first the fly that landed upon the table beside his soup. But then it became his focus. This creature, so small, yet so intricate without any worries in the world... 

Look out Clint exclaimed as he eyed the fly and reached for a newspaper resting on the table. No, Wally calmly said as Clint raised the newspaper above the fly. Dont do it. Why, its only a fly? Clint asked. No replied Wally. Its beautiful.  The newspaper smacked down hard against the table. Other diners turned to see what the commotion was about. Then they saw the dead fly and returned to their own lives.

Wally finished his dinner with Clint, without another word spoken. As usual he paid his portion of the bill, and then Wally sauntered out of the diner and drove back to his house. He sat a moment in his idling car, and watched the wind blow across the tall autumn grass. He turned the ignition off, opened his door, and walked into his living room, and lifted the shotgun off the wall... 

--------------------------------

**Note:** Be gentle as this is my first WP. Integrating **first degree** (premeditated versus 'in the moment') murder into a story was an interesting constraint.
 




 Jesus Christ, this country almost looks like it is on its way to an all out race war. The tension keeps rising and eventually we'll probably start seeing revenge killings on both sides. So sad. 




 This has gotta be a remake/model of an original artifact. The base looks modern and there is no way such an ancient artifact would be stood up like that in such an uncontrolled environment. 




 It's difficult to comprehend just how fast and insanely awesome this aircraft is. At its top speed it is traveling over 3x the speed of a bullet leaving the barrel of a typical hunting rifle, or about the same speed as a bullet leaving the barrel of an M16. That's fast.  




 It seems to me like it's actually on the decline. I'm in the engineering sector and it's actually "cool" to work in a smart/nerdy field again, and young people are striving for knowledge and education like never before. 

Just look how many people stood up against SOPA and other similar attempts to cull/regulate free information and media. To me that's an intellectual fight, and young people are fully behind it.

I can totally see anti-intellectualism taking hold in older generations, but thanks to the internet and the awareness it provides to young people. I think the future for intellectuals in the US is brighter than ever. 




 I'm really hoping for a Netflix streaming release. It could forever alter how movies are released in the future.  




 Neat. 




 It's trying to entice you over to touch the forbidden fruit. 




 Who has magically disappeared? 

The only questionable death I'm aware of in recent years is that reporter who died in a car crash after working on leak stories. Even that is very inconclusive.

 




 When say a rapist is caught, tried, and thrown in prison, that's prevention against future crime. By your logic we should just release all violent prisoners because the cops made things worse by reigning them in. Genius.

Looking at your history I see you're mental and probably want to kill cops too. Get a life. 




 Well I hate to break it to you, but if thugs break into your house you won't be able to defend yourself with a keyboard. 




 Yes because cops obviously don't help society or people in need... You're an absolute idiot. 




 That's like telling people not to use Facebook and it's easy because they just have to get all there friends to switch too. 



















 "Commander sir? There is magic outside of my window again." 




 It's pretty easy, and it happens and is even broadcast across media on a higher level. All of that support going to the FSA and opposition groups in Syria is partly because they are ruthlessly attacking the bigger enemies like ISIS. Somewhere in Syria there is probably an intelligence agent overseeing "rebels" torturing and killing ISIS members. The thing is... I don't feel too bad for them. People probably felt the same way during the Vietnam war.  




 Or is it half-side up? 














 Usually no more than a foot in my region. Below that you can sometimes see goldfish swimming around (people dumped goldfish in some of the mountain ponds and amazingly they survived). 









 The ice freezes like this in the mountain ponds where I'm from when the wind is extremely calm or non-existent, and the temperature is relatively consistent between day and night (say 21F in the day and 15F at night).  




 Cool. Thanks Bud. 




 I can definitely vouch for the black area in central Washington state. There is a town there called Othello that is basically like Mexico. I stopped there this year while travelling and went to a Burger King, and none of the people inside working knew English and everyone was speaking Spanish. I tried to order something in English and got a confused look, and then told them the number I was trying to order and they still didn't understand. That's when a lady nearby stepped in and told them in Spanish, and then they figured it out... It amazes me that a franchise like Burger King doesn't require customer facing workers know English.

After that little bizarre event I drove around town out of curiosity and a lot of the signs were in Spanish as well, and I didn't see a single non-hispanic white outside of the gas station. It was like I was in the twilight zone. 




 Can't we just photoshop it closer and save NASA billions? 









 Sounds like neuromytonia and stress, which go hand in hand. You should stop googling ALS symptoms and start a health tracking journal. Also I would suggest asking your MD to test for ganglionic achr antibodies. If you have them you can take the immune therapy route and may be cured by spontaneous remission. 




 I thought this was /r/science, not /r/politics 




 "Because I'm tired of looking at them down here." 




 Sponsored by Autism perhaps? 




 You don't have to be in an organization to help guide it and interact with it. If I provided as little as $200k for equipment and operational costs, did you think they were going to ignore me?

It works the same way for the government. If someone were to give a senator a multi-million dollar donation, that senator then has a responsibility to look out for his/her donation supplier. If she or he does not, then they should not accept the donations in the first place. 




 There are crazies in most forums. I'm not in the organization but I've funneled some funds that way, and the contacts I have had made some great guarantees when it comes to keeping the active members sane.  




 I can almost "hear" the silence.  




 As depressing as the reports may be, I still have pretty high confidence that a solution will be found when things start getting really chaotic. If all the governments of the UN came together and set up an insanely massive reward for the first organization/government/corporation that can create a scalable CO2 scrubber, I think we'd stand a much better chance.

There aren't that many resources working on CO2 scrubbing technologies, because there is currently not enough economic incentive.  




 Oh yes I was absolutely making a generalization, but one I still believe to be accurate. As a generalization it certainly doesn't apply to all cases, such as yours and even mine to some degree. 




 The sample size is incredibly small for this study (20 people) so I'd take it with a grain of salt. The other thing I wonder about is whether the researchers provided a work space to the participants (ie: a job specific to the study), or whether the participants were monitored in their real-world work environment. If it's the latter, the study might be polluted by the work hierarchy. In my office building for example, I can tell you the successful people are more likely to have window offices and be less stressed because they generally aren't doing the frustrating "low level work". The lower level workers are more likely to have window-less offices and be more stressed... so I have a feeling if you moved those workers into similar workspaces, you'd still have distinct groups when it came to cortisol/stress levels, regardless of whether they had windows.

**Edit:** I'm not questioning the well known relation between sunlight and mood... Only the methods used in this study and their concluded level of impact. 




 It's not accessible via the internet in the browser sense, but for my private projects where I don't want to use VSO/GIT and still want to access them remotely, I just do so via Remote Desktop. It could be a similar option for you if you are using Windows clients. 
























 Regardless of what happened. When someone pulls a gun on you and does not seem to be an imminent threat, you DO NOT argue with them no matter how wrong you think they are. Someone pulling a gun like that in a situation like this probably isn't too stable, and the best thing to do is to move along and call the police. 




 Just about anybody that improves their diet, sleep and health habits will likely see both physical and mental improvements. 

This study seems a bit odd. Reported results were subjective, and there is nothing substantiating that the patients were not still at a major cognitive deficit. It seems to me it is less about 'reversing' Alzheimer's losses and more about reducing the number of other factors that lead to cognitive impairment (like stress, sleep deprivation, malnutrition, etc etc). 

 




 I have a neuromuscular disorder that causes severe pain and this is the way things are for me. I'm still quite young, but I don't feel things like I should because the background pain masks it. Somehow I recently got a gigantic bruise/abrasion on my leg that covered my whole thigh, but I have no idea when or how it happened because the pain never broke through the existing pain. It sucks. 









 There is a certain type of bot that is 100% indistinguishable from a human user when using Reddit. They cannot be feasibly detected outside of requiring non-software-trivial manual intervention (like captchas) on the part of the users of Reddit. Even then the captchas can be farmed out to real users for solving.

It's Reddit's Achilles heel. Such bots could network together or use embedded upvote/downvote logic to wreak havoc on Reddit. The "solution" would likely involve invasive captcha style validations paired with two factor authentication, but as a solution it also ruins Reddit simplicity in other ways. 




 Lakes like this can be so freaky and misleading when it comes to depth. I remember going to a clear alpine lake like this when I was a kid. Being a kid I had a little toy boat and had it attached to kite string so I could put it on the water and have it blow out towards the middle of the lake.

It only sank once, and it wasn't very far from the shore, out where I expected I could wade out and get it. But as I watched the crystal clear waters it kept sinking, and sinking... and sinking.  I watched it sink probably 15 feet all the way to the bottom. From the shore it looked like the water would only be a few feet deep. Nope nope nope nope. 









 Localized in the sense that it was not an organized group perpetrating the attack.
 
The Canadian attack was considered terrorism related because it was an attack against the government, and the ideology behind it was driven by a call from ISIS for lone wolf attacks against governments. It was not a hate crime.

The Australian attack was similar, and was directed towards the general public of a country labeled an enemy by ISIS. In that case too the man behind the attack was driven by ISIS, and even had victims hold up an Islamic State flag.
 




 Because it appears to be a localized hate crime. This should no more be considered a terrorist attack than if an atheist black man shot three white Christians because of their religion and race.

It's tragic, it's terrible, but labeling it a terrorist attack seems unfounded. Even if the races were reversed. 




 Windows Intune is for managing existing Windows systems in a centralized fashion. It is not a new form of Windows client or an "online version" of Windows. 
























 Not to my knowledge in terms of significant dietary methods, but I'm not too up to speed on that. I do know lots of supplements claim things that really haven't been substantiated well by evidence.

You can use coffee to get a small boost.

I think the best advice is to eat healthy and to stay active. 

 




 The news sources seem to have quieted down now and French TV stations are mostly back to original programming. I don't think this is a terrorist attack. Police at the scene also appear to be all to calm and not in defensive positions that would be expected if it were terrorism related. 









 At least he's honest. 




 Seeing those Japanese soldiers roaming the streets must have been absolutely terrifying to civilians. They look like invaders from another planet. 




 The West Coast doesn't even feel like it's part of the same world anymore. Over here for most of the region it's felt like spring/summer for over a month now. We're breaking heat records and many of the sky resorts are bare. It's hard to imagine the other side of the country is on the opposite side of the spectrum and in the dead of winter. 




 ELI5: Your body controls your desire to do things. But you have the ability to influence your body with your actions. By doing activities you enjoy and playing outside you may feel happier and more motivated to do the things you don't enjoy.

Better? =) 




 Cocaine and other stimulants work very well in increasing dopamine levels for a short while, but long term they will wreak havoc on the dopamine related systems (and others)... especially when you try to quit and your body is still expecting very high levels of dopamine (but has suppressed more natural production due to previous excesses).

I would definitely not recommend it. 




 It's due to levels of neurotransmitters in your brain changing due to large variety of physiological, environmental, and emotional factors. There are likely a lot of neurotransmitters in play that have a huge impact on motivation, but currently the most well-known is one called "Dopamine". 

People who have disorders involving dopamine regulation dysfunction (such as Parkinson's, some forms of Depression, MS, etc) have severe disruption in motivation. The lower the dopamine production/uptake, the lower the motivation. They lack what would be considered a normal motivation drive, and typically see improvements in this motivation when undergoing pharmaceutical therapy to increase levels of dopamine.

So what can you do to influence dopamine? Well, the field is still very young and is full of unknowns, but it seems that one way to increase dopamine in healthy individuals is to have them partake in activities they **enjoy**. Exercise also has an effect on dopamine levels and as a result may increase levels of motivation. 

So if you're feeling unmotivated, perhaps it'd be wise to spend some time among friends or go for a quick jog/walk/bike ride before returning to your work. It could have a very positive impact. 




 If we're talking about a legit murder weapon, then I'd have to go with the poison dart frog. It's silent, it's deadly, it's small, and it'd be hard if not impossible to trace. 




 Things are not so black and white (no pun intended). There are a lot of factors in play here, like how statistically blacks are more likely than whites to be living in a poor neighborhood. Living in a poor neighborhood usually means more police patrols, which means more arrests.

The title is FUBAR.  




 Do they though? Most of the people I know with BMWs are either young professionals or older individuals and take care of their vehicles. I see people beat the crap out of Audis a lot, but it's rare for me to see someone treating their BMW in any way that could significantly affect its future reliability. 




 Ah... Somebody has been using a clay bar =)

 









 I would be surprised if they weren't. My friend who's a mechanic says people give both Audi's and BMWs too much credit for reliability. Apparently they have a lot more problems than most other brands, but the difference is that the owners are usually wealthy and can afford to fix them 




 Are GameStop's really doing that bad financially? I live in a big city, but all the GameStop's in my area are usually pretty busy. 









 I'm curious to know if they continued followup of the rats after 10 weeks? I would guess not, as they were likely dissected. Prolific cancer seems to be one of the biggest hurdles/side effects of current experimental stem cell therapy. Is 10 weeks long enough to say the treatment did not cause cancer? 




 I would hope so for those that have little chance of coming out of it (like those facing medical issues or those who have lost all that is around them). I'd be curious as to whether addicts could use this as well... So many of them have zero hope and are essentially already taking their own lives in a slow manner that other people pay for...

In practice however I doubt there will be any approval for anything but terminal illnesses or those which are progressive and do not respond well to treatment. 









 Cool data, horrible visualization. =( 




 As automotive automation and natural language interfaces become more advanced it'll be interesting to see how much the common jobs change. Perhaps in 20 years this map would be mostly software developers.

 




 This isn't really something they can push things for that limit the cyber rights of citizens. This is a company that was attacked by hackers and it doesn't relate to NSA policies that people have grown to hate (and probably should).

I can see a few legislation proposals:

* Tougher sentences for those who hack with malicious intent
* Sentences for those who support those who hack with malicious intent
* More security assurances required by holders of large amounts of customer information
* Fines for companies found to lack sufficient data security

All of which I would support.  




 It's impressive how quickly they are shuttering Office Depot stores. One near me was open this morning, and then I drove by this evening and the windows were boarded up and all but the main street sign had been taken down. 




 That's what happens when you don't have a screen for a fireplace.  









 Saudi Arabia is what happens when a group like the Islamic State comes to power and people are no longer willing to fight it.

When the barbaric ISIS members behead people or cut off the hands of criminals in the street the world cries foul. When the Saudi's do it the world largely accepts it.

Saudi Arabia is the ultimate functioning terrorist state.  




 This seems very Google glass like. Very cool technology, but unlikely to be adopted by consumers barring some killer app.  




 It looks like you live inside of a lego. 









 This article doesn't have much backing evidence to suggest the downfall is imminent. In my area shopping malls were largely left idle and empty shortly after the 2008 financial collapse. However recently I've definitely seen a big uptick in the number of active stores and customers in the malls around my region.

If they are estimating the collapse based on the dwindling number of new malls being built that seems like a poor metric. Many of those malls built prior to 2008 were bad ideas, and now the backers realize that... so why would they build more? 




 Yep. Statistically Hispanics are not very wealthy in the US, but it's certainly not absolute. 




 There is a coalition already doing this. The US is performing most of the strikes, but additionally you've got Jordan, Saudi Arabia, France, Britain, Iran (coordinated through Iraq), among others providing support against ISIS. 




 Japan is one of the most technologically advanced countries in the world. It's time to share that technology with ISIS, in the most meaningful way possible: attacks from the sky.

If Japan does not retaliate militarily it will appear weak and frightened.  




 As virtual reality and robotic technology grows we'll probably see wealthy population fertility rates plunge much like in Japan. As sick as it is, it's bound to happen. Porn alone probably has a statistically noticeable effect on the amount people have sex with real people. 

HoloLens anyone? 




 I hope Japan unleashes hell upon these cowards. ISIS is now a direct threat to Japan, and should be decimated. 




 How the hell did this woman become a patrolling officer? This is the same woman who recently came under fire for lying about an elderly black man threatening her with a golf club (it was his walking aid), and she has had other incidents in the past.

She's on "administrative assignment" now. I support police... But god damn. Seattle: Take her off the force already, she has no business being there.  









 I'm surprised they ignored me as someone who sells plutonium down by the corner of 5th and Main.

Come on 56. Come on 56!

... I get very little correspondence.  









 Because of rising nationalism and the perception that people are willing to sacrifice more to expand their country. If he backs down now Russia will look weak, mostly because of the language used by both sides in their "demands". Russia leadership has to make it look like they've won something, and they likely bit off more than they can chew when they weren't satisfied with Crimea. If they lose ground Russia will appear weak and nationalism will fall, and meanwhile the economy will still be in tatters. 

I think they also want to make a strong statement for why Baltic states should not move towards NATO, and it's because of the threat of "separatism" (aka being invaded by Russia under a guise).  Imposing fear of demise (country, person or otherwise) is a tactic that works well. Just look at the case of former KGB agent that was poisoned with plutonium in Western Europe after publicly challenging Putin and his ways. You can bet your ass such people will now be much more hesitant to publicly criticize Putin if they previously served with him or were in a position of power.   



















 There is an old abandoned garnet mining town in Idaho where I used to go as a kid. It was pretty incredible, there were huge piles of discarded garnets just feet from the forest service roads. On field trips we'd load up solo cups full of shiny garnets and take them home much to the dismay of our parent's who would be finding garnets all over the house for weeks to come.  




 It's good to know that all of those Islamic Extremists walking out in the open and manning checkpoints during this video are probably dead or cowering in corners now. 




 Interesting, I did not realize this. They are also one of the biggest supporters of the new Iraqi government/military. I wonder where the bigger allegiance lies. 




 Doubtful. The Kurd fighters are skilled and dedicated, but they do not have very large numbers. Iraq would likely have support from Iran and other regional governments... Possibly even the US in a giant clusterfuck.

The Kurds would gain nothing by attacking the Iraqi government, and vice versa.  









 It seems as though they asked the question to randomly selected registered voters over the phone, along with a lot of other questions. If I were put on the spot and also a bit annoyed on the phone, my mind my go blank and I might mutter "I don't know" and the pollster would check a box and move on... even through I do know of quite a few living scientists. 




 Just looked at his wikipedia page... JK Simmons is one prolific worker! How the hell does he have time to do anything else =O  




 Interesting. I wonder how this will affect the job market. From my perspective things are starting to slow down in the engineering market, or at the least becoming saturated. When I used to do interviews as late as 2012 for my employer it became a bidding/benefits war to get the top talent... Now we often have many very high quality candidates to choose from that have been looking for work for months, usually after jumping ship from startups.

Even though those 100k IBM employees being let go surely aren't all engineers, it's gotta have some impact on that already changing market. It's going to be interesting times for sure... 




 There is a lot of infrastructure which is weak all over the developed world, and in the US for the electrical grid it's amplified by the vastness of the country. If someone wanted to do major disruptive damage to our infrastructure, it would unfortunately not be very difficult. 




 It's becoming clear that Russia is not going to back down. NATO really isn't standing up for Ukraine outside of harsh remarks. Even though Ukraine is not a member of NATO, the threat of Russian advancement and land grabs is a major threat to members, especially when it's done in a way that's so hard to prove (with Russia claiming the Russians there are "volunteers").

NATO should begin providing Ukraine with better defense and anti-tank equipment and if necessary more offensive weapons too. Russia is not going to wave the flag of surrender, so the best thing to do is forcefully halt the advance and deal with the consequences of previous incursions and land exchanges. 




 "Confirmed on twitter?"

That link isn't even the same thing. Their report says there were unconfirmed reports on twitter of an execution and the hostage situation is still unknown. Your "article" AND your spammy reddit submission from yesterday both stated that the hostages had been executed.

All your posts are for the same damn spam website.  




 Dude. Stop using the hostage situation as a way to spam your website to get more views... Yesterday you were wildly linking to your blogspam about the hostages both being executed, which was false and inappropriate. 




 Turkey was a Muslim nation/government done right... but for the last few years it's really been headed for the dumps. I hope the good people of Turkey will fight the government and push for a return of true secularism and freedom.  




 It's spam, and the OP is a horrible person for trying to get website views out of potentially traumatizing bit of information that is completely baseless at this point.

Look at the OPs history. All of his submissions are for this blogspam site. 




 *"unconfirmed reports on twitter"*. 

I don't see ANY reputable news source reporting on their deaths. Instead I see news reports about how Japan is still holding Skype talks with ISIS "representatives".

Their fate is currently unknown. 




 No. That's a ridiculously large amount of grain. It must be at a major port? We took in about 40 loads daily during the Summer with the average load coming out to around 700 bushels per truck (our trucks weren't semi's, but they were still fairly large). That comes out to 28,000 bushels per day. Let's say we had 60 days of loads coming in at that rate, though it was actually over a longer period due to different source regions and grain coming out of other neighbor's storage. That puts us at 1,680,000 bushels of incoming loads per summer.

According to Google the average weight per bushel of wheat is 60lbs, which gives us a grand total estimate of 100,800,000 lbs coming into the elevator (and also eventually leaving it) for a total of ~50,000 tons per year. That's a drop in the bucket compared to what your elevator has coming in. 

With the physics of heat and aging aside, one year at your elevator is equal to 60 years in ours. Which means we shouldn't have to worry about replacing out chutes until... oh... about the year 2240 =)

 




 Most likely the chutes are poorly engineered, and/or perhaps the metal is softer than it should be? My family has a grain elevator that has functioned with very high traffic every summer/fall, and spring. During the summer when everyone is harvesting, it's in constant use (neighbors use it too) from about 7AM to 11PM. 

It was built in the 40s, and I've never seen anything like the damage to your chute, especially after 5-10 years. Our chutes and pipes are shined up for sure, but structurally sound. Where was your chute located? At the end of a **very** large and high angled drop perhaps? 




 *Russian forces

They might as well be the Russian army, they are being trained, supported and supplied just as normal Russian army units would. 




 +1 for the GIF of SeaNilly being smited. 




 I think the major factor here is that with Glass the intention was to have it worn all the time... whereas this Hololens is more for special use scenarios where it can be more immersive.

I want to wear my VR at my choosing for fun experiences. Not be forced to wear it all the time and look like a dork just to get my moneys worth. 




 As much as I'd like to stick it to an advertiser, I choose to answer truthfully because unskewed data is a source of income for website/service owners who do provide valuable information.  




 Do you have more than just links to Google queries? I don't see any stories about crowds attacking and burning mosques.  




 Maybe they'll even get some picketers near the business just to spread the word to those who don't spend much time online. Though if the manager is really the nut job people are saying he is online, he'll probably shoot them, 




 Saudi Arabia's government should be the civilized world's and the United States greatest enemy if everything was based on principles. 














 "US elects new President. Nowhere to be seen." 




 It's awesome that it also worked on the mosquito species they tested, but I wonder how viable this is in terms of the amount of light/energy required? In their paper they describe the rough number of protons required... can someone provide an equivalent  measurement in laymen's terms? 




 I see them popping up all over in bigger cities, almost to the point where I wonder about credentials, as they are even showing up in small strip malls.

For most smaller towns however urgent care facilities are usually shared with the ER. It can be confusing because if it's past hours or you don't explicitly request urgent care, you will be charged ER rates. 





























 It's so much of a ripoff of YouTube that when YouTube adds a new feature like playback speed control, it gets added to YouKu within a few days. 




 3AM is is really early in the evening. Where's your god now?!?! 




 Yeah but it's at 108,201 right now. What if I' 




 On the farm we used to use an unintuitive tactic to get metal fittings unstuck when we didn't care whether they came out damaged. You'd take the welder and put a bead all around the inner side. As it cooled the hot ring of welding material would contract and often the fitting would pop right out. It was really cool 




 Just imagine how awful that elevator ride would be with a hangover. 




 Are you sure? They may have said the same thing if they were safe at home too. War tends to bring evil out of people where it could not be previously imagined. 




 I grew up on a farm, and I still very vividly remember our chemical sales rep telling me it was safe to drink after I asked him whether it was dangerous. I of course didn't drink any of it, but that's not something you should tell a kid. Either they were so brainwashed they believed it to be true, or they were out right lying to us. It still bothers me thinking about it today. 




 If a mother is/was taking antibiotics while pregnant I presume it also affects what kind of gut flora is introduced to the infant during birth?

I'd be curious to see studies investigating the sterility of birth facilities and/or mother antibiotic use in relation to autism rates.  




 After you're done with that can you come wrap your big arms around some of the stumps in my yard and pull them out of the ground too? 




 I'm currently renting a house up on a hill with a lake and city skyline view in a really wealthy neighborhood. The house is much older than those around it, and my previous landlord sold it last summer to a guy that plans to build a mansion on it starting in June. When he came over to check out the view, he was annoyed that the neighbors chimney and part of the roof obstructed some of the view. So he bought the neighbor's house, and is going to tear it down so he can have a better view.

I make a reasonable amount of money through my salary and investments, but this guy is rich like I've never seen before.

 




 With all their hot air they won't need to use helium!

I'll let myself out. 









 So glad I clicked one of the related videos: [Benny the Bull takes over a cooking show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4sZ6IBreZc) 




 I wouldn't necessarily be for moving specifically towards Iran, but I do wish our government would align with those who more closely aligned with our principles. Saudi Arabia is just about one of the most misaligned countries in the world.

Strategically keeping an alliance with Saudi Arabia is important. But ethically... Fuck them. 




 I think it's due to Russia. Now it's more important to have more friends than it is to have the ability to crush and restrain potential enemies. I suspect we'll see a push for an alliance with the Syrian government sometime in the not too distant future just to counter Russia's growing friendship there. 









 Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse... comes the sequel: "Bedtime: The Concussion".  




 Let's not be too quick to judge those responsible for such bureaucratic failures... I mean who among us has not lost track of a gigantic cargo transport jetliner before? 




 I personally believe that whole "asteroid mining" operation Planetary Resources isn't far behind. They are doing great work in advancing some key space technology, but their charter of mining asteroids seems like a market gimmick. Yet people buy it up and throw them funding every time a new article pops up about the mining of the future. 









 From the way they are handling him in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBGHLPzuSAk feature=youtu.be) and based on descriptions it seems like it may have just been severely mentally unstable person having a breakdown. In which case I could see multiple reasons why they wouldn't called it an attempted hijacking... Mainly that the airlines don't want to spook passengers of other flights, and because if it's mental illness they may not want to label him a hijacker and make things worse for whatever he's going through. 




 It's free, with the caviate of sponsored links/ads. They aren't intrusive at all however.

I'd recommend using Mint.com to anyone that wants to track their finances. You can also hook your investment accounts into it. 




 This cat seems to be broken. 




 A sponge that's been cleaned with another sponge of course. 




 There is a much cheaper solution. Installing posts on with a height marker spanning between them, much like those before fast-food drive-thrus. That way there is a non-destructive warning instead of disaster with that stationary guard.

Surely it's worth the cost. The liability alone for the city must be huge without it.  




 The options seem limited. The police can pull out to fortified positions and let the protesters potentially cause mayhem and destruction, or they ensure no protesters are on the street by implementing a curfew and also cracking down on congregating groups. They probably won't be exclusive either...

I really don't foresee anyway this will deescalate without some form of martial law. 









 I find it fascinating that "respect your elders" would have at one point included a lizard. My great great great great (continued)... was a lizard. 




 I'm here to help. 




 I think he's just pissed that when he went out to the dumpster he couldn't find all the free games he expected.

I wanted to see the video end with someone off-screen shouting "Hey! What are you doing back here?!?!" and then chasing him off down the street. 




 Maybe the Squirrel Republic will fight back and one day OP will have a knock at the door and open it to find a gigantic squirrel fashioned out of nuts. 




 Do you have that baseboard heater turned off? If not you may wake up much warmer and flamey than you'd like to be. 














 He totally sounds like Cricket from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. 




 Yeah, like that minor turbulence flight MH17 hit over Ukraine. 




 If you are both running Windows 7 or above. for media you can use the built-in remote streaming options in Media Player: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/stream-your-media-over-the-internet-using-windows-media-player 

For sharing files and space on Windows, you can go the simple route of enabling the FTP feature. It's pretty old-school, but it works, and you can combine it with disk quotas to ensure your friends don't hog all your space. You can find very rudimentary instructions for enabling ftp here: http://www.programmerfish.com/how-to-make-local-ftp-server-in-windows-7/ 




 "Dad?!? Why are you are you smearing bacon grease all over the door handles?" 




 Successfully accomplishing nothing with style. 




 I think it's a trade off between the risk you're willing to take. To get those kind of returns in the current market you'll likely need a somewhat aggressive fund, which presents a relatively high risk. The past few years have offered great returns on most mutual funds, but I think things are starting to slow down and volatility is returning.

If you own the property and it's insured, your risk there is low, assuming you can continue to find renters. What region is the property in? I'd suggest checking out a site like Zillow to get property value estimates and see what kind of appreciation is occurring in your market area. If appreciation is high, you'll get multiple bonuses... As home prices go up generally rent prices rise as well due to higher demand, and of course you'll be able to get a better return when you do choose to sell. 




 It's also tax free, so it's the route that should always be taken in contrast to the indirect method of selling your stocks and buying more in another account (which will cost you a big hit).

Not all funds can be transferred in this way however. I'm not sure about the exact definition of what can or cannot be transferred through ACATS, but in the past my transfers from one brokerage to another did not allow some foreign stocks from a mutual fund to be transferred. Those foreign stocks had to be liquidated, and the funds transferred separately. 




 The SEC really cracks down on that type of thing with fines and/or jail time. I'm sure there are stock advisers that do this, but it would not be trivial for someone with a high profile to do it without getting caught, or at the very least investigated. 




 I think for some this could be even more traumatizing, so care should be taken to ensure such a gift won't cause more breakdowns. For example my great grandmother had Alzheimer's, and as it advanced she lost more and more recent memories, including the death of her husband. When she'd see a picture of him, or hear his name, she'd become excited and ask for us to call him and have him join us (at family dinners). She'd be so persistent that she'd have to be reminded he had passed away, and each time it was like she was being told for the first time.. it was very traumatizing. We tried to keep discussions relevant to current events in order to avoid such triggers. I think in cases like hers, providing photos of the past may be better off avoided. 




 I'm fine with batteries losing efficiency with charge cycles over time, as it's a limitation of today's current technology and there is no way around it. But I'd like to be able to replace those batteries once they do become severely degraded. Having to buy an entirely new device just because the battery isn't removable seems so silly (outside of the business sense). 




 I wish phones/devices with non-removable batteries would get the same scrutiny. Even though I know I'll upgrade my phone a year or two after I buy it to stay up on the latest technology, I hate the fact that with many devices I am **forced** to buy a new model simply because the battery will be degraded so much it'll be unable to hold a decent charge. 









 Maybe I'm just cynical, but your account is only 10 days old and most contributions are related to electric vehicles and also investing in general... This seems like a pump-and-dump, and I think people should be extra wary of this rumor. 

Many people owning Tesla shares are financially worried about the Apple electric vehicle news and what it means for the future of the Tesla stock, and because of that I think we'll see a lot more false rumors on the horizon in an effort to inflate Tesla prices so major stock holders can jump ship or re-balance with Apple. 




 Why such a large CPU cooler? 




 I had a TV when I first moved out on my own that had a broken power switch, and occasionally it would get stuck when I turned it off and release at a later seemingly random time. When it did it would turn the TV back on to the antenna source, and I didn't have an antenna hooked up. So I'd wake up and hear static, and walk down to the living room to see the TV on lighting up the dark room. Even after I realized what was happening it still freaked me out, there were multiple times where I'd be so freaked out that I'd just turn my lights on, close the door, and go to sleep with the TV still on downstairs. 




 Keep in mind this was filmed for propaganda reasons to get more exposure for ISIS. By sharing the video on Reddit you are playing into their cause, no matter how inept their fighters really are.  




 ... Ryan? Ryan is that you? 




 Don't be silly... I certainly wouldn't make demands:

* All those bugs assigned to me? Make them go away!
* Flighting participation statistics? Give me 100% participation and 168 hours a week per machine.
* Standing at the Starbucks coffee machine waiting for the beans to be ground? No thank you, not for me. On-demand coffee delivery.

... that's just not me. 




 For Windows 8 and above, Defender shares the same common antimalware platform as MSE (meaning they offer the same protection). Defender is all you need.

But if you are on Windows 7 or below, MSE is the way to go. 




 Where is the 'delete all' button?!?!?!? 




 The Windows Defender team is rather small, and I am also on it... I'm not sure how to feel about this. Let's make a pact to never look at each others Reddit history for the sake of sanity.

But hello co-worker! Good to know I'm not the only one on our team guilty of browsing Reddit in the middle of the work day.

 




 You wouldn't have to exterminate all the mosquitoes to eliminate the threat to humans. There are many species of mosquitoes that do not feed on humans. From my perspective the next big breakthrough in mosquito control will come via genetic engineering, which will only affect specific targeted species.  














 I had a friend that did this, except instead of glass it was his bare ass.  After screaming his brother's name at the top of his lungs, the brother that was asleep raised his head straight up into a face full of dirty bare ass.

They were teens at the time, and they continue to provide awesome brotherly antics even into their 30s.  




 Thanks. Much better source. The OP's link leans towards blaming the police as being the culprits. They left out a lot of important information, including statements from the family saying she was unstable. 




 countercurrentnews.com? That sounds like a completely trustworthy and unbiased source. They might as well be the onion. 














 I started tracking my sleep 2 years ago along with other health indicators so I could better make 'tweaks' and see a response in the data. Right now I'm at 5.6 hours of sleep on average (and that's with a few nights of 8 hours in there too) for the last 14 days, which is nearing an all time low. Now I'm paranoid about the lack of sleep and being unable to get back on track... which makes me more paranoid that I won't be able to fall asleep, and therefore I can't fall asleep easily due to the anxiety. 

I think the worst thing someone can do for sleep is to start to worry about the sleep. It's what always sets it off for me. If I don't have to wake up at a specific time for work or an appointment it's a lot easier for me to fall asleep, but the moment I have an upcoming responsibility that's dependent on getting a good night of sleep, everything goes to hell in a handbasket.

If anyone has any tips for avoiding negative thoughts about sleep, that'd be awesome. 




 I'm on the team of a prominent software company that develops  prominent security software, and as such I have access to articles and the latest research in the security inner circles. Most of the news reports concerning this malicious firmware are inaccurate due to misunderstanding in both the general media and the general population.

This is a targeted attack, not an attack that affects everyone with a recent hard-drive. This is malicious firmware being flashed onto the devices AFTER manufacturing and packaging. Not during. This isn't the first time we've seen such malware, the difference this time is that the targets are so clear. What's happening here is that there is a middle-man between shipments from the hard-drive manufacturers and/or the retailers selling to the governments in question.

It takes a lot of resources to intercept drives, flash them, re-package them, and send them on their way. It's also possible a 'fake' seller/retailer has been granted sale contracts to these governments. The common user has no reason to worry, unless they work for the Russian government in a high profile position.  




 In the absence of war crimes and if the citizen is not aiding an enemy of the United States (which would be considered treason) it is legal. 

http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/959 




 Found the wet blanket. 




 You could say he really... schooled her...


^I'll ^show ^myself ^out. 




 At least they don't have to worry about the nightmarish itchiness. Seriously I wouldn't want to enter a house like a grain bin just because of all the horrible memories of suffering... No thanks! 









 Maybe it was a red cell operation, or just a citizen concerned with how vulnerable transmission lines are...

We cannot switch to a decentralized grid fast enough. I really really hope energy storage and solar takes off on a per-home basis, because our current power grid is a pending disaster. 




 I love the fear you can hear in their voices and the overall ominous feel as they know they can do nothing to stop the punishment they so deserve.  









 The title is Fubar. I work at a prominent software company on a team that develops prominent security software and systems. Whatever the system is, they are not going to be able to use it to pull password DBs and protected pages out of thin air or encrypted communications. 

What I suspect this is, is simply a monitoring system on an existing surveillance network, where the new tool crawls sites that are revealed through non-tunneled or encrypted requests. It's definitely not going to kill the 'dark web'. It'll just make it easier to discover criminal sites where the addresses were previously not revealed outside of the user base. 




 They may have been despised because they were so successful. People thought they were pushing non-Jews into poverty. The current extremist Muslim situation is much different, people despise them because they are killing and terrorizing citizens of their countries... not because they believe they are pushing others into poverty. 




 I have over a dozen speeding tickets (most minor speeding and never in a truly dangerous area) in the US and get pulled over a lot because my license plate will often become unreadable after driving on dusty roads. All but one officer has been extremely polite to me, and that includes city officers in addition to sheriffs and State Patrol. 

Most of the US videos I see where the officer is being an 'asshole' the person with the camera is not being polite either. Saying "am I being detained" over and over is not going to result in a polite conversation. I think with cops in pretty much any developed country, if you treat them with respect, they will treat you with respect. 




 Pretty soon these terrorists will get what they want, more conflict, but god I hope they are crushed without mercy when the masses of people begin to rise up and exterminate them. 









 "Arrrgh then me wakes up in a cold sweat." 




 Do Keurig cups provide the same type of benefits? Or would this be only something you'd get from freshly brewed coffee from whole beans? 




 I think OP's Mom would probably prefer chocolate.

Heyooooo. 









 One. A man named Owen who leaves behind his wife and seven children. 

There is more information about the family here: http://www.gofundme.com/OwenMurnion 









 How awkward would it be if it were 4 Yays and 1 Nay. 




 Terrifying in duration no doubt. This is over in seconds, bombings in WWII would last much longer with more intensity. It'd probably sound like freight trains crashing all around you, with smoke, choking dust, and fire thrown into the nightmare.

Even being underground would be horrendous. Hearing debris from the ceiling fall all around with a constant rumble and shaking, unaware of whether the next shell would land on top of you and bring the entire structure down. 
























 People should find his massage mobile and get a massage and then ask him if he knows what civil disobedience is... right before walking out the door without paying a dime. 




 For the sake of humanity that guy should stand out in the street more often. 




 I'd strongly suggest investing in Intel. With the new processor releases and those on the horizon targeting mobile, they're likely to take significant market share away from their rivals producing ARM based processors.

I've invested a large amount recently with intention to pull it out when it reaches near 40. 




 Those that are prosecuted are probably forced into a gag order, so it's unlikely we hear of all the bad results from non-anonymous disclosures. 




 The "world community" considers it unethical, but those performing the research/cloning would likely be governments and make themselves immune from their own laws. 




 Russia is really pumping up the anti-US sentiment. This week they also warned Russians travelling abroad to watch out for US teams that "hunt Russians". It's a cold war tactic. 

Perhaps some of the social media companies being targeted should cut service to Russia and announce they cannot comply with the data rules, and therefore are removing their services per Russia's request. Russian citizens would likely direct their outrage towards the Russian government at that point, and the social media companies could re-emerge in the Russian market victorious. 









 The Saudi's probably won't lash out after this being their government shares much of the same ideology as the Islamic State, and IS struck a religious minority within Saudi Arabia. If Islamic State were to obtain their goals and become a state, it would probably look a lot like Saudi Arabia (where amputations and beheadings are already carried out routinely in public to scare the population into submission). 




 Less than 24 hours isn't nearly enough time of advance notice on mass media if you want a lot of people to attend your rally. Not only do people have to make the decision of whether they want to go or not, they'd also need time to plan for it.

If you want a real protest call it something like a "Rally for US" or "Rally for Freedom", and start spreading information about which cities are selected for demonstrations, at least a week in advance (even if the bill passes by then, with a big enough protest it's possible the demonstrations will spark calls to revoke the bill from within the senate).

Make those on social media feel like they 'are' the rally movement, and not just merely invited to someone else's party.

And last but not least, make sure you get volunteers to bring food. Protests will never last long without food vendors. Iron fisted governments target food vendors with high priority when looking to quell a protest, but I suspect you will not have that issue in the US.

Good luck. :) 




 Depression seems common in many degenerative diseases. I have an unnamed autoimmune based neurodegenerative disease and have spent a lot of time with specialists, and a couple have mentioned that the most prominent signs they see preceding significant cognitive decline due to neurological disorders are sudden severe depression and also changes in the ability to judge the passage of time.  




 This one still cracks me up: [Benny the Bull takes over a cooking show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4sZ6IBreZc) 




 Can confirm they don't work in Seattle either.  




 Haven't you heard of the large farticle collider? 




 Am I misreading? Or does this keep tissues from aging as quickly, as opposed to actually reversing damage? 




 Source?!? 




 How did you find a place on the planet Mercury? 




 I've never seen or heard of any truckers doing this either, and I know a lot from where I grew up. I think it's completely false information. To a trucker, a ticket should be avoided at pretty much any cost, and additionally no long haul trucking company would allow their drivers to do this. The potential damage to the tires alone would make it ridiculous. 




 Got it. Sorry if my response seemed terse. Protecting one's hearing should be an absolute priority regardless of tinnitus causes. 




 In older age, would the nerves be able to make much sense of the information? As this only replaces the lenses, the nerves would still be in their natural state, and it's my understanding that one significant cause of poor vision in the elderly is natural nerve degradation. 




 Many cases of tinnitus are idiopathic (unknown cause). Hearing damage due to loud noises is not always to blame. 




 Military spending in China has exploded in recent years as have capabilities. You can still have a massive military buildup without a massive increase in the number of soldiers. If anything it seems that the weaker the military tech, the more soldiers a country has. 




 Someone once told me "I'm amazed at how far you've gone with your life", but it was said in such a condescending way. I'm still not entirely sure if they were trying to get on my nerves, or if they actually meant well. 




  "The US Bureau of Labor Statistics lists that 915,000 people are employed in motor vehicles and parts manufacturing. Truck, bus, delivery, and taxi drivers account for nearly 6 million professional driving jobs. **Virtually all of these jobs will be eliminated within 10-15 years, and this list is by no means exhaustive.**"

This seems incredibly unlikely. Even if fully automated cars/trucks are commonly available by them, the switch is still going to be very gradual. A lot of people will still want their own cars even if they're automated, and it will likely take decades to transition there. Delivery companies don't have unlimited capital, and there are a lot of small companies out there, they aren't going to just switch the moment automated trucks become available.

I look forward to automated cars/trucks, but let's be realistic about it. 




 This is something I'd probably join a protest for, and I'm mostly against a lot of today's protests (not necessarily because of the ideas, but the lack of usefulness and structure).

Civil forfeiture has been used by the government as theft, plain and simple. For all of the publicized cases, just imagine how many unpublicized cases are sitting in the dark. 




 That's in reference to the upgrade from Win Phone 8.1 to Windows 10. Carriers choose when to push that update to existing users, but after that they are no longer in such control. 




 I'd love to see dedicated and potentially elevated bike routes developed in cities like Seattle. I'm an avid biker, and love riding on the weekends on trails, but even still there is no way I'd feel confident enough to get on one of the existing 'bike lanes' along the busy road. I'm sure if cities developed bike routes where riders didn't have to worry about crossing and riding alongside car traffic, the number of riders biking to and from work would explode. 




 Shit. I hope I never accidentally puncture my Comcast router. 




 Looks awesome. 

Will you be using the storage tanks for drinking water too? If so you may want to check with the feed store, they look like poly tanks. While growing up out in the country years ago, we had a neighbor who wanted to setup poly tanks from the feed store for drinking water, but was told they are unsafe because chemicals leak out and they are often treated with fire retardants. It's probably fine, but you may wish to dig for a little more info about the tanks.

Edit: I should mention they did eventually setup poly tanks, but they had to get tanks that were certified to be safe for drinking water.  




 Unfortunately a lot of bacterial diseases are headed in this direction. The effective antibiotics left to treat them usually come with super high cost and very unwelcome side effects. Additionally there is a rather scary scenario where a previously antibiotic resistant infection responds to a different class of antibiotic, but by then it results in an opportunistic infection with resistant c. diff. bacteria. C.Diff bacteria is now highly resistant to antibiotics and kills more than 30,000 people each year in the US alone. 




 And here I am happy with myself if I can make it to the front door with all the grocery bags in one trip. 




 The title is poor, I clicked through expecting it to be some article related to general business through the internet. 

ICANN is out of control and actually destroying the open nature of the web in my opinion, and it's making TLDs a joke. Google for example bought ALL the rights to .app domains. Nobody else can use them because ICANN is preferring big business over individuals. It's a step in the wrong direction and now everything is a mess. 




 It's going to get a whole lot worse too. The condo/apartment construction boom is far out pacing the growth of traffic capacity.

I moved to the Seattle area 10 years ago and it used to be smooth flowing traffic on the Eastside for the most part. Now it's a crawl. In Newcastle they are building a 900 unit condo/apartment complex without any major road modifications. 5 years from now we will likely look back on today's traffic with fondness =( 




 -Floyd Mayweather. 









 It's the truth. The last time I committed a random murder I got away because I did all these things! Nobody even knows I committed...

^Shit. 




 Even if this misleading stat were true, it's a lot easier to expand an existing college campus than it is to expand a prison. Creating an entirely new university due to saturated capacities makes much less economical/administration sense than creating new prisons when they reach capacity.  For the most part, college campuses are continuing to expand across the country. 




 I grew up on a farm and was told by the chemical reps that Roundup was perfectly safe, so as a kid I was sent down into the canyons near our farm to spray out Canadian Thistles with a backpack sprayer full of roundup. Sometimes I'd come back soaked with it from blowback that came from the nozzle. I now have a lot of health issues, and it's clear Roundup is not as safe as Monsanto claims... but I had extremely heavy exposure as did my siblings and neighbors, and there were no acute effects from it. I find many cases of children dying from being near sprayed coca plantations in Columbia unlikely. If it's true children are dying near the sprayed coca, it must either be from something else besides Roundup, or they are being exposed to heavy quantities of Roundup in some other way. Getting caught in the spray from a helicopter/plane is not that much exposure. 




 Maybe she likes what she does? If she worked 60 years as an operating room nurse and didn't make any major financial mistakes I'm sure she'd be wealthy enough to retire. Thankfully nurses and those in healthcare get paid quite well, especially those in the operating/emergency departments. 




 Keeping the mind busy and feeling like you're contributing something seems to have a major impact on longevity and health.  




 Aging sucks =\ 




 Jesus. Everybody in the initial situation lacked street smarts. If you see people fighting/arguing without many other bystanders around, standing in the middle of the street and recording them, and then being somewhat verbally combative with them is not a smart move. It's likely only going to escalate the situation.

It seems pretty common for people to get into arguments near  bars when I'm in Idaho, and when that happens I'll just chill inconspicuously nearby either alone or with friends. In almost all cases either the argument burns out, or the cops come... But if I were to stand in the street obviously filming them when they were already running on adrenaline, nothing good is going to come of it.

Hopefully this guy now knows he shouldn't try the 'in your face' type filming he does with police; with ordinary people already distressed... without expecting escalation. 




 No luck for me. Was your tinnitus associated with loud noises? Mine is related to brain damage and the drumming didn't seem to cause any change. 









 I tend to work late hours, so most of my 'free time' is at the end of the day.  I was also moving between high population areas, so I preferred to drive the U-Haul truck at night when traffic was almost non-existent. 




 I'm not a cop, but a few years ago when I was moving into a house I was doing most of my moving late at night. The nosy old couple across the street kept calling the cops and reporting suspicious activity.

The first time the cops showed up they were prepared for a criminal (hands on guns, flashlights in my eyes). But by the 4th time they just BSed with me and finally told the couple to stop calling the police.

I'm not sure what made the couple think burglars would bring stuff into the house instead of taking it out. 




 If you look up specs for your SSD you'll see the data retention rate in the spec. For consumer level drives it is typically 3 months. For example here is a spec for Seagate drives: http://www.seagate.com/www-content/product-content/ssd-fam/600-pro-ssd/en-us/docs/100727924b.pdf . Section 2.1 lists the data retention rate.

As far as how the data is lost, assuming manufacturing quality is generally consistent across the drive... you'll theoretically lose the cells with the most write cycles first. Most consumer drives store 2 bits per cell, so you'll be losing 2 bits at the lowest level, but depending on how the flash controller is designed you'll likely be losing larger blocks of data once you hit the data retention threshold under the right conditions.

Most people will likely be able to store the data for years without problems. The data retention period is basically what the manufacturer is guaranteeing with their spec before they see any risk. 

**Edit:** I looked up a Sandisk whitepaper about a controller  (http://www.sandisk.com/assets/docs/NetApp%20Write-Intensive%20SSD%20White%20Paper.pdf) and it has a good write-up about data retention:

 We work closely with OEM partners to provide needed device-replacement guidance, as well as information
related to expected data retention (that is, how long the flash media can retain data before it becomes
unreliable). It is important to be aware that there is a limited data retention period once SSDs have been
removed from service (that is, powered off). Retention is also dependent on operating and storage temperatures
and the endurance remaining on the device when it was taken out of service. Although the data retention
period for some HDDs can be measured in years, SSD retention is more typically measured in weeks or days
once the device is powered off. The Lightning Write-Intensive SAS SSDs are capable data retention of 90 days
at end of life 




 They still have some lesser-known hurdles to overcome, most consumer drives have a relatively low data retention period of ~3 months. What is a "data retention period" for SSDs? It's the length of time the manufacture claims you can have an SSD powered off before it'll begin to lose data.

Unlike mechanical magnetic hard-drives, today's SSDs need to be periodically powered on or else they will begin to lose data. I don't think many people realize this, even those using them in enterprise solutions. So mechanical hard drives won't be able to be replaced by SSDs at the consumer level for all scenarios, until consumer SSDs data retention rates improve, even if SSDs are eventually cheaper. For this reason, we probably won't be seeing any trustworthy external backup drives using SSDs for a long while. 




 My only other option is satellite, and due to the high latency that'd really limit what I can do. I like Comcast service when they aren't being so snakey. 




 They are the devil when it comes to making money without caring about individual customers. They charged me $50 for a "tech visit" when the cable to the house wasn't working. The line to my lot had been physically disconnected and it wasn't my issue, but they charged me for it. When I called I spent almost an hour talking with support to get it removed, and finally after saying no repeatedly they said they'd drop $20 off the charge like they were doing me a huge favor.

Fuck Comcast. 




 Win2k8 is Vista Kernel, Win2k8 R2 is Win7. 




 Being stood up on a first date. I've had a lot of very successful dates, but just thinking about the two times I got stood up makes me feel awful. Even if they claim the next day that they fell asleep, it's still a piercing dagger through the heart of self-esteem. 




 It's the same maneuver he pulls at the office when somebody is about to take the last cup of coffee. 




 Not really, it wasn't a very serious relationship so I wasn't very tied to it. When we went out she wasn't hitting on other guys, so there was little for me to be insecure about. As far as the money goes, sure she may have made more in a short period of time, but my career has continued to grow and I have my sights set on launching a startup company. Feeling emasculated by comparing my income to hers wouldn't be reasonable considering we were both going down different paths. 




 haha. No she didn't, she just danced I'm pretty sure.  




 I'm friends with a girl who cammed, and she probably made more than me, and I'm making a very decent living. We dated/hung out for a while and I helped her get her own website up where she'd direct viewers from her cam shows... Some days she'd spend an entire afternoon/evening cam'ing and make several thousand dollars.

Eventually she stopped because she wanted to be a good role model for her young daughter (though it's not like her kid was around when she was on the cam), but I'm sure she made well over two hundred thousand in a relatively short period of time, because she bought a condo in downtown Seattle. It was crazy. It was also awkward at times, because here I was working my career and saving for a house, and she was pretty much getting more money thrown at her for talking and dancing at home... But I don't hate on it, it's a much much safer way for a girl to make quick money than some of the alternatives, especially if they are smart about it. 




 The most powerful tyrant would be able to convince the people to vote out his foes. 




 I still have a very diversified "portfolio" outside of MSFT, and from my perspective if MSFT suddenly tanks then there is probably something very significant happening with the economy and it's unlikely I'd be any safer in other dividend stocks. 




 I may be bias because I'm an employee, but MSFT is my go to dividend stock, followed by Johnson   Johnson.

Growth is all about timing, so I don't really have a favorite.  I don't like taking major risk, so my 'growth' stocks may not be viewed as such by everyone. But lately I've had a lot of stock in Disney for growth, though it's slowing down and I'm looking at energy related stocks as replacements. 




 Not seen are the plug-ups of frustrating despair. That soil and dampness is just about perfect in the gif.  




 In their early/mid 20s I think people still believe they can get super rich by putting in great day-to-day work at a very well established corporation. By their late 20s and early 30s it begins to become clear that those dreams are rarely reached unless you're willing to work there until your 40s or 50s. When that realization is hit I think most people will either quit to create/join a startup, or de-emphasize work and focus on their personal lives instead. 









 Whichever nation first begins to successfully tweak genes prior to birth will likely be the forefathers of Earth's future dominant species. 









 There are a lot of illnesses out there that attack the nerves and can cause temporary paralysis, one of the most well known being "Guillain-Barre Syndrome". People with GBS can be fine one week and paralyzed the next, only to recover days or weeks later. 

Unfortunately however, neurology is still a very young field and there are many unknowns still out there. I was partially paralyzed in 2012 after having a year of slowly progressing neurological issues and spent a month in the hospital. The paralysis went away but the other issues continue. Tests were run daily, experts from universities came in, yet nobody was able to determine the exact cause. It's crazy. 




 The impact of this could be huge. Nearly a million people are estimated to die from HBV each year, and many many more likely undergo chronic suffering related to the havoc it wreaks on the body. A cure would give so many people their lives back. 









 Far more people have died in the Mexico drug war in the last 8 years, than people have died in the Afghanistan war in the last 14. It really puts things into perspective about just how bad things are in Mexico. 




 Somewhere in one of those buildings, someone is sitting in a bathroom having the worst shit of their lives. 









 If it's a formal declaration, I'd first sell all my stocks and transfer all my cash to the same bank. Then I'd go to that bank, take out a significant amount of cash and buy silver as a hedge against the possibility of a future financial system collapse. After hauling it to a secure location, I'd load up on food staples with long shelf lives to increase my chances of survival in the event of severe food disruptions.

I'd talk to my parents who live on a farm and work with them to provide long-lasting food supplies as well. Then I'd buy a motorcycle and extra gas for if I need to get out of the city and make it to my parents' farm.

I wouldn't really be worried about a nuclear attack, but I'd be worried about disruption of already fragile systems (power, food   fuel supply).

After increasing the chances of my survival for a future disturbance, I'd seek out individuals/companies/the government in search of war projects that I could assist with... Because I find it doubtful that a war with Russia would require a massive draft, yet I'd like to help where I can. 









 Is it really original content if it's based on someone else's graph that happened to have some flaws?  




 The major loss of functions and capabilities with age. If you were to take the effects of aging to even 55 and put them into a 20 year old, it'd be considered a horrendous disease that causes incredible suffering.  




 This year the top of Snoqualmie Pass has experienced less than half the snowfall of the previous *60 year* low record. It's quite extreme.

The good news is that Washington is still getting a lot of precipitation, so if those managing the reservoirs make smart decisions to hold back more water earlier than usual, there probably won't be a catastrophic water shortage.    




 It's just so much mass though.  




 Maybe he was next in line. 




 This statistic can also be misleading. Just because you are in debt does not necessarily mean you are poor. 




 You monster. 









 Have you set it up as an LLC or other official business entity? And are you prepared to properly handle the taxes? 

This thread is also full of a lot of negative jealousy. Good for you op, and don't let the haters bring you down. If this endeavour is successful then that's awesome! If it's not successful, then you'll learn something from it, and that's pretty awesome too. 




 This thread is full of a lot of negative jealousy. Good for you op, and don't let the haters bring you down. If this endeavour is successful than that's awesome! If it's not successful, then you'll learn something from it, and that's pretty awesome too. 




 Some old church-going lady is out there about to go through all the emotions while stuck in traffic... and she has no idea. 









 That baby isn't going to have the skills to hang on when you go over the swing set bar. 




 If you put people that plank, and people that do this shit in a Venn Diagram I don't think there'd be much of an intersection. 




 The gloomy part about the Seattle precipitation is that it is like mist most of the time. So even though other major cities get more precipitation in inches, you'll struggle to find any major US city that has persistent light rains like Seattle. It just never seems to stop in the winter/fall/spring. 




 That's awesome. This looks just like the hills in Idaho near Hell's Canyon. 
























 They are not dropping in price THAT fast. For example I bought a 480GB Sandisk SSD from Amazon in December for $179, and when I look at the same drive now on Amazon and Newegg, it's around $170. 

Be happy with what you have, as it's completely normal to watch prices drop after you buy the latest and greatest hardware. 




 I think $1500 was my out of pocket limit back then. Insurance covered everything else. 




 Whenever it happens, and if they are cheap, I suspect birth rates in developed countries will plummet. Especially for individuals outside of a marriage/long-term relationships.

Many of the guys I know who had kids when they were in their 20s did so because either they didn't want to wear a condom due to reduced sensations, or because their girlfriends forget to take the pill (or in some messed up situations told them they were taking it, but actually were not).

I'm hopeful that a pill would help reduce unexpected pregnancies across all populations, but for some of those that don't use their brains, I can't see them popping a pill everyday when they can barely pull their lives together. 




 I was in the hospital for almost a month in 2012 and my bill from the hospital itself was $174,000. But for the life of me I couldn't figure out where it all came from. The labs/imaging bills were separate, and when I talked to the billing department they weren't sure how to make sense of everything either... I had a bill for the same thing from two different providers. It was a clusterfuck.

Thankfully insurance saved me. But holy hell it seems like it's a headache for everyone involved.  









 This will surely calm racial tensions in this country... 









 $50 says this guy's favorite movie is Fight Club. 




 Staring straight ahead, taking a long swig and then slowly setting the glass back down on the table... before saying "... know your secret."

Someone like that would have a lot of secrets, and is probably pretty self-centered as well. Who wouldn't want to know what secret someone knows about them? It'd buy me time so I could finish my beer. 




 "Ask not what your country can do for your goddamn self... Ask what you can do for your motherfuckin country!" 




 I'm not sure why this is viewed as such a bad thing. If you take away the digital factor would people have problems with it? For example if the cops had a board of flyers with some criminals on it, and were standing at the entrance to the festival with their 'eyes open' to spotting any of those people... would there be such an outrage? 




 90 and I still feel like I'm teetering on the brink. I guess I should free up some assets if I ever want to dive into a pool of gold coins like scrooge mc duck. 




 I've seen dogs do this when they aren't normally allowed somewhere, but they are finally given a free pass. They refuse to make eye contact too because they still thing they are breaking the rules. 




 ISIS thus far hasn't shown any urge to try to take territory in Turkey. By opening a direct conflict with them it risks spreading the ISIS battles to Turkey. Plus Turkey sees the Kurds as a threat to the Turkish State and as long as the Kurds have their hands full battling ISIS, Turkey likely sees their threat level as reduced. 




 Turkey is a great ally to have in the Muslim world. But I'd like to see their current leader pushed aside by his people.

If you want a jackass ally, look to Saudi Arabia. That's an ally that should be an enemy IMO. 




 I don't think that's a fair comparison at all, the people of Turkey are predominantly secular in nature. It's their current government that's back tracking on their freedoms that made them a model Muslim-majority secular state.  

I feel for the people for Turkey. They tried to rebel, but were hit with an iron fist, and now Erdogan is actively removing those that oppose him from high positions in the military, politics, and even journalism. 




 This is also something I've searched for in the past. There are not many services out there because regardless of the service you need to have the other person's bank data and/or they need to sign up for an account somewhere (paypal/etc) which is too much work to ask of customers.

A lot of banks have easy ways to send out electronic checks, and I've found that is the simplest. I also use something offered by Chase called Chase Quickpay. The recipient still needs to sign up, but they only sign up once and the money gets transferred directly to their bank account in the future. 




 Such containers aren't re-enforced well enough to be buried safely, and they would also need to be waterproofed and prepared for the elements. For the size, and the amount of work (re-enforcement, etc) required with a cargo container, it really makes more sense to build a concrete structure using re-bar or build a wide structure with steel. 




 Depressive / bipolar meltdown might be more accurate for what she's having... High functioning autism isn't defined to include such episodes, and typically has muted emotional responses rather than such excessive ones. 

Whatever the cause, a dog makes it better! 














 What does this have to do with the Iranians? Their coup was nothing like the Turkish one. It was put into play by foreign powers, the Turkish one was home grown. 




 Looks like he wants to lay down a different type of pipe. 




 http://www.11alive.com/story/news/local/2015/06/12/naacp-controversy-rachel-dolezals/71137976/ 









 Modern Turkish history is full of coups, there were two successful coups not long before the one in 1980. The 1980 coup would have happened regardless of American involvement, and based on previous history it was almost guaranteed that it too would be a successful coup... so I don't think the US can be blamed for causing such a change, as it was inevitable.

Erdogan's biggest fear is of his military leaders, and he has been cracking down/removing senior leadership. When Turkey goes too far in the wrong direction, the military usually steps in. 




 IMO, there are a lot of variables left out that are required to give any kind of reasonable suggestions. Like:

* What's the location?
* How much time are you willing to invest?
* How much are you willing to sacrifice before making a profit?
* What kind of skills do you have?
* Do you have income outside of this 40 grand?
* What's the least amount of profit you'd be happy with say 5 years down the road?

It's not a simple/easy question. There is a lot more than money involved when it comes to creating a successful business. 




 Much of it has been completely rewritten based on what I've read. To the point where it can really be considered a separate entity.  I'd say it's a relationship much like the original half-life engine GoldSrc and the Quake engine (which HL's engine was based off of).

But you're right, technically it still has some gamebryo in it. 




 It was released in 2011, it's almost 5 years old, which is pretty major mind trip to me. 




 They used a different engine in Skyrim which was developed in-house. Skyrim has beautiful graphics and it's the first generation of their new engine. I think their next Elder Scrolls game will be just fine without Unreal. 









 Sounds like a lot of fun.

I had a girl go into a yelling rage when I told her I bought a house because rents were skyrocketing and it now made more sense for me to buy than rent... I don't understand the people that get angry at individuals in the tech industry. It's not like we want to drive prices up, or want others to suffer. 




 Techie hate in Capitol Hill and neighborhoods around UW are reaching epidemic levels. Now when people ask what I do for work I generically tell them I'm in engineering, because if I mention software I know it's likely I'll hear an earful about how tech people are driving up housing costs.  




 After politics was removed as a default sub it started to leach out into other subs. Browsing the default subs is no longer as fun and relaxed as it used to be for me. It seems like every other post is a post that intends to get some kind of reaction out of users like "look what this company/person is doing?!?!", "our rights are being taken away!", or they are something like "check out this video from a talk show host talking about something political!", etc etc.

I've started to find myself going full circle. I'm actually using Digg again because of all of this political/sensationalist nonsense. 




 Whether cop shootings are justified or not, this is not a new pattern in the US, and the media/feds seem to put a very high focus on those involving minorities... It makes me wonder at times if there is an effort to sew discontent and chaos in this country. By who I do not know or wish to speculate, but you could not ask for a better campaign to cause tension in the population.  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Kyle_Dinkheller 




 So that's where McDonald's burgers come from... 




 *tips fedora 









 Lately r/nottheonion is just becoming the all hated r/politics . 




 I don't think the reason they are homeless is because they can't afford a home on the median salary. 




 It happens in the States too. I don't blame the Chinese individuals (doesn't everyone want to make money?) but it is very frustrating. I lost out on two houses when I was searching to buy because investors put down an offer of cash that I could not compete with... 




 I think it's partially because while they are generally safe barring tremendous external forces or operator error... nobody wants to live by one. I am all for building new nuclear power plants with the latest designs, but even then I would not want one built near me. So unless they build them in the middle of the desert, the reaction from nearby residents might be overwhelming enough to keep them from building new plants. 




 Classic roof dog 




 After the Snapchat clients got pulled I thought about leaving, up until that point I've never had a problem with lack of apps. I'm really hoping Snapchat builds a client for Windows Phone 10. 









 Walmart is a big believer in Tesla and is one of their top customers for batteries that are supported by the Solar City company (of which Tesla is associated).

It seems like this article is all about making connections between companies and their own agendas. Just because the family is invested in a company building solar power plants that wants to survive its competition (at home solar panels), doesn't mean they are anti-solar.   









 It hasn't been a military dictatorship for day to day politics. The military has upheld a secular Turkey in the past when leaders have moved away from it. I would say the reason Turkey has remained a model secular state for so long is BECAUSE of the the military. As Erdogan has gained more and more power he has targeted some existing military leadership as 'opposition' and worked to lessen there power... I'm hopeful the military will step in at some point and warn Erdogan against making more anti-secular moves.  




 "Sorry, I'm busy and don't have time to talk at the moment" - and walk away 




 No, as it was a mistake it's neither income nor gains. It's not going to show up on any tax forms, and obviously you wouldn't count it as income yourself. 




 Turkey used to be the model secular majority Muslim state, Erdogan is quickly changing that... 




 But a lot of utilities are building/testing batteries for Wind and Solar installations for example, so it's not clear if some of the wind/solar energy (or any energy source) gets counted twice (once being generated at the installation, and again coming out of the battery). 




 Seeing "batteries" on a chart of sources of energy production seems really odd to me. 




 Playing video games by yourself. When I was younger when somebody asked me what I did the previous night, saying "just stayed at home and played some games" was totally acceptable. But as I became older it's not something I really want to admit to, because I feel like as an adult I should be doing more productive things. 




 Do you want to activate militias? Because this is how you activate militias. 




 American construction is also top notch.  




 Chinese construction is top notch these days. They've started to copy/enforce a lot of Western Standards.  




 It makes me incredibly happy to see a senator stand apart from party lines to stand up for something he believes is right.

 




 I'm sure there will be a part two where a squash falls out of the pickup on the interstate and smashes through a window of a minivan carrying  orphans. 




 They see me disposin', they hatin' 




 Is your skin too boring? Tired of waiting around looking at your skin wishing you could play games and order pizza with it? Well now you can! Introducing Google SmartSkin! For $99.99 you can have your skin surgically removed and replaced with the latest electronic smart skin! Better, stronger, less boring! 




 I don't understand all the hate Big Bang Theory gets. It has made it "cool" to be a nerd/scientist again. Regardless of the humor, I have a feeling there are probably more young people interested in science with The Big Bang Theory than there would be without it. 




 After getting to the top

http://i.imgur.com/cYb8Wg1.gifv 




 I payed 450k for my house a few months ago, and now zillow estimates its value is 530k. It's amazing how quickly prices are skyrocketing. 




 Why do people have to be assholes? She was an asshole for screaming and making a scene, but the guy videoing it is also an asshole for instigating and mocking someone who is obviously in distress. The only good guy here is the cop. 




 **Name/Rank:** Sergeant Aleksandr Aleksandrov

**Place of Death:** Ukraine

**Cause of Death:** Slip and Slide 




 They have rising nationalism at home. Such nationalism needs conflict or the sense of conflict to grow, and Putin probably would not stop short of war to continue stoking the nationalist flare. 









 That's why I blamed the "scientific publication community", ie: the publishers. If well-known respectable publishers don't enforce quality standards equally across their publications (conferences included) and don't hold publishers they partner with accountable, it's a fault that should absolutely be addressed, but it doesn't seem to be. 




 That's precisely my original point. In this example, both IEEE and Springer are very respectable in the community, but they and other publishers don't apply their review processes in a consistent manner to identify fraud. And in cases where fraud research is found to have been published, they should make the changes to address it. I don't see indications of that happening. 




 They were not scam journals, unless we are thinking of different incidents. This is the incident I'm referring to: http://www.nature.com/news/publishers-withdraw-more-than-120-gibberish-papers-1.14763 . Though I wouldn't be surprised if there are more. The publishers included Springer and IEEE, both of which are well trusted publishers:

 Ruth Francis, UK head of communications at Springer, says that the company has contacted editors, and is trying to contact authors, about the issues surrounding the articles that are coming down. The relevant conference proceedings were peer reviewed, she confirms  making it more mystifying that the papers were accepted.

 The IEEE would not say, however, whether it had contacted the authors or editors of the suspected SCIgen papers, or whether submissions for the relevant conferences were supposed to be peer reviewed. We continue to follow strict governance guidelines for evaluating IEEE conferences and publications, Stickel said. 




 I read it. I'm not suggesting just the journal itself should have caught it, but rather that the 'research' became so prominent across media and people in positions to correct the misinformation didn't really question it. 

It's not just infamously bad journals publishing fake papers, it's been a problem with other journals as well. A couple of years ago a CS team at a university created a paper generator and submitted the papers to some well known and generally trusted journals, and the papers were published even though they were non-nonsensical.

 




 If the scientific publication community didn't quickly identify this as a sham or even questionable, it makes me wonder just how many papers are published that contain false research where the author(s) **didn't** want to get caught. 




 It took me a year of searching for houses and making offers before I had my offer accepted (and only because the previous investors who had their offer accepted backed out). That was in February, and I paid around $450k for the house, which is not very far off from what the value estimate was on Zillow. Now 3 months later the value estimate is $530k, and a fixer-upper house down the street just sold for $500k. It's an absolutely crazy market right now. 




 The police must be frustrated. Mexico officially lacks capital punishment, and it seems each time federal forces capture and jail cartel members they either escape from prison or are released by the corrupt.

 




 I grew up on a farm and we used multiple gopher exterminators and they always killed them. I think no kill services are probably more common in highly populated areas. 














 The issue here is that energy weapons are banned via "international rules of war" against enemy personnel. So laser attacks against infantry would be 'banned'. IMO the military should just do it anyway to reduce collateral damage, but a superpower ignoring international weapon conventions would not set a very good precedent.  




 I wish the US government would change our Middle Eastern policy and give more recognition to the potential benefits of an Iranian ally. Though it's very far from perfect, Iran is actually very moderate now and is far more in line with our principles than other allies such as Saudi Arabia. If we were to base our friends and foes upon principle, Saudi Arabia would be one of our top enemies.  









 Most family farmers need subsidies to survive and be able to produce food for others. The ones that don't need subsidies are the big corporation farms (usually created by buying out family farms). I wish more people understood this... Family farmers are not getting rich off the government. Even with subsidies most still struggle.
 




 Though at a certain point the composition of the atmosphere would take effect, the primary factor behind tree lines is temperature. At a certain point it becomes too cold for the species to survive, or there is too much moisture that remains as snow cover for them to get started.

The atmospheric composition statement can quickly be debunked by comparing altitudes of tree lines across different regions. In tropical and warmer climates you'll find trees at much higher altitudes (in many cases all the way to the mountain tops), where as in colder climates the tree lines will generally be much lower. If the primary factor were atmospheric composition you'd find tree lines across the world were much more uniform in altitude. 




 Awesome. Thanks, this is very interesting. I have an neurodegenerative illness based on autoimmune disorder. I may try something like this just for experimentation sake. Have you tried it before?  




 Do you have sources? I like to keep an open mind, but I'm very skeptical of such a thing having even the slightest positive effect on immune system function. It sounds like pseudo-science. 




 Spy Museums are all over the place. The good ones are never found. 
























