 Most people outline their book first, but for me, simply writing works better. I let my imagination flow as I write and it works better than thinking every detail and scenes before you actually write it. 
At the end it depends on what works better for you. Try different approaches, good luck!  




 Hey Reddit. First of all, sorry for any English mistakes, I live outside the US.

So about 3 months ago I met this incredible girl online, she sounded perfect for me (though that may be troubling as alot of girls I talk to sound perfect to me). I'm pretty good at having a conversation, and we began talking for hours each day.

After about a few weeks, our topics began to change and become more serious, and I told her things that I never told my best friends that I've known since childhood. She was also pretty good looking and I believed she was my next girlfriend.

The problem begins when I ran out of topics. I don't think that this has anything to do with her, she didn't do anything wrong (in fact she seemed to hold a conversation better than other girls that I've previously talked to), but you probably agree that after having such 'heavy topics' going to casual is simply boring and gives a feeling of disappointment.

**TL;DR: So, today, after not talking with her for a week I told her that I have a girlfriend (which I dont), because I felt like I ran out of serious topics, and falling into 'casual/ boring' talks would simply be a disappointment.**
 By saying this, our 'relationship' is basically terminated.
Do you think I made the right decision? I'm pretty confused because in the past I broke up for silly reasons and I was miserable later.

I'll be happy to hear your guys thoughts. Thanks for reading! 




 Bad descriptions of a 'beautiful' person. 




 Unlimited supply of coffee. 




 Can someone explain why this program is so recommended? What does it offer better than Word or any other writing software?  









 Look at those 2 images:
http://www.wallsave.com/wallpapers/1280x700/creed/990934/creed-movie-assassin-s-ii-select-your-quality-990934.jpg
http://s.wallpaperhere.com/wallpapers/1280x720/20110702/assassins-creed-brotherhood-20101017102243981.jpg

What is the name of those red things on the floor? It apperas as red roses leaves, but I'm not sure. Maybe you know? 




 Sorry for any English mistakes at the title (or here). 
For exmample- This picture shows what I mean:
http://www.lifeofanarchitect.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Paris-June-2010_660.jpg
I mean a word that describes the Eiffel Tower from distance. Thanks (: 




 For all of you, do you read books naturally? I know that for me, and other people who suffer from ADD/ADHD it's difficult to read long novels.  




 I've changed its outline more than ten times including everything possible so I don't know if that's considered as one novel. I began last year, and I'm actually writing a few other novels at the same time so it might take a while to finish. I think that it ended up more of a practice than an actual novel that you can publish. 




 Bravo. 
I've Never heard of those methods before, I'll definitely try tomorrow. By the way, how can you write 2,500-4,000 words? How much hours does it take? 




 So I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD (Overfocused ADD). It doesnt let me read books or write more than an hour unless I smoke (marijuana), drink (coffee), or take something (Ritalin).
So, if anyone else has ADD/ADHD and has ways of overcoming it without these things, reply below. 
Thanks (: 




 Freddie   Madlib did a pretty nice job (; 




 Don't force yourself to write. It will only make you hate writing, and you don't what that to happen.
After you're in the 'mood' for writing, install a Chrome extension called "StayFocused". It helped me to write and not finding myself stuck in Facebook   Twitter.
If this is the first time you write, you will most certainly find yourself hating your stories. That's the first step every writer goes through, untill they improve (which is why I said that it comes with experience).
Also, put on some music that will help you get into the mood, and drink coffee (if you're serious, google a few tips on how to improve creativity and stay focused). 




 I heard:
Daughter, James (can't remember his full name), and a bunch of other unknown artists, but none of them delivered the same experience as For Emma Forever Ago.
Do you guys know anyone? Even famous bands because I might not know them. 
Thanks (: 









 I have an outline, but I found out that writing without a plan works better for me. I just drink a cup of coffee and type without thinking, I let my imagination flow and it usually works great.  




 I think it comes with experience... Write SOMETHING, and you'll begin to see what works better and what doesn't. There're also many threads about how to to improve writing. 
Good luck!  




 Scenes and descriptions. 




 I have many parts of my story which seem like clichs. How to deal with those? 




 If you don't care about imperfections(unfortunately I do), then I don't see much of a problem. If you do, you should probably imagine the entire scenes in your head before writing so you could describe it easier. 
Good luck!  




 I don't know where to begin.. I only told this today to a friend of mine. The feelings about my grandpa came back to me. I tried not to think about him, and whenever I do it's like I came back to that place in my mind which reminds me of that feeling that hit me. I don't know if the memories I have from him are still true, there aren't many left of those at all. I still remember how I came home from school, I was about 11 years old and I saw you at the kitchen, making your famous Grilled Chilcken, which I used to adore and ran around the house from excietment whenever I smelled it. I didn't say anything special, but went to my room and watched TV. 
The next day, mamma's crying woke me up and later I understood that you died. It was the first time I felt death, and it sucked. A mix of depression and anger, and I didn't know how to react. I had nothing to do, nothing would bring you back. Nothing. When I went to school I was so depressed and escaped it and though about all the memories I had left from you. I said to myself that I would take a bullet to keep you alive, and it was true. Tears, and more tears.. That's all I remember and they are coming back now. It sucks, it's terrible feeling and I never told to anyone about this. It doesn't matter... You were the closest person to my life, and I never told you that. You gave me unconditional love, protected me whenever mamma and dad blamed me for anything and gave me money for toys, and I never returned it to you. I never explained to you how I freaking loved you, never. 
A year later ,I began playing on piano, which is the best thing I do today. Mamma always saying to me how you couldn't hear me play.. You adored Classical Music. 
I'm done, I'm about to cry again like crazy and my sister in the other room, so that's it.
Rest in Peace, Boris.  




 It's awesome! Do you have any more silimar? 




 This one- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bosouX_d8Y 




  They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'. As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned. Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0

 




 They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'.
As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned.
Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this. A playlist would also work (; 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this.
A playlist would also work (; 




 my desktop now. that's amazing.  




 up you bastards 




 up 


































 What should change then? 




 This is mainly my way of expressing pain, however I would like a few suggestions. 
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 
Just a brief background about myself: I'm 16, and English isn't my native language. I began writing last year on a novel I had in mind. I've spend hours researching about the topic and elements I could use that will make it better. I really wanted to write, and I became obsessive about it. 
I could see this story so clearly in my mind, but I couldn't put it to paper. I gave up after a few months. 
On April I began writing another story of Fantasy, I've reached 14k words and it seems as an incredible achievement. I was really delightful and I thought I was on track of achieving it. I could already imagine myself as a writer, and finally achievement something I wanted to do. 

Writing a novel wasn't just writing a short-story I could exhibit to my parents. 

Today I finally reviewed my story and discovered that I'm stuck. Again. No matter how much I rewrite, it doesn't come out well.
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 

I tried every possible way of becoming more creative. Some of those ways contained smoking/taking something, but it didn't last forever. I don't want to be drugged in order to become a writer, but even that didn't seem to help. 
Any tips/suggestions?
Thanks,
Daniel

TL;DR: I have a terrible writer's block that lasts forever. Should I quit writing? 




 I finished my first three chapters, but last month I reviewed it and said: "Well, I'll just edit this once a little bit."
Now, I can't move forward. What do I do? 
By the way, this is the first time I'm serious about writing a novel. 




 Thanks. 
Grammar is my currently my top priority. However, could you specify on what was boring? Lack of action, non-unintelligible plot or perhaps bad descriptions? 




 Les Brown   Ludovico Einaudi. [Example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWA4uZE3ZMU)
 




 What setting and environment does it have? 
Is it a city, or perhaps a village, and how does it compare to the 'familiar' world? 









 Different writers have different ways of writing. If you feel the process takes long, I'd personally advise you to stop for a while, yet keep the novel within your thoughts. 
Don't just forget it, but continue to think about it throughout the day. Sometimes an idea pops out of just a simple thought. I've experienced many of those moments. 




 Electronics provide the 'easy way'. My characters can only wish for those.  




 Bioshock infinite takes place in 1912, and its environment was an inspiration for one of my novels. It's a videogame, but I suggest you take a look at it. 




 Irrational quote. Worshiping God is as developing skills or the spiritual side of your life. You don't have to admire only what's visible, but nonetheless I'm against destroying nature and other species.   




 She was disappointed in you writing? 
I'm 16 and I also spend a lot of time in front of the computer, mostly writing or 'getting inspiration'. 









 I still haven't told my family, and I'm not sure if I even want to. 
What about you? 




 Thesaurus! Thesaurus! 




 Hey, I really wanted to replay the entire Assassin's Creed series (As all of us), however I want to skip the chit-chat in AC:B they do in the beggining. Does anyone have a savegame of the game at Sequence 2? Thanks. 
(PC) 




 I'm currently editing, however so far I maintained about 800-900 words/day. 




 I hear you brother I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD, and if that's not enough- English isn't my native language. You can try Ritalin if you have a prescription for it, however I personally hated feeling drugged (other than coffee. Coffee is magical).
Nonetheless, you can write fantasy. I don't know why, but writing imaginary secretions kept me more focused/motivated than other genres. 
Generally, it also comes with experience. Writing is difficult, especially if you have ADD/ADHD however it does becomes interesting, and occasionally addicting.  




 http://i.imgur.com/S7wxzCZ.png
Looks great, certainly easier to read (: 




 Windows 8.1 




 Please add an option to change the font. Other than that, fantastic website.  




 As the title says- which phrase of your story usually ends up as the best? Beginning, middle or the end?  




 Good advice, thank you. 




 I've been writing alot for the past year, however something disturbs me whenever I get an original idea. Is it wrong to write a SciFi novel about a theme that will most certainly provoke several societies (e.g., extreme religion, racism, )? Needless to say that I've no intention of offending anyone. 




 I wrote almost 35k words in my SciFi novel, and I'm beginning to wonder about illustration. I'm an amateur about anything that's related to the 'background' side of writing, and my question is how does illustrations affect a book? 




 'This is amazing! I'm amazing! - JESUS, THAT'S FUCKING TERRIBLE!' 




 I understand all the words I write, but describing without thesaurus seems terrible (I'm a student from Israel, and though I can understand every word an average American would say I can't think of those words by myself). 
Ps, this was written without thesaurus.  




 I need a writing software which has those 2 features:
1. It has thesaurus.
2. It has an app for iPhone. 
Do you know of a recommended program which has those features? Thanks. 




 A similar sound. I know about Ben Howard, he's pretty good. I'll listen to your other suggestions (: 




 Don't worry, I'm writing in Hebrew. 




 This is the most difficult thing to write.. Where do I even begin? Could you perhaps add a few good examples? Thanks. 




 I found this extremely usefull (and interesting indeed)-
http://www.remorselessfiction.com/quotes.html
 




 I want more. Please.  
























 Exactly that. I'd suggest reading Sherlock Holmes for that, there're a lot of long dialogues there.  




 Thank you! Now I understand [Bioshock Ininfite](http://i194.photobucket.com/albums/z7/prettybigguy/Telegram.jpg) better.  




 It depends on the type of music. I generally like relaxing music. Soft Jazz is my favorite. I also chose my playlists depending on the scenes (peaceful scenes, chaotic or just thoughts).  




 I have ADD, so Ritalin helps me to concentrate. I'm not sure if it increases creativity though. However, as one who tried both alcohol and marijuana, I've discovered that it simply makes one think he's creative WHILE writing.  




 Never works.  




 Ah, my beautiful country.  




 In August, goddamn EA with their failed marketing techniques.  




 That's a stupid question. I have an account with SimCity Delux, if anyone's interested in an exchange.  




 Apparently, this is true for Israel. Someone called and said 'I'm kidnapped' (he really was), and the police didn't respond for the next eight hours.   




 I have a few 'missing information' in my novel (mostly about characters). 
This is because my novel is 'a journal' of the protagonist. Therefore he writes for himself, and it makes sense that he won't explain much about what is obvious to him, and it's great for me (the real author) because it keeps some of the details (occasionally important details) in the dark. I think it makes the reader unsure, while he might fill out the details for himself. 
I love it, but I wanted to know your opinions about things like this. Is it more harmful than beneficial?  




 Is there another one besides "Buried At Sea"?  




 I call it 'searching for inspiration'.  




 Thanks for the answer. Perhaps you know the name of his agent? 
P.S. Obviously I don't have any bad intentions. I enjoy his music, and I wanna try my luck in getting in touch with him (not physically).  




 Why? It's not like I'm going to murder the man.  









 I'm doing a research (: 




 How much time did it all take? (All of the drafts) 
Was it easier to write after the first draft? 









 I just noticed that my story contains a fair amount of sentences that begin with- This, That, Then, etc. 
Should I replace them? If so, how?  




 It's not really related, but I'm always wondering- how can the photos be so good and with such high resolution? (Considering this was ancient equipment) 




 I'm from Israel and I prefer writing in English. My English isn't perfect and my grammar is often awkward, but I feel that it's more fluid than Hebrew. Try both, and see what works better. I don't think there's a universal solution for this.  




 Most of them probably did. 




 I found it increasingly difficult to keep my desktop and my .docx stories organized as I continue to write. It is bursting and almost entirely occupied with folders, webpages, and various notes which I suppose will be useful. How do you, writers, keep up with that? 




 I don't think it's possible. Procrastinations happen to everyone, in every field. Especially if you're a writer, and I like to consider myself so. Drugs also help.  




 Hey! Does anybody know an interesting book that contains good descriptions of alluring cities, landscapes or even rooms? It could be fictional.

I read my first book (!!) last month (TFIOS, if you're interested), so I'm open for any suggestions.

Thank you!  




 I can relate. 




 I need more like this.  




 Motivation fades naturally, especially after after getting painful reactions. It's human nature. Especially if you're a beginner. 
Believing that the average writer ALWAYS has motivation to write is simply untrue.
I'm also curious, by the way, why doesn't every writer has the potential to be a great writer? Isn't is a mainly matter of practice? As any other skill?
 




 I have to say I'm actually surprised by the comments. 




 I thought most writers are depressed, i wasn't sure if it's for the better or the worse.  




 Some are actually good and funny. 




 Every writer should be encouraged, doesn't matter if his writing sucks. I'm 16 and I my writing is nowhere near to be considered good. 
If I wanted a review from someone for the first time and he didn't encourage me afterwards, my motivation, just like any other beginner writer, would slowly fade away.  

Every writer has the potential to become an amazing writer, yet without motivation I think it's far less likely.  




 The comments here are disgusting.  
























 Terrible, in my opinion.  




 Try to log out   long into Uplay. May work.  




 For the Playstation Sotre, or what? 




 You can Google for the 1.01 version of this app (.ipa format) and transfer it to your iPhone/iPad.  




 I'm personally a great fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and owned every single game in special edition's, and I confess that some games (especially Black Flag), weren't that great and even terrible. 

However, Unity is absolutely grand. Sure, there're a few FPS drops (On PS4, I don't know how are thing on the PC), and there're a few bugs but overall I found this game amusing and interesting. I can see the amazing work Ubisot has put into this game and honestly, after playing it almost 20 full hours, I simply cannot understand the terrible reviews this game received.

This, in my opinion, outranks Assassin's Creed 2 which I used to consider one of the best action-adventure games ever. I agree with everything said and I think the devs should be praised AT LEAST for the enormous effort they put into this game, even while some may discourage them for the bugs, story etc.  




 Geez, this is so beautiful.  




 Oh yea baby! We're golden!  




 [Johnny Garrett](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Garrett) was probably innocent (he declined to make a last statement though). 




 It makes me feel bad. It's crazy, even with the website that mentioned their last statements, how even such murders seem so human and sympathetic. 
How can someone look at those meals, trying to hang onto every single bite and taste, knowing it's your last. It's something I could never understand.  




 http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_info/tignergeraldlast.html

Perhaps it is terrible for me to consider those people human. It makes me wonder how many of those people were actually innocent. I guess that's the worst thing about the death penalty.  




 [PERFECT.](http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494) 




 http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494
PERFECT. 









 The 41 Most Jizz-Worthy Codexes Since The Fall Of The Republic. 




 It went smooth (;  




 It feels slightly worse on my iPad Mini 2, so I wanted to know if you also notice a difference. If so, what's your device and how bad is it?  




 Is it dangerous to update if my device is Jailbroken? What will/can happen? 









 Internet.  




 Good luck! I heard that pot isn't that hard to leave off. It's not physical addiction. 




 This experience touched my heart so greatly I had to share it. It was posted in Hebrew, online, yet since I'm an Israeli I decided to translate it and share it with you. 

A few days ago the little one asked for pizza. Fucking pizza. Four or five dollars, depending on whether it is with or without additions. And you try to convince her that we will eat at home and a fried egg is a thousand times more delicious and you will make her a cool face with a cucumber as a nose and a smile of pepper on the plate. But she wants a pizza.
And you try to coax her, because you have looked at the wallet. You have three dollars and twenty cents. Eighty cents are missing to reach one slice of pizza. And you curse yourself for every beggar and a street musician you ever gave your cents when you still had money, and you remember how you allowed yourself indulge a few days before with a mini-croissant at the bakery by the house and it was a croissant that was sold by weight and cost two dollars and a half, and you're flooded with feeling of guilt. With those two dollars and half in your wallet you would buy her the pizza, and even put her additions above it. 
And it is humiliating to think about it. Humiliating that you even grieve yourself over eighty cents, and even more than you don't have eighty cents to buy pizza for the girl. And you already think in your head to perhaps ask the pizza seller to be forgiving on eighty cents and to promise him you will return tomorrow, and plan to take of your parents money at night and then drive to him in the morning and put a whole dollar on the counter and say thanks and keep the change because he was so nice. 
But meanwhile you are with the kids in the middle of the street, and the girl wants pizza. And you explain that you want very much to take them because they were lovely and the best kids in the world, but you don't have money right now (because you didn't really think to ask the pizza seller a discount: to put your problems on him would be exaggerated), and then her older brother tells her: "Daddy doesn't have money for pizza. Let's eat at home. It would be fun, I promise". And he asks you in worried eyes if you don't have money because they have asked too many things in the past, and you say that not at all and force out your strongest laughter, and tell him that it is completely fine to ask and that they are the most wonderful kids and allowed to ask for everything they want and if you can you would give it to them, and with all his syllable you feel you died a little more inside. And you are so happy that they both get to you more or less to the waist and you lift your head and look to the heavens so they won't see the look on your face. And then the little one says "OK", and does not seem to really care. Then she says, "I found a bill of five dollars this week, and I put my pot at mom. Can I give it to you and then you will have money?" And she asks that in the best look and most innocent and sweetest and most meaningful there is and you die even more inside. 
Then thousands of nails being fired at you at once, and digging into the flesh and the heart wishes to explode, and it is hard to breathe because the chest twitches in quick breaths of pre-crying and you swallow and rise your eyes as much as possible until there is no more lids to try to keep help the tears do not escape out of the sides of the eye and feel the tip of the nose begins to leak. And you walk, all three of you on the street, and small hands holding your hands as if you are an island of stability for them, and you feel the exact opposite of island of stability: you are humiliated, because you never occurred to yourself to not have change for pizza when your daughter will ask. Because you never thought would go down the street with two children that one day would understand how much you don't have to give them. How much you cannot provide them with the little pleasure they wanted: something not too expensive. A slice of pizza.

I may translate more if you're interested. For those who're willing to use Google Translate and can't wait, the full story is here:
http://www.ha-makom.co.il/post/avudim-oni?utm_source=socialplat utm_medium=fbpage utm_campaign=avudim-oni 




 This made me hate modern world.  




 This song gets 10/10? Seriously?  




 There will never be nothing better than Sitka Banner.  




 This... actually sounds better than my current plot.  




 Vincent's  




 Well, what if I write the adventures of an academic from the mid-19th century? 




 r/writing doesn't seem to like them very much. But why?
Edit: Sorry, I meant 'why' in the title. 




 Diplomacy with a terrorist organization, whose intentions are to destroy Tel Aviv and to eliminate Israel? 
If diplomacy was ever possible, such actions wouldn't have been required.   




 I can confirm this.  




 This. By the way, do you something like it? Though I think it's kind of a unique album. 




 I love this.  




 Why does this sound familiar to me? 
























 I have PS4 and honestly I feel no lags whatsoever. 




 Ezio. Undoubtedly the most charismatic character in the series. 

Connor

Arno

Edward

Altair 




 No one cares.  









 If there's one thing I always loved in Assassin's Creed and made me continue to buy all the games, is the environment. No matter what amount of games I play, nothing matched Assassin's Creed in that. I spent at least 50% of my time in Unity just walking around and  admiring each individual and building in Paris. Pretty much just like I did in AC2.  




  It's building the world, the characters, mapping out the plot. I can spend weeks planning everything down to the smallest detail. That's when my creativity blossoms. Once I've done that, I sit down and work.

I think my problem is that I'm still stuck in the 'building' part. You see, it's just so freaking fun I can't hold myself! Writing a long novel, section by section, chapter by chapter, seems almost drudging after that. Nonetheless, it's certainly much more rewarding.  




 Hello r/writing! 
It's been a while since I posted something here so hopefully this wouldn't break any rules or guidelines. 

So I've been writing for about two years now, and goddamn I enjoy every moment. I'm 17 years old and frankly I'd never imagine writing could be so exciting and rousing all together, nothing we did in school matched that (unfortunately so). Nonetheless before I carry on I must inform you that my English grammar is quite terrible, so if you're a keen lover of English, this tread may not suit you (I write my fiction in Hebrew, by the way).
So since my first project last summer a few things happened:

* I wrote 62k words for Random Scenes, short scenes that are mostly unrelated to the plot itself. I write those whenever Im in some kind of sentimental mood. You know, seeing the countryside I pass by each day or hearing a good Jazz tune at a quiet evening.
*  I wrote another 2k words for the history of the place my novel is set in (that includes politics, wars, feasts and so on).
* I wrote 2k for the novel itself.
The problem is, I presume, is that I get so inspired by short, everyday things and sadly that inspiration doesnt long enough for me to sit my ass down and write the storyline itself. In any case, I would like to hear the advice of writers who suffered from the same thing. 

**TL; DR** I get hooked writing the backdrop of the novel other than the novel itself. Help?
 




 Is she crying?  




 Should I sell Sony's stocks? 




 [I found it here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Colorization/comments/1wcmmh/susan_peters_worked_her_way_into_hollywood_after/) 




 I really liked Venice too. And central Rome.  




 Okay... ^rouge 




 [Colorization](http://i.imgur.com/KKerDo8.png) 




 Fixed!  




 About answer #5, could you post some of your favorite tunes from the series? I'd love to hear your preferences.  




 In the time period you choose the most interesting time period of all games.
In the environment you choose the city (or if you prefer the oceans in Black Flag) that were most fascinated by.  




 Cities, oceans, forests etc.  




 Of course, my personal opinion:

1. AC2
2. AC2/ACB
3. AC2/AC3/ACU
4. AC2/ACU
5. Definitely AC2. Rogue and Liberation also sound quite well.  




 [Assassin's Creed Unity Street-Dialogue #1](http://youtu.be/eIOM3PxvFoM) 




 [Assassin's Creed Unity Street-Dialogue #1](http://youtu.be/eIOM3PxvFoM) 




 [Assassin's Creed Unity Street-Dialogue #1](http://youtu.be/eIOM3PxvFoM) 




 I figured this would be a lovely discussion. For those who played Assassin's Creed since the first (original) game, which game topped the others in terms of:

1. Plot.
2. Hero. 
3. Time Period.
4. Environment. 
5. Soundtrack.

That's pretty much all I can think of. If you have anything notable you've liked about a particular game, write it down as well. Hopefully this will give Ubisoft a better understanding of our views and opinions. 




 Is there anyone French here who's willing to do a heavenly work and translate a portion of Unity's street dialogues between civilians?

Unfortunately it's french and most of us don't speak it. ):

Update: There's no good video of it on YouTube, so I'll record the dialogues myself on the PS4. Should be ready within a few days. If anyone has some footage you may post them here. The more the better.  




 Gaza isn't a country. 

[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaza_Strip) 




 I have a PS4 and personally I don't feel any major FPS issues since the last update, and I suppose Patch 4 will remove all remaining issues. 




 This is absolutely glorious.  




 [Assassin's Creed Unity - Time-lapse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SagQs7Vaiic)

How was this made? Is there a first-person button/mod which I'm not aware of? 




 I never liked Constantinople. The place and period together don't offer much excitement for an Assassin's Creed game. I mean, aren't there MUCH better time periods to focus on?  




 I play on PS4 and ever since I got this game I found myself just walking around the city, recording videoclips each 100 meters.

I used to think Ubisoft could never outrank Fireze and Venice, especially after seeing how they screwed up Revelations and Black Flag, but now... I'm beginning to think Ubisoft is finally returning to its golden age.
Apart from the bugs of course.  




 I've always this weird fantasy that when the series will end, and the last assassin will raise and give his final monologue, this theme will play out in the background. 

Geez, it gives me goosebumps already. 




 How much did you pay? 




 I've never tried that. I did find a bunch of ps4 savegames, so I suppose it's simply a matter of copying.  




 Or 90%. I've finished the game on 49%, and now I would like to try some of the cool outfits there are in the game. Could someone help, please?  
























 Actually, Louis Armstrong was the first musician to admit of his recognitional use of cannabis.

"It's a thousand times better than whiskey - it's an assistant - a friend." 




 1. Calgary. 

2. Beach Baby.

3. Re: stacks. 

Honestly, I don't admire Bon Iver because of Justin's profound lyrics, nor his musical genius. I like his slow, winery setting he puts me into even on the hot, turbulent days we have too much of here in the Middle East.  




 I'm 17 and two weeks I made plans to meet with an absolutely stunning girl who I presumed to be interested in me (we've been texting for a while before). Anyways, the night beforehand I was indescribably anxious. What if I look ugly? What if there would be an awkward silence? What if it would be cold and I'll look like a sissy? All kind of these questions ran through my mind. 

I couldn't sleep and I wondered if she felt the same, and actually that morning I didn't wanna meet her but eventually I just did it. I drove over and we hung out for four hours, and you wouldn't believe how fluid it went there. You just look at her face, listen to what she said and you find something stupid to say, and honestly for some reason women like when guys say stupid things. Just laugh, and choose to do what you know is beneficial, and I believe you can make that judgement.  









 Thanks for the reply. I could relate to a lot of things you said. 
Well, sometimes I go out and I feel fucking great. I'm also looking fairly well so meeting girls isn't much of a problem for me, but sometimes I'm just feeling so lonely. Like I've no one to talk about my depression, so I just write. I wrote entire fictions about depression and romanticism and that seems to be helping a bit. 
The thing is that this sadness just rests during the day, as if I'm ignoring it, but at some point it bursts out quickly and all at once. A cute girl can ask me for the time and I can think of her literally for days, what a coward I was for not talking with her and get into this fucking train of thought of how pathetic I am.
I think music has a lot to do with it. Whenever I listen to Jazz I feel much better, but whenever I listen to one of the great, sad songs I like I feel sad.  




 There're so many thoughts running through my mind right now and yet I've no clue how to even begin this. I'm 17 years old living somewhere in the Middle East and I've been dealing with the same shit teenagers go through, experiencing the misfortunes of love far too young, dealing with sadness far too often, having the same dreams every goddamn day and waking up into a grey world when it's not even rainy. 

I laugh at how much stupid I might seem to you right now. Hell, I'm only seventeen, and I'm getting depressed over love? There are far worse things to be depressed about. Especially in the Middle East. 

Honestly, I'm hesitant to label myself as depressed. I know depression is a strong term that's often misused, but I don't know if I'm feeling just sad. I think I'm stuck in self-pity because I tell myself a thousand times a day that I'm so pathetic. Like last week I drove to meet a girl who I fall in love with since the first time I texted her, and I thought I fucked up. Even though she said she had a great fucking time I just thought she lied and that day I fall for self-pity. Obviously, it didn't stop there and I fucked up everything else I could possibly fuck up by telling her how deeply I felt for her and how lonely and pathetic I am, and how I don't wanna go into a relationship with her because of what happened last time I was in one. 

I always make the wrong fucking decisions. I always fuck up. I always get into the same fucking situation where I'm hopeless and preparing myself for another night where I'm gonna dream about the same girl I've been dreaming about for the past five years, but somewhere deep down I like that. 

I like feeling sad. I love listening to Bon Iver just a few minutes before bedtime, staring into the darkness and reminding myself for the thousandth time how fucking pathetic I am. How no one cares. How she doesn't care. How everyone I fucking love doesn't give a damn about me and there's no fucking escape. Everybody's just gonna say that the future's gonna get better, and how love is like that and eventually, I'll forget the girl who fucked up my life and I'm just gonna nod and say, "Yeah, you're right" just because I don't wanna make it seem like they've wasted their time on me. 

I've been writing about what I've been feeling for the past year or so, but I don't think any of you would be interested in reading some teenager's diary about how love made him vulnerable. 

Anyway, the question I've been asking is am I depressed or just sad? Where's the line? And if I am depressed, is there a way to get out of this? Just be honest.  




 I'm the Carnival of Peace. 









 It always makes me smile to see Bon Iver's version of Skinny Love rather than Birdy's.  




 I love pieces that have a 'form', but not too conservative (as in C Jam Blues). 




 I think there's something about the thousandth time of listening to Peterson that's making me crave for something new, but similar.
Is there? 




 I don't agree with some of the things he said, but who am I to criticize Stephen King? 









 I'm a teenager and I hardly ever read. I do listen to audiobooks multiple times during the day. I've ADD, so it may be connected. 
Nonetheless, I write a lot. I feel like it is a great tool for me to relax. It makes me feel creative and improves my mind rather than playing video-games or scrolling endlessly through Facebook. It improves my English, too, which isn't my native language so why the hell not? 




 I read somewhere that Justin Vernon stopped everything that's related to Bon Iver, because it got very famous or stuff like that. I'm not sure if that's true or not...  




 This is so underrated.  




 They were [about the same size.](http://collections.yadvashem.org/photosarchive/s637-469/17378334200733466238.jpg) 




 This subreddit should be renamed "Lincoln OtherPoepleColorized". 




 [Posted](http://www.reddit.com/r/HistoryPorn/comments/2ril9d/atlanta_georgia_in_1864_770_x_700/) 




 Look at him with his blonde hair and old-fashioned vest. And I think I can see a butterfly tie underneath. I bet this boy grew to be some true heartbreaker. Poor women.  




 It's so wrong of me to think, at first, "Man; How fucking cool is that?!" 




 You don't get to be as close to the president anymore.  




 I do love Hazeltons. Moreover, I listened to a lot project he participated and I loved them all. Bon Iver is definitely my favorite though.  




 Like it has been taken out of a movie.  




 YES. Geez, you read me so well! I listened to the acoustic version like a thousand times and YES, those lines in that version were orgasmic. 

I think Justin's voice sound much better without all the effects he put into Bon Iver, Bon Iver. On the other hand, I cannot imagine songs like Perth and Holocene without such effects.

By the way, if we share the same passion for Justin's original voice, you should check out [Beth/Rest Rare Book Room Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv9Aj_2julQ) if you haven't done that by now.  




 Gosh, seeing everyone wearing a suit like that is certainly refreshing.  




 I bought all the 3 LPs a few weeks ago. It enhances my room so much, absolutely beautiful artwoork.  




 I know it's silly, but when I heard Calgary for the first time, I immediately thought that lyric would be freaking beautiful as a tattoo.  









 This is fine, grand, superb, impressive, marvelous, glorious, excellent and splendid altogether.  




 People should create a website for situations like this. 




 Microsoft Word   Notepad.  




  I'm a bitch.

Definitely. 

 
























 We've been together for two weeks, dating since the beginning of March.  




 I haven't cheated on her. I want to tell her that because it sounds far better than 'I'm constantly afraid and need your attention.'  




 My God, I've been sitting here for an hour. Summarizing my four-year story into a few long-sentenced passages is... challenging. 

I've never been good with beginnings, and I suppose there're several ways to being this. Option #1, five years ago. A thirteen-year-old fella falling in love with the most beautiful brown-headed girl in Tel Aviv. Some luck has made their paths cross and spend a few weeks together. Best fucking weeks of his youth. Worst fucking breakup. 

He's been dreaming about her ever since. Four years of a growing depression, memories, anxiety, burning his goddamn throat, and producing more tears than sperm cells. Life sucks.

This fella is almost a soldier now, and he even has a little beard that reminds everyone of a Spanish pornstar but generally, he's pretty. 

Last month he began talking with another girl. That's the second beginning. It wasn't the first time he tried to restore a relationship that would be as the one he had, but this time it developed into something expectational. They talk every day. She laughs, she hears all about his talents, his passions, and eventually they meet. 

God, this 3rd person thing is ridiculous.

So we meet. And I probably burned about a thousand calories the night beforehand. I wrote everything I feel about her. Every little thought of my mind, that's abnormally imaginative when I'm on the verge of tears.   I had my doubts, obviously. I just didn't want to fuck this up, goddamn it - I didn't want to be alone again. 

We met, she thought it was great, I thought I was pathetic. I thought I fucked up. I sent her what I wrote about her, and stopped talking with her for a week. Eventually, I couldn't be alone anymore. I texted her. She says she loves me. I say I love her. We're together, and goddamn I burn a thousand calories every hour ever since. 

I can't sleep. I can't study. I can't speak properly because I'm always anxious. At some point, I can't write anymore. Everything I text her is briefly examined, and the verdict is already obvious: It's the worst thing I could possibly text. 

Nonetheless, I continue to be funny. Sometimes I'm still sad, and she knows that. She knows I'm fucking anxious and that I feel pathetic about myself. She knows, and she still fucking loves me. She does, the problem is - I don't trust it. I know I'm pathetic, I know everything I say is wrong and I'm always scared. 

THE PROBLEM: I'm always scared. I wanna cry beneath the sheets and never wake up again. I wanna be alone, but in the long-term I know I don't. Actually, I don't know what I want. I know whatever I'm gonna do I'm gonna be anxious. We planned on meeting tomorrow, and I wanna say I can't. I wanna say I cheated on her and be fucking alone. Alone is safer, it's familiar. But It's wrong, isn't it?
   
**tl;dr**: I'm anxious screwing up, and wanna avoid my GF because of that. 

Edit: To make things clear, I haven't cheated on her.  




 I was feeling the same way. Try observing yourself from a 3rd person view. "If this guy asked me for advice now, considering these circumstances- what would I suggest?" 




 This is truly inspiring. Well done, pal!  









 Telling her in person is certainly the better option of the two. 

I was surprised to read you wanted to confess her about your depression- which you don't. I must've misunderstood you there.

I used to pretend everything was OK as well while everything was actually fucked up. I can promise you that telling someone about your depression feels SO GOOD, and I think that you're heading towards that. Good luck! 




  If you decide to her the whole thing, I'd say don't be so bold. Prepare a short text of what you're going to say, but not an entire speech. Work on how you're going to begin this text because she's probably gonna ask you a whole bunch of questions. How much do you really wanna tell her?  




 Suck it up, goddamn it. 

Finish the damn shift and go home. Don't go to your bed, but think. Think outside of your irrational emotions, mute the fucking voices and think. What do you wanna do? Say the first thing that comes to your mind, just an on-the-spot answer. Write it down. No, seriously, WRITE IT DOWN.

Wrote it? No, for God's sake. That's a short-term answer. Think larger. What do you wanna do? 

Think about the times you were younger. When you were hoping to become a firefighter, or a painter. Why would you choose something so fucking financially-unrewarding? What kind of things were you hoping to get? To change?

Now, if you don't think this answer is the stupidest fucking thing anyone has ever said to a suicidal man, then I want you to do me a favor. I want you to write things you're gonna do today that involve you getting a step closer towards that long-term goal. If you wanna be a software designer, download Visual Studio. If you wanna be a fucking writer, write the first sentence of your best-seller to be. Tomorrow, I want you to write another sentence. As a matter of fact, write two and trust me, man, you're gonna get so fucking ecstatic you did. 

Btw, what's your favorite color? 




 Writing.

"Collecting inspiration" for writing.  




 Different numbers, literally the exact same story. Long relationship, breakup, comparing girls to the previous relationship, feeling depressed, feeling anxious, feeling pathetic. 

I was lost in the same maze you are, because I always considered myself a sad person but I was afraid of appearing as one. However, I discovered an interesting thing. Women like variety. While you still posses the benefits of a young bond, if you could present your funny charachter, she'd have no problem with your sad charachter. Moreover, she'd probably fucking love it. Meeting a man who's both funny and depressed, and can manage both, is amazingly rare. 

About the anxiety of messing up, I'd say do some breathing techniques. Remember she probably feels the same way you do at this stage, even if sometimes she seems less emotionally attached. Women have their damn tactics. 

If you do feel anxious, take some time off. Despite its benefits of making her wonder why you took the time off, it really let's you relax. Think. Make decision while your mind isn't fueled by irrational emotions.

I might've gone too far in this reply, but those are some things I used in a smiliar situation and I'm currently comitted. 

And, of course, sorry for any silly mistakes in grammer. I live outside the US. 




 How many of you have once made progress regarding depression, and for a while might've been a bit thrilled with life, and woke up one morning to find yourself depressed again - yet in a different way?

You have these thoughts again, you hear this particular song, or scroll through Facebook seeing something that triggers the monsters- and even thought you already know how to deal with them, you read about it, despite all that, there's something blocking you from being happy again.

Almost as if you need a variety from all the happiness you've been having all week, and perhaps you wanna be yourself once again now. Depressed. It feels familiar, and honestly being this long without depression feels unnatural, and the more you think about it, the greater the fall for depression, and being thrilled and happy with life seems fake.

Nonetheless, you've achieved your variety. In some way, you think, you like this change of mood. I know I do. 

Just sharing my thoughts.  




 Watch Tony Robbins. 




 I'm 17, and I'm ashamed to admit I read a single book last year.

I've ADD, and I hate using it as an excuse for not enjoying the great world of literature. I listened to The Great Gatsby's audiobook, mostly because I've seen Fitzgerlad's quotes around the web and it was so beautifully written. 

Anyways, I would like to start reading. And I'm gonna continue reading the book even if it hurts, but I would like something interesting. Something inspiring, something great that I probably have never read. Nonetheless, something that isn't written in Fitzgerlad's English because that's still rather difficult for me.

Please help! 
 




 It's a shame such a thing has been left untreated, however, anxiety is such a major issue these days that fortunately enough there are several treatments for it that don't even require anyone else to know of your condition. I assume you've been searching for such treatments by now, so I'd like to hear what's your experience and what have you already tried. 




 I've been dealing with the same feelings for the past months, but I'm currently doing better.

The best breathing technique that worked for me was the 4-7-8. It is originally designed to make you fall asleep quickly, but I found it to be reducing anxiety during the day as well. 

You simply breathe in through your nose for four seconds, hold your breath for seven seconds, and exhale through your mouth for eight seconds. When you feel stressed or anxious, adrenaline courses through your veins, your heart beats at a rapid rate, and your breathing becomes quick and shallow. [The] effect of the breathing technique feels almost like a sedative drug, because in order to hold your breath for seven seconds and then to exhale for eightwhen your breath is so shallow and shortyour body is forced to slow your heart rate. It has no choice. Holding your breath, and then slowly, deliberately exhaling for eight seconds, causes a chain reaction. It feels like going from a mad-dash sprint to a finish line to a slow, leisurely, calming stroll through the park.

Watch relaxing videos several minutes before bedtime. Just google 'relax', and let YouTube take you through endless cat videos and the sounds of the ocean. 

Whenever you feel like you're getting into these thoughts again, take a breath. Use the same 4-7-8 technique, and try to evaluate the situation in 3rd person. Say, "Is whatever's bothering him REALLY that dangerous, or is his mind just not thinking clearly right now?"

I hope you'll be doing better. Keep me updated.  




 It's known that marijuana may cause anxiety for some people, luckily it's really easy to stop using. I would suggest avoiding 'irregular' treatments and start approaching anxiety through the old-fashioned way. There is a countless amount of articles regarding anxiety, but you may begin with the top posts in this subreddit. 

I've recently began a program called 'The Human Approach', you could google that even if you're unsure of your condition at the moment. 




 1. When I change the skin, the app restarts in an ugly way.
2. I'd like to see the regular iPhone passcode, rather than a complicated one (with a string of text). 

Other than that, everything seems to be nice. iPhone 5 - iOS 8.3 




 I haven't told anyone about my writing. It's one of the few things that keep me passionate in life, that gives purpose to my depression. I like it. Anxiety makes me imagining things turning out wrong, but for some reason it's not like that with writing. I imagine myself turning out as a good author, even though I'm only seventeen and English isn't my native language.

Anyways, I feel better now. Thanks. (: 




 Assuming you're using Chrome:

1. Right click on the button.

2. Should present something as: "thebutton-container pressed"

3. Change it to: "thebutton-container unpressed"

4. Press the button. 




 I mean, without losing sensation there by morning. 




 I've been writing for two years, but honestly I don't have the energy anymore. I'm stuck. I'm anxious. .I'm worried about failure because I never myself anymore. I'm a miserable fucking teenager trying to hide his depression from people because no one likes these 'depressed people'. Instead, I try to act carelessly, as if I don't give a fuck while I'm actually a prostitute of feelings, and it's not going well for me, too. I've no control, so I figured that if I'm already destroying myself I might as well do it intentionally. 

Nonetheless, self-destruction doesn't feel good, too.  




 Everything I do makes me anxious. Trying to improve my relationships gets me obsessively anxious and ultimately depressed. 
I just lost hope things will get better. It's a fucking lie.   




 When you don't believe you could get better anymore, when there's no reason to thrive for better things anymore. I believe this has more to do with r/suicidewatch.  




 While I believe ADHD has a direct connection with creativity, having many ideas bursting simultaneously means nothing if you can't manage them. I usually try to perfect all of them altogether and, therefore, leave them unfinished. 




 28 on PC. 




 I'm scared of changes. I'd rather be sad, and lonely, and live with pain because honestly that's what I've been doing for the last couple of years. No, I'm not ready for adulthood. 

How should I tell them? Explain the whole thing, or just say I need treatment?  




 You're gonna be okay. I'd kill to be consulted right now.  




 The main reason is I would be emberassed. They would treat me differently, and perhaps I'm gonna end up as the fucked up kid in the family. Moreover, I'm generally affraid of changes. I don't know.  




 My parents are just very old-fashioned. I'm sitting by the computer most of the day and we don't have such a great connection. I would feel very emberassed telling them I've anxiety, and I fear I would be treated diferently as if I'm just crazy.  




 I live in Israel. I will be drafted in 7 months and I believe I could see a psychologist there even thought it may get me dismissed from the army. 




 I'm 17 and I've been dealing with serious anxiety for the last couple of months. I wanna get help, but I don't wanna tell my parents that I've anxiety (or anyone else I know, for that matter). 

Are there any possibilities for me to get treated without them knowing? I live outside the US. 




 My name would appear somewhere on the news and my friends would go 'omg but he was so happy', and watching their temporary surprise is probably the only thing worth living for. I'd love to see what they have to say, if any one them would blame themselves and if she would ever know. Perhaps at some point some of my journals and fantasies would be found and she would remember me. That's the other thing worth living for.  
























 That's not always true. I haveboth anxiety and depression, you can read my submittions in this account if you want, and I can say that last time I had a an anxiety attack i sent a selfie of me to my "online supporter/friend". 

Pluls, she may've wanted to take a selfie to show that this situation is real. I don't know, but it's not that odd.  




 Live radio broadcasts?  




 Remember Jeremy Meeks? 




 Amazing.  




 Give it to her when she returns home and tell her to read?  




 My mother is a doctor, and I don't know much about the system. She always treated my health, and I don't know how I could see a physcologist without her knowing. Anyways, I wanna tell her.  




 I know. She called today, and I was this close to telling her but I didn't know how. She thinks I'm normal, because I always laugh and sit quietly around the house, and I don't know how she would respond. 

I'm gonna tell her anyway. I need to do that, I know. 

Thank you for the support.  




 Do you think I should use the letter, or tell her directly? 




 Thank you so much for the response. It really made me greatful to know that you care. I feel so bad not knowing what to do, and I'm glad you're standing behind me. I will keep you updated.  




 Yesterday I wanted to kill myself, and so I was so emotional I wrote a letter to my mother telling her how I feel. She doesn't know how I feel. I put the letter in her case so she could read it at work, but I woke up at 4am and took it. I just don't want her to look at me differently, as if I'm just some fucked up son, because I always look so happy around the house, and I'm afraid to imagine things differently. However, I know I need deep psychological treatment while I'm still young (I'm almost eighteen), but I just don't know how to tell her. 

Any ideas? Any people who experienced something similar to this? Please share your stories/advices. 

Thank you. Any comment would be helpful.  




 This is just bad. Nothing more.  




 Does it work for WhatsApp? 




  If light travels faster than the speed of sound, how come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/30q7ir/if_light_travels_faster_than_the_speed_of_sound/) 




 My God, this looks so badass. Alright, I'm putting aside 60$ for this summer.  









 Yes, he does. Why do you ask? 




 Call me an asshole, but I find it so dumb when someone has to express how much they're dying of laughter right now.  




 So I've been working on a Hebrew novel for some years now, and I've been collecting all kinds of plot-related notes and writing its plot-related scenes, but I realized there's a problem with that. Well, I should've imagined that eventually I would have too much of notes and scenes that organizing them into a single document would hardly be possible, but I feel that I should tackle this ASAP.

So, dedicated writers of Reddit, how should I approach this? Any effective ways/tools that could perhaps help me during the process? 




 I've been feeling this forever. I call it 'happy depression', and I've been trying to figure out how it could be possible. It's the best feeling ever though, for sure.  




 Something as "I look for something casual, but hey, life's surprising". I dunno. 









  Don't procrastinate.

This has a new meaning for me now. Write your fucking novel for God's sake, just sit on the fucking chair and write it. Sentence by sentence. Scene by scene. WRITE. 




 I keep each gram in its original, tiny bag. Is that cool enough? Should that last until next week-2 weeks from now? 




 I bought 2 fresh grams last week, and I've been planning to smoke them next week. I keep them closed in that small bag in a fair temperature (25 degrees celsius, to be exact). Is that okay?  




 GODDAMN IT I THOUGHT JUSTIN VERNON JUST RELEASED SOME NEW MUSIC FOR BON IVER. FOR GOD'S SAKE. ^What ^a ^beard ^though. 




 It's not about your appearance. I've full confidence in my appearance and talk to really hot girls, and yet I could relate to everything you said in your first paragraph. 

It doesn't matter what you look like, our minds will always find some silly imperfections. That's what they do.  




 Personally, I never felt like I don't deserve to be happy.  




 Thank you. This made me smile so much. 

I think my mom would support me, and I could tell her that I've been writing my own novel, and that I've a girlfriend. This would all be very new to her, and a little embarrassing for me but hey, if this is what it takes to get better, I'm willing to do this. 

I'm probably gonna get anxious about this soon, but right now I've hope. I don't quite know how to explain this, but I feel better just thinking about it. 

I'm gonna PM you, and hopefully I could ask for further assistance and keep you updated? 




 What kind of therapy do you go to? 

I may tell them I'm depressed, that I really do have a mental illness and that I wanna go see a doctor. I'm only afraid of what if they ask questions, and eventually I'm gonna say that it all began with a girl. 

It's gonna sound pathetic, but when I think about it now, I think I could work this out. Maybe I'd tell my mother, I think she'd understand me more. I'd ask her to keep it a secret - and just visit a doctor to see what's wrong and how we can continue from there. 

What do you think?  




 I've spoken with many people who had anxiety, read about the topic, taken several tests, despite the fact that I think I'm aware of what I'm feeling isn't normal. 

And this won't work, my mother's a doctor and a psychiatrist would cost money. I'm gonna have to keep my depression to myself, at least until I'm on my own.  




 I know... what part made you realize that? 




 Admitting you're depressed isn't a simple thing. I'm afraid my parents would feel sorry for me, and they're so old-fashioned they wouldn't understand it anyway. It's almost like confessing you're gay to religious parents.  




 I suffer from anxiety and clinical depression. I'd fucking love to see a therapist, but the truth is I can't.  
























 theyre naturally like this. ive always been mocked for my lips. 




 obvisouly. im not gonna color my eyes, i just wanted to hear yall opinions. 

and brown is my real color 




 I found this comment funny. 




 And they're good with music.  




 ive brown eyes in reality, but my gf photoshoped me these blue eyes and says i look hotter. what do you guys think?

http://i.imgur.com/VMjQyyr.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/975OJPp.jpg 




 Because you influence someone else, who influences someone else and so on. I feel like you're valuable to the world just because you influence other people's life, at least one. People think about you. Some probably miss you, even if it doesn't seem like that. Plus, you can get your life together and become an inspiration to so many more people. And ultimately, you can change my life back.  




 Just found this subreddit. Anyways, my name's Daniel, Jewish (wasn't hard to guess), not religious though. I did have Brit Milah, which generally means some Rabbi cut my dick when I was a few weeks old (just like any other Jewish child in Israel), so... yeah. Not the best kind of introduction, I guess. Anyway, I use WhatsApp so if you wanna talk send me a PM.  




 Just discovered this subreddit. I'm sorry for my terrible fucking English, I'm from the Middle East. 

Anyways, I'm 18, been in love with my ex since 13, and never really got over her until this year. I wrote about her, saw her in every fucking song, every fucking girl who I compared to her and failed. I've so many things to tell you guys - how your mind plays tricks with you and makes everything appear more nostalgic, more beautiful. How you're in love with your ex because he promised you a mutual future, one which you obviously aren't living right now, and you think that he could give you that future. 

Your mind is lying. 

Trust me, and if I'd hear this a year ago I would never believe this, but you're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this.

I found a new love a few months ago, and I just opened up, and slowly and gradually, I forgot my ex. Yes, after five years I realized I'm worth more than her, and that someone loves me better than she did, so why the hell should I make myself look pathetic and chase her? I found someone better, and so will you. Trust me. 

Once again, sorry for my terrible English. Love you guys. 




 I hope I'm not too late. Came here from a google search, and I just felt something while reading your story.

I see  that you're clearly moving foward, and the fact that you made progress is really great to hear because I'm sure you understand that it ain't easy. Second of all, as someone who called people fat in high-school, I can tell you that these peopel are 99% unconfident of themselves and while it doesn't show when they bully you, when they return home they just wanna have confidence in themselves. 

It's like a nicotine addiction, when you gotta gain your confidence by destroying others, and making yourself stand taller because they usually back down. I, personally, always felt lonely at home and saw all these great people who get laid and I wanted to be like them but couldn't, so instead I picked up on people to get myself confident in myself. I didn't make progress in that area only until recently (18 years old), and you, young man, you certainly did. Be proud of yourself. 

Anyway, don't give up. Continue being a fucking legend and losing weight, live the life you want and fuck the bullies. Don't let their pathetic 'addiction' affect you, just look at them next time they laugh at your face and rememebr what I said here. Remember me. The man who suffers alone and usually doesn't make progress, the man who's so fucking pathetic he needs to bully someone to feel good and confident with himself. 

You're awesome.  




 r/bioshock
Pedro II looks like Zachary Hale Comstock. 




 r/okay 




 Fuck, how did I never use that? Fucking amazing.  




 Well, if it would be the perfect crime you'd probably give it to some maniac in your order to save your five-year-old sick daughter or to find the cure for cancer. You get my point. 




 No, the perfect crime would be putting a replica of the Mona Lisa in the museum, and having the original one at your living room.  




 Makes sense. My depression began two years ago, and it's been getting worse recently. 

The reason I asked you this is because sometimes when you think about the origin of your depression, in my experience, it makes you understand that the situation today isn't as it was back then. Things ain't what they used to be. You're left with the emotions you experienced back then, but if you think about that experience, you basically challenge these thoughts. Hell, you can even replace them with new ones.

I feel it doesn't help anyone, but I encourage you to take some fifteen minutes today to run memories backwards and think about the origin of your depression. Do it in a comfortable enviorment and let me know the results.  




  Like it was a mistake. But for me, a fortunate mistake

I wanna see you write.  




 Nice. I've always done #5 unknowingly by talking about ADD, and asking if she has that. 

[I gave her these 'symptoms'](http://www.lifehack.org/articles/lifestyle/20-things-remember-you-love-person-with-add.html), and usually they go like 'OMG THATS TOTALLY ME', then we talk about her best/worst trait and stuff like that.  




 I think he was joking.  




 true savage

how old are you OP 




 Happy birthday you beautiful fucking bastard.  




 Watch a movie. Play an instrument. Learn to play an instrument. Sing alone, or at least in the shower. Find yourself role models, not just beautiful ones - but ones who inspire you. Read. Write, at least a journal. One which will have your bad experiences and delightful ones, and you can't imagine how uplifting it will be when you're down. Learn a new language (Duolingo). Go for a walk, send me a PM, etc. 




 Can you explain how your depression began? What's keeping it? 




 First comment on Reddit, 119 karma. Neat.  




 Text her out, just the two of you.  




 As I said, everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want. whether or not people are aware of the risks when they smoke, that's their thing. However, you can't blame people who TELL you the risks, without actually doing the drug (that's OP's rant). 




 Still happens.  




 People speak what they know. However, you can't ignore the facts. Would you say smoking is healthy, for instance? You look at the numbers. 

 Each year, an estimated 443,000 people die prematurely from smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke, and another 8.6 million live with a serious illness caused by smoking.

Now, of course, everything is deeper than numbers. Sometimes numbers do lie, as there's not a single recorded death of someone who died of marijuana, but people did jump of rooftops while they were high. 

Don't think I'm an old conservative about drugs. I'm seventeen, and while I'm still inexperienced in the area I think ignoring so many numbers and studies, and basing your opinion on a drug STRICTLY on your experience from it - well, it's kinda ignorant. 

Sorry if did sound like a conservative at the end. Overall, I don't think my argument would matter to someone because everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want. 

 




 TIL one second has one million microseconds. 




 Why won't you? Women find these more playful than offensive. 




 Most Russians these days who live in the distant Eastern towns look very much alike.  




 Why doesn't it show contrast? A nuclear bomb, an amusement park. So maybe it's not particularly for a nuclear weapon but violence, wars, and I don't know what kind of message he wanted to deliver but this image shows both the connection and the contrast between the two. 

Plus, no art, even a chilidish one, is supposed to make sense on first sight. Yes, you can say it's poorly done and it's your opinion, but I don't think this kid should be laughed about for this.

Btw, sorry for any English mistakes. I'm not from the US. I'm seventeen, for the record.  




 It's actually pretty good. Obviously it's very amateurish, but it shows how children are living in a world where nuclear weapons are so common, and it just shows the contrast between the two. I don't know, I think it's kinda nice.  




 Just do pushups man. I promise you that if you do 10 reps every time you go to the bathroom, you'll start seeing difference VERY quickly. 

And obviously soon enough you could do more than 10 reps. 

To eat healthy, you must first see the outcomes of not eating healthy. For example, I noticed every time I eat these salty snacks, my skin gets just plain awful. Therefore, my brain automatically rejects it and searches for something else instead.  
























