 I actually never use ctrl x. Dunno why, I'm a com sci major too... I use the other two though. 




 Use IE. 




 At my college you can easily talk the cops out of almost anything 




 I kissed myself and I liked it~ 
























 She hits a lot of asian stereotypes, but she sounds pretty narcissistic.

Keep in mind there are many different kinds of narcissism, for example my mother is a shy narcissist... Which is an oxymoron, but I cant describe it any other way.

The worst thing about narcissistic parents is that you need to get away from narcissists but youre supposed to stay close to your parents :/

I wish you luck. 




 Tried to pretend I was straight and cis. Lel. 




 Clownfish. Changing gender to a different one than you were assigned at birth sucks. 




 Lets make a list of evil...

All their Laffy Taffy shall be yellow. Their audio when watching videos shall be .1seconds off. Mosquitoes shall bite them in awkward places. The shaving razor will cut them every time, no matter how careful the are. Nobody will talk to them at parties. Their shuffle shall always land on the same 10 songs. Telemarketers shall call every day. They will always get the 30 second ad on YouTube. AdBlock will not work for them. 500 ms of lag, no matter what. 
























 You are not insane. Get out. Now. I know several people who went through this and it never ends well. 




 This is probably rude, but that's actually so bad I'm impressed. You've got every right to be upset. Remember, narcissists specialize in blaming YOU.

I agree with /u/blizaardvark's advice. 




 Not all therapists are helpful, unfortunately. A lot of them stay in business because N-parents being their kids in then praise them for "helping" when all they do is try to validate the narcissism.

This is stereotypical, but I have found every religious therapist I went to like this. Not a ton of data, but enough for me to avoid them like the plague. 




 My mother gifted my father a new vacuum, and a new smoke alarm. He gifted her a new set of golf clubs for himself later that year.

Im sitting here like wtf.

I was 8 or 9. 
























 One of the few situations where I dont mind being trans. Gettin my insider information from my undercover years~~~ 




 I could care less about all these word crimes. 




 My mom spent most of her 40s trying to look younger. It was rather amusing, but she never went to the extremes yours did.

I referred to her as "Susan" after the character from the Narnia books who does just that :) 




 Oh yea, I get tons of these. I'm worse than most, as almost anything reminding me of my mom sends me into a full blown panic attack. And I'm talking normal stuff like hugging, the song "Let it go" and the scent of roses.

Triggers are common, very common. How you deal with them is up to you, but for most people it required external help. The first step, as usual, is recognizing the problem.

Good luck! 
























 A lot of people are dicks, but know that not everyone is.

If you ever wanna talk, you can pm me :) 




 Even cis white males? 




 I would say chocolate but I hate it cuz it's so tempting and it makes me fat. 




 My name is Pablo Diego Jose Fransisco... 
























 What... Dude, no offense but you might wanna talk to a psychologist about this... 




 /r/tifu awaits your story! 




 they'd flip and immediately go into lockdown

I feel like most people would. That being said, my mom didn't care either way but she's a total narcissist. If you ever wanna talk just pm me :) 




 /r/im14andthisisdeep 
























 de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santsima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso!

Back to you, Bob. 




 Imagine going up against a class-action lawyer after Anonymous decides it would be fun to brick all the Jeep Cherokees in California, 

Lololololol.

When I first started reading I was like "wtf why are they going to release this hack???" but luckily they explain that they're not fully releasing it... 




 I'm not saying I'm Batman... Just that nobody's seen me and Batman in the same room together ;) 




 Kinky. 
























 Can you blame them though? 




 "Human kind can not gain anything without first giving something in return. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost. That is Alchemy's first law of equivalent exchange."

-Alphonse Elric 




 Just messing with you ;) 




 There are many people who have gone through what you are going through, and having personally gone through a similar experience, I know it is NOT something anyone should have to go through alone.

There is always support. The key is you have to want help. 
























 Actually, Near guessed, acted stupid, got lucky with his guess (about 10x), got lucky with his stupidity, and then won.

We can argue all day over how legit Near's guesses were up till Episode 36/37, but then they're clearly BS.

Let's assume Near guessed everything up till this point. Let's not worry about how he did it, maybe he got lucky, maybe he had more info that we the viewer didn't see, but just assume he did.

Therefore, he knows Mikami is X-Kira, Light is L-Kira, Mikami has a notebook, Light likely has pieces of a notebook, and he knows that Light has guessed that he's found out about Mikami.

So he does his whole make-a-fake thing, plants it with Mikami, then breaks into the bank and makes another fake. Plan set.

But it's a stupid plan. Near STAKES HIS LIFE on the fact that Mikami would come back in after writing the names. Why would he do this??? Near knows that Light has figured out most of his plan. He HAS to know that there's extra pieces of the notebook scattered around. There is NO REASON for Near to assume that Mikami will even have the notebook with him. Mikami could easily look in, snap a picture with his phone, then take off.

What now? Are you telling me Near hadn't thought of this very obvious possibility?

Also, what if Mikami had just brought a gun and come in blazing? What if he brought backup? NO WAY COULD NEAR NOT THINK OF THIS.

tl;dr- Near's guesses are just lazy writing. 




 You will never be alone. If you ever want to talk confidentially, feel free to PM me. There are many people out there willing to help. There are many people who have gone through what you have.  




 My N mother always asked me to explain myself, my reasoning, then yelled at me for arguing.

Eventually I just gave up, stated my opinion as obviously as I could, and when she questioned it I just repeated it word-for-word. No matter what she said.

It worked pretty well, I'm happy to say. 




 Good for you.

Thank God for your aunt, things could have gotten much worse if not for her.

Hope things get better for you, breaking up with your family is difficult, especially when they later try to pull the excuse "But we're FAMILY!" 
























