 hopefully that's the plot of the movie.  I may go see it. 




 I've been blown by Richard Simmons 




 I don't want to pray to the crust 




 Bite My Shiny Metal Ass 




 Boogie Nights 




 very insightful and very funny story.   




 Sake 




 It's clean, crime free and beautiful.  never happen in America 




 I wouldn't give a fuck either.  Feel free to bury me.  




 He was being held in Arizona because lack of papers 




 silver dollar 




 It's common knowledge Hell's Angels are afraid of puppies 




 I agree best name for a boat i have ever seen. 




 That cover is awesome 




 Amen 




 Motor boat 




 30 seconds ago i was a fan of Argentina, but now i am with Paraguay until the end... 




 me too 




 You assume an adult actress would be in class 




 That looks AWESOME! 




 Love it! 




 That's Damn Funny! 




 I hope you're right.  I LOVE ZELDA 




 She has got fantastic patience.  That is beautiful.   




 wow!  it looks as good as you think it would 




 trailer looks good 




 looks great. 




 What can you say?  




 sorry, I laughed 




 can't blame you for not caring.  I barely car about Aquaman and now your shoving Aqualad down our throats. 


 




 I guess schools out for the summer so all the little kids are on reddit? 




 "That bitch in the back row is smokin." 




 sad. very sad. 




 Anthony Hopkins as Odin 




 I LOVE IT!! 




 thought it was pretty damn funny 




 That's freakin funny 




 Need More All Star Batman 




 The street art/illustrations by artist Don Lucho are fabulous.  Gfest would love to sit on a bench and watch the expressions of all the people that passed by and viewed the crime scene. 




 A new trailer for DC Universe Online has been released today where Game director Chris Cao Shows us a portion of Metropolis that all comic book fans are familiar with - Suicide Slums.   




 This is why foreigners hate Americans.  I mean, how pathetic can you be?  At least she let one of our men in uniform go ahead of her.   




 Can I have an Amen! 




 Fantastic.  You should dell those bad boys. amazing 




 Someone named Joseph Senior, just made me think that Hello Kitty was kind of cool.  That's an amazing artist right there.  Mr. Senior has crossed Hello Kitty with mainstays of popular culture such as Wolverine, Batman, Star Wars, Star Trek, Buzz Lightyear, and even Robocop.  Genius. 




 Gfest loves exclusives.  Especially SDCC exclusives.  The word exclusive to a comic/action figure lover is as powerful as cocaine is to Lindsey Lohan.  So Gfest was very happy that Diamond announces their exclusives for this years big show.  Click READ MORE for the full list.
 




 Can you solve the Gfest Riddle? We'll give you a picture and three clues to guess the actor's name that is rumored to be Christopher Nolan's pick to play the Riddler in Batman 3.  Third Rock from the Sun, Cobra Commander, and Inception.  Got it? 




 Some of the biggest PlayStation 3 games will be available to play in 3D this year. The first 3D games hit as early as tomorrow. 




 wonder how many more of these there are 




 Since Futurama's season premier is right around the corner, Gfest thought we would get you in the mood by posting this video from Comedy Central of Dr. John D. Zoidberg's best one-liners.  




 I need an ipad.  Lot of people i would like to put in the phantom zone 




 hope you find it as funny as i did 




 Great Job. I know how tough it is to accomplish it.  Amazing how much better you feel when you kick the cig. 




 seems like such a tough choice 




 can i have one? 




 In the shower with this shaving cream.  it's cheap and the best.  i have very sensitive skin too.  http://www.amazon.com/C-O-Bigelow-Premium-Shave-Eucalyptus/dp/B003D2NMH0
 




 Devo = Futurama = Awesome 




 I hope so 




 CAN'T WAIT 




 literally smoking 




 i'd get mad an break it open 




 love harley quinn 




 Bitching a Classic  - A Great Comic Book Game 




 My precious.   




 emma watson looks good 




 can't wait for this game 




 she definitely fits the bill.   




 damn funny cartoon 




 funny 




 can't wait 




 It will be interesting to see who is batman's rogue 




 i cannot wait until November. This game is going to be fanatstic 




 She's better looking than Rob Corddry but probably not as funny 




 it's the most wonderful thing i have seen 




 can;t wait 




 very funny cartoon 




 unbelievable.   




 Damn funny picture.  Steve Jobs Killed Barry Allen (again) 




 Gonzo as Loki is wonderful 




 good move on her part.  Megan should have thought of that 




 Fun Game 




 Just a fantastic T-shirt design 




 Les Grossman is the best role Tom Cruise has ever played in a movie.  Abusing the vampire is icing on the cake 




 too funny.  needs to be a t-shirt 




 Funny and most likely true 




 she's mine all mine.  no one else's. 




 beautiful art and trailer looks fantastic 




 Can white people be colorbling, or is that just a black thing? 




 Love the random call out to Obama. 




 Now I wish I really was colorblind, given how much time I wasted in my youth trying to solve the damn cube. 




 Remember the scene is in the original "Men in Black" movie where Will Smith auditions for Tommy Lee Jones and Rip Torn to determine if he has what it takes to be a part of the team?  Well Heidi Montag apparently put together this god awful audition tape for Michael Bay to land Megan Fox's role in "Transformer's 3."   




 However, hidden in the latest Warner Brothers studio report at The Hollywood Reporter is a hint at what role DC will play in the studio's future plans in the way every fan has been waiting for: more DC movies. And apparently first up on the slate will be the fastest man alive himself. 




 Actor Temuera Morrison, best known to gfesters as Jango Fett in Stars Wars, has been very candid lately about his role as Abin Sur in the upcoming Green Lantern Movie. In fact, in an interview with Latino Review, he revealed several great little nuggets of wisdom about the film. 




 Mattel released the exclusive packaging and content of this years DC Comics SDCC exclusive Plastic Man action figure, your friends at Gfest were as excited as Dick Grayson when he became Batman (despite the fact he is a whiny little bitch).   




 That is hilarious.  Well done. 




 simply awesome.  simply beautiful.  I simply must have! 




 beautiful covers old and new 




 Lucky, Lucky kids 




 jury is out on the how good it will be but we'll see 




 beautiful cover by Ivan Reis 




 I didn't think I couldn't love her anymore than i did before but I was wrong 




 beautiful recreation of great darkness saga cover with Darkseid.   




 very interesting.  Blackest Night has to be the  most successful DC comic book series to date 




 That is beautiful. Hulk looks amazing. 




 sure looks like it 




 I will unlock your iPhone ladies 




 She looks so damn hot in this new June 2010 Vogue photo shoot 




 she is so damn hot 




 funny.  love the Darth Maul 




 It's "Hump day" we though we would share some pictures of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model and actress Brooklyn Decker in a tiny yellow bikini.  Enjoy the pictures of the Hawaiian beach and ocean and if you get chance check out Brooklyn.  




 Gfest cannot express in words how much we LOVE Bender Bending Rodriguez.  We can't wait to see Bender and his shiny metal ass in all the brand new episodes of Futurama next month.  Thank God for these daily storyboards that help feed the need of Gfest's Futurama addiction. 




 love batman beyond.  beautiful cover.  cannot wait for this miniseries 




 Jeff Smith's website Boneville just released the cover art for Rasl #8 and it's delicate mixture of beauty and creepy.  It's got Gfest excited for the next issue. Enjoy this beautiful cover of one of the most disturbing looking little girls in comics. 




 Sweet Controller.  Japan Gets everything good. 




 Tonner reveals its San Diego Comic Con International show exclusive, Leila from Warner Bros. Entertainments upcoming feature film, Jonah Hex.  An authorized likeness of Leila (as portrayed by Megan Fox), Saloon Leila is 16 tall and is limited to 200 pieces.  Saloon Leila is $149.99 and can be purchased in Tonner booth 4148. 




 he's no bruce wayne but someone did steal grant Morrison's kidney 




 love this show cannot wait for series premier.  ass to mouth awesome! 




 This Aquavista Panoramic Wall Aquarium comes with all the gear necessary for a tropical aquarium, including an automatic feeder, dual filtration, heater, air pump, lighting, and a carbon dioxide generator, all of which is controlled via a side-mounted, touchscreen LCD. Available in 5-foot, 20 gallon and 6-foot, 25 gallon models. 




 pretty damn funny  




 leela bender.  bite my shiny metal a$$ 




 I love her more and more everyday 




 funniest snl sketch in a long, long, long time 




 that is sweet.  i need my own secret batcave entrance. 




 beautiful cover. can't wait to read this miniseries 




 She's dirty girl.  




 Love all the planet of the apes movies.  great picture too. 




 Can come up with a better one? 




 If you were wondering what's next to follow Wii Sports, Wii Fit and Wii Music, Nintendo provided the answer today: Wii Party.  




 Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne #1 launches a special, six-issue event that chronicles the return of the original Dark Knight.  Each issue spans a different era of time and featuring the dynamic artwork of a different, A-list comic book artist. 




 Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne #1 launches a special, six-issue event that chronicles the return of the original Dark Knight.  Each issue spans a different era of time and featuring the dynamic artwork of a different, A-list comic book artist. 




 They are beautifully Cool 




 Funny as hell cartoon 




 Funny as hell Cartoon 




 Great Shirt 




 Great overview and excellent humor.  love these weekly updates.  short, sweet and accurate 




 Emma Watson is so damn sexy 




 Then you will love today's Gfest Birthday - Erin Andrews.  She's the hottest reporter in all of sports. It's no wonder that Playboy magazine ranked her in 2007 as "America's Sexiest Sportscaster," beating out Lindsay Soto and Krista Voda. Andrews garnered almost 40% of the vote from the user-determined contest. The most popular video montage of Andrews on YouTube has been viewed over one million times. 




 lucky baby benjamin 




 Apparently, JJ Abrams has a trailer for a new movie entitled "Super 8" all ready for everyone to view this weekend when Iron Man 2 debuts. 




 Gfest is fifth on the pre-order list behind Reggie Bush, Marc Anthony, Jay-Z and the rest of the African American Male population. 




 Can someone please explain to me what her butt is doing in this video.  It seems like it has a nervous twitch.  I'm mesmerized by it regardless. 




 Lois Lane apparently isn't quite kinky enough for Superman.  Too Funny.  




 A Chinese kid whose parents wouldn't buy him comic books decided he'd do it himself.  




 the Rocky II of sueprhero anthems 




 Can't wait for this movie 




 Red Heads and Huge Tits = wonderful! 




 The song sucks (so does the artist) but the Simpson's  make it rock!   Watch the opening sequence below.  




 she's much better than David 




 wow.  hot. happy birthday 




 Megan Fox hands down! 




 Great show had a good run.   




 AWESOME!!!! 




 Even though its been leaked, I am excited to see it in its full form.  Nice picture too.  Way better than Steve Jobs. 




 She's fantastic.   




 They are gorgeous 




 I liked both movies too bad 




 My God does she look good. 




 She's wacked but I love the picture.   




 She's freakin gorgeous 




 Good for the Simpsons to give a shout out to South Park 




 That is one of the most unique forms of art I have ever seen 




 unbelievable and I am not just talking about the ipad 




 best super girl to date 




 Good Pick!!! 




 I would very much like to wish her happy birthday in person! 




 Sweet Game 




 who will play batman on stage? 




 Your right on guys. Like the picture 




 Usual Suspects was a an awesome movie.  can't wait to see these two work together again. 




 Need a lawn as great as that.   




 Great books. Love this series.  Cannot wait to read next book.  Great preview. 




 Great picks!  Three beauties 




 Can't wait for this game! Great preview. 
























 i know it's sad.   




 Agree.  Enters 8 non-major events and wins 5.  Competitive in Masters and British but still  gets no credit.  He will get number 15 but then it will be what about number 16. 




 Here is the link directly from PornHub
http://public.tableausoftware.com/shared/HR9SZ66TW?:display_count=yes 




 I've had a back spasm. It's unbelievably painful.  You just fall to the ground and hope it ends soon.  




 Unfortunately I do not.   




 I have that same putter. Love it! 




 All heroes die after Trinity event. We all knew it but why do they need to promo the ending? 




 agreed.  He's exactly right. 




 Congratulations. I've done it a couple times  and I might as well have beaten Tiger Woods. I felt so proud.  




 Funny and accurate 




 Thanks! 




 She reminds me of Jem from the 1980s
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jem_(TV_series) 




 Apologize.  I actually looked to see if it was posted didn't see it. I will delete it. Thanks for heads up.  




 I apologize if I pushed the rules.  Just letting everyone know it released today and that unlike previous game it does have in-app purchases PopCap is calling "micro-transactions."  Thanks for letting me know.  Have a good rest of the day.  PS.  I love the game and so do my children. 




 It comes out today and it has numerous in app purchase opportunities unlike the original game.  I can editorialize about anything I choose whether you agree or not.   




 http://www.ign.com/wikis/plants-vs-zombies-2/Microtransactions 




 I found it entertaining  




 I read Justice League, Phantom Stranger, Justice League Dark and Pandora book.  Since the Trinity War started, the two main books are Justice League and Justice League Dark.   




 100% agree.   wins, two top 10 finishes in majors.  year isn't even over yet but Tiger's lost it.  Imbeciles.   




 Cartman's going to be pissed 




 Amen!   




 I had that book as a kid.  Bet my it's still at my parents house.   




 Thanks! 




 That's amazing to look at the amount money that golf generates today compared to 59 years ago.  Jack to only make that amount of money is insane.  




 You're welcome. They look tough! 




 That's damn funny 




 Chris Berman and golf don't mix.  actually, Chris Berman and anything don't mix 




 These are fantastic.  Thank you!   




 I'm a DC guy so don't know much other than the original movie.  Agree this Loki better than the original (sorry couldn't resist) 




 My 7 year old sons favorite movie.  




 i do as well.  Apparently, winning 5 tournaments thus far in 2013 is not enough.   




 agree with you 




 This was by far the best Flash Point series 




 Underwhelming but fitting is a perfect description.  




 Got 3 boys 7,9   12. They all play and love it. Best dad bonding on experience. 




 People who shouldn't play the game.  




 That's nasty 




 How'd you hit it? 




 My apologies 




 They're as bad if not worse than the NCAA 




 Takes a set of balls to do that 




 What a deal 




 And write bad movies. Who would have thought? 




 Agreed 




 The mask part 3 




 New 52 




 Scariest thing I've ever seen 




 i will take a lifetime supply please 




 funny 




 i want one.  i want one .  i want one 




 OR THE POST CAN PROVIDE THOSE THAT WOULD HAVE NOT OTHERWISE KNOWN THAT IGN WAS COUNTING DOWN THE TOP 25 WII GAMES OF 2010 THE OPPORTUNITY TO NOW FOLLOW THE COUNTDOWN. 




 sorry, I was under the assumption it was all 25 games.  my fault.   




 read slow and read carefully.  it's a wild ride that i am still not sure if I liked or disliked.   




 Sad so very sad 




 Go fuck yourself you lazy piece of shit.  




 I loved the whole run of ex machina.  social and political commentary is well done regardless of your political or social persuasion. 




 Tiger Woods would be proud! 




 beautiful!!!  Lucky Kids! 




 the official r/comicbooks is a good list to start but I would also recommend Judd Winick's "Barry Ween," Bill Willingham's "Fables," Green Lantern saga by Geoff Johns starting with "Green Lantern Re-Birth," Brian K. Vaughn's "Ex-Machina," Grant Morrison's "All Star Superman," Brad Metzler's "Identity Crisis."

I could do this all day so let me know if you need more suggestions. Y-the Last Man by Brian K Vaughn is a great comic book to begin with because it is captivating from page one.
 




 fantastic find 




  The interview (or portions of it) have been all over various news outlets.  I am not making the assumption about Batman and Superman being together in a movie. I'm just providing a portion of the interview that everyone seems to be focusing on, "We talked about it."  Read the full interview. 




 I can't wait for this to be released.  It's been too long 




 agreed.  Winick's run at DC has been less than stellar but Barry Ween is his Starman.   




 awesome! 




 sorry, didn't see it but I guess more publicity for this brave little boy the better 




 Similar but yet different.  




 who doesn't like big boobs? 




 Locke   Key is a great suggestions.  Also Image Comics' Chew and Morning Glories are very good and relatively new so easy to jump in to. 




 I can tell you attended a top notch community college using the verbiage "Dude" and "I dunno". I guess English is not a prerequisite for obtaining a journalism "degree" at the University of Phoenix or other online school you may have attended in your esteemed collegiate career. 




 Shocking you would use your real name since I have read some of them.  The one maybe two two original articles that you have written during your esteemed journalistic career.  The rest I read on my blog three days prior to you posting them on Geeks of Doom.  I guess it takes a while to duplicate. 




 the official r/comicbooks is a good list to start but I would also recommend Judd Winick's "Barry Ween,"  Bill Willingham's "Fables," Green Lantern saga by Geoff Johns starting with "Green Lantern Re-Birth," Brian K. Vaughn's "Ex-Machina," Grant Morrison's "All Star Superman," Brad Metzler's "Identity Crisis." 

I could do this all day so let me know if you need more suggestions.  Y-the Last Man by Brian K Vaughn is a great comic book to begin with because it is captivating from page one.  




 You just proved my point, "Dragon*Con states in it's official policy that if you attend the convention you will be photographed and wave any legal right to ban such photography."  

How many other people took a picture of Tron girl?  How do you prove that was your photo?  I assume other dragon-con attendees had cameras and took pictures as well.  Perhaps, you were the only attendee allowed to carry a camera?  Maybe you were the official photographer of dragon-con?  

By the way, hard hitting journalism Woodward:  http://geeksofdoom.com/author/techgonzo/.  looks like zero original content to me.  just posting other stories on Geeks of Doom.  

Although, your hard-hitting, investigative stories featured in the Nashville Scene are surely Pulitzer worthy.  

As Judge Smails in CADDYSHACK said, "Well, the world needs ditch diggers, too" 




 It's nice to have an objective moderator.  Who knows what would happen if a reddit moderator was subjective in it decisions?  I guess different rules apply for gfest than every other redditor in this specific genre.   




 Still haven't addresses the legalities of the photo?  You keep ignoring that aspect for some reason.  I guess it's subjective when it comes to journalistic legalities.  It's easy to be the tough guy from a blog but like any cyber-bully as soon as you get in over your head and demonstrate to the world your ignorance you run and hide.   




 First you proved my point.  We are not the same person because I do not know what post you speak of.  

Still didn't address the legality issues.  They teach you that in journalism school?  

Fortunately, Law school, 10 years working for the speaker of the House and President of the Senate and now a decade of professional lobbying taught me how to play by the legal rules.

Also, congrats on your journalism career.  Seems to be going well for you.  Everyone hopes to graduate from journalism school and have a sexy Tron photo as their claim to fame.  hard hitting shit 




 I do attempt to post original content with each post and I do not just post from gfest if you like at my profile.  I give my personal take on that image, story, etc.  I notice that 'tchd' has numerous posts in other reddits that are nothing more than picture without comment.  If i just upload an image (via imgur) like him and then post it (similar to 75 percent of the folks on reddit), am I abiding by the rules?  Will I not be singled out?  Will a thread be blocked that personally attacks me without merit or fact?  Seems to me 'tchd' is cyber-bullying for his own gain.   




 I apologize for my friend not giving you proper credit for your Power Girl photo. 

By the way the photo has been all over the web without your name on it. 

How do I even know you took the photo?  Are you the only one that took the photo of this woman in a Power Girl outfit?  Are there 35 photos of the same woman by different photographers? Do you have a signed contract or waiver of liability from this woman that specifically spells out the licensing of the photo?  Does this woman know that you profited off her photo?  Did she give you written permission to utilize her photo for any type of media?  These are the questions that should be asked, prior to claiming ownership of a photograph taken outside of a closed, credible shoot.  

I feel sorry for you.  I've never seen someone so obsessed with something so trivial.  Unfortunately, It underscores your age and most likely professional capabilities.  Thus, why you are clamoring for attention over a photo of a woman in a Power Girl outfit. It's really quite sad.  




 Nightwingblows and I are not the same person.  I have been reading comic books for nearly 40 years and love every aspect of the comic culture.  I Don't believe (or nightwingblows) spam we just put up content we feel others will enjoy.

 I am married with four children and have a career.  I do the blog for fun, nothing more. I apologize if anyone has been offended by the blog or it's content.  It's a hobby for an old man (compared to most folks on here) that very much enjoys comics and comic related material. 

 It's funny because as you get older and become a parent you try your best to teach your children how to develop into a human being that respects all people and not to single someone out and/or bully for personal gain. When I see a reddit post such as this it reminds me that this practice continues on past childhood. 




 Sources are at bottom of post.  with the exception of the girl post all the others bullets were confirmed by WB, Zach Snyder, Darren Aronofsky and/or David Goyer. Don't mean to span just put up content i feel others will enjoy.  I do the blog for fun, nothing more.   




 I've always planned on reading thus book kept putting it off good review.  Getting it tomorrow 




 Now you are all just being picky.  We've all brought home worse at one-time or another. 




 great list KBPrince0.  Thanks!  Looking forward to heading to these sites to read. 




 I have 52 issues of countdown that I will be happy to give away to some unsuspecting kids.  It will be the scariest thing they get all night.  




 well said 




 Eric Cartman would be proud 




 You mean Marvel's Whore? 




 These prints are wonderful and very creative.  I am definitely getting the Batman/Penguin for my office 




 it was everything i hoped for and more.  Time Travel episode was excellent, "looks like we are going to have to go around again." 




 I hope Apple TV is good this time around 




 I agree Bruce Wayne has, is and should always be Batman.  DC is just confusing the the fans with too many titles with too many different Bat-men 




 The complaint is that Dick Grayson is the Batman in the new JLA 




 I think it is amazing.  Love the rough sketch. powerful. 




 my new religious philosophy 




 From his lips to God's ears 




 sorry.  should have posted the deviantart link.  here it is - http://mikepmitchell.deviantart.com/art/Darkwing-Duck-175589621?q=sort%3Atime+gallery%3Amikepmitchell qo=0
 




 still the greatest picture i have ever seen 




 if you read comics and are following the DCU right now then you should not be upset with the post.  DC released the image for a reason.  not a spoiler.   




 Craig McCracken created the Powerpuff girls not Genndy Tartakovsky Although they met in school and have been very good friends ever since.  Even collaborating on some projects.  McCraken also created Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.  Tartakovsky created Dexter, Samurai Jack and the original star wars clone wars cartoon. 




 Seaside Florida is the best in my opinion 




 Hulk meets the mask 




 Depending on your age and sensitivity some of these may be offensive but all good places to wet your comic whistle: Bone, Rasl, Preacher, Y-The Last Man, 100 Bullets, Invincible, Walking Dead, Mouse Guard, Boys, Ex Machina, American Jesus, Wormwood, Fables, etc. 




 These aren't so much independents but are outside the typical comic book genre and most importantly are fantastic reads. Bone, Rasl, Preacher, Y-The Last Man, 100 Bullets, Invincible, Walking Dead, Mouse Guard, Boys, Ex Machina, American Jesus, Wormwood, Fables, etc. 




 Thanks for the review.  very well done.   




 Fantastic.  




 My library books are overdue and i need to pay off my fine 




 Blackest Night ran in three books.  Blackest Night was a stand alone book but also the story continued in Green Lantern and Green Lantern Corp.  




 My fingers are crossed that the Ryan Reynolds Costume will not look as bad as it did in the picture.   




 he's fantastic.  love his art.   




 no offense taken.  good to chat with you.  least we both love comics.   




 This is how you pull apart Legos http://enveeapparel.wordpress.com/tag/legos/
 




 yes, i read the book.  I read any comic or graphic novel.  I like the premise of the book.  Millar hooked me with Superman Red Son and American Jesus.   




 I like the book.  Didn't know it was posted already.   




 Sorry, did see it on the board before my post. Apologize if I re-reddited  




 He's weird looking 




 I'd sprinkle some of my Fairy dust on her 




 Becareful.  His poop is really dark matter and it is real heavy  




 Story reads wonderfully.  Superboy needs to carve out his own identity.  He now seems regulated to a background character despite his re-birth.  I also love the Robin/Superboy team-ups. 




 this will help.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superman_%28Earth-Two%29
 




 I agree with you 100 percent about the content of this series, but the cover is nice 




 Fry Bitch! 




 poor bastard.  I have four kids too.   




 This is what I read when I log into reddit this morning, "Hopefully I'm not the only person here who finds that site's "breaking news" updates to be tedious and uninteresting, among other complaints." 

It put me in a bad mood.  Hard to swallow when one hypocritical person (Inquiry FM) takes it upon themselves for no reason to start a negative reddit against a blog. 

With that being said, If i offended you I apologize.   




 So it's OK for you to link people to your hour-long podcast, but it is not OK to link people to content on another page?  Seems reasonable.  Or maybe you are just jealous that Gfest blog gets thousands upon thousands of unique visitors a day and it looks like your podcast traffic consists of one unique visitor a day, which would be you. 




 I don't care one way or another about your thoughts on gfest but it seems hypocritical when you are promoting your shitty podcast (Inquiry FM.) to reddit.  FYI, the acoustics in your parents basement don't help the podcast. 




 Well hello Tobias Russell, how is the Bluth family today? 




 sad, sad, I had one of those... 




 i've wasted hours, days, weeks.... 




 Definetly worth the read.  Jack Horner arc is fantastic and the new jack (jack frost - his son) has been very good as well. No jump the shark.  Hood art and good writing.  




 Freaking amazing.   




 I miss it.  BKV never disappoints.  




 Great post! Great list.  Huge Batman fan excited to read a few of these titles. 




 blow job 




 i want one! 




 Amen! 




 dead-on 




 She's nasty regardless 




 fantastic.  I couldn't even make a square 




 need a citizen petition to start a referendum to ensure big tit s are not a crime.  I will be happy do the casting for the TV ads.  




 Chick magnet 




 Despite what the jackass named crunchmuncher posted below, I like the posts and information.  Thank you. 




 Can't Freakin Wait! 




 These are fantastic 




 Did it pop out of her stomach? 




 awesome and true 




 I second the last post 




 I like spicy food 




 The graphics remind me of playing the old Atari 2600 but very creative and well done 




 I'd pay whatever took to kick him in the balls.  




 I LOVE THIS 




 Wonder the pulp tasted? 




 i am laughing but i feel bad about doing so 




 I hard you were good in Precious Miss Sidibe 




 well done 




 i'd hit jake before i was forced to hit that 




 Three Blind Mice, baby! 




 beautifully done.  old suit too.  way better than the new one. 




 i've caught the fever as well 




 I love this comic.  Damn funny.   




 wonderfully cleverl 




 Sweeet 




 Well written and well drawn.  Kudos for developing such a wonderful story 




 Agree, terrible pick for Wonder Woman despite what, Morgue, the overly obsessed Tori Black fan believes.   




 I didn't think you could make Wonder Woman less relevant but DC is working hard to do just that. 




 I heard Steve Jobs got married recently, but he lost is iPhone at a bar on the honeymoon
 




 Love that book. My boys love it too.  




 I hope Robot Santa brings this to me for Christmas 




 I don't even watch soccer and that's damn funny 




 completely awesome 




 is that Biden? 




 Like playing paper mario 




 Timmy! 




 Christopher Reeves really is Superman 
























 [Image](http://i.imgur.com/GA2hJOS.jpg)
Bad A$$ 




 http://i.imgur.com/BdEGtxX.jpg
 




 Looked pretty dangerous in 'Hancock' 




 Hopefully be as good as this.
http://i.imgur.com/CjmSRcR.jpg
 




 I thought it was a joke when I first saw the headline.   




 Here's the link to the photo. 
http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/sdo-telescope-collects-its-100-millionth-image/#lowerAccordion-set1-slide4 




 No idea.  Seems like it would be a detriment.  




 Maybe this person told everyone razors shouldn't cost $5 a piece.  




 All Star Superman 




 http://247sports.com/Player/Nick-Bosa-26393 




 Good God he's amazing.  




 http://ftw.usatoday.com/2015/01/rory-mcilroy-nails-his-first-professional-hole-in-one-in-abu-dhabi
 




 Full article.  http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/01/15/why-a-jump-in-mortgage-refinancing-could-be-fleeting/ 




 except for the movie according to the ass-hats that decide Oscar nominations 




 I feel the same way.  I have four kids.  Need to take a loan just to afford tickets and food.  God forbid it's 3D or imax.. 




 sad about Fables.  Love that book. 




 Futurama. I miss it dearly.  




 Margaritas are gay 




 She'll be off in time to strip.  




 'Passage' volume 3 




 No one beats Nixon [Image](http://i.imgur.com/aFB1nD9.jpg) 




 I've been using AMRC by default since Alien Blue won't work correctly. Though I am going to give biscuit a shot after this post.  




 I am excited to read the books.  Thank you very much! 




 Link to original source. 
http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Daily/Issues/2014/12/05/Colleges/Bowl-gifts.aspx?  




 I think he will be very good and separate himself from Jack and Heath 




 Dude, Where's My Car? 




 Redditor manipulates Reddits with his mind 




 Thank you 




 It's just like a furby. No off button 




 Ronnie Lott was a monster on defense as well 




 And the best player
[Image](http://i.imgur.com/Xm03Sh6.jpg) 




 Im with you.  I like fireball and smokes 




 http://www.ebay.com/itm/181564707460  




 Ebola beats the Mommy American in fooling doctors 




 thanks! 




 I think Mark Zuckerberg owns that rainbow now. 




 Amen!!  




 Was it difficult? My kids have broken their screens and I take it to get repaired and always wondered if I could do it myself.  




 Better be careful  He's coming...
http://33.media.tumblr.com/4dc76482746dc9c5f244924d65de7626/tumblr_ncc1vidgUA1tmff4no1_1280.png 




 I always liked the Batman Wonder Woman dynamic from JLU cartoon. 




 Agree with you.  Too many apps with this requirement.  Wish the developers would just charge more for the game instead of trying to nickel and dime you as you play. 




 Glad everyone enjoyed it as much as I did.   




 Here is a link to the original source. http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/Assets/2014/09/SurfaceTransportationIntergovernmentalChallengesFunding.pdf?la=en 




 Does anyone know the synopsis of this story?  I am behind on Batman arcs. 




 I posted the link to the original source.  Thank you. 




 Here is the link to the original author - http://igotcharts.tumblr.com/post/98163044272/corporal-punishment-has-been-in-the-news-a-bunch
 




 i very much enjoyed Book 1.  When he finally reaches Walter towards the end of the book and gets the cryptic 'explanation' I was hooked on the series. 




 settle down, its all good.  i will remove it.  no need to be negative. 




 It was written by Grant Morrison 




 i think she is sexy and funny.  I am excited to see her in this movie if it the deal goes down. 




 what's the appropriate sub?  thanks for the help. 




 Have kids 




 Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/gallup-healthways-well-being-index-map-2014-9#ixzz3DVErieOx 




 we've all been there 




 You can tell he was passionate about it and not afraid to talk about the issue.   




 MacGruber 




 Thank you!   




 Link to full article and additional data http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/obesity-statistics-in-the-united-states.aspx 




 It's so far 'opposite' it comes back around as news.   




 Seems like lifetime ago 




 Better explanation of new camera features
http://techcrunch.com/2014/09/09/apples-new-iphones-get-dslr-like-camera-features/ 




 You can now take burst selfie photos. Isn't that what we all wanted? 




 That's fantastic. Thank you.   




 It's futurama though. I love that show 




 That could be about Mansfield.  I do know that Monroe was voracious reader that really enjoyed Tolstoy as well as others.  Regardless it is impressive that the rumor of her IQ is out there given her background.  Especially her early childhood years.  Thanks for researching.   




 http://www.buzzfeed.com/briangalindo/19-things-you-might-not-know-about-marilyn-monroe?s=mobile 




 http://www.buzzfeed.com/briangalindo/19-things-you-might-not-know-about-marilyn-monroe?s=mobile 




 I'm not sure but if you find out please let me know.  




 He's what the Republican needs more of.  




 'Where No Fan Has Gone Before' http://theinfosphere.org/Where_No_Fan_Has_Gone_Before
one my favorite episodes of all time. 




 300 people haven't heard of Netflix third party sites either 




 Thank you.  Fascinating story. Excited to see it.  




 Never heard of it.  What's it about? 




 I played Putt Putt at the Circus.  Loved it.   




 Payment options were Visa/Mastercard.  Imagine the frequent flyer miles... 




 Love those things.  Never enough in the crystal candy bowl  




 i do.  http://giphy.com/gifs/dswr4dRQtEzf2
 




 it's a very good book.  Interesting take on war from a completely unorthodox point of view.   




 Most impressive part is having only one drink.   




 Should have challenged Cheney 




 Amulet series. Saltwater Taffy series. Shazam by Jeff Smith.  Runaways by Brian K Vaughn.   




 Agreed. He looks huge.  




 'Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal' by Christopher Moore.  A wonderful story about friendship, love and forgiveness.  It is also one of the funniest books I've ever read.  I was raised a catholic but no longer follow any religion but after reading this book I think Catholicism would be better served following Joshua, Biff   Mary.  The book certainly gave me reason to pause and think about certain things.  Highly recommend the book.   




 Sorry don't know why it's doing that worked on my end the first time.  Try to fix it 




 IGN headline sorry  




 she's hiding her stump from the recent shark attack in this photo 




 Thank you 




 denied as well for both practice round and tournament.  Maybe 2016 will be my lucky year. 




 Brave and Bold was good for it's team-up characters. Brought out a lot of DC characters and stories that may have otherwise never been utilized in an animated show.  The JLU was by far and away my favorite batman. 




 Will do. Thanks for the heads up 




 That's funny as hell 




 I just felt Grant Morrison's run on Batman with Williams, Quitely and Kubert was one of the most influential Batman arcs in recent memory.  Whether people like it or not can be debated but the artist were top notch.  I read the introduction and qualification but Bruce Timm defined Batman for a generation with BAS. 




 Loved the original Pikmin. Now my kids play it. Very generous of you.  




 Dark Tower series by Stephen King (7 long books) made me very sad when it ended. Invested a lot of time and emotion into those books. Each and every character became a member of my family. I've read the series twice. The second read was just as emotional and heartfelt as the first.   




 100 Bullets by Brian Azzarello
The Exterminators by Simon Oliver
Stephen King's the Dark Tower by Peter David
The Boys by Garth Ennis 




 Seems like it would be a cleaning nightmare.  




 Bring it back! 




 * Artie Lange - Jack   Coke
* Gary Gulman (any)
* Janeane Garfola - If You Will
* Joe Rogan - 'Live at the Tabernacle'
* Kyle Kinane - 'Whiskey Icarus'
* Norm McDonald - 'Me Doing standup'

 




 Damn, sorry didn't see it.  Thought it was interesting.   No reason to get nasty.   




 he reminds of this guy! http://goo.gl/mFc2bb
 




 i agree with you on the utility bill.  He has only one child.  Lot of space for three people (really 2 people because he's on the road 40+ weeks a year). 
He seems like a nice guy.  Stopped and talked to my 12 year old boy during a practice round of a tournament for a few minutes and gave him a signed golf ball.   




 Great picture.  




 I read that article as well and thought the same thing when I saw this license plate 




 Congratulations great shot! 




 Just saw it today for the first time today  




 No idea.  Hoping someone would know as well. 




 Supparat Thepparat is an illustrator and art director from Bangkok, Thailand. He has worked for many advertising agencies, like BBDO and FP7/BAH.

You can follow him here http://www.behance.net/Supparat 




 Jealous. Two my favorites as well.  




 sorry.  thanks for letting me know. 




 The fight with Ed Norton alone wants to make me see this movie. 




 You and I would be excellent cart partners 




 please make more.  those are wonderful 




 Agreed. Seemed a bit strange. Wonder if Warner Brothers will step in and shut it down? 




 My favorite, "Take a look at the staff on the way in  thats the last youll see of them" 




 Sorry just saw this today  




 Artie Lange 'Jack and Coke' is absolutely hilarious 




 I didn't realize it was an article from 4/1. My apologies.  Just read it for the first time today.   




 did you make it?  It's beautiful 




 Looks good.  When will it be available? 




 Here is a link to the full story in the WSJ. http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303636404579395532755485004?mod=e2fb 




 Agreed much better 




 great collection.  love it. 




 Thank you.  I will give it read later today.  I've been wanting to pick up this book so happy to read a review prior to making the plunge.   




 Actually read somewhere they're making a Popeye CGI movie. 




 Where did you get those cases?  I really like them.  




 Batman 




 My son got this backpack for a Christmas present. It's bada$$.  




 Wtf did I just watch?  




 You can't have sex with raw meat on AMC? 




 i want one as well.  beautifully done. 




 She does look a lot like her.   




 Bob should play Batman in the new Superman/Batman movie. 




 They're all beautifully drawn and colored. The Batman Beyond is my favorite.   




 Sorry, I don't but will look to see if I can find it.   




 Love that comic and very glad it was extended past it's original 5 issue run.  




 Gotham by Gaslight
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gotham_by_Gaslight 




 http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/02/24/just-28-of-republicans-believe-gop-advocates-its-principles-well/ 




 I still finish a box cereal before I open a different box (type) of cereal.  Just the rule in my house growing up.  Not a fun rule.  




 Doesn't matter what he looks like if every batman would only sound like him
http://i.imgur.com/9R1Htgc.jpg 




 My 12 year old son just finished his science fair project this weekend.  It was hell.  He did all the research, report, etc. on his own but organizing, editing, reviewing, etc. took many hours.  Then after all that you need to put the god damn poster board display together.  One kid down three to go.   




 It's basically vanilla with red and blue food coloring.   




 i had not read about the release of a new big bertha driver until yesterday.  i apologize. 




 me too! 




  He's 8 years old.  There are numerous saints named Robert.  We were searching together to select a favorite.   




 I bet your right! 




 Film looks interesting.  Hard to believe these kids are only 7 years old.  here is the trailer.  http://theshortgamemovie.com/ 




 Difficult to determine.  Seems like we are right back where we started with some many different universes within DC.  Earth 2, Earth, Injustice, Future, etc.   




 Movie was so good but it the first 15 minutes were incredibly touching and emotional.   




 sorry,  that was just the headline from the article.  you're right. 




 Thank you.  I will add to the itinerary.   




 Have not played the course.  Just saw it for the first time.  After seeing it, I am going to try to make time this summer to travel there and play the course.  It looks amazing. 




 I miss Fairly Odd Parents.  Funny show. 




 Beastie Boys "Girls" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6otiLxT34DQ 




 and steamy 




 Yes, that is what I gathered from the video.  You put it in much easier (and better) terms than me. 




 second one always made you feel sick but i always ate it 




 your comment reminds of this far side cartoon - http://i.imgur.com/pdfjcen.png 




 Damn straight! 




 i've had plenty of McRibs in my lifetime.  Just didnt know that is was made from tripe, heart and stomach.   




 that's clever and funny 




 Just register with Titleist. I bought D2 Driver last year.   




 Amazing how many of those $60 a dozen balls you can find on a golf course 




 I understand that.  I have a backlog of books waiting to be read.  Dark Tower is the only books that I've re-read but I have friends that can re-read books numerous times.   




 ive seen quite a few but not many of the older ones on the list. 




 me too.  looking forward to it. 




 That's funny 




 I have this years model and love them.  First set of Mizunos I've owned and hard pressed to go back to anything else.  




 it says in  the title, "This is What Mega Charizard Looks Like in Pokmon X   Y"  you don't want the game to be spoiled don't click.  sweet Jesus use some common sense 




 My kids own a Wii U and love it. So I guess I care... 




 its the article.  not the video 




 I'm not sold on him either 




 hard to find anyone playing better golf than him right now.  19 years old or not.   












































 [Image](http://i.imgur.com/h2d4mzg.jpg) 














 Doesn't look like something she willingly wanted to do for MGM 

















































 Thomas the Train on Meth 




 Is that a young Joe Dirt? 




 First thing said should have been, "nice to see you in the daylight hours Candy" 




 Frank Gore got the memo 




 [he doesn't look like Jerry's neighbor](http://i.imgur.com/jyORoTV.jpg) 




 Is it 1832 and he's rating the slaves that are going to auction? 




 [beware](http://i.imgur.com/rboZAYM.jpg) 




 He looks pissed 




 [my favorite axl](http://i.imgur.com/wzqvaXF.jpg) 




 Zohan, Israel karate  




 What was on the green screen? 




 No shadow. She may be a vampire 




 Ha-cho 









 Ziggy! 
























 when i close my eyes that is what heaven looks like 














 Looks like an episode of "charmed" 



















 Said the folks that are making 'Toy Story 4' 




 Is this next weeks promo for "last man on earth" 




 Saw her live and she was hilarious. From start to finish its was non-stop funny  




 Good for making bongs 







































 Just saying it makes me laugh 









 Place your bets 



















 That's amazing 


































 being in that industry got to make you age hard 














 Bill Clinton trained himself to only sleep a few hours a night to be more productive.  




 Do you find it to be a benefit? Accomplish more than average person? Or do you feel run down all time? 





























 [reminds me of her](http://i.imgur.com/PzK8Hqy.jpg) 



















 [i found Stitch](http://i.imgur.com/x2TNb1X.jpg) 




 I never watched "Touched by an Angel" probably should have.  




 Yep. Called it "Family Fight" on IASIP. Hilarious.  
























 Thought the same thing.   






















































 Great looking Arthur.  




 Force is strong with this one 















































































 [picture you getting yelled](http://i.imgur.com/YcYDXGj.jpg) 




 Putin could 




 Like a white collar prison for asians 




 http://comicsalliance.com/cbldf-raising-a-reader/ 




 Just saw picture of it on Twitter today and went searching.  




 Picture is definition of cool 




 Freakin one shots nearly always disappoint  




 I don't agree with him but thought folks might want to read the ramblings of a freakin mad man that has a popular constituency.  




 http://38.media.tumblr.com/a95343e51a282703139cf719425f1638/tumblr_njzj4lJuso1u4kot1o2_400.gif 




 http://www.abc15.com/live  




 I find and try Heroin for the first time.  




 http://coolmaterial.com/home/prefab-micro-apartments-are-coming-to-nyc/ 




 http://youtu.be/g7lR3YDzKCA 




 What the hell does Stephen King have to do with it? 




 "The doctors were afraid he would have suffered some brain damage from the incident" obviously he did 




 Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 




 So many characters packed in one book. Fantastic.  




 Agree. Loved that show.  I wish we could JLU back 




 Too bad He didn't get arrested for stealing from Queen.  




 Me too. Hopefully not true.   




 They don't really specify but article leads to believe it happens on screen  




 If only Queen had caught him that quick for stealing.. 




 [here it is](http://i.imgur.com/jaU3FBZ.jpg) 




 He becomes the first man from Northern Ireland to lead the squad. 




 After reading this. Yes, I am. Thank you.  




 Did it four times and still shovel snow.  




 I ordered this online, excited to read this book.  




 Saw it on Twitter today thought it was funny.  Sorry for the repost.   




 Link for more information. http://www.theverge.com/2015/2/12/8030859/star-wars-official-poster-nasa-space-station 




 One of my favorite books.  Can't wait to watch this adaption.  I think Franco will be great as Jake 




 Can't get Twitter forward link to work on iPad. Just me? 




 Looks like Marge has been hanging out in Hollywood 




 I'm on TV! 




 I owned the mother F..... pool that summer 




 I got it to load on my phone but took a while. He breaks it down by teams and recruiting class rankings and then title runs.  Interested to read story you referenced sounds more detailed 




 Love these cartoons 




 You're right. I think it is all between the ears. Hope he finds his groove again. Makes for exciting golf.  




 I am old and grew up on the Saturday morning cartoons (Super Friends, Scooby, Hong Kong Phooey, Captain Caveman, etc.) so I have love for these cartoons.  Later watched Voltron, Transformers, and He-Man.  Even in high school watched the Disney toons like Duck Tails, Dark Wing Duck, etc.  As an adult never missed an episode of JLU, BAS, The Batman.  I now have four kids and we watch Adventure Time, Regular Show, Teen Titans Go, Gravity Falls and Gumball.  I find these shows to be hilarious.  Much funnier than the shows I grew up on as a child.  




 5 years in a row with number one class.  That's amazing. 




 Too bad. Looking forward to a good scifi movie but with all delays guess we knew it was going to be subpar 




 I really enjoyed 11/22/63.  




 Cuckhold porn shoot 




 [Image](http://i.imgur.com/xstMIfJ.jpg). One master, one apprentice. No more, no less. 




 None of us did in college 




 http://i.imgur.com/2V3jnBN.jpg.  Hopefully we will be able to go off on a rampage like Butters 




 2020 projections show continued shift of House seats to South   West in Congress at expense of Northeast   Midwest. 




 Sorry, it worked for me without a subscriber requirement. I will look for another link.   




 He's a beast and his little brother looks to be pretty damn good as well.  




 Thank you.   




 10:01 same message "coupon expired"(http://i.imgur.com/jLus4bO.jpg 




 It's different than this one
[Image](http://i.imgur.com/6KhuxLC.jpg) 




 [Image](http://i.imgur.com/dllhe13.jpg) 




 I'm the same way. A little older (42) but action figures and matchbox cars were my go to as a child.  I still collect action figures despite my wife's ribbing about it.  We shouldn't let our wives meet.   




 sorry, i tried to find a larger one as well. 




 i still hate snakes from this scene
http://i.imgur.com/qgthRup.jpg
 




 http://i.imgur.com/jvDpbsO.jpg 













































































































 Lou Holtz?   














 Sorry, I reposted it because I originally posted with mobile link.   



































































































 Me too. His run from 1999-2005 was incredible.    




 I like the sound of the club hitting ground.  It's loud and he's pissed.   




 Congrats!  














 Car dealers everywhere had an idea 





























 Apparently the old mans shoulder hurts from pushing his wife down the stairs for not cleaning up the house? 
































































 Nobody in history was dominate as Tiger was From 1999-2001 





























 Cartman was right [along](http://i.imgur.com/k5f9rbv.jpg) 




 Duck whisperer  



















 Go fuck yourself douche bag 





























 I guess this is what the marching band does in the offseason.  









 R/lipsthatgrip 









 That's one better than Smallville 





























 It seems to easy to follow.  









 Love that quote 




 Healthcare cost for obese men seems to me like a 'larger problem' than generating tax revenue from a plant.   












































 I hardly recognized [him](http://i.imgur.com/2hRzz2S.jpg).  









 TIL: I wish my town had a TopGolf 












































 Used to love to spin the car around as fast I could.   
























 Could be Mufasa's autopsy  














































































































































































 SEC Football 









 Found the source:  http://www.vice.com/read/which-states-price-related-googling-is-the-saddest?utm_source=vicetwitterus 







































 Found the link
http://golfweek.com/news/2015/mar/12/ncaa-college-golf-players-geography-statistics/ 





























 sounds (or smells) like a yeast infection 





























 Hopefully your friend doesn't work in a hospital.  



















 I think he's the Tigers pet and they put him in a giant ball to play around.  




 I think this is just a photoshopped picture to show him without the tattoos.  









 It's a good series.  I was actually very sad when it ended.  He was a great character and his adventures with other fable characters were very enjoyable.  


































 eBay? 









 He seems like a pussy 



























































 [Otter going all Mike Tyson on the Gator](http://i.imgur.com/wlCecLy.jpg) 

















































 They've decided to host the semifinals but not the championship.   






























































































 [only person that could handle them](http://i.imgur.com/kIjt2el.jpg) 





























 It must have been so frightening to not only visualize but hear the sounds of the chopper and gun fire.   




















































































 I thought it was pretty cool to see the First Lady playing a Game Boy.   

















































 What else does he have to do? 




 Modern day Walt Disneys 














 Most important, Nice swing 



















 Scene from Joe Dirt 2? 



















 I did not watch it either but agree with you on Cardale is not winning the job in Spring. I wish we could mash JT and Cardale together.  Little bigger, little smarter and little strong arm.   
























 Black guy looks like the detective from 'iZombie' 




 Did it go to the 'Human Fund?' 









 Thank you. Damn mobile phones 







































 http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/17/nyregion/fired-at-queens-boy-fatal-1973-police-shot-still-reverberates.html?referrer= 









 Falcon Crest 
























 reminds me of Mumbo Jumbo from Banjo Kazooie 
http://goo.gl/dNjGIv

 





































































 I want through two DODO cases within a year. Don't get me wrong, I loved the case but it is not practical for everyday use.  Wood cracked on corners every time.  




 As a lobbyist it's not as black and white as what is stated in the article.  People have a false assumption of how the system works from watching too many movies or television shows.  There are a abuses (wrong-doings in any profession) but those are not typical and those that criminal acts get caught.   














 [everytime I hear 'Dalai Lama' I think of this scene](http://i.imgur.com/bNYwCKJ.jpg) 




 I'm sorry. I don't know 












































 don't forget your http://www.squattypotty.com/
 












































 More ice cube art from Suntory Whisky ads
http://www.huhmagazine.co.uk/9171/suntory-whisky-created-the-worlds-most-intricate-ice-cubes 



































































































 I heard on Howard Stern via an interview with David Spade that Kevin James is box office gold.  All his movies gross $100 million.  




 Funny 







































 Few more photos
[1](http://i.imgur.com/tEQ01Xf.jpg)
[my favorite](http://i.imgur.com/2cjGCaH.jpg)
[3](http://i.imgur.com/jWhj2CO.jpg) 














 [more photos](http://i.imgur.com/zzTOAVl.jpg)
[more](http://i.imgur.com/q1FAQ6a.jpg)
[more](http://i.imgur.com/t2k9Kw8.jpg) 






















































 [found better announcement.  Looks like NY and Cali](http://i.imgur.com/vkDl2Gs.jpg) 


































 I did too  









 Saw that too but thought I just didn't look hard enough 







































 Any crowd-funding  




 Apologize never seen it before.  Thought it was interesting. Lastly, I apologize for not being as perfect as you.   
































































































































































































































 [months of planning. i can't believe it worked](http://i.imgur.com/fWZjSbx.jpg) 





































































 Damn Viagra  



















 If those are full they are worth some pretty good money to a collector. Especially, any of the decanters from the political conventions.  





























 I think that's the amount the original made.  







































 Think that is Darkseid's daughter  was locked away by Amanda Waller 








































































































































































































































































 But her looks make up for it 






































































































































 Listeria 



























































 That's what nightmares are made of 





























 Scary strong  


































 Or man, depending on your preference.  















































































 He may be from the cable company  


















































































































 Agreed, ask Ernie Els (pretty damn good golfer) how he feels during the 'Tiger Slam' era. Coming in second all the time.   





































































 Murica 
































































 My whole world has been turned upside-down 





































































 Didn't say I was practicing what I am preaching...it did work for George Costanza  
































































 Where you get them?  



















 One would think. Appears very serious to me.  




 Fascinating may be an understatement 
























 Achoo 



















 Need about 6 dozen balls 















































































 http://www.empireonline.com/news/story.asp?NID=44633 






















































 Will do. Sorry. I had not seen it on the sub.  









 To be fair, Bayside was known for their academics  







































 he looks like a distant relative of Professor Farnsworth 




 Sorry, did not intend to repost. I saw it on Twitter for the first time today.  Thought it was fascinating picture.   



































































































 Roller Coaster Tycoon.  Hands down best game 
































































 Thanks.  Hadn't seen it.  


























































































































































 Credit: Photographer: Per-Andre Hoffmann/Robert Harding Picture Library (robertharding.com) 






















































 http://www.psfk.com/2015/06/yawning-billboard-coffee-cafe-pele-experiential-marketing.html 





























 Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie 





























 Tang 
































































 World needs more people like this guy.  

































































































































 That's funny 



































































































 What a terrible event. Just awful. Glad it is over and we can move on to the Darkseid War 







































