




 Let's form our own ball team 




 Anyone want to go see Jurassic World with me? 







































 Shhhhh you're waking the neighbors!!! 









 Yes 





























 Indeed very interesting! :) 




 Non sense! This is the real deal... It laughs and everything  









 What was Neil Armstrong like ?
 




 He still can't win against the Internet. 
























 That's why they put lucky numbers on fortune cookies.  




 Sorry about that! 









 Scary and awesome at the same time! 




 I enjoy playing Bejeweled Blitz for games.

Snap speed is a great app for photo edits as well.  
























 Yes.. Your muscles retain memory. Known as "muscle memory" I recommend easing your body back in to a routine.. But you will notice increased ability (ie strength, endurance etc) in all areas at a much rapid pace. Take your time and focus on form. 




 I'm going to keep things simple and say this with an absolute guarantee... Yes you can... Also congratulations on your weight loss success! 












































 So 100 percent then? 




 You clearly stay inside and watch the price is right all day. 


































 I think it is you being afraid to step out of your comfort zone. You are only doing what you know and are used to. When ever you feel like quitting, think about why you started or how it will make you feel or benefit you when you finish. I suggest stepping out of your comfort zone slowly. Try not to overwhelm yourself. Set attainable goals and build of off that! You got this! 




 http://imgur.com/hI7gTuB  - Just had my triplets 7 days ago.


 




 Bunch of bull crap ! 




 Mind Blowing  




 Netflix would be so much better if they were to add The Simpsons and South Park. 


































 Cute! :) 









 I love this speech. Any time I go through a challenge this is exactly how I set my mind. 
























 Such an iconic video. Eric Thomas is amazing. "Don't cry to to give up! Cry to keep going!" Thanks for this! 














 I'll post in funny too! Funny for the win! 





























