 In indian church we MUST clap. And honestly I love that part! 




 Generally using Head and Shoulder should suffice.

However, if it is severe then you can apply nizoral prescription shampoo that should take away the problem. 




 Eat insoluble fiber.

FiberOne cereal, an apple, etc. 

Fiber will make you feel full longer. 




 So what career choices did you make as a result of this?

Did your parents past work position offer any gains to you. Maybe getting into a good school or job, etc. 




 I love them 




 I think I just learned something here 




 Use ur floormat and put it under your wheel. This will give it something else to ride on instead of ice. 




 My suggestions :

1. Buy an egyptian cotton towel
2. Do not put towel in dryer, just hang them.
3. Wash by hand. 




 Well the reason I ask is because I've given gross, net, and just out of the wallet. This is how I have felt.

((Gross - net)*10% - Given to various charities of my choosing) + (net *10% to local church) -- Current approach -- Feel somewhat joyful giving this way since I can choose to give to charities I want to give to , but still feel legalistic. 
Gross straight to church - Didn't really feel joyful doing this so went with the plan above. Mainly didnt feel joyful because money was going to local church and the money was primarily being stored in the bank.
Net Pay - Loved this approach only because I felt how can I give more than I actually bring home. But was told that the proper approach is to give a tithe on gross. And well felt guilty, ya di yada.
Wallet - Felt great but always felt like I should given even more than just a couple of bills. Usually I don't carry to much cash.

That said, I think I can give at all levels, and I can surely say that God has blessed me over the years abundantly. 20K+ increase in salary over the last 3 years. So needless to say I am blessed for that. However, I miss the joyful giving that I used to be able to do. And I wanted to test out to see which approach is best. I believe NT approach is by your own will but 10% is def a good standard, and God approved :). 
So the reason for my question was mainly to see if people have tested out both theories and to see which one they like/enjoy, which ones they were most blessed with, etc. 

And to the fact of legalism, well maybe it is, but following Gods guidelines can ultimately change your heart. I mean heck i never thought I'd be able to give beyond my net, but I can, though maybe a little bitterly. And I'm only bitter because I know most of the money just goes straight to the churches savings account when it should be used to fix / maintain the church and to use it to help the current congregation increase their faith.  




 Ooh, I'd be curious for someone who teaches EDM music too. Fruity loops specifically. 









 When did you feel the most joy in giving?
During net, gross, etc. Also, why the variation. 




 How do you tithe? Gross or Net? 
Do you use 10% or another percentage?  




 Is there an app or any kind of utility that removes all non-hdr pics? 




 Yupp, just used mailstrom for something else and well its pheneomenal!

They can have my money! 




 I must admit that Mailstrom is pretty awesome at analyzing my email. Though for some odd reason it was unable to delete my emails. Though that maybe due to the fact that I deleted the emails in my system after seeing the analyzed report. I'm going to give it another try on my other email address. 




 What kind of API do you guys use? Reason I ask is because i was thinking about creating a similar app using MailSystem.Net. But since you guys already have a good software, well there goes my plans. 




 How would u teach christianity before jesus?

You would probably treated like the false messiahs of that time. 




 For reefs? 




 Well, my suggestion would be that if you want to understand your girlfriends religion then your best bet is to learn from her.

Ask her that you want to be part of her spiritual life and for that you want to learn whatever you can from her.

That verse couldnt have been a better choice. Those two commandments of Loving God and Loving one another truly embody the entire rules of Christianity. 

However, if you want to understand Christianity better on your own then read the bible. Start from one of the gospels, either Luke or John. The gospel will tell you about Jesus and pretty much what following Christ is all about (Christian = follower of Christ). Then you can go from cover to cover if you wish. But start from the gospel.

And of course, attend her church. The pastors job is to explain whats in the Bible (like that verse) and to take care of the people attending that church.  




 So when they demolish a building. Do they just throw everything to landfill. Or do they reuse it?  




 Yupp!

Even though I grew up as a Christian I still manage to have a fall out. A time where i searched to see if I really was a Christian or just raised up that way.

Though I did alot of stupid things during the fall out. I eventually realized that nothing in this world will give me the joy that following Christ does! :) 




 How does one start a redbox business?

How much does it cost initially?

How much can you make/month? 




 Why did you stop being Bourne?! 




 tl;dr Lenovo Yoga 2 




 wow. kudos to your dad!  




 I used it to cook my eggs today. They're Pun-omenal 




 SA would rather spend the time/money on providing aid to people than to aid colleges. Especially considering the cost of colleges these days. 
(my personal opinion) 




 So I used to joyfully give 10% of my net tithe. But over the years I started giving 10% of my gross tithe. But wasn't happy so I gave 10% of my net tithe to my local church and (gross-net) * 10% tithe to charities that I wanted to give to. Giving this way allow me to give both to my local church and charities of my choice. And its a great tax deduction ;).
Personally, I would rather just donate the net tithe because I don't see how giving on something you don't have makes sense. Not to mention most of the money I give to my local church goes right to the Bank for future storage rather than to take care of the place.

Though I haven't read Crazy Love maybe you should check that out. I understand you want to be faithful but the New Testament (from what I understand) does not require 10% but requires a cheerful giver (2 Corinthians 9:7) which essentially can mean less than 10% or even more than 10%.  




 lol 




 Thanks for using your talents. These are amazing! 




 "Do not be overcome by evil. But overcome evil with good" Romans 12:21

Was a verse centered on during a youth retreat and has helped me to keep doing good in the face of evil (or just general bad things). I probably need to face this verse again rather than getting lukewarm. 




 This is why I can't listen to Christian radio. Its the same song and the same artists for years.

KLove is a haven for TobyMac and Chris Tomlin. Not bad artists but every other song shouldn't be from them and it shouldn't be the same song they have been singing for the last few years.  




 Just wanted to say that this comment has made me re-view of what books I will buy down the road! 




 Thanks! Signed up for the course! 




 I'm with you! Stay strong! Seek a counselor. Thats what I'm doing. Preferably a christian counselor.

Also check out the app InstaPrayer if you have access to it. 




 For most programming jobs you will not need anything more than Algebra 1 or even basic Arithmetic. You will however need to pass at least Calc 1 to get a BS degree in CS.  




 I graduated few years ago but can't get over the fact that I never fully understood how proofs worked or for that matter any of the material that is taught in the data structures class.

I know major companies desire that their employees understand these concepts but I had a very difficult time understanding the material. We used an outdated textbook that was printed in maybe 1960-1970s and professor used examples of pascal to illustrate the various sorting algorithms.

Anyway, what I'm trying to get to is that is there a modern or maybe a simpler explanation / course / book that can explain all the terminology, concepts, etc. that one should have learned from a regular CS Data Structure course. 




 Wish I had seen this sooner. Sorry. 




 Is this worth it? Safe?  




 Tako in Bensalem, PA. http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/tako/menu 




 I have freedompop in Cheltenham, PA area and the service isn't bad. Im using the $10 plan. I don't think it will be good for doing much the interent speeds arent that fast. 




 Mom of bomber says that the FBI had the bomber on their radar.

http://www.businessinsider.com/tsarnaev-brothers-mother-fbi-boston-bombing-2013-4 




 http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-14735923_ITM

I'm not sure if that's the complete article. 




 sprite? 
























 I went on a Holy land trip last year and this was the only site after the Sea of Galillee where I really felt the Bible alive. Maybe it was because the Garden Tomb has a tour guide thats Christian. Idk lol but its much easier to imagine that this is where Jesus was buried.  




 So what do you do when someone you love stops loving you?

My ex and I faced this issue and thankfully we were just boyfriend and girlfriend at the time so no issues with kids etc. But there is a lesson to learn. How do you get your partner to love you again?

At that time, we decided to continue on but we eventually broke up. But if this situation ever happened in a marriage then it would have been a huge issue. So how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going?

---   
**tl;dr**: how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going? 









 Happy palm sunday :) 




 I imagine this is easier to do between Canada and US 




 I agree with what you are saying except for the fact that countries like India or China would never have been exposed to Christianity without actualy missionary presence. 

Also, dont forget we're supposed to go to the four corners of the earth.  




 Yupp. I love it! I wish i had started earlier. 




 Im appalled at the amount of cursing thats going on in this subreddit. 

That said as a christian guy that just signed up for krav maga gym. I welcome this with open arms. 
The church has def taken away masculinity from man. Everyone just acts sweet. But man of God need to start being man of God!  




 Out of curiosity, what really drives the success of a missionary?

As in what factors best attribute to the success of a missionary on a mission field?

The quantifier (my guess) would be people converted and/or churches built?

Are there any studies that have been done.

This curiosity emerged because i was wondering if missionaries are more effective in a place they would love to be in (say maldives / bahamas etc) vs a place they would not want to be in (iran).  




 You should read the book "once an arafat man".
It wont convert you but it will give you the perspective of someone that has, plus its a great read. 




 This!

Yes, god did perform miracles on earth when he was here. However, he also said that we would be able to do even greater things.

And we have! Just think about the heights humans have achieved today. We have created robotic legs and arms (boston scientific), faster transportation, better health overall (just last week polio has been removed from india), and well many more.

The point is that God does still create miracles except now he uses the goodness in man to acheive these things. 

I know you're on this subreddit to troll. Needless to say, yes your question has been pondered by many but know that God doesnt necessarily want to change us from our weaknesses but rather uses other means such as the goodness of man or the change of behavior / thoughts to use our weakness as strength for his sake. 




 Any good flstudio tutorials? 
I bought the package few years ago and have no idea what im doing. 

My desire would be to create progressive house tracks / edm 




 Explain!!  




 Im actually considering a move to cali.
Can you elaborate a little more on the elitist atitiude. What exactly did they say to you? Etd 




 Theres a biryani tour? Lol whens the next flight to India. 




 I'm a programmer.

That said, i think we are going to have to make it affordable or even free. Sure we could make money out of this but I think we would have alot more indian guys and girls if it was free.  




 And thats why you're not a CEO jk

But a guy that can make JS in 10 days can also think sharply, create and manage concepts, and drive the companies focus a particular way. 

Though that doesnt always workout if people skills arent there.  But if you have some people skills then i think ull be fine. 




 Its at the Temple Performng Center tomm. However all tickets are sold out.

It might be live tomm though. 




 Sight And Sound Theaters produces stunning NY style broadway shows that are biblically based. Must see! 




 Anyone else going to TedX this friday? 




 Now thats a detailed response! Love it. Thanks 




 This kind of worries me because this could have Russia create a defacto monetary market, similar to bitcoin (or maybe upsell bitcoin). And basically create a one-world currency eventually leading to the mark of the beast, aka 666. Hmm. 




 Is there a list of these kinds of emoticons anywhere? 




 Theres one in philly too. Haha where all the skyscrapers are. 




 Best sky I saw was in Chichen Itza, Mexico.

Right about the Chichen Itza temple was a naked eye view of the galaxy. First time I saw it. I thought it could only be seen from space. Lol mind blown moment!!

I love star gazing. I live in Philadelphia and its so hard to gaze at stars. I have to drive an hour or more north to see a good collection of stars. Even then nothing compares to Chichen Itza! 

Any where in US where you can see the milky way galaxy?  




 Anyone have any idea why a chunk of the US (i guess mountain zone) is unoccupied unlike rest of the country

Unless of course its because its uninhabitable because there are mountains. Lol. 




 Capital Kings, or any techno for that matter.

Most techno songs should be just instrumental. 




 I've worked in asp.net and have worked primarily in java dev for the last few years. 

But im looking to get into these two jobs. Probably asp.net mvc more since i used to enjoy asp.net web forms. 




 This is someone elses site. I just started krav last week. And so far it seems consistent with what I am learning. 









 zulu? 




 They should really warn people on arrival about the costa rican departure tax. Lol thankfully i knew.

But a side story, i got pulled over on my way to the airport from manuel antonio. Lol after a lil bribing i was able to go on my way. Which is where the airport tax came in handy. Told the cop i needed to leave for airport and needed money for airport tax. Got away with paying $50. I think he wanted $100. Though people at the airport said i could have gotten away with $20. Lol.  




 Looking to dev in asp.net mvc or spring mvc. I was wondering if there are any startups looking to have someone on staff that would dev for them using these technologies?

Also, where does one post about a possible startup idea one has and pretty much assesing if its worth it, etc. 




 As someone who has lived in another nation. Let me say that the problem isnt that NSA tactics alienate us but rather the fact that US Economy is tanking. 

In reality most nations do respect USA and people would still love to move here. But our internal politics and disrespect for each other is ruining our image. And the wars that just took place didnt help.

But people will overlook all of that if we can be the positive nation and a wealthy nation that innovates and continues to provide peace as it has. But we will also have to show case it. We will have to show the world that bipartisan government can work. These constant fights between two political parties and the greed in Wall street needs to stop and change so that America can start moving forward again. Currently only the Wealthy are moving forward. The middle class and poor are having a hard time maintaining a job. 




 Has anyone else tried these and anyone know why they arent available everywhere?

My gym used to have these and then they stopped selling them. But they were great for workouts. Kept me going for 2 hours at a gym. Otherwise I would get very exhausted during workouts.

http://www.melaleuca.com/ProductStore/ProductDetail.aspx?sku=4204 




 By later he means when PS5 is released. 




 This is the main reason why tourists must go to Toilets in Mexico. Its called montuzemas revenge lol.

Mainly occurs because their water contains too much extra salts / chemicals to keep the water safe to drink. However our bodies havent adapted to that. 




 I second this. This would completely not go well in the Indian culture. 




 Which cruises have Indian food? 




 I had the same thing happened to me. And I learned a very important lesson. Always!! Buy a road hazard warranty.

I bought 4 tires 2 years ago. 2 of them went flat within the last 3 months. I got them replaced for $18/tire with an extension of the warranty for 3 years. Aka when the tire goes flat in 2 years i will have warranty to get a new tire for only $18 more.

This is through discounttiredirect.com.

Also, u dont have to pay the $18. They can ship the tire for free. Only thing is that u would lose out on the extended warranty. 




 I thought you meant the show. lol 




 Where are you coming from? 




 Thanks! Sermon recorded anywhere? 




 So the new mobile share value plan looks tempting.

Currently I am paying $181 with taxes for
500 minutes with Rollover
iPhone + Unlimited Data + unlimited text
iPhone + 3 GB Data + unlimited text
Basic Phone
------------
Total = 181 with taxes and a FAN discount of ($18)

Mobile Share Value Plan
-----------------------
Since we've had AT T before Feb 2
10 GB Data Plan $100
1 iPhone $15
2 iPhone $15
3 Basic Phone $15
=============
Total $145 + taxes - FAN Discount (23%)
Guesstimate totals : $120
(basing that on  ((145(1-.23))*1.08) [(total - discount)*taxes])

Did I get the above correct?
(not sure what the exact total would be....)

Now based on that it would seem that I would be saving roughly $60/month or $720/yr. 

If the above is true then what are the catches? And is it worth losing the unlimited data plan. Though I usually don't go over 5gb, its still a plan I would love to have to avoid any exuberant data charges down the road.

Please explain in the simplest terms below so that everyone can understand it. Thanks.


 




 Sometimes you can find this on their online webisodes 
























 Keep in mind that Tel Aviv is very far from Gaza. Not to mention US flight plans go via europe and into tel aviv, avoiding gaza. 




 This should be the top comment lol 




 I for one wouldnt ever want to leave Earth! This place is great. If you dont think so then you need to expand your horizon and travel! 




 True. But also give a gift receipt. So they can just change it. 




 This is ideally what this tip is centered around. Find if its ur ideal path. 




 We need a new toilet because i've spent way too much money on trying to figure out how to fix it and have come up with failed attempts. 

So... I need a new toilet! Less than $300 and preferably one that wont have any problems with clogging and is elongated.

Terrylove.com seems to recommend toto alot. Do you recommend that or something else?

We have an American standard that has been great for years but lately it just takes multiple flushes for everything to go through. We have used an auger, used pumic stone to remove any scale, and nothing that helped. So instead of wasting anymore money I think I must buy a new one. 









 So i tried all of the suggestions and it does seem to help. Lol stupid eye contact! Why the heck is this an issue!  




 Is there any medication that helps the body from getting anxious during eye contact?

I can make eye contact its just that I have to hold my breath and I can barely concentrate on what they are saying. 




 Yupp. Its called being burned out!
Take a break!
Though more importantly, you're not doing this from your heart so why even bother? I say that because you're ultimately going to get bitter whereas volunteering should produce some form of joy.  









 Theres a whole facebook page devoted to it 




 It used to be. In philadelphia area there are still many cricket grounds. 




 I say it was bombed in the indian ocean and they're covering it up. But literally between India and China.
Why? There was an article about a lady who saw debris off a plane in the ocean from her flight. She reported it but the search was never concluded in the area she mentioned afaik. 
Now im going to speculate and say that this plane was headed for one of the stans via india. And india wasnt going to let some lunatic fly and danger its people so they bombed it or maybe malaysia bombed it. Now if india did bomb it and that information was disclosed than china and india would be at war. Something no nation wants.  




 7.1.1 im on iphone 5. My coworker, my phone and my moms phone are affected. But my cousins iphone 5s isnt. So maybe its targetting specific phones? Idk. 




 Same here 




 Well i was talking to my coworker today who mentioned that the latest patch makes the phone stop using non-oem wires. 

Which is the issue i am having now. Only oem wires r workig 




 Why does the iPhone recognize the non-oem cable and whats the difference? 
Im referring to the iphone 5 cable but obviously its a general issue.

Why cant we replicate the cable to the t? 




 I'm thinking about stopping my 401k contributions which are roughly $400/month. I was trying to meet my companies match but I think it doesnt make sense when you have loans with 7% interest rate. hmm..
edit: lol and ive been also trying to save up for wedding. and only saved up 5kish aiming for 12k at least. 




 How much were you paying monthly? 




 Look into Loan Forgiveness programs. Such as the military. Do national guard and get some of that removed. 




 If you dont mind me asking but what is your financial situation? Salary, etc. Because 3 years is ambitious for 40k. 




 So apparently I have 49k in student loans. Its been four years since i have graduated and the main reason I guess I wasnt as aggressive in paying off my student loans was because I bought a car (audi a4) which just took all of the money. Thankfully I paid it off so now I should have more money to pay off student loans but it seems like it will take forever.

So how long did it take you guys   gals to pay off your student loans and how did you save up for a house, etc? 




 Apparently goat. Im from india. 




 I like the quote on Ruth Graham, wife of Billy Graham, grave. "End of Construction. Thank you for your patience" 




 I hear ya man. I feel the same way. And the older u get its harder to make new friends, esp christian ones.  




 Check out glassdoor.com. Read reviews.

See how management interacts with the team. I went to one interview and the manager was talking down to his employees. Thankfully he didnt act like too much of a jerk off when he interviewed me but nonetheless if he cant act appropriatly with all of his employees then i cant work with him.  




 Lol i can counter this and say it can also be good to go independent of ur parents and enjoy life.  




 Lol 




 Piano is easy to pick up vs guitar, etc. as you either press a key or combination of keys.
Plus you can play any instrument you want using it. 
 




 I've had the same issue. The best thing to do is put pill in the back of your tongue. 
Stick tongue on the roof of your mouth.
Swallow.
And wallah you have solved your prescribed pill swallowing problem. 




 I believe its called music theory. 

http://www.musictheory.net/lessons

I cant read music myself, dont have an extreme or urge or need for it so no real desire. But my advice would be to take your time, pace yourself, and practice.

Check out youtube clips too. 




 I completed the one year bible few years ago and i so agree with u on this. The whole trying to finish the bible for the sake of it does not help u at all besides saying u "finished" reading the bible. 
If u do however do it that way than at least dont restrict urself from reading it in one year. Lol it made me very depressive because it took me much longer than i thought it would take and it just made me feel dumb. 

That said, i have read the bible multiple times. And i would say that the best way to read it is understand how the bible is categorized, and see which category interests you. And then pace yourself through it. 




 I absolutely love the red letters for what Jesus spoke.

You know what would be cool? How about what God spoke in Blue?

i dont like references. It just gets in the way of reading the passage. And i absolutely cannot stand that there are no gaps at the left and right of the pages. I understand bibles need to be minituarized but there should still be some space.

Make paragraphs. Alot of time ur just reading a constant group of text. It would be great if paragraphs could be added. I see it as a positive thing for grouping content, supporting contextual reading, and lastly offering people the optiong to pace through the text. 




 whow we can ask these kinds of questions. i so need this question answered. 




 My mom has a pinched nerve and i believe a bulge near her l4 l5. Her recent doctor recommended that she get only a sitting job.
I dont think her current employer has a sitting job and she is 58 and has constantly complained about her lower back. She is currently in short term disability and does have long term disability insurance.
Whats the procedure for getting long term disability?
And also does she qualify?
Im worried that if we go to the companys HR and ask then they might lay her off eventually if they see that she has this problem. 









 Not really. The move for punching and kicking is trivial. 
For example, punching requires an arm extended and feet in proper alignment. I know the powers comes from the hip but I guess what I'm asking is that maybe my hip doesnt have that much power. So how do you increase it. 




 How do you increase the force of your attack?

I feel alot of my moves are just moves without any packed strength / force behind them. 




 Save money and but Crest Whitestrips. 

Everything else is going to be a waste of money. 




 Im surprised this doesnt have more upvotes. This is the only logical comment. 




 Andys Hot Fries 




 Sort of, I offer Slingbox hosting services out of Philadelphia.
What my subscribers get is a full Fios TV experience for a monthly fee. So yes, technically. 




 What kind of issues do couples that are "yoked" together face?

I can understand the reason bible is against unyoked couples. But i also know that all marriages tend to have issues. So what kind of issues do couples who are both believers face? 




 Lol 
























 haha I promise i wont :) 




 I dont. Im in the Philadelphia sector. Sorry.

The way this account works is that they are sub accounts. So you only get to see video nothing beyond that. Well maybe free internet access at a verizon hotspot. 









 Its not. Its great for people overseas or those that dont have access to these channels. 




 I know many of you have ditched cable but would love to still have access to various premium channels. Im offering all of the following plus various FIOS TV channels. All for $30/month

Comes with : 
Showtime Anytime 
HBO 
Cinemax 
Starz 
Encore 
Epix 
WatchESPN 
Fox 
Nick 
CNN 
CNN HN 
TNT 
TBS 
Tru 
Adult Swim 
Cartoon Network 
Comedy Central 
MTV 
VH1 
Spike 
BET 
Speed 2 
Fox 
Big Ten Network
BBC America
BBC World
CNBC
Bloomberg 
Cooking Channel
DIY
Epix
Food Network
HGTV
NFL Network
Travel 
TV Guide
 




 I go to one of the centers thats directly connected with David Kahn. And i can wholeheartedly tell you that the content in the books and I would imagine the videos associated with it are the same topics taught in class.
 




 Salhani Auto on Pratt St and Roosevelt Blvd. they primarily work on foreign cars. 




 The eyes and the mouth are photoshopped. Just thought id put my 2 cents in. 




 Where do u get one of these? 




 It seems it could have been a duped Article. Since the plane was below the clouds. 




 Hookah Bar on repeat! Coming back from my best friends wedding and this song is stuck in my head. 




 Get as many A's as you can in your freshman year. These will be some of your simpler and easy classes to get a's in.
That said most people do bad in these classes because they feel like they already know the material or are too busy enjoying life.  




 Lately, someone I know has assumed that girls in India get randomly raped all the time.

Thanks Media! 




 We obviously disagree on this and the general population does too as evident by the polar opposites of how they enjoyed the movie. 




 No you shouldnt. Be yoked with someone of equal. 




 My opinion and opinion of many people that have watched it has been the same.

I dont pay attention to movie critics as they are judging the movie as a work of art, whereas user reviews tend to portray if you as a normal human being going solely for the enjoyment of the movie is going to enjoy it. Based on rotten tomatoes. Critics 17%, users 82%. So take your pick. :)

 




 Chariots of Fire - Eric Liddel.

Side note. Gods not dead was an awesome movie. It was great to see someone stand up for faith when most people shy away. 




 Paradise Biryani 
 




 I would say get the a6. A4 is just too tiny.  




 A mega man movie 




 I can attest that this is true! 
But im at least thankful to have Fios 




 How do u like san diego? I was thinking about moving there but your comment makes it seem like its not a good place to move to. 




 5 guys sucks compared to In n out! Trust me. If in n out was in the east coast i'd eat that thing everyday. Lol 




 Lol i loved the screechin space-alienship noise.  




 I totally agree with him.

I was in complete denial that a Christian could have anxiety. I went to the route of allergy, gerd, etc doctors issues before realizing/being confronted with the fact that I have anxiety.

I still dont have it together but I am undergoing counseling and though its nor solving the anxiety to the T. It is helping me cope with what I have and be better aware of things.

Feel free to PM me about this if you want some guidelines etc.

As far as reducing your anxiety goes... 
Here is one tool that can help (do all of them sitting or in some comfortable position)
1) find five things to see
2) close eyes and find five audible sounds you can hear
3) touch/feel five different things. 
Repeat but step down. So go from five things to four things then three. 
If after you finish the steps you still feel anxious then start over. And keep doing them until you have a better control on your breath. 

Prayer is great but it alone cannot solve this. I wish it did but God provides people and other help to aid us in life. Thankfully for me I can go to A christian psychologist. So dont let prayer be your only aid.  




 Todays devo is great on this topic. Read it if you get a chance. 

http://rightfromtheheart.org/devotions/6685/ 




 When should one apply seeds?
Some say spring some say fall.

 




 If this truly works then you should seriousely advertise this in Bold letters. Almost all enterprise companies will jump ship to ie11 (of course after intense internal testing) 




 Thats a huge price to pay.  




 I was working in Exton in 2007. Its 2014 and they are still working on that patch of road. Its like come on just get it done with already.  




 Perfect! Thanks!! 




 I can totally agree with this. Im not saying that Christians dont curse. im saying we need to hold to a higher standard and not curse. 

and yes there are lots of topics we can discuss and say Christians shouldnt do this or that. but this is one thats very apparent and very public. and one of the things that really puts me off of this subreddit in taking this as a serious platform for believers. 




 Colossians 3:8 




 ok so let me give you another verse then
Colossians 3:8 "But now is the time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, and dirty language" (NLT)

You bring up two good points. One the separation of cursing from something that brings another person down and one that is used to express an extreme emotion.

For something that brings a person down I would say well we both agree that its wrong. And i'll add that this type of cursing is a result of anger, possibly built up anger. So controlling that will help ease the possibility of cursing unnecessarily.

For using cursing as a way to express ones feelings : My encouragement in that area would be to use a better choice of words. Yes, I can completely understand that sometimes it would be great if Christians could freely curse. But lets be honest. How would you like it if your favorite pastor was cursing during his sermons? Would it be fitting? My fav pastor is Billy Graham and second to that Francis Chan. I could never see them deliver a God given sermon and make use of curse words. And lets be honest you wouldnt either.

If pastors, who are supposed to be role models of followers of Christ, cannot have that privilege then why should we? And keep in mind that the world will look at us the same way that Gandhi did when he commented that I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. 

We can try to be more like the world or more like Christ.  




 I'd like to know what happened per century. Its been 20 centuries since Jesus and alot of those centuries are just ignored by majority of humans living in the present day and age because so much has happened in the last century alone. 

So my humble plea to those that are passionate about history! Can you please share great events per century as far as Human History is concerned. 

I tried to search for a list already but didnt see one. 




 Just because its used to relieve stress doesn't mean its the best way or ideal way for a Christian to use it as such.

People abuse drugs, alcohol, etc to relieve stress. Does that make it ok? No! 

I'm just saying we should use a better vocabulary and hold to a higher standard. 




 In this subreddit and even in general I hear Christians cursing as if its completely ok!
I know I'll get alot of downvotes in this but this kind of behavior doesn't suit us! 

James 1:26 "If anyone thinks he is religious and does not bridle his tongue but deceives his heart, this person's religion is worthless." 




 I did notice that on my recent trip there.
As a Christian I was amazed and a lil weirded out. Weirded out because why are there so many churches? 
My greatest concern would be how are the people there. Are they going to church because thats the thing to do or are people spiritual too? 




 Duh! Thats whats written 




 This actually sounds interesting and not boring. Name of movie? 









 Find someone else to like. Thats the only way. 




 Buy used, sell it used. Pay less than renting it. U wont always get the amount u paid for it but its better than nothing. 




 You need to get married!
Which is true but you really dont need to say it. 




 They have one similar to this in Boston airport 
























 I have no idea.... My fidelity warranty better cover it thats all i care lol. 




 If you dont work for the CIA yet then you should!  




 Mine was on a tow truck today too. 
And lol there was another a4 being towed too.

In case you're curious. My car was being towed in because of engine oil pressure issue. 




 Reason being that if you look at your manual it advises that you warm up your car by driving under 2 rpms rather than waiting 5 minutes on idle and wasting gas.  




 What are your recipes for a paleo diet, desi style? 




 They dont think... They just do it. Like their license plate. 




 And if russia does it then its the End of days. (which is true imho) 




 Go get them u silly goose! Commenting here isnt going to do anything. 




 It was mutual in the beginning because I wanted to move onto the next stage of my life. 

I graduated with a Masters in SE in 2010. So i figured a year or two later I'd go to india and start the search. But apparently going to India and finding a wife at age 24 is too young. While my college friends had already went and gotten married. So i figured id wait till girls in India were ready. 

Now that im 27 its probably the right time but now I just feel like theres a huge barrier. Because im having a very hard time connecting with girls lol. I've kind of lost my self esteem and confidence because I have no control over this process. My parents were just very adamant on getting me hitched with this one girl because her family was good. But i just wasnt attracted to her so I just pushed it off cause there wasnt any other choices. And any other choices that did come up then my parents would just find reasons for why I shouldnt marry her. So it was a pain. 
Few months ago I showed them someone that I was interested in and they were very pissed off and started emotionally black mailing me so I just said heck with it and told them to start the search again. So right now im in a limbo state of what I want to do. There are girls in India but I have a very hard time connecting with them. I cant match up with their standards and they cant match up with mine. I wouldnt mind dropping my standard if the girl was someone I knew, could relate to, etc but its very hard when u have to go based on a biodata and then have the uncles in india do a background search and then finally, maybe... get to talk to her. Though usually its their parents u talk to first. Lol its just a complete mess of a system. Growing up in an indian community and having lived in india for 7 yrs i thought i would be able to understand, relate and work with the system. But honestly its just a horrible system. Its really a quasi marketplace where you're bartering each other. Lol. Maybe this is a approach that keeps the family stable in the long run. But im not sure if it keeps the family happy in the long run. 
Plus lol i sent an email to one of the fathers and he replied back with "how long r u in us? Whats ur salary?" I didnt mind most of the questions but how can you so easily ask for someones salary. I havent even talked to ur daughter and know if she and I will get along. Lol its just ridiculous. 

Plus, most girls in India dont really want to go to US. The economy there is in a better condition than it was before so they feel as if they have no reason to come here.


 




 So I'm in somewhat of a pickle that only desis would relate with.

I am currently working at job where I dont have a real future because we got acquired last year and our business goals are different than when I started with them. 

Now on my table I have an offer for almost the same salary at a defense contractor for something that I really want to work on. Asp.net (for anyone curious). I will lose 10 vacation days and stuff but that's one issue. 

The one issue that is troubling for me and I'm sure my parents is that I was supposed to go to India in November to go look for a significant other and get engaged. My current company offers me to take a month off since i have 25 days. So not sure what to do...

I dont really want to go to India in November because I think it will be a waste of money and I wont find anyone but also would like to just find someone and get on with it.

 




 Getting irritated by the whole wifey search in India. 




 Hopefully you get most of it back in cash. 




 Dude, you nailed it!! Esp the part about the aborted girls! 

Im 27, unmarried, havent dated for over 8 yrs just so I could focus on college. But now that I have to find a wifey I have no idea how to relate to them, talk to them, etc. etc. it sucks!

Plus the demands of indian girls and their parents and myself and my parents is making it almost impossible to find a suitable match. Plus its so hard to connect to someone solely on their bio-data. Lol i hate this process but what can we do......  




 Or side 




 Its because of Midtown Madness that I knew Chicago very well! Lol went to it the first time and I was like hmm this is where that stadium is, the highway, etc 




 Google Chrome 




 Chloroform!  




 The Nativity. Every Christmas. 




 They probably do it because of those darn squiggly lines. 




 Or a /r/lifehack 




 Those expert picks dont count in the spread. They predict which team will win. I realize that this question asked about a pick'em game without spread but for games that have a spread what would be your strategy? 




 What do the values in each column mean and how do you use those values to pick the proper team. Especially against a spread (if possible). 




 I have been doing pick'em for the past four years. No strategy at all. The problem is that we have spread so that makes it very hard.

But without it I would just go with what one of the user mentioned. Expert Picks or even user picks. 




 How do you count in the spread? 




 Is there a guide on how to read that and make sense of it?  




 Fear - lecrae 




 Yes, I did ask them and they are helping me. They provided a small exercise ball to use for getting the form right. It does help but still doesnt seem to make a perfect move so thats why I was wondering what kind of tips people here had. 




 I think that might be one of my major issues is flexibility. I think I might have an anterior pelvic tilt so that might be one reason. 




 So you're saying shes black?  




 I suck at rolls. Cant seem to get myself around all the way. 
Its embarrasing. I cant seem to get the momentum to rotate. 




 Loved it! Just out of even my imaginary budget! 




 thanks! 




 Or when Troy in "the community" is sad that he isnt molested. 




 How do you have 200k already? Lol 




 Dont just go to college for a degree you like but one that has actual job oppotunities.

Do your homework in college! And get internships.

Enjoy your life. From high school to about 25 are the best years because health wise you're mostly safe and sound and can easily socialize with people of the same age and common hobbies. 

Make better relations with people of the opposite sex! Even if they dont turn out to be your SO they will help you in talking and interacting with your SO down the road. 




 Same way Davids Army loved the Philistines. Oh wait.... 




 Op, can you explain in detail how you did it. I'd like to get into christian meditation. 




 For those of you with a CS undergrad/grad degree, what did you do with an MBA?

Did you utilize it? Did you switch into management or continue to be a programmer?

I'm 27 years old and already have a MS in SE. Now I'm wondering if I want to get an MBA or switch jobs. Company is paying 5k per year for whatever school you go to. 




 Do not be yoked with an unbeliever. 

 




 NLT. Easiest to read and relevant. 




 Aol has done this for a while 




 Sports, premium channel shows, movies, etc. its a great way to get the content that most people flock to cable for without a crazy price. Plus it helps me bring down my cost of cable.  




 These are subaccounts. Theyre intended for kids so that everyone has an individual account for watching what they want.
So no access to billing, etc. 




 Yes, pretty much. Fios also has a mobile app that you can use to watch live programming. And they also have a similar on demand thing online. 




 Having a slingbox so that you can watch your cable service at another place is not illegal. If it was then they couldnt legally sell slingbox.

Is it illegal if you live in the same town and can subscribe to the same service. I doubt illegal because noone is going to come after you. Maybe unethical. That said, you're still paying the cable company for their service. So they're better of with you doing this then not. So if I were you I wouldn't think about it too much.

-- a guy who sells slingbox services 
























 Recently I met an ESTJ and I cant believe how much they enjoy conflict. Whereas me I cant stand it one bit! 
I felt a bit immature that I am incapable of dealing with constant conflict until I realized that our personality type doesnt like conflicts. 

Dont get me wrong when faced with a conflict I usually try to calm it down but I dont want to be in a relationship where I have to constantly douse a fire. 




 Because back then firefox used up alot of memory 




 Divorce is and was acceptable in biblical times. Not for it.
And Whose for adultery? 

 




 nope but at least its somewhat of a saving. i actually read the conversion wrong lol so fail on me. 




 Anyone else buying up flight sim addons because of the low dollar to euro price conversion? 




 I still believe that the Land we live in should abide but moral laws that are built in the Bible.
(don't take it out of context) 




  Gay Marriage has been legalized in PA.

dammit! 




 Its a tough call but I think we have to look beyond just faith when it comes to elections. See what their agenda truly is.

I used to always vote by faith which usually resulted in a Republican party. But considering how the repubs of my state never cared for the city of philadelphia school district. Ive decided to switch to democrat. (i hope this was a good idea because partly i debate that wow maybe the school district might improve but at the same time gay marriage could be legalized, yikes!) 




 What can be done to improve the School District of Philadelphia? If the way the district is now then I have no reason to stay in Philadelphia in the upcoming years. 

Why isnt our local, state or federal govt doing more?

And more imp why are we doing anything more about it? 




 Obama is going to need a break after all these visits 




 Yea i understand that. And guess what both types are very stubborn. So i think if were both on the same page then its a good thing otherwise we will hate each others guts. And since istj dont speak up well we get the short hand of the stick. And as a guy that just doesnt fly. Lol. 




 I don't network. :/ 




 Lol my mom also kept me as a herbit so i dont get assimilated to the american system. Its amazing thar I have any american friends as i do (and im thankful that i do -- prefer them over indians any day). 




 As an immigrated indian who has lived here for roughly 20 yrs... Let me say that i can understand where they are coming from. Because i feel like that now too cause cause india is alot better now and well whats the real point of living here if ur culture gets thrown out the water in a few decades.  




 Something similar happened to me too. I was really excited to see this one girl. But when i went to their house for a proposal i found out that she is a younger girl and not the one we were originally there for. I was disappointed to say the least. Might come off as a jerk but hey this is how our culture has raised us up. Dont blame us. 




 nice. seems like you guys match well with introverted-intuitive people. cool. 




 Maybe and u guys are as cold as ice. Lol but obviously theres someone out there who can work with that. I was just disappointed that i couldnt but its probably for the better. 




 Im in the same boat.  




 As a guy this is so true. Lol what the heck is wrong with us! 




 I'll add that I'm being serious as I am curious to know who would match well. 




 I met an ESTJ a month or so go and as an ISTJ she was just very hard to deal with. I enjoyed talking to her but she was very stubborn and down right rude and disrespectful. Granted she was much wiser than me in alot of things and in areas she wasnt she just played it off as if it didnt matter (ugh!).
Lol anyway my question to you is who the heck would marry one of u and actually be happy? 




 Me too. I rather read the scripture to get the concepts in my head than care about its linguistics. 

NLT, easy to read, yet retaining what the Bible wants to get across. (Now if only I could stay focused) 




 Cool I can finally chime in on something.

So I grew up with a similar mentality.
There is "one" girl out there for you. And you both need to find each other. 
I need to follow Gods will.
Letting Love dictate everything. 

There isnt just one girl. There is one of many girls. Meaning you will find another. 
Finding Gods will is not through superstitious signs but through applying and understanding Gods scripture. 
Love is a feeling that dies out when life hits the wall. Its a great feeling but you need to move beyond that.

That said what happened to you was that you guys probably moved too fast. Marriage requires work in the long run, not necessarily perfection from the get go.

She seems similar to you and matches you probably well (im going off what ur saying, u have the final say). But she has a lot to mature in and so do you. 

Its true that you both broke up but if you love her then be friends with her and work it out for the long run. Right now focus on being a friend/helper in helping her grow emotionally. She has some fears, anxieties that need to be worked on. So be there for her. She will see that you care for her and will be more willing to work it out in the long run. But if she doesnt then at least u helped her, right? 



 




 now i can finally know where that darn stud behind my dry wall is 




 I highly recommend this advice! 
Get away from your parents nest and learn to live on your own. This will help create a safe boundary from your Indian parents and help you get along with new people because you will be forced to (roommates, etc). Take that from someone who is about to turn 28 and wishes he had done that so that he wouldnt be pressured to go to India for arranged marriage.

And honestly alot of us Indian immigrant kids are in this boat. We really have a hard time fitting in with the American culture. Mainly because of pressures from our parents, our own prejudices and upbringing.

I kid you not but im debating if I even belong in US anymore or should I go back to India. Because my parents keep us in 1995 india (the yr we came to america).

As far as making friends, it will be way easier to be friends with asian cultures or middle eastern. They can relate to us alot better. But i think making white friends is necessary because they have a charm and understanding of America that no one else has. And its one that Indians need to embrace. 




 lucky guy 




 Aww 3 where do I find one of you! 




 Ibis White for the win! 




 Sweet. I needed an emergency groom kit for work when you know some exec comes in and i havent groomed up for the day. 




 didnt realize how many philadelphians were no reddit @_meganlomaniac_

just went to a recent 76ers game against cleveland. first home game win so it wasnt too bad. :) 




 Just went through this... and am still confused.

1) A variation of how religious are you?
2) Talk about something that's on her bio-data. Like education, job, etc.
3) What are your hobbies?
4) what kind of music/movies/etc do you like?
5) If she is coming to US/uk etc find out what she knows about how to get a job there, etc.

Mainly try to gauge her personality as much as you can. See if its compatible with you. 

As a guy that came from US to India for this. Let me just say that make sure you're ready for an arranged marriage. Meaning saying Yes to whoever and making it work rather than looking for someone thats completely compatible with you. I had no idea going in that in an arranged marriage you can have total opposite personalities and each partner makes it work. Its noble but from a US standpoint thats one of the dangerous things you can do. So my advice is that either go in with that intent or better yet take your time to see if you are happy with that person by seeing if you are compatible, can compromise on arguments, etc. best of luck. im still trying to figure all of this out!. 




 India has produced good tv shows back in the day. 
Tarak mehta, office office, flop show, etc. 
I hv been living in the US since 95 and recently bought Indian tv package. I was shocked by the # of saas bahu shows. And the comedy shows on SAB were pathetic. And the Indian news channels, its constant yelling of panel guests. Needless to say we stopped getting Indian channels.  




 It does help but it takes time. I have been going for about a year now and I still have a long way to go it seems. 

I highly recommend going to it if you are stressed. Medicine is an option but I would highly encourage trying therapy first. 

Therapy is def. stigmatized in our community but honestly our community needs it more now than ever. And honestly. I think its a sign of maturity that someone is willing to go to therapy and take care of themselves. Our parents generation would have been way better off if they had went to therapy rather than sticking it through.

If you want to talk about any of this then shoot me a message. If anything I can just help you relate, I know I wouldn't mind sharing my issues to you.  




 It will just be another saas-bahu show. I guarantee it! 




 Thanks for that insight.  




 Hey man. Id also recommend the advice to go seek a counselor. I did that this year and it helped me alot in understanding whats going on emotionally. I wish I could tell you that I was able to have all the strength to be assertive against them but I dont, not yet. 

My recommendation to you is that I am glad you are seeing this at your current age. You still have your whole life ahead of you so right now is a great time to make a plan. 

For example, moving out and living on your own is the easiest way to help you get to where you want to be. By moving out you will be able to associate with american friends and share their hobbies and culture. And being away from your parents will keep you from being psychologically down/depressed. So how do you go about doing that is on you. If you cant afford that now then do it after college. But if you can do it now then do it! Your parents will def. give you a hard time and belittle you but walk into that conversation with a mental shield so that whatever they say you throw it out of your mind. You do this by sticking to "i am moving out to improve my identity and my future", etc. 

Best of luck. Im 27 right now and looking back at it I wish I had just moved out of home right after college. Right now I am being pressured to get married via arranged marriage. And its not fun... 




 Ooh burn 




 So best time to buy oil futures would be now? Or when it hits $70 




 He actually climbed up that high? Man... 




 Comcast Sucks 




 Find a Brook Brothers outlet store. Pick a black and/or grey suit. Get it tailored. And thats it. You're done. Or if you can spend more than 400 then go to a retail brooks brothers store, but beware those suits can cost 900. But honestly the best suits ever. 




 I've had it for a few years and honestly I would recommend against it. What they cover is usually minor fixes which would have been better to pay in cash rather than having a couple of thousand dollars worth of warranty. So my advice would be against it and just have a "car breakdown fund" 




 i dont have to.. but i might... but if you love audis then go for it. but your parents are right about investing for a house rather than a car.  




 Dont do it. Audis require alot of maintenance. And it doesnt cost cheap. 
But they are fun to drive. So like others have suggested... Get a b5, b6 and play around with it. Or better yet stick to your honda.

Honestly, im thinking about making the opposite switch to Honda just because I'm not sure if it makes sense for me to own an Audi anymore. I'm in the low 80k and stupid issues are popping up. But we'll see... I love the car too much to let it go but like i said better to get rid of her now while I can still get some money back. 




 I think you nailed everything I needed to know about the Sq5. Good job! Now bigger question... Why do u have michigan license plates in cali? 
























 Totally agree! Lol i would rather not have tambourine over a crappy tambourine. 




 A pastor that can preach the message about the shrewd manager. 
I havent ever heard a pastor that preached on this. 




 Costa Rica

Its basically a country where the land is beautiful, people are beautiful and nice, and just so damn peaceful. 

Def a place to visit at least once in your life. 




 As men we have way bigger egos then ladies do.
We might be the nicest guys in the village but if a woman disrespects us a good number of times then we will either go Godzilla on them or wimper away into a shell in the darkest cave in sight. Neither of which are good. 




 This should be at the top 




 Whatsup, im 90% lazy 




 Unless the persons a total introvert and overthinks stuff. Like me but still trustable tho. 




 I think they give loaners based on how long it would take them to service your car. Few hours of service means you sit your butt down and grab a free coffee.
Otherwise, grab a loaner most likely the same as the one you're driving! Unless they think you'll move one up. 




 They're probably like crap what do we give a guy that already has the best! 




 You're lucky theres an Audi in the picture. Else we would totally hate you! - Someone from the northeast 




 Totally agree with you. I feel happy when i do cry because finally i feel somewhat normal again.  




 Did you get to learn how to fly a plane? 




 Gonna go on a limb and say you work for Boeing. If true, you should check out the Boeing 747 documentary on the History channel. It was very good. 




 Where does God say that? Not that I'm for homesexuality but I've never read the Bible say anything about demons being against it. Unless its another holy text. But still would like to know. 




 Ahh the ole Ad Hominem logical fallacy

I thought redditors were better than this. 




 Well the warranty company was giving them a hard time! And I felt like I shouldn't argue since after all im leasing a new car for free. But now I'm at a point where I just want my old car back or at least something new. lol.but at least they are replacing it with a new engine. cost was $13 grand and I paid about $4k for warranty so warranty paid off for sure. 




 So I have been borrowing an Audi for a while now from my local dealer. They're replacing my engine under Fidelitys warranty which means they're taking their sweet old time (about to be 5 months now)

I didnt care too much because a new engine is better plus I get to a drive around a nice loaner.

Anyway my current dilemma is that I bent one of the rims and have a flat in one of the tires. I can probably get away with plugging the flat tire so I dont have to buy them a new tire. But I wonder what I can do besides just telling the dealer that hey I bent your rim.
I'm assuming if i tell the dealer they're either going to make me pay for the rim + tire + labor or contact my insurance (which Im assuming means a rate hike on my insurance). So whats the better option? Or do you think they won't care and just replace it on their own (wishful thinking i guess)? 




 I feel your pain!  They gave me a freakin galant at one of the dealers I went to. Needless to say that i never went there again!

My current and usual dealer usually hooks it up with a nice loaner like Q5, A6's. Best one yet would have to be A6 Supercharged. That car was something else. But never an S-series. I had no idea they loaned them out else I would've asked. 




 I had some fun loaners but never anything with an S! ahh I need to step my game up! 




 So there is a verse in the bible [1 Corinthians 7:9] which talks about not to burn with passion and if someone cant control themselves then they should get married.

I dont think these guys are at the stage where they cant really control themselves but I'm sure that the temptations are going to get stronger in the long term if proper boundaries are not set. 

Thats why courting with intentions of marriage might be a good idea. Im not saying they should solely get married for sex but if they do love each other and are compatible then i dont see why not again assuming they are somewhat mature enough to make that step.  




 You dont but if they're still living in their parents home and are fairly young then getting "parental guidance" would be a wise idea. 

Also im not suggesting marriage so he can start having kids. Im suggesting that if they are in love and with parental "guidance" they should get married if theyre at the right age rather than burn in passion and guilt. 
 




 No def not. 
Only if they truly love each other and assuming they have parental approval. 




 I didnt see an age. 
I'm not suggesting that they get married because they had oral sex. Im suggesting that these temptations are only going to escalate. So first create boundaries that will allow you to have some control over it.
But if they're near an age where they can be married than why not. Of course under the approval of their parents since they might not be old enough to make a wise decision in this matter. If they're 17 then def no and my comment on seeking parents approval would have cleared that out of the way. However if theyre in their early 20s then maybe they can. (Im basing this off on avg marriage age of 27-28) 




 I'm going to have to side with you haven't lost your virginity yet. 
Oral sex is not penetration. So you're still a virgin!

That said you obviously feel guilt so ask for forgiveness. And I would agree with an earlier post that starting right way create boundaries! Aka no alone time, etc. 

That said, how old are you guys, would marriage be an option? Because sexual sin is going to get louder. And if you two really love each other than it might be wise to get married with your parents consent. 




 I brought maggi to school once. I can totally relate to that kid. :/ 




 Curious to know. How did u turn out. Career wise that is?  




 Spike   AMC aren't live but they do have on-demand content.  




 So I'm looking at the S P and for that matter most stocks and everything is relatively going up.

We had two major crashes in recent years near the dot-com and the real-estate boom. Both were relatively priced at 1300-1500 S P. Currently the S P is at 2062. 

Do you think we're due another crash?

I'll admit that I don't know jack about investing but as a skeptic the idea that the markets are continue to go up, up and up seems far-fetched.  




 AMC too.

I would give you a login and password and you would be able to access on-demand content from all of the following channels : 
A E
ABC
ABC Family
Adult Swim
AMC
BET
Big Ten Network
Bravo
C-SPAN
C-SPAN2
C-SPAN3
Cartoon Network
Cinemax
CMT
CNBC
CNN
Comedy Central
Cooking Channel
Cozi TV
Disney Channel
Disney Junior
Disney XD
DIY Network
E! Pop of Culture
EPIX
ESPN
ESPN Deportes
ESPN Goal Line
ESPN2
ESPN3
ESPNEWS
ESPNU
Esquire Network
Food Network
FOX
Fox Business
Fox News
Golf Channel
H2
Hallmark Channel
HBO
HGTV
History
HLN
IFC
Lifetime
Lifetime Movie Network
Logo TV
Longhorn Network
MLBTV
MSNBC
MTV
NBA League Pass
NBC
NBC News
NBC Sports Network
NBC Universo
NFL Network
NFL RedZone
Nickelodeon
Oxygen
SEC Network
Showtime
Spike
Sprout
STARZ
Sundance TV
Syfy
TBS
TCM
Telemundo
Tennis Channel
TNT
Travel Channel
truTV
Universal Sports
Univision
Univision Deportes
USA Network
VH1
WE tv
 




 pizza 




 You know Modi's govt went to China right after a visit from US, right? Its just politics. Sit back down. 




 Is it ghee because chances are its ghee :) 




 Became an engineer but damn wish I was a doctor 




 You're right that we have lived in a bubble for the last 20 years. 

The question still remains. How will guys deal with this? U dont have to answer it but its just a question. And maybe the answer really is just that guys just suck it up. 




 If some girl says to you that they are "rebellious" and that I have to accept it. I'm sorry but how is that in any way considered an "ok" thing. 




 Not so much an article but a post on India questioning the same thing. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2ujezs/np_women_in_india/ 




 Even if you do make money you should treat others with respect.  




 Actually, her folks were middle class too.
She however was a doctor who studied in russia. Couldnt pass the exams (fmge or mci -- whatever its called) for the past four years but had the arrogance that she was A doctor.
I was ok with whatever crap was going to be thrown at me except for the arrogance. Not that I want a completely submissive wife or anything just you gotta have respect for each other. And if you're going to act arrogant than you should bring something to the table. 




 Think...
alpha = dominant
beta = passive, submissive, weak. 




 after visiting india recently I noticed that girls in India really are starting to act like jerks. this just continues to prove my point. lol. i actually wrote an article today you might enjoy or at least offer your opinion on. 




 **This post is going to come off as very arrogant. But I promise you that its meant in a good gesture.**

So i grew up in US for the past 20 years and before that I was born and lived for the 7 best years of my life in India. That said, few months back I went to India to "find a wife". I really didn't want to go but I went anyway for the sake of my parents. 

Anyway, I pretty much grew up as a beta male. Was always taught to be the nice guy and suck it up. Partly because our culture, religion, and upbringing has formed me to be this way. And honestly I enjoy being this way.

However when I went to India I realized that alot of girls are alpha females. They're disrespectful, arrogant and self-centered, etc. But at the same time they were confident, self-assured, smart, etc. Now don't get me wrong not all girls were like that but many were.
 
I guess my question to you guys is :
* How should the current generation of guys with our upbringing get used to this? (because in all honesty our culture hasn't prepped us for this)
* What happened to Indian girls? (was it the competition, pressure, etc) 
 




 Trust me they're very nice people. And the scenery is beyond beautiful.

 




 Theres gotta be a way that we can overcome teasing right? 




 lol something i would do 




 Costa Rica. Happiest country in the world. 
























 The best movie adaption is probably the Matthew Series or the Jesus Film.

Jesus Film (practically translated into every language possible) http://www.jesusfilm.org/

Visual Bible : Matthew 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fc8qOXeTsUQ

Personally, i thought Killing Jesus got the gist of the stories pretty accurately. Granted its not word for word but it also doesnt slide too much away from it.  




 I think all the business that are discriminating against Illinois and the media are to blame.
Personally, if any business that boycotted my state I would personally make sure that no money was going back to fund them. If you're going to interfere with the welfare of my citizens and provoke threats to influence something against our legalisation without any merit then you dont deserve to make any profits off of our state.  




 Touche. I mistakenly thought u said it was a "sub" or something. My bad. 




 Its called a hoagie around here 




 Religion is rules you have to follow. A relationship with Christ requires just faith.  




 Herbal Essence! Enough said 









 I hear ya. Lose the religion but dont lose the faith. 




 It's not her intelligence that pissed me off.
But it seemed like she wanted everything her way. I guess she wanted to feel safe and in control.  




 Yea for a short time when she almost said Yes to getting married to me.

Initially she didnt want to marry me but then after sweet talking to her for a while I got her to a point where she would agree to marry me. But then it went all downhill because she got offended that I was asking her family about was she meant by her being "rebellious". She tried to explain it to me once and I was able to grasp some of what she was saying but I couldnt really hear her. 

What she meant by being rebellious is that "she has to do the right thing regardless of the consequences" which honestly didnt matter but the attitude that took place in her explaining it to me just put me off. not to mention she avoided talking to me for a while.  




 lol i did runaway. but part of me still wants to go back because I enjoyed the small times when I did make her happy. 




 Yea this is from the talk. We talked for about few weeks. First I wasn't sure if she was my type but alot of the family members wanted us to be together and so did I but I was put off by her attitude.  




 So I was in India a while ago for getting hitched for an arranged marriage. My parents introduced me to a girl and I just felt very confused and aggravated with her at the time because I really feared her attitude towards me. I felt disrespected.

So the reason for my post isnt to rant but to figure out few things.

a) I felt that I felt like my man card was being taken away from me because she was putting me down, controlling and had a rude tone.
b) She would misunderstand alot of things I said. 

1) How do I stop getting offended by being told off by a woman? She was def. smarter than me so I felt offended.
2) She said she was rebellious and that just made me fear for alot of conflicts down the road. Was I wrong about this?




   
**tl;dr**: Potential mate was disrespecting me. How should I have handled it? 




 i feel like im missing some thing in this image?  




 What I'm noticing is that alot of people are living in fear. Lots of atrocities are taking place around the world. Should we start to assume that we are truly living in the End Times or is this just life? 




 I think by the end of the year she wont have any organs left.  




 Would http://www.7cupsoftea.com be of any help?

Its free counseling.

I cant even imagine being in your boat. But I'm glad that you're willing to fight this! 

I could be wrong but you need someone who can love you unconditionally. A good friend or partner. I hope you find someone soon.  




 I have trained under him and one of his approved classes in Nj. 
He's really good and focuses on making sure your technique is correct above everything else. 
 




 Core workouts. 
Weaker your core is the weaker your moves will be.
But dont worry they will instruct all that into you.
Id recommend cardio too.  




 As someone from Killadelphia aka Philadelphia, PA USA, Charlotte seemed like a great place. People were friendly and courteous.  




 We like to solve problems that help people. 

I'll let you figure out what that means for you.

Personally im a software engineer, but always wanted to be a pilot, and could be a pastor. Lol.  




 Do you guys ever take on other peoples fears and anxieties? 
I feel like if someone throws any fear and doubt on my way then I might initally guard myself against it but then I usually will take that upon me. 
Not sure if its a personality issue or something else. 




 Please upvote then :) 




 All criterias have to be good. 
So you cant say
Criteria she meets
1. Shes beautiful

Criteria she doesnt meet
1. Shes ugly

It would have to be all good but few that you would be willing to let go off. 




 More like January 2017. But the campaign for the next president starts pretty much now so Obama will have to be extra careful with Israel or he loses not only the Jewish vote and its influences but the votes of many conservatives. 




 You mean his PR team did.  




 Most companies provide $5k for educational expenses per year as an included benefit of working there. See if the company you are getting hired for has that option. 




 What kind of a job offers that much money. I have a Masters in SE and make 80k. What the heck am i doing wrong? lol 




 Hes making 200k+ who cares.  




 Use glassdoor.com or salary to gauge at what someone with the proposed title should make in the area. Offer that and say you're willing to bargain if its an issue, etc. 




 Take the job and get a Masters part-time while your company pays for it.
Masters in Comp Sci for the most part is just a regurgitation of your Bachelors degree except this time its more in-depth and you have to read/write more research papers. It def. boosts your salary but honestly current companies want experience over degree.
Enterprise companies will boost your salary for a grad degree but you will notice that you are significantly behind your peers in programming language acumen because you were focused on research and crap.

Oh and one last tip. Focus on being a well-rounded programmer. Dont focus on the money. I chose money and now I'm in a tough situation right now on moving forward in my career. Nothing too crazy but wish I had been a well rounded programmer rather than dedicated maintaining some custom-built project that gave me skills that i cant easily transfer to other companies.

tl;dr : Get a job. Have them pay for your Masters part-time.  




 lets hope you're right 




 Pharoah was alot of fun wasnt it 




 R u speaking from experience? 




 I couldnt take my eyes off of either actress lol. But Vaani was really good too.  




 Anyone else watched this movie? 

I loved it. I thought the storyline and acting was great and hilarious. I could totally relate to the guy and interactions he was having so made the movie very enjoyable. 




 Id encourage u to seek this. 
Im in the same boat as you. No idea why i feel this way but i have been going to counseling and it is helping me a little get a better control of it. 




 Oh wow i had forgotten about that 




 The most logical answer lol 




 Mutual funds, etfs, gold 









 Totally agree. 
Homework believe it or not is going to be the best thing to help you do the best down the road. And you can make lots of mistakes in high school and it wont matter. But that wont fly in college when you have a short timeframe and are under pressure from a bunch of equal weigted classes. 

In a nutshell study and do those homework problems.  




 The Nativity Story 




 [Luke 16:1-15] 




 MoOooooOm! 
























 I live in the philly area and recently i have seen major throttling. This wasnt ever an issue before. 




 I had scabies too 7 yrs ago and it honestly changes your life for the worst. Fear and anxiety def take over. 

Had a coworker tell me that her daughter just got back from a scabie infected region and my body activated all of its defenses just at the word of it. I hate scabies! 




 Yea. Even hulu is like this. 




 Both comcast and fios have their on-demand services that i guess you can say competes with nefflix. 




 They want u to switch out.  




 Yea same here. Its bull crap 




 Most of the times it 5/5. 




 I have unlimited data and havent met the 5 gb threshold but im still being throttled crazy. Anyone else facing similar issues? 









 He means would he be ok with other giving respect space to other religions. I think. 




 Im being serious. Not sure why it was downvoted. 




 So did ya get the job or naaw 




 There are tons of resources that state that to reduce anxiety one must meditate.

What's the Christian version of Meditation?  




 Dude u win the internet today! Loved the originals. I cant wait for this! 




 If someone doesnt then I think we as a community should.  




 I am going through something similar and I would highly recommend seeking a therapist.

I have been going for a year and though i havent fully recovered I am at a point where I can somewhat function better in life. 

One of things that I keep hearing about for improving recovery is Mindfullness/meditation. Still learning about this while being careful to not get into some eastern religion tantra. 

Cardio helps out alot with depression. Go for a walk or exercise and you will see improvements.
 




 Im from philly. Where can i sign up? 




 I meant murdered in the ring.  




 Thats how pacquiao would state his death wish. Mayweather would basically murder him for humiliating him like that. 




 And then cries 




 Or let next yr play out and see how it goes. Dude is known for injuries.  




 He should change his name to Mariota! 




 Mariota says he doesnt want to play for Chip 




 Im surprised at how easily it destressed me! Thanks! 




 Its a valid bet. Most likely guaranteed returns. 




 I think mostly everyone wants Pac-Man to win. But we all think realistically Mayweather will win. If this fight had taken place few years ago then maybe Pac-Man could've won.

All that said though, I hope Pac-Man wins! 




 The way to get out of a burnout is to take pleasure in life.

Some ways to do that :
Make real connections with people. Hard to do.
Find fun things to do. Play sports, games, movies, etc.
Workout. Minor achievements till you're on track.
Being positive.

 




 Yupp reached this point after trying alot of alternatives. Fixing the symptoms instead of the causation. 

Still working on getting to 100% percent but getting there slowly. 




 weather right now is in the 60s F. Cold but leading into Spring.
Best time to plant seeds is in fall, and the next best time is in the Spring. I'm going to take my chances with Spring. I've delayed it too long. 




 til dont read forbes 




 Not an expert nor even an amateur. So take my suggestion with a grain of salt.

My lawn is for the most part in a crappy situation too. So I also got fed up with it and called a local landscaper.
He is going to dethatch, aerate, apply a mix of blue kentucky grass seeds (maybe in your case apply bermuda grass), and then apply fertilizer after 6-8 weeks.
So those are the steps to recover it seems. 




 Nope. Whats senpai? 




 I dont get it 




 It is and were still doing the typical stuff. But i just dont mix food with girls. Not my thing.  




 U smell right 









 Sweet thanks! 




 How can I get a ticket if I dont own season pass tickets. Seems like a fun time. 




 With Omega-3 




 That made me lol 




 I tried this and it just doesnt taste good. 




 What do you guys do when the Bible starts to get boring 




 I have a very hardtime making decisions.
And people have said that go with your gut alot than trusting anything else. 
 




 Oh well dude. Life happens. 
 




 i like it 
























