 My bet also goes to Guild wars 2.If nothing it was the most anticipated 




 It reminds me a lot of mount and blade,though i am yet to pick up chivarly.Is it worth getting? 




 You're a real asshole scott,aren't you? 




 Australian! 




 Random question,how much would it cost now? 




 I like it!I must say,i didnt have the time to read it all,but from what i read,you have a good story on your hands!Also,a tip from a fellow writer.If you are getting stuck on what to write next,try adding something conpletely unexpected.Suprise yourself.What if it wasnt only the humans that carry the virus now?What if even the sealife is,well fucked,and under attack by the virus? 




 Now the real question is,can they swim? 




 Rasprava o tome koji je burek PRAVI burek 




 I admit i gave up on reading that after the part which reminded me of hippopotamus. 




 Shush...dont use that word... 




 Hell to the no. 




 B..b..but we bassists are different! 




 Ko da su ikad postovali 




 You know,now that youve said it kinda makes sense.Never really thought about it,mostly due to him saying he got the character from that Child Roland poem 




 SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON..................
 




 Playing Video Games.Sometimes it just hits me that im getting older each day and a part of me thinks im just wasting time 




 Wait i can throw my weapons?
 




 The best way to put someone down online is to use as many big words as you can.
 









 Np,glad I could help 




 I recently dreamt of being a vampire during the zombie apocalypse.Yes,my mind is fucked up. 




 I'd say Batman from DC and Deadpool/thor from Marvel 




 Well /r/Steamtrade it is I think,haven't been there in a while 




 You guys should try out Lost Planet 2...even though the game received a negative response from the ign/gamespot,two of my friends and I found the campaign quite entertaining.Aspecially if you enjoy Big Boss Battles.

As for it having to be free,well I'd have to say you could always try Spiral Knights...that's the only free coop game that is right now on my mind

Edit: Just remembered,if you don't mind downloading it,you can get Marvels Ultimate Alliance.Now that game is something fun to play,and I'd say its  maybe 3-4 years old 




 Do your palms sweat a lot while you play?It might have messed with the wires inside of your mouse,causing it to malfunction... I remember a similiar thing happening to my old mouse,just I think the back space key on it stopped working.
 




 The reason you are getting downvoted is probably becouse you are either trying to sell something you received for free,or becouse you are not posting on the trade sub.
I would suppose that you would get a better response there,good luck. 




 Looks pretty damn cool anyway :D
 




 How can you not remember this?

 




 Nice!Did you draw it? 




 Born to be downoted would seem more fitting. 




 Would be funny if someone gave her the link to this..Now that would be something worth watching! 




 I know I havent yet done any trades through reddit,but i made a few through the steam forums.Anyway,the game is 5$ on amazon now,and becouse I dont have flair and am not allowed to trade this i think,i will go first if that will suit rules better.
Heres My profile link:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/

I can add some sweets if needed. 




 I must agree with sir Ryezing.You should apologize,but dont go too far with it.There is an old anegdote,describing a mans desperate tries to apologize to his boss.Luckily i managed to find it:
http://lukianpovorotov.narod.ru/Folder_Chekhov/death_of_a_government_clerk.htm 




 Eh well,I honestly tried writting you a haiku.But unfortunately my non traditional(5-7-5)haikus were spat on from the side of Private.
So i will call this a-short-not-a-haiku-poem-that-rhymes

Fine Says He.
Then spits on poetry of me,
The Private he be.

Good enough? 
























 Serbian here,and stereotypes go towards everything here.But it goes more like an internal joke and less as an insult 




 I personally turn of system sounds quite early.Dont worry,you are perfectly fine 




 Ever tried Pringles with Chocolate? 




 Well post some funny/interesting things online that i would usually keep on my phone and show to friends as a silence buster 




 Screen-Five!(It's like a highfive just you slap your monitor and pretend like i did it at the same time you did) 




 Completely dry?That doesnt sound as good as you think 




 Now imagine all those facebook statuses all rolled up there.The horror. 




 Lets hope he gets more lines this time. 




 So i ran upon the game on gamestop,and it seemed interesting though i never heard of it before.Im usually into RPGs,Action and Adventure games,but usually the strong story is the key. 




 For some reason,now i want to go to the russian youtube. 




 She blesses the vampire,which are in some stories afraid of holy things,such as holy water,crosses... 




 Tell me you saw a bunch of cute puppies and you kept one because of the eyes.Please tell me thats true 




 "Thanks for shopping with us,come again!"
"You too." 




 Your life story would be much better if you gave those girls a chance. 




 Well,now you have 227 more than on your last one 




 I always thought the lower boundary is 65%.Well atleast thats how it used to work here 




 Its even worse when the other guy is wrong,so you get hope you are right,then you end up wrong aswell 




 He also shaved his beard! 




 Id say you should try out Dead Island,its a decently fun game worth its price.As for borderlands,yeah,definetely get it 




 Lets fire a few rounds on it and see what happens 




 Whoever wants to play something can feel free to add me,Doctor Von Foster or pm me your gamertag.I have Dead Island,Fable 2,Halo Reach,Forza 3 and MK Vs DC,so if you need help wih anything or just want to have fun im here! 




 Hell im up for it if comes to it.Hit me up a pm if it ever happens 




 As a galio player,i get you bro 




 "Call the priest!" 




 Hes just waiting,dont be fooled by its appearance 




 Then blaspheme we shall! 




 Tequilla.Lots of it. 




 They should,as long as the games are purschased they should work just fine.The only problem is the free to play games,they tend to dissaear if theres a region lock 




 Just a random question,what genre is the game?It looks pretty interesting 




 This and Wait and Bleed go hand in hand when it comes to workout music. 




 Just let him hide under the bed like he wants to. 




 What mod is on it?Im pretty new to he game,dont judge me 




 Oh i see.Though mount and blade has very large,well done multiplayer battles,the SP factor of it plays a bigger role 




 Back in my days we had cats that would eat that mouse in seconds!Twice! 
























 Its a secret grandma,its a secret. 




 Dont you get that shit near me! 




 Unlike you,stuck in your own time,overrun by the new generations. 




 That sounds real bad man.Well trust me,you can do better than a girl that wont help you go over bad times.Youll find another one,if you didnt already :) 




 So its a God-Of-War-ish RPG?Also does it have any sort of decent multiplayer?
 




 Ever tried telling the bitch the shit that was happening in your life? 




 Awful breakup here,i still loved the girl and she just told me its over out of clear sky.Feels bad bro. 




 A car that cant go forward. 




 What,so you can take a picture of them and say its yours?No way. 




 No!Halt,put your first impressions aside,I am a miracle worker! 




 I think they tried to stick to 'how it would look if it was all perfect'
Though in real life,youd be pretty sure to get shot as soon as sighted even if you had a big red cross on your head. 




 Have fun 




 Cowboy/girl,Police officer.Things you can dress up as with normal clothes.Or spray some red paint on your clothes and face and call yourself a zombie. 




 The leader got arrested for public masturbation,thats where it ended i think 




 One random thing.When did you get that text that she wants you to call her?It might start turning strange to her that shes not getting the call.Also,does her boyfriend have a deeper voice?I know i usually get confused with my father due to having the same voice as him over the phone.Im running dry on ideas here. 




 You are 100% sure that her mother wouldnt let her go?The very worst thing that can happen is her mother coming over to check up on you two, realising you've been lying to her,which would most likely end up quite badly. 




 Blade,BLACK panther... 




 Only Siths deal in absolutes. 




 I would not recommend it,but if you end up doing it,i want the pics 




 Ever noticed they never shoot the medics in Saving Private Ryan?Thats due to it being 'illegal',army medics are also not allowed to carry weapons,due to that. 




 Well ill start....how did it feel? 




 You know anyone older to take the role of your dad?Or tell the woman you are having voice problems and you cant talk right now. 




 A bear.So I could wrestle with him every time i come back from work! 




 Well i remember my parents always helping me out on things like this.Well at least my dad.How 'cool' is your dad on these things?He might be able to help you out. 




 Youtube.Watching two turtles doing it is always funnier while under the effects of alcohol. 




 Spit it. 




 "Hell to the no" 




 Fear.Children always terrified me due to unknown reasons. 




 Original ones.But if memory serves me well,i once tried it with hot and spicy.The way the tastes crash makes your tongue have an orgasm.Have fun! 




 "Fail" 




 Payphone by Maroon 5.I just cant say how much it reminded me of myself after a sudden break up maybe 3-4 months ago.It just came out of clear sky.Well atleast for my side. 




 Seeing someone i know in a place i dont. 




 A very fun night out in my experience.Worst i remember was 600 euros,but there was more of us to pay the price 




 Well the ideas are either r/cosplay or r/Halloween,but im not sure for specifics 
























 Heavy is pretty princess 




 Request sent :3

 




 Hya,I sent you a request so we can talk privately :) 




 http://backpack.tf/id/lordluka7 :) 




 More interested in metal,but for what are we talking about here? 




 Hya,i have magicka for it if you are interested 
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570
thats the link to my inventory,if you are really interested in trading it :) 




 Hya,feel free to add me or post here,but i guess youll get answered faster by adding me.Heres a link to my inventory,everything is good to go,feel free to offer
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570 




 Hes a mad scientist,not a primarch 




 Ever thought of Killing floor?I remember picking up a 4 pack with a bunch of friends,we still play it from time to time 




 Not interested really in paying for something that drops in a bonus game mode.Maybe for items? 




 Check out my inventory on steam,just type in Von Foster,im the only guy around.I didnt log into dota in a while,so im unsure of the essence prices 




 How much do you price the essences for? 




 Drink AND drive?No,you cant do that.Trust me,im a doctor. 




 Well depends what zombies are we talking about here. 




 Well it can always fracture as you are tackled down.Also,you know how the eagles drop down turtles to break their shells?Well you are getting the idea. 




 Or crappy oponnents  




 "IT WASNT ME I SWEAR" 




 Wait wait wait,im a bit confused about this.Ye it makes sense if everyone has only one gun,but if they all have two guns,wouldnt the first one to fire actually 'win'? 




 They might be hyperlinks,for all we know. 




 Are you his father?! 




 Could you give me the link to the other post? 




 I didnt honestly see the other post,because i mostly stick to pther subreddits,plus yes,i really was told this last morning.So if it really is a repost,I am sorry. 




 Halloween parties and such events may occur earlier than the said date. 




 Also a hotel in Alan Ford. 




 As a doctor,i can confirm his statement. 




 Let it die.It isnt interesting 




 If they are your age,I do not see the problem here. 




 Those are the trophies of badassery
 




 That comic is not allowed to be posted.Read the rules.
 




 As a guy,I can tell you I would mostly love if we could cut the chase.Yeah,chasing is fun from time to time,but it can get annoying some times if it lasts too long. 




 Get a hobby.For me its working out.It might sound boring,but by going to the gym i usually relieve myself of the stresses of the day that passed 




 the....? 









 Silly dog,you are not suppost to post! 
























 What if you make it so that the rebel leader kills the civilians,making it look as if the agents did it?It would buff up the rebels morale,and add depth to the short 




 Bro,girl to the left is mia lina,atleast if my memory still serves me well 




 After 2 years of casually playing team fortress 2,i gave it a try to actually play seriously,and not for fun...Truth be told,it was quite interesting thinking about the game for the first time and developing harder strategies. 




 Must say,thats pure crap from them. 




 I think i should have gotten them already,but there are no points in sight.Also,maybe that was US only? 




 My GT is Dr Von Foster,feel free to add me if you want to play some times :) I have Halo reach,Halo 4,Fable 2,MK vs DC,Dead Island,All those free games from Live and Forza 3.Of course,we can all just always play happy wars :) 




 Ah i see.In serbian it litteraly translates to bottom,like the bottom of a pit,rather than down.But given the context,i see how they use it 




 A windrunner waving to a drow ranger,which is facepalming due to...windrunner being extremely 'interesting' 




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/Flag_Blank.svg there you go :) 




 By far the best Windrunner response http://www.dota2wiki.com/images/0/0e/Wind_attack_06.mp3 




 doesnt dno() stand for bottom?Might mean as in bottom tier player,as far as i know 




 No,sorry 




 629 




 Hya all!Keys are preffered,im not looking for eggs nor greevils,and try to offer on this thread,but Pming is cool too.Cheers! 




 Hey its cool bro,good luck 




 Interested in tf2 or dota items?Or magicka? 




 Sony trinitron...is that the one with big speakers on left and right ends?I think i used to own one 




 Got the Kimono of the Ebony Tower,What would you offer for it? 




 Hey man,random question,whats the going price for a soul reaper?Just dropped for me and i have no idea what to sell it for 




 Ill take the bb deal,never really have the time to use those honestly.Add me 




 Whats your price on each of them? 




 For what?Also got a random add from a person offering 2 eggs for my Call of dendrochreon,was i right to turn that offer down? 




 Hya!So im looking mostly for eggs,but id also like if someone could tell me what their common price is.Also everything is free to go and up for trade,just offer me here before adding on steam.Im going to sleep now,ill check out the offers in the morning.Cheers!

http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/ 




 Dude.Crimson dlc is 6v6 




 Doctor Von Foster
Natural Selection 2
Happy holidays mate :) 




 you happen to be trading/giving away some of those?
 




 Great,thanks for answering so quickly 




 So during diretide,i have recieved an egg and didnt infuse it with any essences.After some time,i have forgotten about it,eventually leading to its expiration.So my question is,do the eggs still drop im game like in diretide?And are there any specific ways to get them,like winning the greeviling(didnt prove as such for now) if yes? Thanks in advance,Doc 




 I got a call of the dendochreon for furion just a couple of minutes ago from a nice gift.Furion being my all time favorite hero,this made my day! 









 Hey man,you interested in trading your keys for metal?
 




 Well it mostly depends really.Its not a mistake using either,good luck with your purschase :) 




 Nah,sorry im only looking for metal.Plus as far a i read on the spreadheet,its 3 ref 




 I have a genuine war head.Does that change the price? 
























 Hya all,I have a couple of items i would like to trade away!
So here it goes
Ember Tipped Antennae,
Shattered Blade of Levinthal,
Direstone Liferipper,
And others looking to find a new home from my inventory!
Feel free to either offer here or simply add me,cheers! 




 Dragon Knight,makes you a black dragon with a desolatorish effect on your attacks 




 Great man,i added you on steam so we can talk there more about the games :) cheers! 




 I want to participate in 5v5
I live in GMT+1:00 timezone and am most active during 17:15-19:00 hours of the day.
I am comfortable with a 0 to low levels of risk and reward when it comes to item wagering.
Im sorry if im double posting this from the last one,cant remember if i already signed up but im happy to participate. 




 Im up for 5v5 0 to low wages.Living in UTC/GMT + 01:00 timezone and i should be free between 5:30-7/8(depending on agreement) every day except friday/saturday 




 Hi,i guess i could spread the word across some other trade sites/groups.If i manage to bump into something,ill let you know.Good luck to everyone!
Also if you could PM me the price youre buying them at it might help me get the attention of sellers. 




 How much are you asking for the Wyrm of uldorak set for DK? 




 I have the shield you are looking for(wyvern) feel free to add me on steam,ill be online later 




 I completely agree about the farm time.It was just a bit too long and felt forced to me.As for the DK lore,im pretty sure if you read it you could ind out he actually became a half-dragon by fighting a dragon and eventually both of them dying to merge into one.But anyway,i think that would be a bit too hard to make,I mean they could just let you fight your dragon for as your human form until it ends with a stalemate,but i have no idea how it would end up. 




 Actually managed to sell a ton of the juggernaut ones recently through the market.Sadly it was not enough to remove them all,though they did sell for 0.15$ each which is awesome 




 Is that the one that can switch its head?I used to have the same,but of course someone stole one of the two heads.Anyway,i still have a yellow tiger like Autobot in my desk drawers 




 Glad i could help 




 Think he meant necronomicon 




 HARASSING IS FOR PUSSIES!REAL MEN DONT HARASS!God i need to read that guide again 




 No,it doesnt seem so.Theres no mention of Diretide. 




 Hya all.Just want to thank you in advance.I have absolutely no idea how much i could get for these two,got them both to drop during the holiday events so im completely oblivious of their value.Thanks again! 




 Hi,just wanted to ask you a question when you come online next time!Is there any chance of your games coming to Steam,now that Greenlight is up?Im sure it wouldnt be long before you would get 'lit' by the community. 




 Honestly,it was a decent movie.I mean its great when you think about it as a free film,but there were a lot of moments when i had to cut the sound down.Im not talking about the slenderman scenes,heck those were expected but the [ scene where Chases sister cries,i cant remember her name,while they are both tied up was just too much for my headphones. ] (/spoiler)  But all in all,if you like slender man,you will like it.Have fun  




 And we seem to have been arguing over bullshit.Go a little bit lower,someone linked OP trying to sell his account,which probably led to his ban,not this F person. 




 But the problem isnt in him accepting him,the real problem is that it makes absolutely no sense to ban someone just for accepting someones friend request.I mean would it make sense to you if you got banned from steam trading because you accepted a scammer?Heck i see the deal Microsoft probably saw,hey this guy stole someones account,now hes probably adding his friends,so lets ban them all so they hate him!Back on the point,they really should have done more research before banning 100 people  




 The server kick?Well if i remember well in that time it would take you a lot to get a hat.I remember that getting 1 drop per 50 hours was fantastic,because that was all the way before they updated the drop system...Well anyway,the kick was just a running joke we had on the servers,even if there were no admins around the guy that got the hat would just leave and come back,hell i even remember when my friend got a Camera Beard(mind you they were awesome back then),left the server,came back only to have another Camera Beard drop for him.The funny part was that one of the head admins was hoping to get that item for awhile,and with no trading implemented then all we could do is laugh at his fortune 




 Wait wait wait,lets use your logic.If a thief came to you on the street,randomely talked to you for no apparent reason,of course without you knowing he was a thief,would it be okay from the police to just come and put you into prison for not being AntiSocial? 




 Trading has been up for 2 years now?Damn I remember when having a hat drop on a server would give you a complimentary kick from the server....Damn i have to get back to Calculated Chaos. 




 Looks like a united colours of benetton comercial. 









 Ill give you the crown of polymorph,im looking for drow ranger sylvan guard set items,add Doctor Von Foster on steam so we can talk 




 Depends really what MMO you are playing.I remember people being quite polite in 90% of matches in Guild Wars(except those Assassins raging at monks).Heck,even when playing against bots they were programmed to say GG at the end. 




 Just did the whole thing...and honestly,got a bit confused at the end with all the DLC price questions...you guys cant seriously be planning to release an unfinished game and spam the dlc upon the customers? 




 Pretty much describes Fable:The lost chapters.God that was one hell of a game 




 About the ads.Honestly,the only thing so far they did to me was good.I wouldnt have found out about Guardian of Middle Earth if there were no ads on the dashoard,and sure as hell i wouldnt have heard about happy wars...But heck,to each his own. 




 Dont be a dick,op lost a friend 




 Yep 




 Rip his heart out.that should slow down the nuke building process 




 Count me in!GT: train_subject4021 
























 As a person that lived in Yugoslavia,nah Titos death was a pretty sad moment. 




 Its an amazing dark themed rpg,if you like those types of games and havent heard of it before,you should check it out! 




 Aye,I guess i could tune in tommorow morning,but i could also use some help with campaign,killing the Chef in particular is taking me too long.Even when i use spears and knives. 




 Its a tactical squad shooter.If you played Ghost Recon before then theres your explanation.If not,well youre basically in a squad with a couple of other people,and you get objectives(Take out other squad,capture locations).Its based in Vegas(duh) spec ops teams and it uses cover systems like Mass Effect(if you played it).Yes,yes it is fun but its an old game nonetheless. 




 Guess we were all wrong in the prediction thread.Well played microsoft,well played. 




 Any of the mass effect series,all the games are awesome and are generally pretty cheap pre owned 




 I think youre thinking of /r/datgap bro 




 dear god this is awesome 









 Ok,after playing the game all i have to say is that it aint that bad guys.Yes,for some reason i think the first one looked better,played better and all in all just WAS a better game.The problem with this game is the same with DmC:Devil may Cry.It would be a great stand alone game.But as a long awaited PvZ sequel?Meh. 




 Also a Mass Effect game would be god given,I have played the 2nd and the 3rd,with Mass Effect 2 being one of the best RPGs ive played in a long time! 




 To be honest,I only heard of Defense Grid over steam and never really knew it was on other platforms.That said,its not that bad.Well atleast the PC version i played 




 Hi!As we all know,the two games they gave out this month were based on being open world(ish).So what bundle do you think they might give next?Im rooting for a Witcher+Dragons Age title,which would make sense.Or something like a Oblivion(lets be honest,we aint getting skyrim) + Fallout 3,which are both fantastic titles.


Anyway,i want you hear what you guys think!



EDIT:Well its magic the gathering 2013 and rainbow six Vegas.Seems like none of us can predict for shit.Well,see guys later this month in another Predictions thread! 




 Was it ever considered to be added in the future?I know we arent that much big of a deal,but the question always bugged me,probably since i played my first fifa. 




 ammo?I passed the whole game with a super sledge 




 Or some reason,I read this in Treant Protectors voice(cant link now,on my phone,will link in the morning if it means anything) 




 Eh djoka in serbian is a slightly humorous name for penis,still we call him either that or nole 




 Old riki had a moving death ward for his ult 




 Leshrac is an amazing mid if run right,though hes preffered in a support combo 




 When i started,i thought it was derived from Assist,and i would constanlty go to lanes to help those poor guys out,and then get confused by why they need assistance when they are alone 




 Us Serbians recognizing Kosovo seems like the least likely of those to end up happening soon. 




 Hey,Could someone tell me if this is just for US or do we europeans get some love too?Thanks in advance 




 Source- http://www.bravotube.net/videos/slim-casey-connelly-demonstrates-her-nude-body-in-the-backyard/?promoid=1259 




 I set it to Empire and QPAD,but mouz is probably a great pick too 




 That's Sarah jean underwood,she's a playboy playmate  




 There's also sand kings line: Come closer,and I'll show you fear in a handful of sand. If my memory serves me well this is a Dark Tower refference 




 1-10 on earthshaker,and yet it says i have max skill as him
 




 Ah I understand,thanks for clearing it up! 




 I believe its here too,but i don't think it is on all of the games,which would explain how they got the amount...or I just overlooked a number,give me a moment and i will check it

EDIT:just checked,the pack is 50% off here too,yet for some reason it says you only save 7,74 in the deal... 




 Meh you didn't loose a lot,last time i checked the price difference was 7euros 




 Second time i see a post about this and no one mentions Dragon Knight again.That tough motherfucker needs his final form,maybe making him a blackish dragon with a desolatorish effect 




 Hya all,just unboxed this from the new chest.Offers prefferably in keys and here,but if i have no problem with you adding me 




 hahah,ill guess ill just pick up that offer :)
 




 How many items are you willing to offer for it?The c/o is 2 rares 2 uncommons
 
























 Guns of icarus preffered,ill still check the offers
 




 time travel is possible but only in our dreams.lol 




 Well there's some old art of PA carrying omni around,and I guess blink+heal works pretty damn good as a lane combo,ill try and get the pictures tommorow morning 




 Cheers and good luck
 




 You should go to /r/buildapc think its the best one for this question 














 Some colour on it and it will look amazing!Howd she make it? 




 I remember a story from school that when it came to the space race,the American science team wasted valuable time developing a pen that could be used in outer space,while the Russians skipped that and just used an ordinary pencil and got the edge from that.While it doesn't sound 100% true,still an interesting story to hear 









 Oh i see,sorry for that one,my mistake 




 I believe shocktober is currently up,with horror/zombie games 




 Aye,ill prolly join in by tommorow 




 Looking mainly for a combination of Killing Floor+Garrys Mod+ Sweets if possible,if not some combination of either two games with something else

Cheers
 




 Even though Rockstar announced that online issues have been resolved,I still cant get into online.I managed to get twice in for maybe 10 minutes,but after that its either time put freeze screen or random kick 




 Ill take this offer 









 Would you take 1 dota key for it?
 




 Thats croatia 




 ako covek daje sajkacu za snajpera ima par karata od mene!
 




 A spent a game talking to a guy on our team who kept trying to convince me to buy propane tanks.I dont want no goddamn propane tanks. 




 The episode in Digimon where one of them evolves all the way into its final Angelic form to fight an enemy.The details that stuck to me were the dark castle in the background and the digimon reverting back to its first stage.Thinking now,its been more than 10 years since i watched that episode and i still remember it 




 As a friend of mine once said,it has always been popular to hate the government. No matter how good it is,having a rebellious attitude makes people think they are more interesting. 




 Story time:


During a party at a friends place,one of the friends got really,really drunk.Like he didn't know where the hell he was most of the time.At one point,i see him wondering outside and tell him lets go inside and have you sit down.

But I have to find my brother!

At this point his brother was standing next to him and looking at me trying to figure out what was going on.So I tell him:


Your brother's right here,lets go inside,he'll go there with us.

Instead of responding to that,he gives me a long stare and gives me a slap across my face.Now if he wasn't a good friend of mine and half my size,this would have ended a lot different.So i pick him up,take him inside and lay him on the couch and tell him to stay there while i go get something for him so he sobers up.


Now,as I'm walking my female best friend walks up to me and asks me why i look angry.To which i respond by explaining what happened.Now the funny part.


She starts screaming at me.Direct quotes:


You cant be fucking angry at someone thats drunk!


But im not angry at him!


Yes you fucking are i see it in your eyes!


Im slowly starting to get confused here,as I would never hurt the guy even when he was sober.
Dude Im just going to go get him something to sober up


No!Youre staying right here because you will hurt him if you go there!

At this point people are gathering around and laughing due to her screaming at me and me looking confused as fuck.Later on,instead of apologizing the only thing she said was We both made mistakes then.

Thats pretty much what caused me to stop hanging out with her for some time,but alas shes still the best friend i ever had. 




 Watch a lot of TV and read books. Thats pretty much how i learned English as a kid,and trust me,it ends up paying off much more than you'd expect it to. 




 Yeah,even though i think i watched that episode more than 10 years ago,I remember patamon evolving into a big Angelic digimon to defeat the evil one(it was some sort of a dark castle theme if memory sever right)and ended up deevolving(correct me if im calling it wrong) back to the first stage.No idea how that stuck so long in my head 




 Quick search says http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001B4EEW4 which is pretty cheap if you ask me.


 




 Oh bro the batteries dont go there,they go in th case which you are lacking,give me a moment to take a picture of my controler


EDIT:Here you go http://imgur.com/CWtHaia


You should contact the person that sold you the controller,you either got screwed over or it was noted in the post 




 Hi!Could you send in pictures?Im slightly confused about the case bit in particular 




 I played a lot of From Dust as i happened to get it pretty cheap (5 pounds for a 3pack).Its a pretty fun game,albeit its a bit short.Its definitely worth checking out if you enjoy god games(Black and White in particular comes to mind).I havent played the other two so i cant really say anything about them 




 She just has small eyes,heres a close up of her face http://thesecurewalls.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/malena-morgan-awesome.jpg 




 Do you only draw your own ideas or do you do drawings per request too? 




 Visit Bangkok.As in both meanings of settling down(Staying home/Getting Married) taking a trip to Thailand is definitely a must if you can afford it. 




 are you sure?Look at the tattoos http://i.imgur.com/BXS7ae3.jpg (Malena Morgan) 





























 What exactly is a 200$ ebook? 




 Let them listen to my Shower-Singing 




 Im guessing a deranged Austrian Doctor with a dark sense of humour 




 Check the bullet count 




 For everyone asking,look at the bullet count 









 You're missin out 




 Even the dog looks like it doesn't want to be there 




 Skippin the campaign is like fast forwarding the story section of porn.You'll still get all the action but you'll lose some concept to certain things 









 Love ya 




 BO1 stands for Best Out of 1,meaning only one map is played.Some teams preffer playing BO1s(mouz) and perform much better at them,while some teams preffer BO3s/BO5s. 




 Theyre taking the hobbits to Isengard 




 I never judge games based on their reviews,and I took the same road with Nether and it ended up being a fun game to play with friends.So I'll stick to my previous opinion. 




 Having played nether and found it worth the 10 i spent on it earlier,Im going to say i have no idea what youre talking about here 




 ah ok,thanks anyway 




 Whats your price on Batman Arkham Origins? 




 Dead space if its not gone would be amazing,thanks in advance! 




 Is the offer still up? I'll do it if so 









 Let it all out OP.What went wrong? 









 offer away! 




 ahem http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=992486541 




 Fantom 









 Ill check the offers in the morning,cheers 









 Would you mind me using your music in a youtube video? Im promoting another indie game,i will of course credit you at the end 




 Looking generally for Steam keys from other bundles,I dont use desura so I have no use for the key,I also have a whole bunch of other desura keys from Groupees 11 bundle,so if anyone is really interested hit me up and ill find them! 




 I woke up to a TV burning in my room. 




 Sand Kings line,Ill show you fear in a handful of sand is a reference to TS Eliots waste lands,where a character says Ill show you fear in a handful of dust! 




 oh thanks,ill keep it in mind 
























