 The Rumpus is great as well-  




 Awesome! Definitely one of the best book blogs out there- I trust you guys more than many of the legacy newspaper reviews out there.  




 Why don't you create it and we'll see what comes of it. I would love to contribute.  




 I still remember reading #5 where you find out Marco's history. Genius books, awful television show.  









 Thanks! 




 Much appreciated 




 Thanks! 




 What is it in the human brain that tells us to compete with others with no material gain?  














 Whelp, consider me informed. I'm ridiculously impressed that you knew that.  









 I don't even care if Enders Game is awful- I've been waiting most of my life for that movie so ill be there on opening day. 




 You may want to begin with history books. Anything by Michael Beschless is amazing. Nowadays the best politics books are about individual issues. Authors go hand in hand, like Joseph Stiglitz and the economy. What are you interested in learning about? 




 Even receipts are plastered with exclamation points.  









 This American Life made me nostalgic about the NH I know. The current NH political scene is still vibrant, but much of it is completely fukt.  




 website problems are not my issue buddy 














 This is the best Twitter analytics system that I've used yet, and I've used a lot.  





























 Bright Lights, Big City 









 When men don't wear belts.  




 When will there be a Gattaca sequel? 




 Check out the Hyperion series by Dan Simmons. Keats included.  




 that doesn't charge hundreds of dollars for new ink cartridges. I have a Konica Minolta Magicolor 4750DN and to replace everything (toner, ink, imaging units) costs more than a thousand dollars every 6 months. This is for less than 5,000 pages printed. Any thoughts? 




 But his ideologies ARE kind of reflected... Ender was never supposed to exist. The Wiggins had him so that they could procreate as their religion said they were supposed to.  




 I'm the best man at a wedding this fall and have the whole bachelor party planned, but it's expensive and as I've never done this before I don't know what the protocol is. Anyone have any experience? 









 eggs and lots of toilet paper.  














 Favorite is relative to you. There is no wrong answer.  




 Ahhh what an evil bloke 




 You have my vote- but Atticus. Scout got all her good grace from him.  




 I found a list of the top 100 fictional characters of the last 100 years and I just don't know how they came up with them. Love to know your opinions.  



















 I'm reading we are anonymous by parmy Olson. Really well researched. 




 Dan Simmon's Hyperion. I dare you to read it and not enjoy. 




 Check out Dan Simmon's Hyperion or Orson Scott Card's Enders Game. Both have subsequent books and will hook you from the starts. 












































 Yes, I'm sorry. 




 I once wrote a 15,000 page story 3 separate times, in first, second, and third person respectively. Finally I realized that I liked it best in third person, but that I needed to rewrite it AGAIN. I think in the end, I kept about 100 words of the roughly 50,000 I initially wrote. 

The silver lining is that the story thrived from the endless editing, and is now a published piece of fiction.  









 Not to mention some of these folks aren't even alive.  









 I've been waiting to read this book for months. So it's worth it? 




 Ahhhhh 




 John Keats is a poet from 200 years back. He's an interesting guy, and Hyperion gets its namesake from one of his poems. This book takes a VERY interesting twist on him. 

Also, the book is chronological.  




 Ayn Rand is a wizard with a plot, but her writing is grueling. 

Ender's Shadow is brilliant, as well as the entire Hegemon series. I have a sneaking suspicion you'll be hearing a lot more about this book after November hits.  




 The first book is about a pilgrimage to an abandoned planet, and each of 7 chapters is told by a different pilgrim. Each subsequent book takes a different narrative approach, but all of the characters remain the same. On a side note, if you're at all a John Keats fan, this is a can't miss.  




 Bright Lights, Big City.  




 Hyperion by Dan Simmons.  




 Check out Hyperion by Dan Simmons. It's a 4 book series that runs through about 7 narrators, but each of them have a compelling story and they all come together flawlessly. One of the best (and most underrated) series around.  









 Isn't this why fan fiction exists? 




 I love this guy's swagger.  




 Never been but would love to share a meal with you.  




 Long live Chauncey. Mitch, have you ever eaten at his restaurant in Colorado? 




 Happy cake day! 




 I'm still rooting for the Celtics.  
























 cocker spaniel 









 What a joke 









 How'd you get your verification? I want one.  




 I think Pres was drunk during this.  









 page views is not misleading when it comes to financing the websites. More pageviews = more money.  














 manhunted 




 Lazy fat blogger? 




 So basically just put all of them in the bcc line to increase your chances of getting on the stool.  









 According to the press kit on the site, which hasn't been updated in months, the page views are as follows:

Boston - 700k unique users/month
New York - 500k unique users/month
Chicago - 500k unique users/month
BarstoolU - 500k unique users/month
Philly - 350k unique users/month

So, there you have it.  














 I haven't used chewing tobacco in 58 days.  




 The 52 second mark... 




 I can't help but feel you're a bad person.  




 If you could choose your friend's Halloween costume, what would you choose? 


































 Can you please add the Seabrook Star? 









 Was the best part of filming Joe Dirt working with Kid Rock, or inspiring millions? 









 How has the success of Gone Girl affected your writing habits? Has anything changed now that you don't have to be concerned with your finances? 




 Hey Romanski how proud are you being from NH? Probably my greatest achievement. 




 Ernest Cline's Ready Player One.  




 Junot Diaz 



















 I've always attended the interactive sessions, so I can't speak to the music. That being said there seems to be a give and take with the popularity of these festivals. They are becoming larger and more intricate, which takes away from the grass roots feel of the whole thing, but also moves them towards bigger acts and more legitimacy. 

Plus even at interactive the music is still killer. 














 Clay, I'll be attending your talk with Emily Parker this evening at the New America Foundation. How do you know Mrs. Parker and what are your thoughts on the possible balkanization of the Internet? 









 I have a Lenova laptop, plugged into a Lenova docking station, which is hooked up to a Dell monitor (VGA to VGA). I recently picked up a Lenova monitor. I would like to use the docking station to have dual monitors, but the only other port is a DVI-D and the monitor has a VGA port. 

I ordered an adapter (VGA to DVI-D) and it didn't work. I did some trouble-shooting, and both monitors, chords, and ports work. This leads me to believe that it's the adapter's fault, but before I order a new one I'm curious if there's something I'm missing. My IT team tells me that the video card, comp, and docking station support dual-monitors.  




 Depends on experience and writing. Do you have any writing samples? 




 I'm in the process of rolling out a new tech-oriented website with a focus on futurism. I would like to hold an open discussion about how technology is effecting out culture; think "the future of optometry in a world of Google Glass" or "Snapchat is mocking your privacy; here's why you don't care." I'm open to most topics, but I"m looking specifically for beat writers to cover drones, wearables, and 3d printing. 

Message me if this is of interest to you and I can share more details.  









 I can't help but feel that open systems are dominating the market right now, and that any desirable closed system is being cannibalized by open source software anyway. More curious than anything else.  









 Congratulations. As someone who works in publishing, this is no small feat. However I have to warn you, the hard part is just beginning.  
























 I'll probably be picking that up soon 









 It is an epic western about the Texas frontier. It's a very dark cowboy and Indian story that spans about 100 years, similar to Marquez.  




 I work in the book biz, so I saw dozens of reviews for this book when it came out. If I can help it I won't read a review before I read the book, so I basically ignored The Son until a few weeks ago, when I met Philipp Meyer and had a beer with him. I started reading the book the next day and, though I'm only a dozen chapters in, I know this will be one of my all time favorites. The writing is as close to perfect as I've seen in recent memory. Have you all read the book and what do you think? I'm afraid I'm just a fan of the man instead of the writing.  









 As a publicist, this is an awesome list that will add hours to my workload next week. Thanks. 




 There's a book called Christian Nation that is all about if McCain won the election and died weeks later. 




 I'm a book publicist in NYC. My firm is a freelance consulting outfit so I have worked with virtually all publishers and about a dozen bestsellers every year.  














 Ready player one by Ernest cline  




 We're running the NYC marathon under the banner of the joe Torre safe at home fund. All the money we make goes to them. 




 The money we raise is headed here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM-meqdHUw4 




 I thought the book was inspiring. The whole time I was reading it I was thinking that I should really get out there and do something big. The specifics didn't matter so much to me as that feeling I got while reading it.  









 What's the fun in that? 









 We had a middle school gym teacher fired and jailed for being intimate with a student. I believe this occurred on several occasions, and they were discovered by the gym teacher's wife, also a gym teacher at the school.  




 Correct 




 You won't even know what chafing looks like until you see us.  









 You're missing an 'e' 




 I read your autobiography in middle school. Did you write it or was there a ghost? 

















































 What is the yellowcake output of your mine? Where is it used/sold? I take it that this is still a growing industry as there are about two dozen nuclear plants slated for construction in the next decade worldwide. Any thoughts on nuclear energy as opposed to oil   gas? 




 Nabokov's wife pulled Lolita out of the trash after he tried to burn his first draft. Guess we know who won the wife contest. 




 What, those aren't books? 



















 Fillory 




 Snape killed Dumbledore 




 This happened to me once after an brutal car wars game. $125 seat cleaning bill delivered in all dimes.  




 Female Thor, Mrs. Marvel, black Captain America, Miles Morales as Spider Man. Just curious.  














 I would start with Drown, his first collection of short stories. His second book is a novel called The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao. This won a Pulitzer for fiction, but is usually the least liked of his books. I loved it, but I would read Drown first. Finally, This is How You Lose Her is his second collection of short stories and was released last year. He's apparently working on a Dominican Apocalypse story now, which will be amazing. If you Google him you can probably find a number of his stories online. He publishes in The New Yorker every couple of years.  




 Junot Diaz will cure that for you.  




 Go home, you're drunk. That's how we say it in the biz. 




 That's what got me too. 




 Not fucker, but he definitely had his moments. 




 He was awesome.  





























 Mediocre 



















 Copyrighting so hard right now 














 Actual chills 














 The fella with the beard is at work and asked me to respond. As a bit of back story, we all initially began our training with beards- it was kind of a gimmick for charity. He was admirably the only one who kept his throughout, and we actually shaved it off together about an hour after this picture was taken. But here's his response:  

"it definitely kept me warm on a relatively cold day. Disclaimer- Not advisable for use with summer training regimen in NYC and is generally incompatible with most models of girlfriend."

Anyway, thanks for the kudos!

 




 Ha! Who is this? 




 Thanks. I think I'm still smiling now.  




 The entire thing was memorable. Even the people who were miserable were smiling because of the crowds. The three of us ran the entire race together so we had a lot of support throughout, and we did about as well as we thought we would. If I had to pick one moment, it was coming off the Queensboro Bridge into Manhattan. The crowds, which were already massive in Brooklyn and Queens, were ENORMOUS in Manhattan. It was such a cool experience. Thanks for asking!  














 TL;DR, My twin brother added "I want to come on your hard tits" to my final paper in an AP history class. Teacher was a feminist.  




 Some of my favorites:

Ill Bambino,
Sanfords,
Queen's Comfort,
Junkos,
Bartelino's 



















 Two time reader here. The first reading wasn't so much difficult as it was disgusting. I've read some dark stuff, but this one got to me. It wasn't until the second read that I realized how amazingly intricate and beautiful the prose was. I actually sympathized with HH and thought of the book as some great story of love and loss. Every time I mention this I get weird looks, but it has become a favorite of mine. Keep at it. 
 
























 What do you think of the UX design on Reddit? 



















 "You're not perfect, sport, and let me save you the suspense: this girl you've met, she's not perfect either. But the question is whether or not you're perfect for each other." 




 Wouldn't this be so much more effective if the man/woman named themselves? 




 People now wearing belts 




 Send me a PM, I'm a book publicist and have worked with him before. Did you want any signed book, or a special inscription? 




 Is that bullshit, man, or is it reliable?
 




 I had a professor back in college who swore by this book. I couldn't hear the end of how amazing it was and how McEwan demonstrated his masterful writing skills here. I started reading it yesterday, and am currently about halfway. Holy hell was he right. Every chapter is amazing concise and demonstrates everything that makes writing transformative. voice, POV, narrative distance, blah blah blah. Anyway, read it.  




 It's so awesome that I wish I never read any of them so I could read them again for the first time.  




 Hyperion by Dan Simmons and it's not even close.  




 She came by way of Archer, Bridgeport, Nanuet, worked off 95 in jeans and a denim jacket, carrying a plastic bag and shower shoes, a phone number, waiting beneath an underpass, the potato chips long gone, lightheaded.  




 So many. 

David Mitchell
JK Rowling
Junot Diaz
Phillip Meyer
Ben Fountain
Lev Grossman
JOshua Ferriss
Jennifer Eagan
Michael Chabon

So many more. The issue is that this trait can reasonably be argued in most any book considered decent. Even short stories show character development. I don't really agree with the the fact that Cormac McCarthy doesn't develop his characters, he just does it differently.  




 Requiem for a Dream. Nightmare fuel.  




 How long did the technical aspects of the book take you to write? I know your background is in the sciences, but there seemed to be a lot of complicated formulas involved in this book. 

Also, did you intentionally write this book to read like a movie script?

Lastly, did you laugh when you realized that Matt Damon was going to play ANOTHER character trapped on a foreign planet? 




 I love to insult people through compliments.  




 How was it listening to the audio book? I read it and loved it, but it was so clearly written for a movie that I bet the audio book was even better.  









 I don't understand how this helps?  




 What a picture! 


































