 ok :D 




 Are you willing to trade Orcs Must Die 2 for Dota 2? (I would really really like to have OMD2) 




 Are you willing to trade Terarria for Dota 2? 

http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054548661/ 
























 069
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054548661
Torchlight II
Man I so want that game. Some friends said it was cool so yeah I would be so happy :) Thanks 




 I report you cus you stay top and dont help bot... ok what??? Are you blind??? I am top and you are bot?
What about the jungler 




 Add me in steam if you want to trade 
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054548661/

*Terraria ( I always mess up the name!) 
























 Well while I was searching through YouTube I found a video of Robert Downey Jr's song "Man like me" and right away I tought: yup I have to learn how to play that song
So I went to google and searched the chords and in ultimate guitar the song was missing some text so I was wondering if you guys could help me with the song? Just standart tuning guitar tabs here are the lyrics:

http://m.metrolyrics.com/man-like-me-lyrics-robert-downey-jr.html

And here is the song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNaDzM9ETMA feature=youtube_gdata_player


Thank you! 




 Well I don't have money right now and the game is on sale so I would be very grateful if someone could buy me the game. Thanks in advance 




 I want it 
























 My point was that there are some SOME :D important questions there and noone give a f**k about those people 




 Booooooooring....
 




 I really want that awesome game and if anyone is willing to send it as a gift I would be grateful.
P.S.- I can't buy the game. I'm low on cash.

Here is my steam ID. Just add me:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/dan4osi/

Thank you! 
























 Marry me. You are beautiful 




 My main is an asura thief named Lil'Stealthy. Some time ago I played WoW and I loved rogues. Thief just reminds me of the time when I played that pay-to-play game. Now I am happy to say that GW2 is better! You know the addiction to WoW you get when you play it. I had it but now with the help of GW2 everything changed :)
 




 I would really love to get a key 
























 Never thought of the guild thingy. Will do so. I hate being serious in a guild - that's the problem. Right now I am in 2 guilds. Both of them are pretty serious but I said to the main guy that I won't be serious and I will be more like a representative of those guilds. If they want they could kick me - they didn't do so. 




 One word: IKEA 




 OMG This is Beautiful!!!! 
























 What? 




 No money for parts. Paying for fitness. I'm good with my old friend from 2007 (computer) but thanks for the advice :D 




 Thanks for all the advice.  I'm currently in EU Ring Of Fire and just a few mins ago I created a Sylvary Guardian - hope I didn't get the name of the race wrong. When I saw the guardian in the shining armour I just said this is the new beginning.  So yeah 
























 There will be no question in my post. I just wanted to share that you Mr. Schwarzenegger inspired me to start fitness   bodybuilding. I was a newcomer to fitness and was searching for articles on the web and saw something like: Arnold Schwarzenegger - Mr. Olympia. I opened the page because... well I have grown with your movies, because my father always watched action movies and yeah terminator predator true lies (hope I'm not mistaking the name it's been a long time since I watched that movie which reminds me of downloading the soundtrack). Anyways back to the topic: so I saw a picture of your body from one of the competitions and said: if that man did it I can do it too. I was like you when you saw the picture or Reg Park. And I started reading your bio. Then bought the new encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding and yeah you can guess how it continues. Also wanted to tell you that you are not only an inspiration but you are the perfect example of a person who reached his goals in life (and is still reaching). I have learned a lot. 
I will never forget one sentence: "You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets."
Thank you for everything :) 




 How did you make your Asura look so cool? :D 




 Hey your Sylvari looks amazing :D. I like the colours and everything.  I too have a Sylvari. Made him a week ago. It's almost the same as the Sylvari Guardian look you get when you create your character for the first time. But yet again - love those colours of yours 
























 Now that's a comment I like. It even better because it's from a girl's perspective. Great comment really.
I agree with everything. As I said I am willing to do the FWB thing, just didn't know what to do. And I was thinking about the cuddling thing. Damn that's my favorite thing :D Too bad
As Roosevelt's wife said: "Every day do something that frightens you" and since the FWB is something new to me I'm a bit scared really so that's why I am looking for comments like this one. Thanks :) 




 Well in my case we still chat, be friendly you know. She told me I can do everything just without the relationship and feelings. Personally I am not scared to commit. Maybe it's she who's scared. We are behaving like we are friends. But there will be benefits. Like in that movie. Even though life is never like that :D 




 If he didn't have those coins we wouldn't be able to see your hand right now. Science :D 
























