 First off, I'm the representative for the CoS on this sub.   
You're asking some leading questions here. What do you consider "active"? What do you the expect the Church of Satan to do for you? The Church of Satan is an organization of individuals, all of whom share a base common ground on the acceptance of Satanism and works of LaVey, but beyond that our members vary in political, philosophical, and personal interests. For the Church of Satan to act as a group in many cases is illogical and counter productive towards our members. Instead, the Church of Satan will promote the individual activities of individual members so long as it has it is in agreement with Satanism.   

The goals of the Church of Satan are to maintain the works of LaVey, to promote the activities of publicly open Satanists who affiliate with the Church of Satan and apply Satanism to the real world, and to push for the Pentagonal Revisionism. These are the only political/social goals for the COS as a group. For details on this, see LaVey's article: http://www.churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php  

Here is Magistra Blanche Barton's update on the program: http://www.churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php  


Speaking of Barton, she just did presentation on the history of the Church of Satan and its role in secularism as part of a larger forum on the history of secular humanism in San Diego. This was 3 weeks ago.  

The Church of Satan is pragmatic and realistic. We know that certain goals cannot be attained by waving a Sigil of Baphomet banner. You have to get into the system and work it from the inside, and we have many members doing just this. In certain situations we will work with other organizations openly, like we have with the Center for Inquiry.   

I'm often referred to public rituals as an indicator for "activity". LaVey publicized Church of Satan rituals in the early days (late 60's, early 70's), but then locked the doors and did not perform any public rituals for the rest of his life. Since LaVey's passing there have been a handful of public Satanic rituals, including the 6/6/6 Satanic Mass at the Center for Inquiry, and a public celebration of Dashwood and the Hellfire Club at the Hellfire Caves in Southeast England. Keep in mind, a "Satanic ritual" does not need to be a group of robed men surrounding an altar. The goal of Satanic ritual is to cause change in the real world, and this can be done through a powerful speech or a moving musical performance. Many of our members have preferred this method, and we're out there more and more.  

About the fee: Satanists are material, pragmatic, and carnal. We do not believe in selling souls and empty blessings. We will not fool you into thinking we're a charity and that our time is without value. Support is material, and most easily represented in the form of monetary funds. What is done with this? By and large it's to cover administrative expenses, costs of media representation, legal expenses, and various technical expenses. And that's after we paid the taxes, which we believe all religious organizations should do. I've spent time with the Church of Satan's High Priest and Priestess and there is A LOT that needs to get done on a day-to-day basis. When a couple of idiots kill someone in the name of Satan and the media catches wind of it, guess who gets called? Yes, we have the FBI and local police on speed dial. This takes time, effort, and money. And like you say, it's not a whole lot of it for a lifetime membership. I just spent this much buying records today. What are you going to get out your membership? Nothing if you sit around waiting for something to be handed to you. Do you want to work with other Satanists who may share common interests or real world goals? I know many members who've done just that, professionally, artistically, and academically. It's up to you to decide how much you want to be active or inactive. We have a number of members who tipped their hat and go along their way, applying Satanism in their activities without declaring themselves as Satanists.  




 Charles Manson said he was the second coming of Christ. People say a lot of things, especially people who aren't chemically balanced.  




 Just because the media reports something as "Satanic" doesn't make it so. The kid was obviously a nutcase, enough said. Nothing to do with Satanism at all. There is no such thing as selling your soul to anything. If ANYONE believes otherwise they are delusuonal and have no rational, philosophical, or metaphysical ground to stand on. Period. 









 1. You have a fundamental misunderstanding of "indulgence" if you equate it to hedonism. What's wrong with being at peace and wanting to relax? As LaVey recalls of Catism, "He who sleeps the day away, lives to sleep another day".  

2. Satanists except themselves for who they are. If they feel that their potential is not fully realized, they may work towards achieving that, so far as it's fun. Happiness and being content with oneself is true Satanism.  

3. The Satanic Bible is bombastic, it's meant to trigger instinctual reactions. These can be either positive and or negative. LaVey even described it as a necessary style for the time. He was inspired by the philosophy of Voltaire, who believed small, concise but powerful tracts would inspire revolutions. The Satanic Bible is bedrock, foundation, upon which further study is necessary. Some call this Deep Satanism, and the Church of Satan encourages those who wish to further the philosophy of Satanism to study Western philosophy, religion, anthropology, the natural sciences, and history. Was "turn the other cheek" an aggressive taunt for the Romans? Maybe, but that was not the context in which Jesus taught. See his Beatitudes.  

4. Satanism rejects self-deception. Satanism is a religion. Not all religions are simply self-deception. Ask yourself, how big of a role did Christianity play in maintaining slavery and discrimination in comparison with how it helped? I would argue that such movements had much more to do with economic outcomes than spiritualism (see The Economics of the Civil Rights Revolution by Gavin Wright, Stanford University)  

5. "I feel Satanism has become stagnant over the years since Dr. LaVey's death." Huh? As someone who's been involved in Satanism and the activities of the Church of Satan since the late 90's I can't understand how people continue to proclaim this. Major gatherings? Which major gatherings? What do you consider major? What do you define as "stagnant" or "active"? Performing public rituals? More public rituals have been performed in the past 6 years than in the last 20 of LaVey's life. I promoted an event here on this sub for a musical event in NYC that featured a number of Satanists, that was heavily attended by the Church of Satan, and it sold out the venue. And if you grasped the most basic fundamentals of Satanism you would have caught on what was presented on stage, and many have. So either you're looking in the wrong places or you willfully have your head in the sand. 




 I also have no interest in a flame war, but I will not leave sloppy logic unchallenged. There are fundamental first principles we will disagree on and I do not hide these biases, but they are clearly defined. I ask for the same from others who usually retort with "don't tell me what to do!" or "occult mysteries".  




 Protestants call themselves protestants, and would say Catholics are improper Christians at best, and they often argue that Catholics are not Christians at all. In fact, both parties call each other satanic.  

"The term was used to describe a certain set of beliefs for a very long time."  

By who? As far as I can tell, the terms "satanism" and "satanic" were used by the Abrahamic religions as a derogatory term, or by Abrahamic heretics who chose to worship for the "other side" but always recognized and operated under Abrahamic cosmology, and very often reverting to standard dogma. 




 They are being theologically (according to their own "believed" mythologies) and philosophically (according to rational metaphysics) inconsistent. And that's being polite about it. 




 And this is why devil worship should be vehemently rebuked.  



















 The last symbol goes by various names, the Brimstone Cross, Leviathan Cross, etc. It's based on the alchemical symbol for sulfur/brimstone, which comes from volcanos and hot springs, giving connotations of hellfire. In rituals it can used as a phallic symbol, or a symbol of fire and strength. The Brimstone Sigil is used by High Priest Peter Gilmore and is featured on limited edition of the [Satanic Scriptures](http://www.satanicscriptures.com/). 




 Funny how many Westerners who push the Buddhist idea of "love your enemy" come from pampered backgrounds. A fluffy ideal that has no place in the history of man, today or sixteen hundred years ago. Especially among Buddhists, who's very existence in many instances depended on hating your enemies. Unless you can say you love your enemies in your heart as you spear them.  

http://world.time.com/2013/04/23/burma-accused-of-ethnic-cleansing-for-rohingya-violence/    
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22356306  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddhism_and_violence  
  
This philosophy is suicidal. And that's not bashing it, this is exactly what it is. Let's not forget Gandhi. "Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love." Who would tell the Jews that suicide is more heroic than fighting for your life: "But the Jews should have offered themselves to the butcher's knife. They should have thrown themselves into the sea from cliffs."   




 There are also a number of rituals in [High Priest Peter Gilmore's book The Satanic Scriptures](http://www.amazon.com/Satanic-Scriptures-Peter-H-Gilmore/dp/0976403595/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1/104-7850525-6432757?ie=UTF8 s=books qid=1182438419 sr=8-1/churchofsatan). 




 And one more thing, there is no Satanic community. 




 The "Marriage to the Beast" is some bullshit spewed by David Icke and fanatical Christians. There is no such ritual in actual Satanism.  
  
If you want to see what a real Satanic ritual looks like take a look at this video of the Church of Satan's 6/6/6 event.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1zsIk6WcNM 









 There aren't many "blogs" covering Satanism as defined by the Church of Satan. Most of the writers in our organization focus on books, magazines, and journalism that's not explicitly "Satanic". For example, Kevin Slaughter's [Underworld Amusements](http://www.underworldamusements.net/) publishes a number of books, including High Priest Gilmore's Satanic Scriptures. He also produces a number of video interviews and features.  

Adam Campbell interviewing Peter H. Gilmore  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkmuV5R_O6g  

Peter H. Gilmore on "Exoticism" in Satanic Ritual  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20a5688homA  
  
Peter H. Gilmore on Art and Discrimination  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff42Edhz4iM  

Kevin Slaughter on The Billy Madison Show 99.5 KISS (Pretty much KS talking with the mentally retarded)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tD-TQafisA  

Kevin Slaughter lecturing on the philosophy of the Church of Satan at a Maryland college  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpI_TvJXc84  

Kevin I. Slaughter and Robert Merciless at SkeptiCamp DC talking about Satan as a Rebel Hero  
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL41D882B4680B0998
 




 Continued...  

I (Reverend Raul Antony) host a Dark Ambient, Post-Industrial, Power Electronics podcast called Chaos Sedated. I've done production and promotion for record labels such as Cold Meat Industry, Tesco USA, Annihilvs Power Electronix, and became Technical Director of RFS about 2 years ago.  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/chaossedated/  

Warlock Atreus hosts Vox Satanae, a show dedicated to classical music with an emphasis on vocal music.   
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/voxsatanae/

Citizen JNothing hosts The Metal Grotto and also a very popular 80's and New Wave podcast called The Metro. 
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/metalgrotto/  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/metro/  

For news and commentary we currently have VASCA Radio   Confessions of a Wicked Witch.  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/vasca/  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/wickedwitch/  

The aforementioned Dave Ingram also hosts Lambert's Basement, a big band and jazz podcast.  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/lambertsbasement/  
  
Warlock Joel Gausten hosts an underground punk and rock music and interview show called Glory is Noise. He's had guests such as Paul Roessler (45 Grave, Screamers), Brendan Canty (Rites of Spring/Fugazi), and Al Jourgensen of Ministry.   
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/gloryisnoise/   

Our newest show, Death Punk Radio, is hosted by MD Roche and features classic death rock, gothic rock, and post-punk.  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/deathpunkradio/
  
Tom Schulte is our resident odd man out and the only non-COS member on our network. He's an excellent host who features non-mainstream, avante garde music on a weekly basis on Outsight Radio Hours.
  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/outsightradio/ 




 [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/) delivers a network of podcasts by Church of Satan members that cover a wide range of genres and topics.  

The Devil's Mischief is a comedy and novelty show hosted by the Reverend Bill M. Expect to hear the likes of George Carlin, Dennis Leary, Bill Cosby, Penn Jillette, Patton Oswalt, and more.
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/devilsmischief/  

Magister Matt Paradise hosts a classic horror movie commentary podcast called Terror Transmission which is part of our network.  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/terrortransmission/  

RFS has a number of Metal podcasts, such as Metal Breakfast Radio, hosted by Metal Blade artist Dave Ingram (ex. Bolt Thrower and now of Down Among the Dead Men)  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/metalbreakfast/  

Canadian Warlock Sonny Bellevance hosts a number of interviews with Metal bands on Metal Invaders. Guests include Oderus of GWAR, King Diamond, Jason Newsted, David Vincent of Morbid Angel, and members of Ozzy Osbourne and Alice Cooper. 
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/metalinvaders/  




 I've been posting a number of Satanic podcasts here recently, /u/bunbunofdoom pretty much covers it in general. Here are some details.   
  
http://9sensepodcast.com/  
9sense is news   commentary podcast from a Satanic perspective, hosted by the Reverend Adam Campbell of the Church of Satan. He also has guest hosts (also CoS members or affiliates) who run different segments on specific topics or interests.  
  
Down to the Crossroads is a post-war blues music segment, hosted by Erin.
http://9sensepodcast.com/down-to-the-crossroads.php

Agent Provocateur is a political segment, focusing on both domestic and international politics. Hosted by Darren Deicide.   
http://9sensepodcast.com/agent-provocateur.php
  
Aden Ardennes hosts a sex and gender 9sense segment called Militant Eroticism.   
http://9sensepodcast.com/militant-eroticism.php  
  
I Dream of Jessie is a commentary segment from a Satanic witch.  
http://9sensepodcast.com/i-dream-of-jessie.php   




 I was on board until the cheesy guitars kicked in. 




 Stephen O'Malley and Z'ev - Magistral is my favorite SUNN/SOMA related project   

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IR_Fb_83KGI 














 Exactly. 




 From "Mirror, Mirror"  
"Instead, in publicly funded forums we support secular mementoes of the legacy of those who struggled to build this nation, not a plethora of conflicting belief systems. Individual Satanists also support the worthy efforts of groups such as the ACLU to combat religious encroachment on public grounds. I suspect other secularists are doing the same."  

How about a monument to the secularism of the founding fathers, or a monument declaring the separation of Church and State? Whatever the case may be, it should not be played out to make Satanism (and Satanists) look like a joke.  



















 Favorite proper Sunn album would be  Void. But favorite SOMA related release would have to be the Stephen O'Malley   Z'EV - Magistral album. 



















 When LaVey used the term "Psychic Vampire" he was not talking about anyone with mystical or magic(k)al powers. He was referring to what /u/magicnerd212 is describing. Another way a Psychic Vampire gets their hooks in you is via gifting. They hand you an unwanted or unexpected gift and then in turn expect a life-time of loyalty and free entry into your life. Beware.   

There are other uses of the term "Psychic Vampire" by various occultists and mystics, these are not the same thing.  




 And they didn't actually "invoice" the government, Cevin Key was explaining the concept of the "Weapon" title and their plan to make the image of the invoice their cover art. That fell through and didn't happen.  
http://www.liisaladouceur.com/blog/ogre-of-skinny-puppy-on-guantanamo-torture-and-music-as-a-weapon/    
"The project was about going as far as we could, then to present to the US government, or whoever we could find that was responsible for torturing people with our music, an actual invoice for what they owe us for using our music.  We would make the cover art the invoice. The idea of a free society to me, is not one that tortures people. I cant live with that, and not call it out." 




 I was invited to attend but couldn't make it. I got the video from Richard Devine's Twitter Feed: https://twitter.com/RichardDevine  

Some more photos and video clips can be found here:  
https://twitter.com/makenoisemusic  
https://twitter.com/droidbehavior  
https://twitter.com/trashaudio 




 http://shop.underworldamusements.net/product/anathema-litanies-of-negation  

"But lacking humor and perspective, lacking the satanic instinct, you stick to your levels and straight lines, squat there in the morass of your beatified illusions; and it is well for you thus, you mud-moles - bait that you are on the hooks of my venomous pride!" 














 It's a podcast episode for the show Vox Satanae. If you scroll down you can play the episode in your browser or download the MP3.   
You can get more episodes or subscribe to the show on iTunes here:  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/blog/category/voxsatanae/   

"Vox Satanae (Voice of Satan) presents classical music with an emphasis on vocal music from its inception through the present in all of its forms. Each show contains a variety of music in the areas of chant, choral, opera, song, theater, film, and instrumental for your listening enjoyment." 



















 LaVey was optimistic about the general population embracing Satanism in the early years of the Church of Satan. He was right in that faith in Christianity was in decline, but instead of liberation, the masses sought another master, the television. You can see his growing disappointment and misanthropy through his later writings.   
Most humans will seek external validation, especially in the ethereal. Even some misguided would-be Satanists think LaVey should be a personality to worship. I believe in every society there will be rare individuals who have the Satanic element in their bones.  




 Good job giving her the attention she wanted. 














 I don't need a dog right now. I don't need a dog right now... Augh! So tempted to go out and get a frenchie! 









 Great collection! I like the big guy on the top left.  









 Dawn of War 2 at the peak of its popularity. Intense, micro heavy combat with replays that looked like cinematic battles. 









 "Because the groups vary widely in their understanding of Satanism, it is quite impossible to examine them all. My impression is that most may be sole practitioners or even small groups of less than ten, probably active solely on the Internet, while a small amount of other groups have begun to create firmer ideologies, assemble offline, construct hierarchies, and increase membership. Scholars have not extensively studied most of the above apart from Internet presence and textual analysis of available literature; hard statistical data about these groups as a lived religion is absent."  

See the paper for the numbers that back up the author's impressions. 




 What's a Satanist without a sense of humor? Glad to oblige. 




 This quote summarizes the points I'm making: "As apparent above, when Satanism moves beyond its initial time and place, it adjusts to new particulars. Diaspora Satanism now has multiple factions, a variety of selfunderstandings, and degrees of compatibility or hostility with the Church of Satan/LaVey. Schismatic groups are now reinterpreting Satanism to such an extent that scholars are forced to consider that Satanism is now an inappropriate term when discussing groups or ideologies that have moved beyond Satanism." 




 Who had a semantic/etymological argument? The only one I see is "When I speak of theistic satanism I speak directly of the people and religions who were branded as satanic since the early days of christianity." I responded with a very clear example of why that's faulty. 

Want a historgraphic study of Modern Satanism? Here you go. Sorry but a 121 Graduate Thesis is a little hard to summarize in a Reddit comment (121 pages is the summary of the research).

http://www.academia.edu/2540808/2012._Satanists_and_Scholars_A_Historiographic_Overview_and_Critique_of_Scholarship_on_Religious_Satanism_Masters_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University 




 Those were based on what I've encountered, so yeah I'd say it's pretty accurate. Does that extrapolate to the general population? Probably not, I think there are whole lot more who are mentally handicap. 









 "When I speak of theistic satanism I speak directly of the people and religions who were branded as satanic since the early days of christianity."  

That's ridiculous. Protestants and Zoroastrians were branded as satanic by the Catholic Church. By your logic Protestants would be the largest Satanic group in the world!  




 "The main issue I have is people blindly ignoring the very real existence of other subsets of believers who have been considering themselves Satanist long before CoS existed."  
  
The issue here is that, by and large, most historical "Satanists" were actually heretical Christians, or were labeled as "satanic" by various Christian/Jewish/Muslim groups as a way of ostracizing and condemning political/religion enemies (see The Knights Templar).  

Were there Satanists before the existence of the CoS? Most certainly! We would consider them "Defacto Satanists". Many would not have considered themselves Satanists because the idea of Satanism did not exist then. I'd use Benjamin De Casseres or H.L Mencken as examples. In our studies we've come across a small handful of Satanists who might be considered spiritual or theistic before LaVey (a few that LaVey knew personally), but they had little to no followings. LaVey looked around, had an extensive library and international contacts, he sought out "Satanists", and was very disappointed with what turned up. He documents this in writing and names individuals he came across.  

"Not sure why people seem to think those are the only sorts of people who fall into that theistic realm."  

Because that's what you see in the real world. I've been across the United States, Canada, and Europe and 95% of the time I've ran into "theists" or "spiritual" Satanists they're goth kids or metal heads who are trying way too hard to be evil and spooky. Then 4% are literally mentally handicap. The rest are heretical Christians or Muslims, and ex. Church of Satan people who started seeing "visions" when things didn't go their way. 




 You hit on various issues I have with what you consider "theistic satanism".  
  
1. "Being exposed to much of the Satanism communities myself over my lifetime". What does that mean? Online communities? Those are a dime a dozen, mostly filled with metal heads who think worshiping "Satan" is cool and makes them look evil. No theology involved, and if so, spotty at best.  
  
2. "Many of which stem from ancient forms of paganism that predate the existence of christianity or judaism." If this "theism" predates Judeo/Christianity, then it certainly predates the Abrahamic Satan, and therefore why in the world is it referred to as satanism?   
I'll cut people at the pass here who would then say "well, if you don't believe in Satan then why does the COS call themselves Satanists?" Anton LaVey's philosophy is pragmatic, rational, and not based on any theistic spiritualism, instead based on the *Hebrew term*, along with various psychological and sociological insight, and with an open mind to the unknown. Since we do not fool ourselves into believing in any conscious Gods that created man, we have the intellectual freedom to pick and choose the myths, symbols, and metaphors that best fit our needs.  
I'll give the Temple of Set credit, they least drop and refute the term Satanism. Because they believe in the actual God of Set they refer to themselves as Setians and practitioners of the Left Hand Path.   
  
I don't go out of my way to argue against theists here. Unless a question is asked or a false claim is made. But in the off chance that I happen to find myself in such a "debate", the only thing I ask for is consistency. If you claim spirituality, theology, belief in actual Gods and choose to worship them, you are buying into the whole lot. I'm often met with typical teenage aghast ("Don't tell me what to do! I'll do what I want!") All this signals to me is that you're not interested in theism, satanism, or anything of the sort, you're just a pretentious, angry kid (or adult child) trying to piss of your superiors (parent, community, parole officer).  
  
Anyone who studies history knows the importance of etymology. Terms and definitions are important. LaVey was not kidding when he said the first 99 years are always the toughest. He was not interested in a flash in the pan Pop Culture phase. He was deadly serious about making Satanism a recognized, organized, structured religion with its own meta-culture. So it is through the Church of Satan that his goals will be realized, in the real world accomplishments of our members and non-member affiliates, through academic and political work, and through surviving the current Invisible War. 




 Could be because there have already been 4 or 5 posts about this topic here. 




 Indeed it is... 




 *Into everyones life appear individuals who just dont seem to want to go away. They surface in many forms, but have certain common denominators. They are epitomized by the guy who is 86ed from the local bar for stirring up shit, falling through the plate glass door and suing, welching on bar tabs, and carelessly almost setting the place on fire. A week after he is told his business is no longer welcome, he pops in and tries to cadge a drink from his old buddy, the bartender. Just like nothing had happened.*    



















 Looking sharp! 














 I'm not crazy about the statement that Satanic "roots can be found in the Islam, Christianity and in Judaism". Maybe if you only focus on certain symbols and metaphors, but the religion as a whole has much deeper and substantial roots in that works of Milton, Wilde, Nietzsche, Mencken, Rand, and similar writers over Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. 




 The Temple of Set believes that LaVey and the Church of Satan received divine grace from an actual God in the form of Satan (which LaVey and the COS have denied). When Aquino was denied further control of the COS and was told to buzz off with "magickal initiations" he started to have visions of Set who gave him directions to start the Temple.  

So "Sethianism" had no role in the development of Satanism. Set can be used in certain Satanic rituals but that's a reference to Egyptian mythology, nothing "Sethian" about it. The basic texts of the TOS pretty clearly state that Satanism is an abomination and they claim no relationship with the religion other than it was the first phase that early TOS members went through.  




 In an upcoming book High Priest Gilmore will expand on the Satanic   Epicurean connection. 




 [Church of Satan: Theory   Practice](http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php) 









 LP has sold out! CD is still available http://southernlord.com/store/view/terrestrials-1 




 You yourself keep name dropping the Church of Satan! You keep mentioning us in interviews and marketing! Sure, you backtrack now on a Reddit thread, but when the spotlight is on it's you who goes scrambling for that identity! Are you kidding?

**Doug was not a member.** The Church of Satan is a professionally run organization with records on all communications, memberships, and affiliations. We searched the records and there is NO MENTION of a Doug Mesner anywhere! The only people who claim he was a member are you (who has a history of making shit up) and Doug, who you, yourself, are claiming is not reliable.

If I remember the communications from Ely, it was they who thought you were mentally retarded. But let's not digress. Don't talk about having balls... you were chased out of a small sweet town for being a jackass and then playing the poor victim card. Sorry, but we received reports back from Ely about how the town actually was being very generous with you, you were the one being either delusional or making mountains out of molehills for the express purpose of cashing in on it. Either way it failed.  

You have a long history of ignoring e-mails, letters, communications of various sorts, including those pertaining to copyrights. Did you forget that you sold the rights to the LaVey and Peter MIR pieces? Or how about when you sold RFS and were supposed to hand over merchandise that needed fulfilling? You were more than happy to take people's money and then *forget*.  




 You talk of a "cult of personality" but it's you who puts so much importance on your one meeting with LaVey and how LaVey was so much more this or that. Of course you'll backtrack on this thread, but it'll be a whole other story later.  




 As far as I know, no. 




 Shane, Doctor himself kicked out many people from the Church of Satan. People he met on more than just a single occasion, people he granted titles to. Meeting him once does not give you a free pass to shit on others without repercussions. You **do not** decide who remains in the Church of Satan or not,  High Priest Gilmore and High Priestess Nadramia make those calls.   

Again, let's make this clear. This is **not about disagreements**. This is about going in public, on a live stream, spewing repugnant rants against multiple people. Do you think everyone just forgot about that? Water under the bridge? If Doctor heard another COS member say anything about him close to what you said about the current High Priest he'd do far worse than kick them out. You seem to live in a world where you think there are no consequences to your actions.  




 **Let this be very clear.**

As of your public outburst mid-2007 (CORRECTED), you were no longer a member of the Church of Satan. If that wasn't clear to you then, make it clear now.  

The Church of Satan has reviewed all records and can find **no record** of Doug Mesner ever being a member of the Church of Satan. If he told you this he either applied under a different name which we cannot verify or he lied to you.  

Also, you do not have the rights to Might is Right. You sold it off, along with Radio Free Satan, in 2007. I am the current technical director of Radio Free Satan and a Reverend in the Church of Satan.  




 "Disagreements"? No one is expected to "worship" a hierarchy, we certainly have members who disagree with each other on various things, but we will not tolerate public preschool name calling. I listened to your public, live rant on Radio Free Satan, on which you said some incredibly rude things about a number of Church of Satan members, including High Priest Gilmore.  Do you seriously think **any** organization of any kind would keep you around after a public outburst like that? Think about *that* for a second.   
Like Doctor put it, you took a shit on the floor and kicked yourself out.   



















 From the source:  
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-lavey-and-family.php  

HOW DID ANTON LAVEY DIE?  

Having a long-standing valvular problem which is associated with rheumatic heart disease, Anton LaVey had a kind of massive cardiac arrhythmia after several events of internal bleeding had been treated in hospital during late summer of 1997. He died on October the 29th, in St. Marys Hospital, a Catholic hospital associated with the University of San Francisco. He was brought to St. Marys because it was the closest hospital to his residence; he had never been treated there before. Although there has been some confusion with his funeral records (some listed Halloween as his death date), rumors that his death had been caused deliberately by a Christian nurse are grossly false. He was given a Satanic funeral, attended only by his closest relatives and was cremated afterwards.  




 His last wife, Blanche Barton, who is still involved in LaVey's Church of Satan, just recently did a presentation in regards to Satanism and its overlap with Secular Humanism at meeting for the Humanist Association of San Diego.  




 Take your pick:

https://www.youtube.com/user/9sensepodcast
  
Here's one in which he addresses sexual assault in the US military:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJpCMFfnreo 




 VICE has an issue with anyone who doesn't let themselves be a tool. I know one ex-VICE writer who left due to such issues, and there appears to be only one or two writers left there that I have any respect for. Their work quickly gets buried underneath the dozen stories about being Gay or Trans in Russia (yes, it sucks, we get it) or hanging out with Snoop Dogg and Pitbull. 




 All of the above? It depends on the context in which it's presented, but all those suggestions sound valid. It's often used in communications as a farewell salute between respecting parties. Since Satan represents the Self, it would be akin to saluting the potential within each person. I would not use that greeting towards a person who did not acknowledge or accept the Satanic philosophy as the metaphor and appreciation would be completely lost. Have taste and class. 




 What in the world was that? No where in that interview did this Eric Freeman character say he was part of the ONA, just loosely referenced the Ceremony of Nine Angles, which is actually based on Lovecraft's mythos. Seems like the editors at Vice assumed this had to the with the ONA. Even the more rudimentary research into the ONA would show that they completely disavow any connection or history with the Church of Satan and the work of Anton LaVey. I believe they reference anything by LaVey as "watered down garbage".  Vice continues to live up to my summation of their "journalism": Fox News for hipsters. 




 As a student of Heidegger I've been recommended Sloterdijk's Sphere trilogy, just never got around to it. I can agree with his Satan-centric cosmology, and his view of technology as magic and metaphysics. Unfortunately there may be some important nuances lost in translation from the German, which causes much debate in Heidegger as well. Thanks for the link. 




 Here's an article by COS member Vexen Crabtree with details on the Four Crown Princes  
http://www.dpjs.co.uk/crownprinces.html 














 No hookers, but I know of a few financially successful Satanists who played professional poker and another who ran a well known adult film studio out of Vegas. 




 Oh, I forgot about that esoteric knowledge. Those deep Mysteries unknown to the sheep but revealed to the true kvlt after some fat lines of ketamine. 




 The names themselves and their various associations (cardinal points, elements, etc.) come from Judeo-Christian myths, LaVey elaborated on them with poetic fashion. 




 And this is exactly why [Peter Gilmore's article is titled the way it is](http://www.churchofsatan.com/lets-you-and-him-fight.php).

http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9d0bwjfH81ropthqo1_500.jpg 




 Do we want to go down this road again? Who is "they" who serve to keep a "religion" pure? What is the "religion"? Do you mean heretical Christians? And don't give me that "esoteric" nonsense, it's a lame cop-out for "I have no idea" or "stuff I read online".  














 Because Satanism is a celebration of life, being your own personal god, and epicurean living. *Most* traditional Black Metal is obsessed with death, joylessness, and devil worship. There are, of course, exceptions. And something doesn't always need to be Satanic for a Satanist to enjoy it for their own purposes. 




 First of all, the Sigil of Baphomet is the symbol Anton LaVey established for the organized philosophy and religion of Satanism and the Church of Satan. So if you're talking about the Sigil of Baphomet you're talk about Satanism as defined by LaVey, not any form of "theistic" devil worship. Here is an article detailing the history of the Sigil of Baphomet, how it became incorporated in Satanism, and why.  

http://churchofsatan.com/history-sigil-of-baphomet.php  

As for the Four Crown Princes, this is entirely symbolic and metaphoric. It would be up to you to decide how you choose to negotiate them with the idea of Baphomet. 

How a devil worshiper who actually believes in the existence of these "forces" handles them, I have no idea. Especially considering how these terms existed in different, anthropologically incompatible mythologies. But that's a whole other *thing*. 




 I figured. That said, I do have a considerably large BM record collection and enjoy the music under certain conditions (Emperor   Thorns being some of my favorite bands). 















































































 [The Spanish translation of Peter H. Gilmore's S. Scriptures is now available as a hardback and slipcase.](http://shop.underworldamusements.net/category/satan)  


I've made this a text post instead of a link post so that I can follow-up with some disclosure and starting points for rational discussion, as opposed to just spamming a new book.  


*Disclosure: I've been an active member of the Church of Satan for 7 years and currently hold the title of Warlock within the organization. All this means is that the administration has taken note of real world accomplishments and applications of the Satanic philosophy. For about 10 years I've worked with a number of Satanists, independents and within the Church of Satan, on various projects ranging from organizing concerts, web development, proof reading and editing, and as a technical consultant. I put this out there due to the fact that I've seen posts that use sources like "my sister's ex-boyfriend's cousin who was once a Satanist" or decades old ex-members with bitter axes to grind.*  


That said, I cannot speak **for** the COS and its members as an entirety. But I am authorized to speak **to** the organization's functions and fundamental philosophies.


I've been lurking on this subreddit for about year and noticed Satanism/LaVey brought up several times, as recently as a few weeks ago. While many do understand that Satanism (notice I'm not using any prefixed qualifications) is based on an atheist principle, there still seem be a number of people who do not (or cannot) grasp that idea.  


Here are some experts from Gilmore's essay, What, The Devil?, which is [available online](http://www.churchofsatan.com/Pages/WhatTheDevil.html).  


"From a 1986 interview with Walter Harrington of The Washington Post:  


Satan is a symbol, nothing more, LaVey says. Satan signifies our love of the worldly and our rejection of the pallid, ineffectual image of Christ on the cross.  


Accepting the axiomatic premise that no gods exist as independent supernatural entities means that Satanists are de facto atheists. We know that the objective universe is indifferent to us. Since our philosophy is self-centered, each Satanist sees himself as the most important person in his life. Each individual thus generates his own hierarchy of values and judges everything based on his own standards. Therefore, we Satanists appoint ourselves as the Gods in our subjective universes."  


Here is Peter Gilmore discussing the issue on Point of Inquiry  
http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/  


The other thing I see mentioned over and over is "it's just hedonism". No, Hedonism is ultimately compulsive. Peter Gilmore prefers to use the term Epicureanism.  


From the essay [Rebels Without Cause](http://www.churchofsatan.com/Pages/Rebels.html):  


"Satanists always remain in control of their exploration of pleasure. IndulgenceNOT compulsion is our founders dictum that moves us out of hedonism, which by definition is unbridled and thus compelled. Epicureanismthe balanced seeking of physical and mental self-satisfactionembraces a wider range of gratification. It is refined, selective, and embodies our concept of Indulgence. We are gourmets in the banquet of existence. Hedonism is limited to base carnal pursuits. Epicureans arent prudes, nor are we slaves to any of our desires; rather these are motivators toward seeking all manner of fulfilling experiences. The hedonist blindly sates his lusts for sex, sustenance, and somaconsequences be damned! That is a self-destructive course inappropriate for Satanists."  


While LaVey's work has been seminal to the Satanic philosophy, Peter Gilmore has been expounding on it for years, in terms and on topics that are applicable today. The Satanic Scriptures includes the essays linked above and others that have only been available those in the COS. Topics include same-sex marriage, the importance of a secular society, a clear explanation of Satanic magic, classical music, toy collections, politics, pragmatic eugenics, Godzilla, and more.  


If anyone has rational questions or needs clarifications please post them below. Do make an attempt to scroll through the comments and see if your question has been asked and answered.   









 http://shop.underworldamusements.net/product/las-escrituras-satanicas-slipcase

After a successful [Kickstarter campaign](http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinislaughter/las-escrituras-satanicas-the-satanic-scriptures-in) publisher Underworld Amusements is now shipping out backer reward copies and taking limited slipcase   hardback orders of the Spanish translation of Church of Satan High Priest Peter H. Gilmore's Satanic Scriptures.  
























 Your birthday! 




 I'm polite, and they usually are too. If they are rude I do not let them into my environment. 




 I know Satanist who work with animal rights groups, child protective services, and who do various fundraising events for their favorite causes. They can decide if being open as a Satanist would serve their goals and do the best for their selected cause. Here's one Satanic tattoo artist who holds regular fundraising events to fight animal cruelty. http://blog.artonyou.com/inkathon-2013-fundraiser-is-for-the-humane-society-of-utah-complete-details/ 




 Do fans of Darth Vader believe he existed in the real world? Can you be a fan of Star Wars and accept that it was a made up story? Man will always have religions, whether they are spiritual or material (most soccer fans I know are way more religious than Christians). We accept that religions are made-up, but they serve sociological, psychological and cultural roles. Satanism as an above ground, open religion is a relatively new phenomenon, and it won't be the last religion to disregard spirituality. 




 Since my religion  just mandates that I live my life naturally, I would say it has no "impact", it just is. In public I'm polite, in private I expect respect and will not tolerate rude behavior. The music and art I enjoy and collect tends to have a darker aspect to it, but also a sense of fun and adventure. Most misconceptions don't impact me in anyway because I do not openly declare myself as a Satanist. If I were to openly declare myself as a Satanist it may impact my career, so I choose not to do that. I want a comfortable, productive life, and I have a healthy enough ego to work around that. 




 I identified myself as a Satanist when I was about 15 years old. I was raised in a non-practicing Catholic family, but my father is an atheist. When the issue came up they were worried that I was getting involved in something dangerous, like any parents would. But I got good grades at school, graduated from college, moved out immediately, started a successful career, and take care of my own needs and help them in return. Nothing drove me to become a Satanist, I just accepted the identity naturally. I don't have any favorite leader, but I most closely align with the Libertarian Party.  




 Aleister Crowley has more to do with magical Christianity and Buddahism than Satanism, so I don't get that reference. If you don't like Satanism and don't want to be a Satanist and continue to believe in Christianity and salvation, that's fine by me! I'm not trying to trick you into believing anything. 




 No, see the work of Jung to see how you can have symbols without spirituality.  




 I don't carry it around, I had to dig it up for offering proof for this AMA. 




 Every Satanist I know carries on just fine among Christians. Otherwise you're just being an asshole. 




 There's a difference between yearning for acceptance and dispelling misconceptions.  




 There are no considerations to change the name or symbols used. This is who we are and what we represent. We do not expect our philosophy to be the majority. We respect other people's freedom to choose their religion, we only advocate keeping it out of the government. 




 We need some olfaction technology hooked up the the Occultus Rift and you're almost there! 




 I could use a good Hukilau party right now, actually! 




 In the late 90's I worked with a number of Black/Death metal bands in the NYC area, organizing and promoting shows, reviewing albums, etc. Satan and the Devil is low hanging fruit, easy material to piss people off and get attention. Which is fine, but they rarely go beyond that and actually accomplish anything with that. King Diamond actually does a great job of creating a whole performance and mythology out of his use of Satanism, as well as GHOST BC. I wish more bands would do the same.   

I would also check out the work of ULVER to see how a band can evolve and grow out. 




 Because we did the wedding on Walpurgis Night and there's a moment in Faust that describes overcoming your fears and superstitions. Have some imagination, come on! 




 I have an annual pass to Disneyland I go at least once a month! 




 I personally do not believe in magic beyond psychological mediation. 




 There are plenty of ways to destroy a person, especially their egos, that don't involve physical violence. Don't be a moron and do yourself more harm than it's worth. 




 Atheism means you don't believe in god. That's it. Can you have paranormal experiences without god? That's an important question and there are some Satanists who are interested in this. But this is not required. That IF is a big IF. There are plenty of Satanists who have no interest in magic. 




 That's absolutely correct, there's an overlap, but there are distinct differences. I agree with Ayn Rand's championing of the individual and with her bombastic spirit, but I disagree that all all humans are rational, or that there is no place for altruism. Here's an article that goes into this in much more detail http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php 




 Hierarchies are used for administrative and communicative purposes. If someone is a Warlock, Priest, or Magister, and Satanism is something you're interested in, then it communicates a level of understanding and application of the philosophy. Make sense? 




 I considered myself a Satanist since I was teenager, but I didn't join the COS until much later. I was organizing a concert that had many Satanists in attendance. I introduced myself to High Priest Gilmore who was at the bar and we had a talk about music, art, and comic books. This confirmed my belief that these are the kind of people I want to work with and I joined. Since then I've met a number of other Satanists, some of which I collaborated with, others I respect but don't have much in common with.  




 There certainly is a satirical nature to it, sure. I don't believe I'm better than everyone else, there are plenty of people I respect and go to for advice or assistance if needed. I strive to be the best ME I can be, and at times that means working with others who share my goals.  




 http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-statements.php  

In essence, life your life to the fullest, spend it with those who appreciate you and don't waste your limited time on others. Don't be an asshole in public, and don't invite people into your life who would harm you. Use symbols and mythologies to drive your creativity and imagination. Don't take your resources for granted, use the tools available to you to build a better environment for yourself and your loves ones.  




 Satanic Priests don't hold any actual functions, it's an honorary title that says you have the respect and authority from the Church of Satan to represent the religion in public *if you choose to do so*. It's more of an acknowledgement from people you agree with and respect. 




 Upvote and I'll get to them.  




 Thus is the nature of a democracy. 




 I've never had a home with a basement, and I just paid off her mortgage, so I think she's alright with whatever I do. I prefer pop surreal art and Polynesian decor. 




 A priest is an honorary title, it does not have any responsibilities associated with it. It just means I have been recognized and authorized by the Church of Satan to represent Satanism *if I choose to do so*. 




 I can't comment on the Temple of Set as I'm not familiar with their religion other than their history with the Church of Satan. Believe in the power of magic beyond psychology is up to each member to decide, the Church of Satan does not push this on the membership. I know many high ranking members of the Church of Satan who do not practice ritual magic at all. There's no secret, no grand reveal.  




 Big fan of Ghost and wish more metal bands had a sense of humor about Satan! 




 Lacking a limb could be a powerful aesthetic! Have you seen Captain Hook? It means using your appearance as means of influencing the world around you. Don't be a drab, boring person, unless being a drab boring person serves your needs in a given situation. 




 Symbolic, it drives the imagination. Why do sports teams have mascots and logos? 




 Here I am, did you have something? 




 There are no "churches", it's a symbolic term. Several Satanists have gatherings at their homes, but this looks like any regular party with close friends. There have not been any threats against me in real life. 




 I've met him on several occasions but we're not in touch. 




 I lack the full goatee, but maybe the devil has good taste? I don't always keep the mustache though. https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/t1/377055_328634853814752_98944796_n.jpg 




 It went well! How about you? 




 Glad to have amused you! 




 Who worships Satan? Not I. 




 I do not believe in a soul that exists outside the body, but I think much of what's call "a soul" can be the mind. 




 I have never owned a fedora! I prefer well trimmed hair or a cap if I'm in a rush! 




 Dirt Devil, of course! 




 I haven't. I'm not a fan of Maher, actually. I think he's incredibly obnoxious, but that's just me. 




 Life, ambition, fun. 




 Being a priest is just an honorary title, not a job. I'm a consultant in the wine and spirits industry and spend a lot of time sitting in an airplane, gate or traveling, so here I am. 




 You keep in touch with the Church of Satan and let them know what you've been up to in the real world. 




 Being myself always worked for me. 




 I have not, and I don't think it's important to have done so. I first contacted the COS when I was in college. I was organizing a concert who's headliner was a member of the Church of Satan and many other members were in attendance. That's when I first met High Priest Gilmore. From there we've become close friends. 




 Satanism was certain influenced by Ayn Rand, mostly for the championing of the individual and iconoclasm. Here's an article on how Satanism relates to and differs from Objectivism. http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php 




 The last "mass" that was done featured only ambient music, but I like some metal here and there! 




 Atheism as one of the core principles of Satanism. 




 Time will tell. Christianity as a religion may go away, but I'm sure other forms of herd mentality will continue in one form or another. 




 In that I believe that evil is anything I don't like, then yes.  




 They're probably more in line with their natural instincts than Christians but often find other ways to make themselves feel guilty. I have several friends who are involved in Asatru and I respect our differences.  




 They are despicable. 




 Do you believe him? Did he report this to the police? I doubt it. As for a Satanic Mass, see for yourself: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1zsIk6WcNM  




 Ulver   
http://ulver.bandcamp.com/album/messe-i-x-vi-x

I listen to mostly ambient and experimental music, much of which if featured on my Chaos Sedated podcast: http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/ 




 There's a lot one can learn from a MILF. 




 We had on a cliff overlooking the sunset on Walpurgisnacht. I modified the Satanic Wedding ritual that can be found in the Satanic Scriptures to make our families comfortable (no mentions of Satan, etc.), but the basic idea was there. We are two individuals joined by our love for each other, together we will accomplish our goals and share this wonderful existence. I included an excerpt from Goethe's Faust. 




 Working on it. 




 The only public rituals performed by the Church of Satan are for performance only, they are meant to stimulate the attendees. There's nothing creepy about it, at least not in my opinion. 




 After Columbine I was brought into the school office because there were rumors that I was a Satanists. They brought my parents in and threatened to suspend me. My parents gave them our lawyer's business card and said if they do anything of the sort they'd be hearing from them. They don't agree with me but they've always been proud of me. I'm lucky in that regard. 




 I agree, seems pretty lame to me. 




 I haven't seen it, but I hear it's a good time! 




 Priests don't have any actual responsibilities, I was just given that title because the Church of Satan has acknowledged my real world accomplishments and they know I have a complete understanding and representation of Satanism. Whatever I do with that title is my own decision, I'm never ordered to do anything. 




 I'm rarely bored. I'm surrounded by books, movies, music, and good friends. 




 We agree on certain principles but most of them can't seem to wrap their minds around the idea that one can accept symbolism in their life without spirituality. 




 I recently went camping with about a dozen Satanists, and go to multiple Tiki themed conventions around the year. 




 I'm a technology consultant in the wine and spirits industry. 




 I actually went to one of their brainwashing centers in Los Angeles (https://scontent-b-sjc.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1/190195_210792065599032_7590540_n.jpg). The thing I found most disturbing is the family with five kids purchasing a stack of dvd's and books on the way out, mother writing a check. 




 If the High Priest of the Church of Satan came out and said he supports child abuse I would drop Satanism in a quick second. There are many Satanists I don't agree with on various things, from politics to art.   

There's nothing about Satanism, to me, that's anymore difficult to apply than common decency. If I'm walking out of a bar and some random asshole cracks a joke at me, well it's "difficult" to not break his jaw. But what good would that do? I'm not interested in going to jail. There are other ways to handle it, just takes a bit of imagination or a healthy ego to walk away and know it's not worth it. 




 That we believe in the Devil.  




 Because being a priest sounds fun and it's archetype that won't go away any time soon. 




 The best parts of being in the Church of Satan are the close friends I've made. 




 Ass, for sure! Search for Old Nick Magazine for some Satanic T A. 




 There is no "satanic community", Satanists have such a wide range of interests and personalities that I've often found that they do not agree on many things beyond the basic principles of the philosophy. That doesn't mean that there aren't close friendships and bonds made with small groups of people, it's just that there's no one unified "community". 




 I don't really pay attention to the religion of other people, as long as they don't try to push it on me. Most people have no idea that I'm Satanist so it doesn't come up, but if they do that means they know me well enough to see that I'm not an "evil" person. 




 The Church of Satan is not an initiatory organization, there's no ritual or anything you can do to "move up", and it's not required. If you're doing something you're proud of, you let people in the organization know, they'll promote it, give you advice and assistance if asked, and eventually people will take notice. The administration at the Church of Satan gives titles to those members they feel are successfully applying the Satanic philosophy to the real world. 




 I do not worship anything. I use my best judgement to guide my various business decisions, most of which apply the idea that I should not waste my time and energy on people and things which would harm me and my interests. 




 I have an excellent relationship with my family, friends, and professional associates. Some know my beliefs, others don't, by name at least.  




 The last "satanic ritual" I was involved in involved hula dancers, tropical drinks, and a Dean Martin cover band. 




 Sure thing! 




 Most 5 year olds are natural Satanists, they are in-line with their natural instincts, so there's not much to explain. If pressed I would say it means that life is to be cherished, find the things that interest you and make you happy and enjoy them without guilt. But be respectful of your neighbors and don't push your ideas on to others. Let them decide for themselves. 




 Certain groups claim to be a variation of Satanism but they often just copy the doctrines of the Church of Satan and add "but we believe in the Devil!" To my knowledge there is no other competing school of Satanism. I am not including groups who actually worship the devil, as that's an entirely different thing and would akin to calling Jewish groups a variation of Christianity. 




 Maintaining the philosophy created by Anton LaVey, which accepts the importance of religion and symbols but does away with spirituality. Satan is symbol of the natural instincts of man and enjoying life. 




 It's recommended to wait a while before responding to questions to let the voting system work out. I think 45 minutes is fair. 




 False. http://churchofsatan.com/faq-lavey-and-family.php 




 Right now it's Pacific Rim. Just good old fashioned fun with modern special effects. As I kid I watched King Kong vs. Godzilla so much that it ruined the VHS tape! Really looking forward to the new Godzilla film. 




 I've spent time with a number of Black/Death Metal bands in the late 90's and for the most part they're angry kids looking to piss off their parents and look cool to their friends. Unfortunately a handful of them are deranged and violent and the "evil" stuff that's feed to them by mainstream culture serves as easy justification for their actions. 




 They claim to be Satanists but they are not related to the Church of Satan. I do not agree with their approach, as I don't think ANY religion should have monuments on government grounds. 




 The The Lindbergh Baby is a folk band with Satanic themes from Vermont, recently played to a packed audience in NYC. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxDw6k0OllI

Here's a Satanic electronic musician, The BU:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhCMAqQSf44

Maybe! 




 "What fucking the". Nice. 




 I don't really like satin actually, makes me itchy. 




 Because Satanism is about life, experiences, and having fun.  




 I'm sure someone has a copy of Twilight, which is pretty damn evil to me! 




 http://churchofsatan.com/ seems to come up for me. 




 I'm assuming you mean Greater Magic. That's left up to the individual to decide. Some only see it as psychological drama, others feel they've experienced something more than that. But this is not supernatural, it would be called supernormal. Those Satanists that believe there something more to magic would believe it to be part of our natural world that we do not yet understand. Nothing divine or spiritual. It is not mandatory to believe this to be a Satanist. 




 We do not believe in a being called Satan. It's a symbol, an abstract representation of a carnal, materialistic philosophy. 




 Atheism means you do not believe in the existence of god. But we don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Religion serves various social and psychological purposes, and we acknowledge this. But that doesn't mean you need any spiritual or divine aspect to it, just enough imagination to recognize the power of symbols and abstractions. 




 The most angsty thing in my life right now is this latest episode of WTFPod. Life is pretty mellow right now. 




 No. 




 There is no spirituality involved. Many Satanists do not open call themselves out as Satanists but apply the philosophy to their careers, interests, and art. We do not advocate martyrdom of any kind. 




 I don't agree that morals should be tied to religion. See the Eleven Satanic Rules of the Earth for the closet thing to Satanic morals.   
http://churchofsatan.com/eleven-rules-of-earth.php   

In the Church of Satan I've met artists, photographers, computer technicians, stand-up comedians, graphic designers, corporate executives, doctors, law students, hackers... and on and on. Depends on your definition of "normal". They are well adjusted members of society, yes. But I wouldn't say they're "normal", there is always something exceptional about them, in one way or another. 




 We don't believe in Hell, so the upside is we enjoy this one and only life we have with those we care for. 




 I answered this in the OP. All religions are man-made, all symbols and stories used to explain our existence and the unknown. Religion and abstractions are important to the human mind and we choose Satan as the symbol that most accurately represents our values and worldview. 




 That would imply that Jesus of Nazareth was real in first place, which is questionable. But a crossbow seems to work well for Daryl Dixon, so I'll go with that. 




 No, otherwise I wouldn't identify myself as a Satanist. And that's OK. Life is too short to try to be something you're not. 




 Over the past several weeks Satanism, directly and indirectly, has caught the attention of the media. Lunatics are blaming the Devil for their deranged acts of violence, rumors of "Satanic" cults are spreading among the tabloids and fans of True Detective are searching for the Yellow Sign in satanic rituals. Peter H. Gilmore, the current High Priest of the Church of Satan, has been [a guest on CNN](http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2014/02/17/satanist-church-accused-craigslist-killer-not-one-of-us/), [interviewed by the CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/day6/popupaudio.html?clipIds=2438899671) and numerous other outlets (published and unpublished) in an effort to defuse a revival of the Satanic Panic from 80's and 90's. It's a shame that for many people the only exposure to Satanism is in reaction to such grim, pointless insanity; when by and large the Satanists I know are some the most life-loving individuals I've ever encountered. 

Due to the recent media exposure I'm not surprised to see several threads hitting the front page of Reddit mentioning Satanism, attempted AMA's from questionable sources, and a genuine interest in what Satanism and the Church of Satan is actually about. Obviously one can go to the Church of Satan's website and [check out the basic texts](http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php) and [FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php), but we recognize that humans are social creatures and a certain level of interaction can help drive points home.  

That said, my name is Raul A. and I'm an officially ordained Priest in the Church of Satan, and have been an active Satanist for over 10 years. In my time with the Church of Satan, and well before that, I've interacted with Satanists with a wide range of interests, personalities, and backgrounds. I've organized concerts with Satanic folk bands to experimental electronic musicians. I am the technical director of [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/). My wedding was officiated by a Satanic Priest, I enjoyed Tiki drinks and 50's music with High Priestess Peggy Nadramia, and watched Kaiju films and talked Pacific Rim with High Priest Gilmore. I've also known many nonpublic Satanists who, for various reasons, cannot openly proclaim their worldviews.   

Why am I doing this AMA? For one, I think the Reddit community is interested in the topic and has been mostly given a poor representation of what Satanism is about, in theory and practice. I've seen some fairly interesting questions go without responses, and mostly a lot of talk from people who "read Crowley in high school" (FYI, Crowley never identified himself as a Satanist, and has very little to with Satanism) or "knew a guy once". Responses are often such a bore and miss the point entirely.  

So here's your chance, ask me anything! And, like any decent Satanist, let's make this fun! Let's try things other than the usual "Why call it Satanism if you don't believe in Satan" (*), let's talk about life, experiences, and the pleasures of the material world! Let the games begin!  

Proof: http://imgur.com/a/wAPvz?gallery

* The "Satan" in "Satanism" refers to the Hebrew word for "the adversary", and that is the context in which we use it. We understand that the human animal has an innate need for religion, symbolism, and dogma so we Satanists willfully choose the one we most identify with.

Edit: I have a business call to attend to for an hour or so, I'll be back shortly!

Edit: Seems that many of my responses have been downvoted to Hell (ba dum). Here's a handy Q A table http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

Edit: Time to roll up the tent. Overall I had a fairly good time, answered a few good questions, made some new friends, and ran into some old ones. If you haven't seen my responses, especially in the first few hours of this AMA, it's because my comments were immediately being downvoted and hidden from the default views([I didn't realize Reddit were such big fans of the Westboro Baptist Church](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/cfte5pu)). See the table above or my comment history to see my responses, [which apparently is more than most celebrity AMA's combined](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/?sort=confidence#cftg9u9). Special thanks to the moderators who've attempted to inject some rationality and to /u/Milagre for the help with the Q A Table. 




 Many great points have been made. High Priest Gilmore's interview response answers the death penalty question clearly. As for stratification, there are Church of Satan members actively advocating for political and economic reforms that would reduce government interference. See this piece from Blanche Barton:   

"Number one is stratification and is emphasized by our founding High Priest as, the point on which the other four goals ultimately rest. It advocates allowing people to sink or swim according to their own talents and abilities, instead of being protected from the consequences of their own incompetence. If a person is ethical, productive, sensitive and knows how to conduct himself among human beings, fine; if hes a destructive, amoral parasite, he should be dealt with quickly and cruelly. We havent achieved this yet. Because of the continuing cult of victimization, many incompetent, malefic beings are contentedly sucking enormous resources from our munificent government, sending us all into obscene debt, threatening the financial and social stability of our nation. As we keep working to enlighten, the compulsion to care for the PC appointed undeserving victims will dissipate like a cloud of unreason, leeches will be recognized for what they are and eradicated."   
http://churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php.  

 




 Thank you for pointing that out. It's been fixed. 




 Going deep into Satanic epistemology and metaphysics is something I'm personally interested in but would be out of the scope of this thread. 




 Belief in Greater Magic beyond self-medication and psychodrama is up to each individual. Some members of the Church of Satan, including Magister Nemo, are interested in the research done to explain their own experiences. There are also many other members, including Magisters, who have little to no interest in rituals beyond emotional release. The Church of Satan does not have a hardline stance on the matter, because like most researchers and scientists, we accept "we don't know" as an answer. Did LaVey express great interest and belief in the power of magic? Yes, but he did not impose this belief on others. *If* one was interested in magic, he laid down the groundwork and system for practical use.      

"We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness." 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_crime 




 A healthy ego can easily respect, acknowledge, and learn from others. Otherwise you're an uneducated, pretentious asshole. 




 The Enochian Keys were included because they were *forbidden* in the occult community and this amused LaVey. He makes it very clear that Enochian is included for emotional stimulation. That's it. No occult or supernatural reason for it. He even recommends skipping Enochian if it doesn't work for you and instead reciting your favorite poetry. We call upon the demonic archetypes for emotional and aesthetic stimulation, and at the highest levels the projection of our own egos.  




 How were you drawn to Satanism if you haven't even read the most basic, simple texts? You can read through the Satanic Bible in about 2 hours, and if you're really that short in time you can go to the Church of Satan website and read the summarized texts there.   

http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php


1. Individualism does not equal being in complete isolation. Individualism emphasizes (keyword here) the individual over the group, thus putting ones own self-interests first. This does **not** mean you completely disregard society or the interests of other people.   

If being in a group increases your stimulation and thus increases the chances of your magical working succeeding, then it is in your individual interest to work with other like minded individuals. The other people involved in your ritual should share your goals, and if they are people who care about you then it is in their interest to help you succeed and be happy, giving them happiness and satisfaction in return. If you read the Satanic Bible you'll see that private rituals are the preferable method of ritualizing. Group rituals should *only* be done with close, trusted associates, not random people who just want to hang out and play along.   
  
2. First of all, in Satanism all magic is black magic. The distinction between black and white magic comes from guilt-ridden occultists who think any magic which benefits you is black magic. Since we believe that all magic benefits you in some way, directly or indirectly, the distinction is merely pretentious. Second of all, practicing greater magic does not mean you believe in external deities, demons, angels, etc. See this entry in the FAQ:   
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php   
"However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working."   

We *never* worship or acknowledge higher powers.  




 I was of the idea that if I wanted metal I would listen to actual extreme metal, not an Electronic Rock band. I don't necessarily agree with that nowadays, but I still don't really care for Ministry for various reasons. 




 All the references to Cold Meat Industry in the various interviews in [DESCENT magazine](http://www.ideologic.org/news/view/3241). I was into Black/Death Metal and got interested in what other forms of extreme music was out there. I started picking up releases from Deutsch Nepal, In Slaughter Natives, and Brighter Death Now. When I would tell metalheads that I was getting into Industrial they would refer me to Ministry or Skinny Puppy, so I looked in them as well. I was incredibly disappointed. I would later grow to appreciate SP but never got into the former.  









 Peter Gilmore responds to CNN: http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2014/02/17/satanist-church-accused-craigslist-killer-not-one-of-us/ 




 You should listen to some of our shows on Radio Free Satan:

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/metalbreakfast/  
Latest episode: Featuring: CORPSESSED, LIE IN RUINS, THE INTERBEING, METALSTEEL, VORUM, OCKSEN, GUTALAX, NOTRE DAME, DOWN AMONG THE DEAD MEN, DISCHARGE, FACEBREAKER, CONE OF SILENCE, G.B.H., MISERATION, BROKEN BONES, HACKNEYED, WARBRINGER and more DOWN AMONG THE DEAD MEN.

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/metalgrotto/  
Latest episode: This month on The Metal Grotto, Citizen JNothing brings you the sounds of 3 Quarters Dead, Scatterbrain, The 69 Eyes, Heaven   Hell, King Diamond, The Dave Brockie Experience, Red Dragon Cartel, Accept, Def Leppard, Vader, Zerotheist, Cannibal Corpse, and finishes up with Testament.   

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/deathpunkradio/   
On this episode (in order): The Damned, Screams For Tina, The Horatii, The Sisters Of Mercy, Rosetta Stone, 1919, Mephisto Walz, Sex Gang Children, New Model Army, UK Decay, Specimen, Big Electric Cat, and London After Midnight.   

Explore the website and check out the rest.

 




 It was part of the Humanist Association of San Diego.   
http://www.meetup.com/humanistassociation/messages/64040772/ 




 People have short memories...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelle_Remembers   

"Despite the lack of evidence and inconsistencies surrounding the allegations made in Michelle Remembers, there are still people who believe that Smiths claims of abuse are the literal truth and that there is a vast, yet secretive worldwide conspiracy of inter-generational satanic worshipers abusing and murdering children and adults.[6]
The book's contents have been unsubstantiated by any evidence beyond Smith's testimony. Despite this, the book inspired copy-cat accusations throughout the world,[6][20][21] against in many cases members of the Church of Satan, non-satanic occultists, and others with no connection to the occult." 




 Here are some links to get you started on what's been going on lately with a few prominent COS members...  

King in Yellow reprinted by Rev. Kevin Slaughter, brought on by sudden interest due to its mention on True Detective   
http://www.underworldamusements.net/blog/2014/the-one-literary-reference-you-must-know-to-appreciate-true-detective/

Making the world safe from radiation 
http://blog.safecast.org/

Might run into a Satanist or two at this event, also working with Wikileaks   
https://blog.torproject.org/events/tors-winter-2014-developers-meeting-reykjavik-iceland   

Weekly new podcasts at Radio Free Satan   
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/  

Interviews and commentary on 9sense  
http://9sensepodcast.com/   

Cars, girls, and Satan. The Art and Photography of COOP
http://www.flickr.com/photos/coop666/  
  
Or watch him discuss copyright issues on Reason TV  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy1aC_ltJBs 
























 In my line of work? I work as a technology consultant in the wine and spirits industry, often with executives and business managers. Unfortunately no wild stories there. 

If you're talking about me being a Priest, I don't openly declare this so no I don't get that there either. 




 I can only speak for myself, but I paid the $200 because I spent time with a number of Church of Satan members and agreed with what they were doing in the real world and would like to see this kind of work supported on a broader scale.  For the same reason I donate to NPR, I enjoy their work and would like to see it continue. If $200 is an issue or you don't care about what the Church of Satan does (promotes the work of Satanists and upholds the philosophy of LaVey) then don't join. Joining the Church of Satan doesn't make you more of a Satanist.  




 "Responsibility to the responsible." 




 http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-statements.php 




 Everyone who knows I'm a Satanist has known me well enough to respect me regardless. Never had an issue. 




 Much of this has been answered here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/comments/ 




 Much of this has been answered here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/comments/ 




 Not me personally but I know the Church of Satan can occasionally get letters from deranged people. They have contacts with the FBI and local police agencies and will report any signs of possible violence. See this instance   
http://www.foxnews.com/story/2007/12/15/teen-held-after-e-mailing-satanic-group-threat-to-kill-grandparents/  

Any Satanists that does illegal drugs does so at their own risk and it is *not* something that can be justified by the Satanic philosophy. 

http://churchofsatan.com/faq-drug-abuse.php   

http://churchofsatan.com/policy-on-drug-abuse.php

This should be clear: "This is all quite simple. The Church of Satan does not condone illegal activities. If the use of certain drugs is illegal in your country of residence, they are just that: illegal." 




 Hope you find something interesting here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/comments/ 




 None at all. http://churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php 




 Listening to records, catching up with my watch list on Netflix, enjoying some scotch. 




 No, we pay all taxes and believe all religious organizations should do the same. 




 Green. 




 The only member of the Temple of Set I know left the organization after a short period of time. We would probably not get along as they seem seriously devoted to "the occult" and I have no interest in that. 




 We are own Gods in our own subjective lives. 




 Long lasting memories with great friends. 




 I agreed with much of what he talked about in the 90's and he was an influence on me in my younger years. I've hung out with him a few times and realized that we no longer have much in common. He's no longer interested in Satanism at all and describes himself as a mystical Christian.  




 In literature I personally enjoy Milton's Satan. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradise_Lost#Satan  

Also see the Lucifer DC comic  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucifer_(DC_Comics)

I personally recently enjoyed Laird Cregar's portrayal of His Excellency in Heaven Can Wait.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1HRd8pQn7c  

Here's a list of films with various Satanic themes:  http://churchofsatan.com/sources-film-list.php 




 Satanism is a religion. 




 Godzilla is an excellent symbol for nature exacting revenge upon the humans who took our world for granted and destroy it through pollution, nuclear waste, etc. Satan represents being in balance with nature. Get the connection? 




 1. One can have a religion without believe in supernatural beings. Satanists are not the first do this. See Jainism. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nontheistic_religions#Jainism  

2. We apply the role of the adversary to real world issues and topics. 




 Hope you can find something interesting here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/   

  http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/comments/ 




 LaVey wrote a whole book about this in The Satanic Witch. The biggest thing to take away from it is that there are certain archetypes that generally go well together and this described as the Synthesizer Clock.  
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Satanic_Witch  

One of the most important concepts LaVey introduced in The Satanic Witch was the LaVey Synthesizer Clock, an improved form of somatotyping incorporating a fourth basic type to the three already in common use (by addition of the "pure feminine" type, opposite to the "pure masculine" or mesomorphic type). The LaVey Synthesizer Clock postulates that all persons occupy a set body and personality type, placed along varying degrees of the four types proposed ("clock position"), and that ideal friends and lovers will represent the opposite personality/body type by position on the LaVey Synthesizer Clock. 




 http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php   


"We do not hold, as do the Objectivists that the universe is benevolent. Satanists view the world as neutral, beyond the concepts of benevolent or treacherous, good or evil. Satanism enables the Satanist to codify his life beyond the ethical and metaphysical straightjacket which Objectivism unfortunately offers." 




 We don't get paid, as there is no job for us to do. Whatever we do in public is our own choice. The CoS is not a charity, but I do not know about their financials other than they pay taxes. What this implies I can't say because I don't know, nor do I care. I think they deserve profit for the time and efforts spent. 




 Thanks! 




 Already answered, see here   

http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php 




 Not impressed or interested. They have a stronger political/social agenda that I don't agree with. 




 Answered already, see here   
http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/ 




 It seems pretty clear to me that it isn't mandatory."If you have employed it..." is a pretty big *if*.  




 Don't put up with assholes in your home. Demand that they leave and if they refuse to leave, make them want to.  There are ways of "destroying" a person that doesn't resort to violence. A destroyed ego can last longer than a bruise. 




 I have read it and agree with much of it, though not all of it. LaVey actually passed copies of Might is Right to early Church of Satan members and only acknowledged that he was influenced by it and used it as source of his texts. I have the copy of it that he wrote the foreword to. 




 Jesu, ISIS, Sunn O))), Boris, Altar of Plagues. 




 The same way humans exist without God. 




 You seem to imply that in order to be a Satanist you have to openly flaunt it, and cause that strife. That's not the case. 




   "do what that thou wilt"
 I have never used that term to represent my ideas. I think you mistake Satanism for Crowley's Thelema. 
 




 1. My Satan is the sovereign individual, the Anarch (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarch_(sovereign_individual)). I've used this archetype in my music and writing. See Milton's Satan http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradise_Lost#Satan 




 I don't reveal my worldview to uninformed christians, so usually nothing. See this thread otherwise. 




 Look through here. My responses are getting buried.  

http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/   

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/ 




 What's driving you to change that part of your personality? Think about it. 




 I just had a hamburger on french bread for dinner, so both? 




 The 8th grade was a great time! Easy homework, hanging out with my friends all day, chasing girls around, and collecting comic books. Hope you had as much fun as I did! 




 Satan always have the best record collection. 




 Because we recognize that at times you can accomplish more with a group of like-minded individuals than by yourself. Being individualistic does not mean you're a loner. Not that there's anything wrong with being a loner if that's what you think works best for you. One can be a Satanist without being a member of the Church of Satan. 




 I've never met a Satanic Priest/Reverend who bought their priesthood and never paid for mine. I've donated more to various podcasts than I have paid for my membership to the Church of Satan. 




 I have never heard of Mike Warnke until today. I don't think he's had any effect at all. 




 I've never encountered any organized philosophy called Luciferianism. 




 I've actually had a more combative experience on /r/atheism than here. 




 I can't speak for her, but I've spent time in their home and I can see that she takes a great deal of pride in promoting and working with other productive members. I'm sure there's a level of frustration having to deal with idiots who miss the point. 




 Delayed gratification is an investment. The very act of going through the effort brings pleasure and satisfaction. 




 A devil worshiper, and at our events they are called unwelcomed. 




 Not exactly, but we have a number of members in a wide range of bands.
  
Metal  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXuaB_SWe-o  
  
Folk/Americana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxDw6k0OllI   

Blues   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvMLoQY1EQE   

Glam rock   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKXbr2C_Yx8

Classical   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu5rhOzDCKo list=PLA18A06B4C6E3BFEB
 




 http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/  
http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/   

And the reason why   
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/cftgv9c 




 If by successfully you mean it alleviated a problem I was facing in my life, then yes. Was it purely psychological? I believe so, but I believe that doing the ritual helped overcome the issue to the point that I give it credit. 




 30.  




 I don't, but I'm open to the experience. I spent some time in Gettysburg and there was certainly a chilling element to the atmosphere there, but that could have been just the excitement of being in such an important historical town. 




 I doubt it, but here's one recent Satanic service https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDVyCY6KFqA 




 Not specifically. Because Satanism is individualistic we have a wide range of political applications of the Satanic philosophy. I'm more of a Libertarian, borderline Anarcho-Capitalist, but one of my Satanist associates is a borderline socialist, he was one of the people that introduced me to Peter Gilmore!  

But broadly the Church of Satan does have a couple of political aims which include a secular government and taxation of churches:  http://churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php   




 I'm doing pretty well, thanks! 




 The "taboo" organization has never hindered me in any way and helped me connect with productive people who've improved my live professionally, and personally.  




 I have never "served" the organization. The Church of Satan has promoted my own events, my own art and writing, and in the process I've made some trustworthy friends. When I mentioned doing this AMA, the High Priestess actually said only to do it if I want to and reminded me that I have no obligation, it was never brought up by them. 




 It would be a celebration of carnal love, our shared individual goals, and a more fulfilling life.  




 I prefer Epicureanism over Hedonism. Hedonism is compulsive, we prefer *rational* self-interest.  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epicureanism  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hedonism 




 Devil worshippers are usually just deranged Christians, so I just call them Christians. 




 A Satanist can easily see the benefits of workings towards a better society and thus improving their own lives or the lives of their family. 




 There's such a thing as counter productive pride. 




 Being with my wife makes me happy, we have shared goals and interests and motivate each other. She's a fun, positive person who I look forward to spending time with everyday.  




 1. I don't, but I understand some Satanists do. There used to be a store in NYC called the Magickal Childe where Satanists and other pagans exchanged ideas and debated topics.   
2. I can only speak for myself but I'd say 9/10 of the Satanists I've met are purely psychological.  
3. I think it's a waste of time and does not represent me and my philosophy. We don't want any religious monuments on government grounds. See Peter Gilmore on the topic here http://churchofsatan.com/lets-you-and-him-fight.php 




 I already answered it here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/   




 Damn it! I knew I should have quit! 




 I agree, sounds like your friend is a douche. 




 I'm apparently answering more questions than most celebrities! Thank Satan for hotel internet! http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/  http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/cftgv9c 




 I prefer the cold, easier to warm up than to cool down! 




 Here's Peter Gilmore on Point of Inquiry talking about the subject. DJ Grothe has a bit of the diabolical in him.  

http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/ 




 Seems to be working out for them! 




 Answered, see http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/ 




 That sounds about right. 




 Satanism is atheism with a set of symbols and worldviews that go beyond just not believing in God.  




  Oculus Whoops! Yes yes, Oculus Rift is what I meant ;)
 




 I record music and do some writing based on the idea of the adversary, the accuser, the sovereign Anarch http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarch_(sovereign_individual)  https://soundcloud.com/anarchaudio 




 Well that wasn't part of our ceremony, but I get it. Would they approve of me if they knew I'm a Satanist? Maybe not. But since then I know a few of her family members got wind of what I'm into and they're still very happy with our relationship, even come to me for help and advice. 




 I actually got a bunch of fun questions over PM and even ran into an old friend. 




 Bride! My fault for answering questions while getting a coffee! 




 I know a couple of Satanist in Europe who met at an orgy in Italy! Not an official Church of Satan event though! 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/cftgv9c 




 We don't. 




 Just about everyone on the bride side of the family. Edit: Marital dyslexia!    




 Correct. 




 I've yet to be put in that situation, but I know others who used the legal system to destroy the lives of people who did them harm. 




 1. I would think of it as more of a talent. Much like an athletic ability. We do not know how this is harnessed, if at all. Nothing supernatural, nothing spiritual.  
2. Because there's emotional charge in these symbols. I know some Satanists who never use the symbols of Judeo-Christiianity, instead they use norse gods. That drives them, inspires them. 




 It means having a look! Good, bad, attractive, unattractive, whatever serves the purpose. Some people prefer dark and sinister, others personal cleanshaven and professional. If you're an elderly person, maybe take up the look of the wise sage.  




 Since I don't have any faith in external supernatural forces I haven't had such an experience.  




 My mating signal is sitting next to a cute girl and buying her a drink. If she cracks a smile, then I'll go from there. If she turns away, I move on. Some like hard to get, others don't.  




 I don't respond to crazy people. 




 This reddit thread? Hah. Otherwise, I haven't personally experienced that, no. Everyone I've ever told my beliefs to got to know me as a person first and I never had an issue. 




 Never watched it, but the X-Men Animated Series holds a special place in my heart. 




 If it seems pointless to you, then that's fine. I would compare it to secular Judaism. There's are important roles that religion fills in a culture and in your psychology. For other people it's sports, movies, comics, video games, that is their religion. They setup rituals (annual Comic-Con trips), symbols (t-shirts, hats, toys), and it inspires them to accomplish other things in their lives. 




 http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-sins.php  
Stupidity  
Pretentiousness  
Solipsism  
Self-deceit  
Herd Conformity  
Lack of Perspective  
Forgetfulness of Past Orthodoxies  
Counterproductive Pride  
Lack of Aesthetics   




 Sounds like a good idea, maybe someone will do that! 




 The symbol of Satan serves various creative purposes, and stimulates me. Most religious folk get along just fine with me, and vice versa.  




 As you grow up you learn that there are better ways of getting what you need than by crying out loud and shitting your pants. If you have no empathy for others you're likely to lead a lonely, miserable life. I love my family and my friends, and a quick phone call away from them if they need help, because I know I could do the same. Is that shitty? Seems to work for me, with Satanists and non-Satanists.  




 They technically have the right to exist, but they cross the line when they make attempts to interrupt the private lives of others. My wish would be for the government to tax them out of existence.  




 1. I have not, I've heard some that went to anti-WBC protests.  
2. Already answered. No higher powers. See this http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-statements.php   
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php  
3. Woolite Black! 




 One a personal level my goal is to have a happy and productive live. As an organization, these are the goals of the Church of Satan:
http://churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php   

1. Stratification  
2. Strict taxation of all churches  
3. No tolerance for religious beliefs secularized and incorporated into law and order issues  
4. Development and production of artificial human companions  
5. The opportunity for anyone to live within a total environment of his or her choice   
 




 A wedding is an important milestone in one's life and we wanted to incorporate our aesthetics and philosophy with it. We modified it because we have good relationships with our families and those of our friends who were attending who know about Satanism got the idea without it being so overt. 




 I have no idea, but you're a fan of blues I recommend checking out Down to the Crossroads! http://9sensepodcast.com/down-to-the-crossroads.php 




 "The name and idea of Jesus/Mohammad has been synonymous with destruction, death, torture, and total depravity for the past 2000 years." 




 That would pretty sweet, actually. 




 I'm a big fan of Wolves in the Throne Room, saw them live with Chelsea Wolfe a few months ago and I own all their records! Just because something is not directly "Satanic" doesn't mean I can't enjoy it for my own reasons. 




 http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/good-guy-lucifer 




 That's a close approximation, sure.  




 People tell me I'm the nicest person they've ever met. That's probably because if they're assholes to me I'd cut them out of my life. 




 It comes from the organization, the Church of Satan. It's a fully functioning, internationally recognized, registered organization. The High Priest and High Priestess review applications for membership, communicate with active members, and decide who best represents the religion in the real world, outside of the organization. What you decide to do with that recognition is up to you. 




 That's it. 




 Pretty much. 




 Let's try this again, at the top. My comments below are getting buried. The whole thing about destroying your enemy if they bother you in public, that's probably challenging, but not because I disagree with it. I have to weight my response with the possible outcomes of my response, and at times this means walking away to resolve in a different way.  




 Well, that doesn't mean you've changed who you are at the core. If your experiences prove you wrong and you need to adjust your outlook, then that's a good thing. That hasn't happened to me, in fact much of my experiences confirm who I am and how I live my life. 




 I believe in the power of symbols and archetypes. I believe in living your life without guilt but also acknowledging my own limitations and flaws. I believe that man's most natural, instinctual state is best represented in the symbol of Satan. I believe there is no afterlife, there is no heaven or hell, and that this is the only life we have. This is the opposite of spiritual religions, who believe this life is in preparation for an afterlife, and thus take the name of the accuser, the opposer. 
 




 I was actually looking forward to this question. I do not have a cable TV subscription, but I watch shows on Netflix. I'm currently catching up on Walking Dead, I loved Breaking Bad, and look forward to getting True Detective on blu-ray.  




 I believe in the power of symbols and archetypes. I believe in living your life without guilt but also acknowledging my own limitations and flaws. I believe that man's most natural, instinctual state is best represented in the symbol of Satan. I believe there is no afterlife, there is no heaven or hell, and that this is the only life we have. This is the opposite of spiritual religions, who believe this life is in preparation for an afterlife, and thus take the name of the accuser, the opposer. 
 




 I believe in the power of symbols and archetypes. I believe in living your life without guilt but also acknowledging my own limitations and flaws. I believe that man's most natural, instinctual state is best represented in the symbol of Satan. I believe there is no afterlife, there is no heaven or hell, and that this is the only life we have. This is the opposite of spiritual religions, who believe this life is in preparation for an afterlife, and thus take the name of the accuser, the opposer.  




 It's really not that hard to have a moral high ground on the Catholic Church these days, so I don't have any feelings about that.  




 They know and they're supportive. I'm lucky in this regard. 




 Not me, but I know others who've had their properties vandalized.  




 A wink and good jokes. Never failed. 




 Am I using Satanism for shock value? I don't think I've ever shocked anyone with my Satanism. I think conservative christians are more shocking in today's society. The themes are fun and meant to drive your imagination and serve personal stimulation. I don't go around saying HELLO MY NAME IS RAUL, CITIZEN OF THE INFERNAL EMPIRE! 
























 Photos from our engagement party. Always liked the Satanic conotations in "The Museum of Man" signage. http://imgur.com/a/AtfGY 




 Yes. It a secular variation of the ceremony from [Peter Gilmore's Satanic Scriptures](http://www.thesatanicscriptures.com/blog/). Because we had family from both sides attending we decided to remove some terms that would make things awkward, but we kept the idea the same. A celebration of two individuals joining together, working towards the same goals, enjoying life. It was ordained by a Reverend in the COS. 




 Coop is a solid guy. Another photo, slightly awkward due to cropping, but taken from the dinner on the eve of my wedding, at Trade Vic's in Downtown LA. Coop won the best shirt contest at the table. http://imgur.com/ki7e9Lq 




 [Reverend Kevin Slaughter at the Robert Ingersoll Oratory Contest](https://scontent-b-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/t1.0-9/7629_146385771731_8350385_n.jpg )

[Satanic fashion: The Book   Rifle Club](https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc3/t31.0-8/412853_334468973266046_1348950776_o.jpg), [How To Start Your Own Country](https://scontent-a-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash2/t1.0-9/429890_338468632866080_338279740_n.jpg) 




 One of my favorite Satanists, Coop, at work: https://www.flickr.com/photos/birdmanphotos/sets/72157643133057825/ 




 [Photos of myself and several other Satanists](http://imgur.com/a/O2ENc) 

I guess the gentleman throwing the horns is kind of a giveaway (taken backstage at a music festival in Germany).

 




 If that kind of symbolism and imagery works for you, then go for it. Keep in mind that what goes on in the ritual chamber is self imposed ignorance, fantasy... the Intellectual Decompression Chamber.  If anyone thinks they are actually talking to or summoning demons then I'd suggest therapy. 









 Something that might interest you, here's an interview with Ashely S. Palmer of ASP Apparel on the 9sense Satanic podcast. He talks about the Church of Satan Walpurgisnacht celebration at the Dashwood Hellfire Caves Buckinghamshire, Southeast England.

http://www.ashleyspalmer.com/9sense-interview-dec2011/ 




 Read the material, and live your life as you see fit. Some of the most Satanic people I've ever met rarely ever directly talk about Satanism in public (unless asked about it), but they apply the philosophy and aesthetic discretely to their art, writing, careers, etc.   

The Church of Satan is an international organization and we have many members in England, including some of our most active. Joining the Church of Satan *is not required* to be a Satanist, but if you wish to support the organization and get to know other Satanists then [you can sign up here](http://churchofsatan.com/join-the-cos.php).

One of my good friends is in England and runs the [ASP Apparel](http://aspapparel.com/) webstore. 









 I have a couple of friends who work with/for Vice, mainly for their Noisey music segment. I'm also a fan of Molly Crabapple's writing.   

Unfortunately they have some people on staff who think the Church of Satan should jump at the chance to be associated with them. They reached out to the COS, we had some questions and laid out our terms, and they decided to go with some nobody who would be willing to give Vice a song and dance. 




 He was, as my friend [Kenaz Filan](http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/) puts it, a functional atheist, meaning that he did not operate under the notion that there was any conscious God or gods, he lived his life purely materialistically. His idea of magic was materialistic, *if magic exists* it would one day be explained by science and understood to be part of the human experience, not something supernatural. 




 Essentially, yes. He was open to the possibility that there is a "force" that keeps nature in balance, but this "force" was not something you could communicate with, to pray to or negotiate with. It just is, it doesn't "think", and it surely doesn't give a damn about people. 




 It's important to be clear that the Church of Satan itself does not advocate any one political party/ideology. It encourages each Satanist to seek the politics, if any, that they most agree with themselves and benefits them best. I've met Church of Satan members from all over the political map. and even though they all agree on the principles of Satanism, and may respectfully disagree on how it is applied to politics. 




 Personally, I most closely agree with Ernst Junger's idea of the Anarch, an individualist anarchist/egoist. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarch_(sovereign_individual) 




 Firstly, being an individualist does not mean you're an isolationist. Your self interest comes first and foremost, but you also recognize situations where it would be net beneficial for you, in the short or long term, to cooperate with others.   

There are Satanists who consider themselves Libertarians. You can watch artist Coop (Magister in the Church of Satan) talk about his politics on the Libertarian Reason TV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy1aC_ltJBs  

LaVey was obviously influenced by Ayn Rand. He promoted her work to other members of the Church of Satan, but there were some clear areas where Satanism and Objectivism diverge. See Magister Nemo's essay: [Satanism and Objectivism](http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php).  

The Satanist can also recognize the importance of having a stable environment, where you are free to pursue your happiness, and may choose to dedicate your time and resources to improve your own community. Remember, Satanism does not normalize to society. Satanism does not require everyone to be a Satanist. In fact, Satanism says most people *are not* Satanists. I can see how a Satanist can agree with a centrally planned political system, recognizing the need for people to have their interests taken cared of for them (Socialist, Communist), so long as they place themselves in a position of control of this system. Peter Gilmore writes about this situation in The Satanic Scriptures.  









 Great job! 




 Nailed it 




 Satanism is about living your life happily, rituals should be a tool to help achieve that. Rituals are by and large private, solitary practices. The Black Mass, or Le Messe Noir, as it's referred to in The Satanic Rituals, is just an organized blasphemy, a parody of the Christian mass, or any social institution, and are a means for personally throwing off those shackles. They are very, very rarely public events. The last Satanic High Mass was done on 6/6/6, restricted to verified Church of Satan members, and conducted at the Center for Inquiry West's Steve Allen Theatre in Los Angeles.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1zsIk6WcNM 









 The Satanic Bible is the fundamental text for Satanism. This is like going into /r/islam and asking for thoughts on the Koran...   

[Not sure if...](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/t_ku-medium/18nsju2r17odgjpg.jpg)   

Anyway... coincidentally my good friend [Rev. Kevin I. Slaughter](http://www.underworldamusements.net/books/) just posted this [screenshot of the Satanic Bible on Amazon](https://scontent-b-sjc.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t1.0-9/10150699_10203710027498322_1300974056_n.jpg) and made this comment a few moments ago that's worth repeating here: 
"A paperback original, published in 1968, is still a bestseller. There has never been a single advertisement placed by the publisher in all that time, there has not been a single "legitimate" review in any major outlet." 




 Love is one of the most powerful human emotions, and it should not be wasted. It should be cherished and applied to the people who would love us back. What is the greater good of humanity? I don't believe in an objective human "greater good", other than living in balance with the natural world. This might not match what other people consider "the greater good".  




 I'll be sure to include your material in one of my upcoming episodes of [Chaos Sedated](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/) 




 [Satanic booty had me like...](http://cdn.arwrath.com/1/153259.gif) 




 From the Church of Satan FAQ: http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php   

WHAT IS A SATANIC RITUAL?

Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery.

However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working.

Rupert Sheldrake, a biologist, has spent many years exploring the extended mind and has solid statistical evidence that there indeed does exist a mechanism in nature that could be used for such ends. His many books are fascinating and worth investigating.

We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information. 




  Order of the Trapezoid

http://www.churchofsatan.com/cos-order-of-trapezoid.php   
  
The Order of the Trapezoid, as a formal organization, was the organization that became the Church of Satan. LaVey was inspired by historical occult orders, but cultivated members who accomplished things in the real world, not people who spent all their time studying occult mumbo jumbo and couldn't get waiter to fill a glass of water.

" In accordance with LaVeys explorations of demonic geometry, they took to wearing an odd-shaped black and red medallion adorned with a bat-winged demon and formed a group called the Order of the Trapezoid, which later evolved into the governing body of the Church of Satan. Those who attended LaVeys soirees always comprised an array of professions and pursuits: the Baroness Carin de Plessenwho grew up in the Royal Palace of Denmark, Dr. Cecil Nixonmagician and eccentric extraordinaire, underground filmmaker Kenneth Anger, as well as artists, attorneys, doctors, writers, and law enforcement officers. City Assessor Russell Wolden might share the room with Donald Werby, one of San Franciscos most influential property owners; anthropologist Michael Harner with writer Shana Alexander. A ships purser might be seated next to a deep-sea diver, a dildo manufacturer next to a plastic surgeon. A famous tattoo artist, the grandson of a U.S. president, the owner of one of the worlds largest collections of Faberg artifactsall attended LaVeys get-togethers. The field of fantasy and science fiction personages alone yielded the likes of Anthony Boucher, August Derleth, Robert Barbour Johnson, Reginald Bretnor, Emil Petaja, Stuart Palmer, Clark Ashton Smith, Forrest J. Ackerman, Fritz Leiber, Jr., to name a few, into LaVeys circle of magical compatriots." 




 There is no such thing as "Generational Satanism" in regards to the Church of Satan. Any "hardcore members" who would believe in that would be swiftly kicked out. 




 Blanche Barton is working on an updated edition which would include an updated bibliography. That's a good question to ask her, I'll forward that along. 
























 No problem. What's are some of your favorites? 









 Representatives put themselves out there not to gain acceptance from the general public, but to defend our rights if we ever see them threatened or to be a beacon for the few others who might share our philosophy. Why bother? I meant what I said in my OP, I did this to have fun and give people the opportunity to interact with a Satanist. All in all I had a good time, talked about music, beer, and Godzilla.   

I agree, evil as some kind of "thing" outside of the human mind doesn't exist. Evil to me anything I don't like. I think all circumstances of child abuse is evil. Children naturally love life, they are in tune with their instincts, they are natural magicians with powerful imaginations. Do I need to defend this? Apparently the Catholic Church doesn't deem child abuse to be evil enough to jeopardize their power.   




 In the context of what he's written later in his life and other books I would think he's being analogous more than anything else.  




 Seems to be a common occurrence, Selim Lemouchi, former frontman of The Devil's Blood (the band that Watain believed could put their Satanism on the cover of Rolling Stone) recently took his own life. Everyone who I know who's worked with Ndtveidt and various other "theistic" Satanists have noticed heavy use of hard drugs. Richard Mills of Grand Belial's Key was a close and personal friend of mine, and though we disagreed on many things (politics, religion, substance abuse), he was a reliable friend to me. Unfortunately one of my last memories of him was when we were hanging out with Absurd and they asked me where I could get drugs. He knew I didn't do drugs, so I got pissed, told them to fuck off and left. A few days later he would die of a drug overdose on the streets of Harlem.  




 We believe that the psychological effects of magic is real, and that, for example, by performing a lust ritual, we are able to increase our chances of having our desired partner, because of an increase in confidence and an alleviation of stress and worry. We are open to the possibility that there may be additional effects to the practice of magic that we do not yet understand. 

"Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery."   

http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 If you like ISIS I would recommend checking out Godlesh while they're on tour this year. I pretty much enjoy all bands influenced by Neurosis (Pelican, Mastodon, mostly everything on Hydra Head Records). Check out MGR http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYMkejSSrKE  

Destructo Swarmbots http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXU4k1Xdbo8  

And of course, Jesu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0PYwPMnUCM 




 If your six friends bought those certificates in the past... 40 years or so, then yes they were certainly taken for a ride, but not by the Church of Satan. Did LaVey sell certificates at one point or another? I'm not sure, but the only person to claim this (back in the early 70's) was someone who had personal vendetta against LaVey, so I don't take that very seriously. I know I didn't, and none of the Priesthood that I know did, and many of who knew LaVey personally, some since the 80's.

The current administration does not sell priesthood, and will often reject applications and send refunds to people they believe are not fit for the organization (http://imgur.com/r/WTF/E1BPd).  

And about LaVey making a "fortune", I guess it depends on what you mean by fortune. He lived a comfortable life off his royalties (which the COS does not hold, all sales of his books go to his ex partner). Here's a blog entry from writer Kenaz Filan, who's working on an extensively researched, unbiased biography of LaVey and his take on LaVey the money grubbing conman: 

http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/2013/02/for-chas-clifton-questions-for-devil.html
"But amidst all these allegations I've never seen anyone say that Anton LaVey bilked a nice little old lady out of her life savings.  Or that he took tens of thousands from a bored San Francisco socialite to teach her "the Darkest of Dark Arts." Or that he extorted money from his flock. Or that he ever did any of the things you'd expect a con man to do. "

http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/2013/01/satanism-story-of-reluctant-antichrist.html   
"Then I saw a throwaway line where LaVey told Lawrence Wright that he hadn't done a Black Mass in over twenty years.  And I realized that here's a guy who could have made a tidy living working the lecture circuit.  Hell, I'm imagining LaVey with robe and hood, holding up a sword and proclaiming  "In this arid wilderness of steel and stone I raise up my voice that you may hear. To the East and to the West I beckon. To the North and to the South I show a sign proclaiming: LIVE FROM NEW YORK, IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!!"   

But he didn't do that.  Instead he watched like Sauron from Barad-Dur as others ran with his ideas (and more often than not got them spectacularly wrong). For a good part of Satanism's story Anton LaVey is conspicuous by his absence. Those aren't the actions of someone who was doing this as a performance, someone who was just looking for a quick buck.  There are many religions founded by conmen pretending to be prophets.  Anton LaVey was a prophet pretending to be a conman. He may have played a little fast and loose with the facts, but he believed everything he said."   

For more see: http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/search/label/satanism 




 We have some Satanists who are interested in what might be going on and will examine the latest scientific data that could help understand it. Belief in magic beyond psychodrama is not required though, it's up to you and your own experiences to judge that. The rituals, the symbols, the chants and names of the devils are all used to create emotions, stimulate your mind and creativity. Here's some more information, including an interview with Magister Nemo on the role and research on Greater Magic: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCcYWmeSkCI   

http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php

 




 Find out! Another Church of Satan Reverend just reissued the King in Yellow http://www.underworldamusements.net/books/the-king-in-yellow/ 




 Good questions, sorry I missed it earlier.   

I used to be when I was in my teens. I worked for various live venues in NYC and saw many Black and Death Metal bands that I enjoyed. I was into metal before I knew about Satanism as an organized religion. Since I do not have any kind of spirituality, I would say no. I find that heavy metal attracts many young people to Satanism, but many of them get stuck on the basics, the shock value element of it. But I know many mature Satanists today that started out as metal fans; some who still are, others who aren't as much. 

Some favorite metal bands:  
Sunn O))) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL5Ilyv98c8    
Altar of Plagues http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbfieYwl4aQ   
ISIS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NT0QL-xrx4
Pig Destroyer http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnymA33eoII
 




 Going through some questions I missed here... I would say that don't have faith, but a worldview and philosophy 1. That we believe in a literal Satan (pretty much covered here) 2. That we're all serious, sullen, metal heads. 3. That we're merely hedonists, all we want is immediate pleasure all the time. We say indulgence, not compulsion. When you feel like you *have* to have pleasure, you're no longer making choices but feeding an addiction. 




 Those anti-christian symbols seem to work well for a number of people, see the popularity of various metal bands (King Diamond) or artists (Coop). Being gaudy about probably won't get you anywhere, have a sense of style and taste and it could work out. Then again, you do away with that all together, use other symbols or archetypes that fit your goals or needs.  




 I would see Jung and his writing on the importance of archetypes, rituals to mark milestones in life, etc. His books are recommended reading for Satanists. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jungian_interpretation_of_religion   




 Key terms are *"if you have employed"*, some Satanists are interested in finding out if there's something in the natural world (not spiritual) that could explain magical or psychic phenomenon, and others have no interest in magic other than psychodrama or a form of meditation. 




 I listen to a lot of ambient and experimental music and worked with several record labels that put out that kind of music. See my Chaos Sedated podcast if you're interested http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/   

But I enjoy many other types of music, from rock to electronic pop music. Here are some songs I've been enjoying a lot lately:  
Ulver: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srImIubSxe8   
ISIS: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWTAkBRe6aI
Monster Magnet: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-mZqUg7lYU  
Crystal Castles: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twG4MTnU8xg
Cold Cave: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRt-IzBXdNY   
Prurient: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meNol8eRwfg
 




 Probably blasting this song in my car http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QbAXXXOJF8 




 I hung out with him on several occasions, did a photo shoot with him in NYC many years ago. We have since parted ways over various differences. He no longer considers himself a Satanist in any way and refers to himself as something like an occult Christian (see the end of his biographical film Iconoclast) 




 LaVey created the above ground, organized religion of Satanism, so I obviously have a lot of respect for him. Yes, I think that TSB is mandatory reading if anyone wants to understand Satanism. 




 Waking up and going to bed with my wife.  




 I'm personally not the biggest fan of heavy metal, but I realize that it attracts many youths to the philosophy. Unfortunately not many get past the shock value and stick to what I consider Phase One Satanist... you know, all black, serious, pentagrams and upside down crosses... But some kids take the ideas and research it it further, find other forms of music and art that have a Satanic element, and develop into more well informed and articulate individuals. Here's a show on Radio Free Satan that focuses on opera and classical music http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/voxsatanae/ 




 Not familiar with what this talk is, but I'm sure it's a lot of crap... the media just likes to paint anything that looks strange or weird as "Satanic".  




 Not sure which article you're talking about, but LaVey wrote a book called "The Satanic Witch" which was basically a manual for women to use to control men, but also covered the role of sex and gender in general. Here's an article on Satanic Feminism by Blanche Barton, LaVey's last wife and current high ranking COS member http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanic-feminism.php 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxDw6k0OllI

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkVwJ_vTjak

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk1ROnOu9iQ 




 Anyone who believes they are able to communicate and gain favor from external deities, whether it's Jesus, Allah, Vishnu, or Satan is delusional in my eyes.  Many of these theistic devil worshippers advocate animal cruelty and acts of crime. 




 here is Magister Nemo talking about Greater Magic. There isn't a front, we're pretty open about what may or may not be possible and the fact that some members believe in magic. That's up you to do decide https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCcYWmeSkCI 




 You can believe what you want, but I've been through all the ranks of the COS and what you see is what you get. There are a few who believe in the power of magic beyond psychology, but they are interested in *possible* scientific explanations. I know many high ranking COS members who do not practice magic at all or purely for psychodrama. And almost none of them take Crowley seriously beyond being a poet and using some useful material for a dramatic ritual. That's it. 




 *Satan* 




 However you want to represent yourself in public is completely up to you, it doesn't make you any more or less a Satanist. I've always enjoyed your responses here, but that's your call.  




 I was in touch with a few of the mods throughout the AMA, they were very helpful and even supported many of my ideas. 




 I actually spoke to the mods and it is recommended to not start responding to questions immediately. I waited about 20 minutes before I started to respond, but my responses were *immediately* getting downvoted below the hidden threshold, so no one was seeing it. The mods were trying to fix this because they noticed a big influx of people (some say an organized Christian group) going to the thread and downvoting everything. About 40 to 45 minutes in my answers started pop up. According to some people I responded faster and more frequently than most celebrity AMA's. 




 "I yam what I yam and tha's all what I yam." If people were going to consider me evil, they should at least be accurate about they think I'm evil for. Maybe I'm evil for being concerned with the planet's environment. Or evil for thinking creationism shouldn't be taught in school. Shock value is important, it wakes people up. Many people can't get past that, but some people get the message and learn to apply what they've discovered about themselves productively in the real world.     




 "I yam what I yam and tha's all what I yam." My views *are* Satanic. Prior to LaVey the term "satanist" or "satanic" was a derogatory term, a way of denouncing a religious or political enemy, or just a general term for blasphemy, not a formulated, structured philosophy or worldview. Catholics called Protestants "satanic" and vice versa. Every so often there would be a Christian heretic who would switch sides, but they still operate under the Christian paradigm. LaVey's goal was take ownership of the term "Satanist", to make it something that stands on it's own, to apply the idea of the "Satanic" not just in terms of opposing spirituality, but in social and cultural institutions that each individual Satanist decides to reject (if any at all). Is this evil? We may disagree but I believe evil is subjective. I think it's evil that we're destroying our planet's environment. I think it's evil to teach creationism in public school. I think child abuse is evil. I have never, in the real world, been considered evil. Well, that's not true. I once got a person fired for sexual harassment and was considered to be evil for ruining someone's life over a misunderstanding. I can live with that. In fact, I can live with being called evil for all sorts of things. But at least be accurate with what you think I'm evil for.   

My end goal is not to help people *in general*, it's to help myself and my loved ones. Sometimes that overlaps with helping others outside of that group. When I advocate for a secular government, sure I'm helping a wide range of religious and nonreligious groups live more comfortably in this country, but that's mainly to protect my own interests. One can expand self-interest outside of immediate rewards. Do you not feel good about helping others? Be honest with yourself, it makes you feel like a better person. That's pride, a sin other religions, not in ours. 




 I can certainly see a Satanist who uses Kali as a metaphor and symbol in their ritual or art in exactly the way you describe. 




 Personally? I believe magic is a way of using symbols and a ritual environment as a form of psychological meditation, focusing on goals, and letting go of emotional baggage. Some Satanists believe there is more to this and they are interested in researching how it can be explained with science and rationality, not spirituality.    
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 Here's more on Satanism, occultism and paganism in general http://churchofsatan.com/faq-occultism-wicca-voodoo.php 




 Most neopagans I've met believe in some form of spiritual karma, that "bad" things will come back to hurt you. It's always appeared to me as basically Christian morals, minus the mythology, add in Mother Earth. I don't claim to be an expert on neopaganism though, and honestly I'm not very interested in it.  




 I meant neo-pagans in general that I've encountered, meant to exclude Asatru from that. 




 I haven't. There's such an overwhelming collection of evidence against the supernatural that I'm very comfortable with my stance.  




 You're underplaying the amount of self satisfaction one can gain from knowing they've improved the world. That is selfish. Everything else follows. That's right, what's right and wrong, beyond the basic doctrines, is up to the individual. If that makes you uncomfortable, that's fine. I don't think everyone is or should be a Satanist or accept Satanism. 




 How so? I've never heard of Mark Passio until right now. He was never the High Priest of anything, and to my knowledge not ever been a member of the Church of Satan. How would you respond to a person who claims to have been the CEO of Google though there's an overwhelming level of evidence to the contrary? Would think this is a sane person?   
http://churchofsatan.com/history.php   

The conspiracy that the Church of Satan is made up of corporate elites has long been debunked. http://www.snopes.com/business/alliance/procter.asp 




 A fulfilling life. Metaphorically our egos live on in the minds of the people we've influenced and inspired. 




 I get to do a great deal of traveling and met some inspiring entrepreneurs in this line of work. It keeps the technical work interesting knowing that the numbers you're working represent cases of booze shipped and sold around the world. I work in data modeling and predictive analysis, which is a hot topic in the business world right now. Lots of small independent IT shops are coming out with their solutions, some are getting bought out by SAP, IBM, Microsoft, etc. The wine industry is very "traditional" in various ways, but they're catching on and adjusting. Here's an article describing the change: http://www.businessinsider.com/big-data-makes-your-wine-taste-better-2013-8 




 No. I do not believe in a spirit or the mind existing outside the body. 




 I don't worship Satan, see my OP. I don't believe in a being called Satan. Satan is a symbol, a representation mans natural instincts. We see our world and society as out of balance, so we take the symbol of the opposer, the enemy, the one who seeks to put things into balance. 




 I was in a bookstore and came across the Satanic Bible. It looked interesting, so I bought it and read it that same day. I agreed with everything in it, it described me and my opinions as if it was written by and old friend. I was about 15 then and I've considered myself a Satanist ever since.  




 Crowley has nothing to do with Satanism, he never called himself a Satanist. He started a religion called Thelema and it's more like Buddhism than anything else.  




 Or this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqcn_TPu4qQ 




 I have a couple of Therion albums somewhere, I liked them and will give it another shot. I'll definitely check out that podcast.   

Oh yeah, and check out Dave Ingram's latest band, Down Among The Dead Men.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7G6j3FcWN8 




 1. The Church of Satan isn't interested in becoming a mainstream religion but instead promotes the work the members and maintaining the philosophy of Satanism in general. It's possible that at some point in the future Satanism will be a more understood religion, with more public figures coming out as Satanists. For example, there's Jacob Appelbaum as an open, public Satanist, and he's applied the Satanic sense of freedom to his work at Wikileaks.   

2. I'd like to see it push secularism, but I rather see individuals Satanists advance their goals in the real world than the organization or philosophy itself.

3.  The only political agenda the Church of Satan has is to push for secularism and taxation on all religious organizations, along with some social and cultural programs (total environments, artificial human companions). See here: http://churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php   
http://churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php   
  
There are Satanists who are Freemasons, the ideas are not mutually exclusive.   

I'm not a big beer drinker, I prefer scotch. But I recently visited The Lost Abbey brewery and enjoyed their selection. Their Inferno Ale was delicious and I brought home a few bottles! How about yourself? 




 No idea, honestly. I think they like to call themselves Luciferians or Theistic Satanists, but it's inconsistent and usually just whatever that person thinks sounds cool. 




 I spent years going to Coney Island High, The Wetlands, CBGB's and worked with the likes of Deicide, Emperor, Cannibal Corpse, Immortal, Dimmu Borgir, Hate Eternal, Morbid Angel... I'm pretty burnt out on that stuff...  

Nowadays I prefer drones over blast beats.   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whIp7fsfQ1g   

I'm in the middle of updating Radio Free Satan right now, you might be interested in these shows:  

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/the-metal-grotto-034/   
This month on The Metal Grotto, Citizen JNothing brings you the metal sounds of Goatwhore, Nile, King of Asgard, Death Breath, Entombed, Lazarus AD, Cradle Of Filth (covering a Slayer tune), Erupted, Aeon, Gojira, Psycroptic, and finishes off with some Fecal Corpse.   

Or this one, hosted by Church of Satan member Dave Ingram, former vocalist for Bolt Thrower  
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/metal-breakfast-radio-episode-29-8/   
Back with a bang, or is it a whimper? Either way, we return with a new episode for our lovely listeners, fabulous fans, and the rest of you gorgeous gits. First half sees submitted bands through the sniper's scope - with a surprise money shot at the end. Second half is all about David, since we didn't get to celebrate his birthday properly. He chooses these ones, much to Donovan's chagrin. Or poor taste in music. It's definitely not self-depreciating rubbish. On it you can hear: OBLIVION, EKSPOSISI, SEVERITY, CRYPTIC BLOOD, SLAUGHTERDAY, SERPENT EATER, BLOOD LABEL, MORFIN, SPEWTILATOR, CANCEROUS WOMB, DESTRUCTOR, DISCHARGE, THE ACCUSED, VOIVOD, VENOM, BATHORY, POSSESSED, RAZOR, BOLT THROWER and THE VANDALS.  




 Probably closer to libertarianism. It's a hierarchy. If that scenario provided me with a greater level of satisfaction than pain, or if I personally enjoyed pain, then sure. I don't see that happening for myself. 




 Here's Peter Gilmore on Godzilla  
http://www.churchofsatan.com/godzilla.php  

"Godzilla anthropomorphizes Nature by giving a consciousness to such vast and terrible powers that dwarf us, showing us how truly insignificant we are, personally and as a species. And that such a threat could possibly focus on us intentionally, rather than being something mindlessly passing dreadfully near, amplifies its might. Godzillas presence emphasizes ephemeral humanity." 




 I would consider myself most closely aligned with the Libertarian platform. 




 I never met Zeena but it's pretty obvious that she has an ax to grind against her father. No I don't feel brainwashed.  




 A Priest/Reverend has the authority to speak for the Church of Satan and represent Satanism. The High Priest and Priestess are aware of this thread, I'm in regular contact with them. 




 The Church of Satan actually has a SETI@home team
http://www.churchofsatan.com/cos-seti-team.php   

I'm personally intrigued by the idea of the possibilities of life on other planets and it would help explain our own origins. Our religion seeks to understand the world as it is, within the realm of science, so this is certainly of interest to Satanists. 




 I don't. It's not work, it's an honorary title. 




 We do think of the children... we leave them alone for their parents to deal with. We raise our own children without religion and let them decide what they want to believe when they reach maturity. If a child is in danger I imagine a Satanist would not hesitate to contact the authorities. 
For specifics see this:  http://churchofsatan.com/faq-young-people-satanism.php 




 I think they're delusional at best, potentially criminally violent at worst. 




 Yes, I have it on DVD. 




 It's god damn rainbow coalition! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0 




 You mean, something like, The Satanic Bible? http://www.amazon.com/Satanic-Bible-Anton-Szandor-Lavey/dp/0380015390 




 My favorite metal band would have to be ISIS   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWTAkBRe6aI feature=kp   

"Satanic" metal isn't really my cup of tea, but I've enjoyed GHOST BC. 




 Mostly electronic music of all sorts. I do an ambient and experimental music podcast here http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/   

Some recent artists I've listened to: Jesu, Grimes, Youth Code, Boris, Vatican Shadow, Ulver, David E. Williams, Zombi, Godflesh, Dalek, Little Dragon, M83, Zola Jesus, Skream, Burial, Massive Attack   

But I also love soundtrack music, I just ordered a bunch of records from Death Waltz Records: http://deathwaltzrecordingcompany.com/   

 




 Being individualistic does not mean you refuse to work with others. It can mean you only work the those who share your goals. The Church of Satan can provide that network, if you want it. You're not a lesser Satanist if you don't join the organization, and a Satanist can "join" just a form of respect and appreciation and never contact another Satanist.  




 Here's an article by Peter Gilmore dedicated to Godzilla  
http://www.churchofsatan.com/godzilla.php  
"Godzilla anthropomorphizes Nature by giving a consciousness to such vast and terrible powers that dwarf us, showing us how truly insignificant we are, personally and as a species. And that such a threat could possibly focus on us intentionally, rather than being something mindlessly passing dreadfully near, amplifies its might. Godzillas presence emphasizes ephemeral humanity." 




 He's got quite the collection of Kaiju toys. Here's his article dedicated to Godzilla http://www.churchofsatan.com/godzilla.php 




 If this occurs after the lifetime of the Satanist then it doesn't negate the satisfaction he or she received in their initial act. 




 If that was an issue I'm interested in fighting against I would condemn the political institutions that protect sex trafficking, including the religious institutions involved in Bacha bazi.   
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/dancingboys/

I know a couple of Satanist who work with child protective services and counseling, that's another way of applying the Satanic idea of respecting children.  

Here's a book with a collection of stories from Satanic women where all proceeds are donated to The National Violence Against Women Prevention Research Center. 

http://www.lulu.com/shop/ann-oxyer/lilith-awakened/paperback/product-20405605.html;jsessionid=F4DD97BE10B6525BDD8F68BA75FA80B4 




 I have no idea what these groups are. I met Leyba when he first came out with Coyote Satan Amerika. We were in touch for a while, but we had a falling out. Do members leave or get kicked out? Sure, but I'm not seeing anything significant in terms of a "schism".  




 I have no idea what the membership count is, and the Church of Satan does not disclose it. What I do know is that the Central Office is constantly processing memberships, responding to media contacts, and following up with active members.  

There is only one High Priest at any given moment, currently it is Peter Gilmore. Where are you getting these ideas from? LaVey stopped doing public performances in the 70's. He never meant for Satanists to do anything "in the name of the Church" other than apply Satanism in their everyday productive lives. The idea that this somehow "changed" when he died is inaccurate.

Here's a video of the 6/6/6 Satanic Mass. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1zsIk6WcNM

Here's a video of a lecture at the Maryland Institute College of Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpI_TvJXc84
  
Here's the successful kickstarter campaign for a Spanish translation of the Satanic Scriptures   
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinislaughter/las-escrituras-satanicas-the-satanic-scriptures-in
  
Listen to Magister Coop talk Satanism, art, and rock and roll on WTFPod  
http://www.wtfpod.com/podcast/episodes/episode_318_-_coop  

The Church of Satan does not see a penny from sales of the Satanic Bible. Royalties of the book go to LaVey's children and his former partner, none of whom are involved with the Church of Satan. 

What's a good pair of shoes run you these days? If $200 is going to break your bank then don't join. The Church of Satan actually rejects applications and refunds money very regularly. http://imgur.com/E1BPd
 




 It doesn't "bother" me, but it's disappointing. It doesn't change anything either way. 




 Seems like Kanye West is wearing clothing from Actual Pain, a clothing label that uses Satanic and other occult imagery. http://lineout.thestranger.com/lineout/archives/2011/02/25/kanye-in-actual-painactual-pain-in-cross  

I was walking around the shops in LA a few weeks ago and noticed an increasing amount of Satanic imagery in high fashion shops. My wife picked up a few pieces she found interesting. I think this part of what makes True Detective such a hit show right now. If this trend means I get better TV to watch, my wife gets sexy clothes, and I can get vinyl reprints of horror movie records then I'm happy. 




 1. Kooks come in all shapes and colors. Not worth your time trying to sort him out.   
2. I've encountered a number of drugged addicted morons in metal bands who think they're in communication with demons. I quickly distance myself from anyone like that. 




 Had a decent enough time with this, even answered some fun and thoughtful questions.  




 Good is what I like, evil is what I don't like. You're assuming that "good" comes from a divine source, that is a first principle I do not accept so everything from that point cannot be reconciled.  




 Here are some more answers  

http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject9915/ 




 Never been a fan of either! Well before my time, both of them! 




 1. Most Satanists I know believe in subjective morality. We a few baseline morals (more like guidelines) but beyond that we are left to decide and incorporate any moral system that best suits us.  
2. Yes, I'm an atheist. What is Christian morality? It was once moral for Christians to own slaves and kill their children. Obviously this doesn't apply today (for the most part...) but that would mean Christian morality is subjective to the cultural norms of the the time. I'm open to the debate that certain morals are consistent throughout cultures because they establish a basis for civilization and is innate. See the Wason selection task.  
3. Most Satanists I know could be described as social liberals and fiscal conservatives, or just plain Libertarians. I know one who considers himself borderline socialist, and others who have no political interest at all. The only political agenda that the Church of Satan works towards is secularization of the state and taxation on all religious institutions.   
4. There are no "meetings." Many Satanists are performers, artists, musicians, and writers and the Church of Satan will promote the concerts and events of these people that's what they want. At those events other Satanists who share those interests might show up. But Satanists have a wide range of interests, so it's not some universal gathering.  
5. A priest does not have a "function", it's just an honorary title that means the Church of Satan approves of me representing the Satanic philosophy in public *if I choose to do so*.    
6. I put up a tree, send greeting cards to friends and family, and exchange gifts. I prefer to refer as Yule. Here's the latest Yule greeting from the Church of Satan http://churchofsatannews.tumblr.com/post/70660015798/superlative-solstice 




 Yes, that was one of my events! Blood Axis, Changes, and Dream Into Dust. At the time I was part of TESCO USA. You probably saw me there, and that was the same bar I had drinks with Peter Gilmore at. Did you enjoy the performance? If you're interested in more of the same follow me on Twitter, I'll be doing another event in NYC in October. https://twitter.com/InvisibleWar 




 Odinism can be seen as a noble form of Satanism. I'm close friends with several Satanists who use Norse gods for their symbolism.  




 If working towards a better tomorrow gives a Satanist personal satisfaction today then this is very much in-line with our selfish philosophy. 




 http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php "We do not hold, as do the Objectivists that the universe is benevolent. Satanists view the world as neutral, beyond the concepts of benevolent or treacherous, good or evil. Satanism enables the Satanist to codify his life beyond the ethical and metaphysical straightjacket which Objectivism unfortunately offers. This is not written to attack Objectivism but merely to clarify the areas of difference.

Satanism drew from Objectivism as even Rand drew from others. Both are, however, unique. Both are different from the other." 




 By achieving real world accomplishments. 




 I have this on VHS! 




 Much of this has been answered here http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php 




 1. No, we do not believe in any supernatural forces. http://churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php

2. I've never had an issue.  
3. We don't meet as an organization, but some Satanists will support the concerts, events, art galley openings of other Satanists who share their interests.  
4. My birthday.  




 http://churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php 




 No. 




 I can't say that "love our fellow man". I think people need to earn my love, and doesn't come easy. That doesn't mean I'm not polite or respectful in public. We do not advocate human or animal sacrifice of any kind and will promptly report people to the authorities if we get any sign of that. 
























 If you're looking for specific literature I'd recommend Lucifer Rising by COS Reverend Gavin Baddeley. 

http://www.amazon.com/Lucifer-Rising-Book-Devil-Worship/dp/0859652807   

Peter Gilmore writes about how music influences him in the Satanic Scriptures. He comes from a orchestral music background, so he lists those composers and pieces that inspire him. If you're interested in hearing his own work he made much of it available for free here: http://www.churchofsatan.com/music-peter-h-gilmore.php 




 Was LaVey the perfect father? Probably not. So what? Read the article. Her grievances can be summed as "daddy didn't give me enough attention. He was such a selfish asshole" Funny how she was perfectly happy with her family situation *exactly* up to the point where father told her "no, you and your nutty boyfriend aren't getting the Church of Satan." She then ran off and joined up with Aquino, obviously looking for another father figure. When Aquino told her "no, you're not getting the Temple of Set" she ran off again and found Buddha. 




 Satanism is also inherently anti-egalitarian, advocates hierarchy, private property, and yes, the rule of law. "Thats why I believe in stratification by allowing water to seek its own level. Its something that can, and is, being done. Im all for a police state; no messing around. There should be an armed guard on every street corner. The Israelis have the right idea: school bus drivers and MacDonalds managers carrying Uzis." Like I said, you're going to have a lot of caveats.    




 "At the time of his death LaVey was embroiled in a number of personal controversies. He had also acquired a number of competitors who wanted to discredit him.  This meant that a cottage industry arose in material which painted LaVey in the worst possible light.  Accordingly, people close to Anton LaVey tend to be instinctively wary when questioned: people who hated him are only too happy to share their grievances.

I have no desire to write a salacious tell-all, especially since LaVey's life doesn't appear to have been all that salacious.  (He's certainly got nothing on transvestite meth-head priests).  I won't hide unflattering information if it is important to his work, if it sheds light on his philosophy or influence. But I'm primarily concerned with his failings insofar as they shed light on his accomplishments.  Tragic flaws interest me: petty ones not so much. " http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/2013/01/satanism-story-of-reluctant-antichrist.html 




 You say you're looking for unbiased look at the Church of Satan but you've been seemingly disturbed by the claims of extremely biased individuals. The people that spread that whole "pimping" claim were people who were trying to discredit LaVey after his death so that they could lay claim to the COS and his royalties. As for the whole "cannibalism" thing, so what? There was the old prank that LaVey would pull on house guests, where he would serve "long pig" (thigh of woman). This was obviously a joke, even LaVey/COS detractor Aquino claims it was a joke. Whatever his own personal experiences are, that's just it, his own personal experiences. As /u/JasonUncensored properly stated, LaVey is no hero, never claimed to be, and told people *not* to worship him. "Satanism demands study, not worship!"  

Writer Kenaz Filan is currently working on an unbiased biography of LaVey and the early Church of Satan. You can follow his work at his blog here: http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/search/label/satanism  

 




 As a Satanist I'm a pure materialist and shun the spiritual all together. So from a theological stand point I have very little interest in Gnosticism. That said, I do find value in Gnostic art and symbolism and feel comfortable using it for purely emotional and aesthetic purposes. 




 In theory, yes. But that does not mean many Satanists would agree with your political views, you're more likely to run into people who are at the opposite end of the political spectrum. Any political ideology that leans heavy on collectivism would have hard time synergizing with Satanism's extreme individualist philosophy. I know several Satanists who hold Egoist Anarchist ideals (myself included), but wouldn't be fond of any of Social Anarchism's collectivist theories. LaVey was very open about saying that [Satanism **is** Americanism](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/26500106054/a-horned-salute-on-independence-day). Does that mean you need to fall in line and agree? Not necessarily, but don't be surprised if you find yourself in constant conflict. That said, there are plenty of Satanists who go their way independently, applying the philosophy as they see fit. 



















 Here's a little Industrial Easter Egg in that group photo... notice the man kneeling on the right... the one and only David Tibet (Current 93). 









 Here's the Church of Satan FAQ: http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php 




 I also highly recommend [Letters From The Devil](http://shop.underworldamusements.net/product/letters-from-the-devil), which is a collection of essays and writings from LaVey's editorial Q A column from the National Insider and Exploiter magazines. 




 Here's a list of Church of Satan related material:   
http://churchofsatan.com/sources-print.php  

If you want more of LaVey I would go right to The Devil's Notebook and Satan Speaks!, otherwise I would recommend Peter H. Gilmore's [Satanic Scriptures](http://www.amazon.com/Satanic-Scriptures-Peter-H-Gilmore/dp/0976403595/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1/104-7850525-6432757?ie=UTF8 s=books qid=1182438419 sr=8-1/churchofsatan). 




 A clip of my interview with the producer starts at the 00:03:05 mark. 









 The Church of Satan was the first above-ground religious organization to fully and officially support and perform homosexual marriage. Magus Gilmore has continued this tradition and has been an outspoken critic of recent attempts by religious fundamentalists to ban same-sex marriage.  

http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/23051214911/the-god-behind-the-curtain-by-magus-peter-h-gilmore  

http://www.churchofsatan.com/founding-family-morality.php

 



















 Not sure where they got their sources for their ideas on the Church of Satan because they got a lot of that wrong. The Church of Satan does not merely believe Satanism is a philosophy, but absolutely takes the position that Satanism is a religion. The point is repeated multiple times in The Satanic Bible, in the online literature, and in our media representation.  
























 That sounds reasonable. I knew a few people who would call "extended mind" phenomenon and the like "supernormal".  




 What? No they aren't. Rejection of afterlife, of heaven and hell, of a supernatural God and his kingdom. A rejection of any life after this one. Death as the great abstinence, the finality of conscious existence. There's no ambiguity about it. 




 The Satanist is pragmatic, motivated by rational self-interest. There are plenty of ways of emotionally, psychologically, and symbolically destroying a person who violates your space without resorting to unnecessary physical violence. Then again, sometimes you have to stand your ground, but be prepared to be responsible for the consequences. 




   if to be a Satanist *merely* means to emulate the meaning of the word Satan  

No. That's part of it, but the rejection of the spiritual and ethereal is just as important, as well at the several other factors. Gnostic Christians are just that, Gnostic Christians. 
 




 [Dark ambient/ritual music is kind of my forte](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/), so here are a few recommendations. Keep in mind you may want to edit some of these selections for instrumental usage, unless you wish to incorporate the lyrics into your performance.

[Archon Satani - Incubus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bseC3ABmfuQ)

[Mz.412 - Satan Jugend II: Global Konquering](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FraHxFRZPU)  

[Treha Sektori - Ah Estereh Komh Derah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLKUYD6eVYA)

[Blood Axis - Electricity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjpvp49ESqI)

[Blood Axis - Der Gefallene Engel] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzwPZlVr694)

[Predominance - Aurora Borealis] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOpsLKO6b8I)  

[Inade - The Engine of Inferno](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xre9lS8cgiI) 









 Peddle your shit elsewhere, you're embarrassing yourself. 




 Lesser magic: Yes. Greater magic: Maybe.   

At its core, Greater Magic is theatrical and psychological drama. The purpose is to exercise your emotions and to let go of the psychological detritus that might be holding you back from enjoying your life or achieving your goals.  

That said, there is room in the Satanic religion for the possibility that there may be some external influence that is a byproduct of Greater Magic. There are some Satanists who are interested in experimenting with that possibility, using rituals to exert their influence on others so to nudge events in their favor. Those Satanists may be interested in the works of the biologist Rupert Sheldrake, who describes such events as the "extended mind".  

The Church of Satan does not require Satanists to "have faith" in this. If you are not interested or are skeptical of such phenomenon, that's fine. From the FAQ (http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php):  
We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.  

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information.  









 [Church of Satan - IN MEMORIAM H.R. GIGER (1940-2014 c.e.)](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/85645835142/in-memoriam-h-r-giger-1940-2014-c-e) 




 Exactly, the Black Mass *is* a hateful, defamatory ritual. Hence the Catholics are in the right for opposing it and using their power to shut it down. That's why Black Masses are private rituals, used for private purposes, and if they're to be public then you better own up to the fact that you are the Bad Guys. It seems the Satanic Temple wants to have both ways, to use Satan's name for publicity, but hide behind victim-hood and cries of persecution when challenged, and use that victim mentality to get on their soapbox and proclaim themselves as the Good Guys. Go back the warm bosom of Wicca and underbelly of Buddha if that's your cup of tea. 




 Comments like this make me skeptical of your claims that this was an "authentic" ritual based on LaVey...   

"And this we can and will do by violating the quietude of thy body, profaner of the ample vices, abstractor of stupid purities, cursed Nazarene, impotent king, fugitive god!  

Behold, great Satan, this symbol of the flesh of him who would purge the Earth of pleasure and who, in the name of Christian "justice" has caused the death of millions of our honored Brothers.  **We curse him and defile his name.**  

O Infernal Majesty, condemn him to the Pit, evermore to suffer in perpetual anguish. Bring Thy wrath upon him, O Prince of Darkness, and
rend him that he may know the extent of Thy anger. Call forth Thy legions that they may witness what we do in Thy name. Send forth thy messengers to proclaim this deed, and **send the Christian
minions staggering to their doom. Smite him anew, O Lord of Light, that his angels, cherubim, and seraphim may cower and tremble with fear,
prostrating themselves before Thee in respect of Thy power. Send crashing down the gates of Heaven, that the murders of our ancestors
may be avenged!** 




 There are plenty of public accounts, [including photos](http://imgur.com/HBNEwLe), which attribute to my embarrassing conclusion. Edit: The Germans have a word for this: Fremdscham. 









 A polite, unoffensive Black Mass is pretty far from authentic.  




 I'll just reiterate this from a prior comment: With all their whitewashing of the ritual they should have called it the White Mass. The Black Mass is designed to be a psychological and symbolic attack, both at the senses of the participants and at the institutions themselves. The whole point is to rile up the senses, emotions, and to intentionally invoke a psychological break from the target subject.  




 With all their whitewashing of the ritual they should have called it the White Mass. The Black Mass is designed to be a psychological and symbolic attack, both at the senses of the participants and at the institutions themselves. 

Also, the event was not private, it was public event that had fliers around the campus. Reservations were required but it was for all intents and purposes a promotional event. 

Apparently their little Chinese restaurant retreat was an embarrassing crying victim circle jerk, surrounded by amused lounge employees.  




 I can't help but agree with /u/Paradoxinteractions. Le Messe Noir is openly a mockery and symbolic attack at Catholicism.   

"This ritual is a psychodrama in the truest sense. Its prime purpose is to reduce or negate stigma acquired through past indoctrination. It is also a vehicle for retaliation against unjust acts perpetrated in the name of Christianity." - The Satanic Rituals  

LaVey also advised the Church of Satan to take the idea of the Black Mass and apply it to institutions other than Christianity:  
"A black mass, today, would consist of the blaspheming of such "sacred" topics as Eastern mysticism, psychiatry, the psychedelic movement, ultra-liberalism, etc. Patriotism would be championed, drugs and their gurus would be defiled, acultural militants would be deified, and the decadence of ecclesiastical theologies might even be given a Satanic boost." - The Satanic Bible   

So when I heard first of these people doing a Black Mass I thought it was strange, considering that the express purpose of the Satanic Temple is to spread love and compassion.  

Reports from the scene indicate that there weren't a whole lot of "Satanists" there to begin with, though they most likely didn't show up knowing that it was going to be canceled. The crowd had about a dozen protesters, but for the most part it was just curious onlookers. Pagans, atheists, liberal Christians, etc.  




 Bath salts. 




 Don't you think symbols and words have psychological and emotional power? Jung's Man and His Symbols is required reading for anyone wanting to explore this topic: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0440351839?pc_redir=1399608923 robot_redir=1 




 While LaVey dismissed much about occultists, he paid respect to the power of occult symbols and language. Here's LaVey on why he included the Enochian Keys: "Now you must know that every single occult scholar I knew warned me against publishing the Enochian Calls, saying that NOBODY touched upon them and it meant doom to even mention them. OK. That was enough for me. In they went. " (Forward to  Might is Right, 1996). 




 I'm not trying to shove my beliefs. OP asked for opinions and feedback on what the Satanic philosophy, as defined by LaVey, has to say about casual drug use. I provided the reasons and sources as to why such practices are not ideally Satanic. I didn't go knocking on someone's door telling them to put down the bong, they came to an open public forum asking for advice. For some reason my responses gave you some kind of anxiety.  

Again, not every single thing a person does in their life has to meet the guidelines of Satanism. Make up your mind, be responsible for your own actions, including stepping outside of the parameters of the Satanic philosophy if you feel it necessary. But as a representative of the Satanism I'll continue to make a clear case so where those boundaries lie. Again, **rational** self-interest. Mindless hedonism is anti-Satanic. 




 In Satanism morality is subjective. There are some fundamental guidelines to the philosophy (Eleven Rules of the Earth, Nine Satanic Statements, etc.) but otherwise morals are subjective to the individual and cultural norms of the time. Edit: That's why I asked you those questions, in order to get context to the scenario you're describing. There is no objective morality in Satanism (i.e. looking after you fellow man), only a rational analysis based on self-interest.  




 I essentially agree, one can indulge intelligently and take responsibility for it. I still contend that such actions put the Satanist in a weaker position, vulnerable to suggestion or manipulation, but I suppose if done in private you save yourself that worry. But ultimately, as a policy stance, the Church of Satan will not condone any illegal activity or defend anyone found to be in violation of local laws. 




 You give me quotes from famous, exceptional people. Great! Those are **exceptional** people. They are unusual; not typical. I suppose that's the crux of our argument, I do not share your optimism in that these benefits would carry to the general population. Just like alcohol. What better way to gain an upper-hand in a negotiation then by passing them a drink. For the record, I would add that yes, drinking alcohol to the point of drunkenness is antithetical to the Satanic ideal, a "sin" LaVey himself committed, just like I'm sure he may have given unwanted advice at one time or another, and thought some people were capable of more than they were (solipsism). If the time comes that certain "soft" drugs are legalized, the same thing would apply. I'm sure Satanists would partake in their legal recreation, but they would be putting themselves in less than ideal Satanic states. 




 I've spent about a decade in the extreme metal and electronic music scenes in NYC and can attest to a number of rapes, fights, and near murders done under the influence of acid or the use of acid. Did these people have other influences in their lives, possibly more so than acid? Sure, just the same as I would say it's effect on successful people. 

And then there's the research on psychedelic drugs as a tool for manipulating suggestibility. Are you saying that psychedelic drug do not influence your judgement? Because that's quite a bold statement. Now is this a good or bad thing? That's up to the individual and their own capabilities. It does not need justification, it is the logical conclusion of a set of principles. Now whether or not your see this as a flaw or you disagree, that's fine. This an aspect of Satanism you do not agree with, that's fine, you should feel comfortable with that if you are confident in your own experiences.   




 In the novel Venator operates inside the world of the Condor, who he opposes but realizes he needs to work within the system to live a free life. Through a series of manipulation, action, and stealth he achieves his ultimate freedom and shapes the world around him. Also read Peter Gilmore's Satanic Scriptures for a more directly Satanic take on the issue.   




 That's a fairly complex, and nuanced situation. I recommend reading Junger's novel Eumeswil. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eumeswil 




 I doubt LaVey would dismiss Jobs as a slave, I believe he had a Mac himself. Steve Jobs, and the various people you mention, had their vices, and faults, and became the masters of their craft regardless, and like you say, maybe had some assistance. But do you think if they didn't have their innate talents and intelligence that LSD would have opened those doors for them? Does that make drug use beneficial as a general rule? How about instead of Steve Jobs we use the various murders committed while on LSD. One can argue that underlying mental illness is the cause of these murders, not LSD. Well, maybe it's the underlying genius of these individuals that got their achievements, not LSD. Can't have it both ways.

Again, I go back to what I said before, the "ideal" Satanist would not do drugs, therefore the philosophy does not condone drug use.  

We're talking general use case here, since it's a general rule.  
*Why is drug use so bad? Why is it looked down on so much in Satanism? What logical reason is there for this unusual closed mindedness?* Because, it impairs judgement and control, *generally*. Now, individually, one has to decide what they want to do with their talents and abilities in the privacy of their own homes and lives, but do not use the Satanic philosophy as justification for it. Is that clear enough?  




 When did I say he had "so many" people groveling at his feet? I stated a metaphor to clarify a point. Some people got their mutual desires (payment, sex, attention), some got more, some got less. Some took a paycheck and went about their business.  




 I think you under-represent the power of manipulation and suggestion if you think that money is the only thing that grants you what you need (source: Wolfe who would discover that LaVey had various cars at his disposal to use when he wished, though not directly owned by him). In any case, for all intents and purposes, LaVey made enough money to get the things he wants. Court records show he died with enough money and royalties for his various family members to fight over. Now, did he live and achieve his ultimate Satanic ideal? I think so, but that's separate debate. Jobs wasn't a Satanist, and he seems very compulsive and illogical at various times in his life. So? Not all rich people are Satanists, and not all Satanists are rich. Does that mean they're not content, or maybe they have just reasons to be angry and bitter? 




 I pay for people I can easily manage and dispose of all the time. 




  "Rational self interest", actually. Use your head and your own creativity. Figure it out. Peter Gilmore in the Satanic Scriptures actually goes into the scenario of living as a Satanist in a Nazi-like totalitarian regime and how one can go about that. Work it from within, and when you have the chance or desire, overthrow it, Might becomes Right. Or work way into it and become part of the ruling party. Find the third-side.  




 In essence, yes, you would now be operating outside of Satanic ideals. Does that mean you should or shouldn't do those things? That's up to you, but those are you own conclusions. 




 His conclusions are very logical, actually. If you take Satanism to its logical conclusions it demands that you are in complete control of your capacities and are a master of carnal materialism. Notice his choice of words, which he was very careful about... "true", "ideal"... he's talking about the Satanic philosophy in its logical, ideal form. Now, are all Satanists adhering to "ideal" Satanism at all times? No, not at all. Heck, I'd even say that LaVey himself had his missteps and faults. Blasphemy! But he lays out exactly what his Satanic philosophy and religion does and does not entail and the ideals it upholds. It's up to each individual Satanist to decide on how they want to approach their own situations, be it medical or recreational, but do not try to justify all their decisions with Satanism, because that's not going to always work. 




 Paying for slaves is an age-old tradition, isn't it? There will always be people who you could call worthless to their faces and will continue to grovel before you. LaVey has uses for them, and often referred to them as "House Masochists", or useful idiots. 




 I think you're confusing LaVey using and manipulating hippies for his own purposes with "hanging out". 




 I still enjoy some of his work but do not agree with much of what he believes in.  




 Satanism. 




 In an interview with Fox News he brushed it off as a phase he went through. 




 If a musician or artist wants to use drugs to help their creativity, then great, but that's not Satanic. And a Satanist could enjoy that art or music, but all that means is we're enjoying the products of that artist, hence they are serving as entertainment. Not everything needs to be Satanic, but it's important to understand what is and is not part of the philosophy.  




 He didn't "hang out" with Manson's groupies. You must be talking about Susan Atkins. Again, she was a slave and LaVey used her for what she was worth, eye candy. The only thing LaVey liked about Manson was that he killed hippie culture and put an gravestone end to the 60's.

"It was during this public prankish period that Anton held his Topless Witches Review at a San Francisco nightspot in North Beach. One of the girls he hired to emerge menacingly from her coffin as a vampire was Susan Atkins. Atkins was not yet involved with Charles Manson and it would be two years until she committed the murders in Sharon Tates Benedict Canyon home, licking the blood from her fingers after the deed. But in her post-conversion expose, Child of Satan, Child of God, Atkins indicts LaVey as the catalyst for her downfall. Anton remembers her as just another Haight Street burnout, perhaps a bit more drug-befuddled than some. Shed beg off rehearsals, saying she had a fever of 108. But in the end she made a fine vampire." - Secret Life of a Satanist 




 He later rejected it and dismissed it as a phase. 




 LaVey was alive in the 80's and was greatly amused by the chaos of the drugs war. In more or less words, "they had it coming".  




 Exceptional people are just that, exceptional. For every Steve Jobs there are thousands of slaves, he just became a master of them. 




 LaVey, a bonafide hippie basher:  
1969: On August 8th, LaVey conducts a Hippie Ritual at the Church of Satan in which he bitterly curses the psychedelic vermin infesting the world. He calls for a purge to relegate the slaves to the pens in which they belong, catalyzing a new era of Satanic awareness. - Secret Life of a Satanist, Church of Satan documents.

And no, the "drug policy" is not just about hard drugs. Here is LaVey's directly addressing his thoughts on pot in specific:  
"The fact that I do not agree with the currently popular hypothesis that marijuana is harmless (some say beneficial) is of little relevance here, for my general lack of sympathy for "martyred" pot devotees is actually a result of another of my "weird" or "crackpot" notions - that one should refrain from flouting the laws of his society, even if he considers some of them as repressive or unwarranted. So much for legal technicalities." - Letters from the Devil, 1972 




 You can believe whatever you want to convince yourself to believe, but LaVey did not do drugs or tolerate people who did.  
"And then came the final flowering of the Drone: Hippies  the final de-evolution of man, to LaVeys mind  completely androgynous, convinced they were rebels against society (all 50,000,000 of them), and so zonked out on drugs they could no longer think for themselves or question anything that was fed to them (while they were all convinced of their individuality and uniqueness). What better way to make people vulnerable to attack than to pump mind-blowing drugs into them?" - Secret Life of a Satanist 




 Your assumption about the COS in the Sixties cannot be more wrong. One of the **reasons** behind LaVey starting Satanism and the Church of Satan was the mark the death to Hippie culture. He hated hippies and drug culture with incredible passion. LaVey did *not* hang out with hippies, it's been well documented (source: Randall Alfred, Burton Wolfe, various interviews) that LaVey kicked out marijuana-smokers, and a lot of the hippies in the San Fran area actually thought LaVey and the COS were way too conservative. The people who formed the early COS were lawyers, politicians, journalists, police officers, local judges, doctors... not a bunch of dudes in tie dye.   

The anti-drug policy **is not PR**. It is core to the Satanic philosophy. Over and over and over since the 60's LaVey has stated how much he rejects drugs and drug culture, how much it is anti-Satanic,  how drugs are only useful for slaves. How much clearer can it be? This is nothing new, this has been on of the most consistent and plain as day fundamentals of Satanism.  




 Atheism is not a religion. One can be an atheist and still have a religion. Most Buddhists are atheists. Atheism means you do not believe in gods, that's all. That is a small, but important part of Satanism. On top of that are a series of dogmas, rituals, aesthetics, shared cultural values, holidays, symbols, metaphors, and philosophy. That's what makes Satanism an atheistic religion.
  
 




 Is it acceptable in Satanism? No. Why are you looking for acceptance? See my quote above. Do what you want in private, but there's no justification for it under Satanism. 




 "Since there has much misinformation regarding the supposed use of drugs in Satanic ritual, clarification on that point is in order. The Church of Satan actively discourages the use of mind-altering (or behavior-influencing) drugs and the reliance upon physical or mental crutches of any sort. The "ideal" Satanist is a master and manipulator, and he takes a dim view of all devices that impair or weaken the excellence of the human mind. No drugs of any type are permitted at church functions. If you, as a "private" Satanist wish to use drugs, that is your prerogative, but you should also realize that such practice is antithetical to true Satanism". - Anton LaVey
 




 Also, if you're trying to achieve spirituality then you definitely need to look for some other religion, Satanism is not for you. 




 The point of Satanism is independence, having control of the material world, and *rational self-interest*, not "do whatever you want". Stop trying to justify your drug use through Satanism. If you want to partake in those substances, go ahead no one is stopping you, but don't use Satanism as the crutch to lay your guilt on. 




 That much, I can agree with. 




 Yes, and there are groups fighting it in various ways:

http://www.patheos.com/blogs/templeofthefuture/2014/05/secularism-is-the-best-response-to-greece-vs-galloway/

http://humanist-society.org/invocations/apply/ 




 Again, if you push the religion angle hoping they'll cave to stupid pranks, think again:  

Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes, in dissent in U.S. v. Macintosh (1931), suggested a semifunctional approach when he said, The essence of religion is belief in a relation to God involving duties superior to those arising from any human relation.  

http://www.firstamendmentcenter.org/madison/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/vol5ch6.pdf   




 I am involved in the political process, at least in terms of support of a particular cause. I've given hundreds of dollars to secular organizations that fight for the separation of church and state. I don't expect people to lay down, I expect them to play it smart, don't take the bait and play up the religion card. These legislators aren't stupid, once a legal precedent is set to allow prayers, all you are asking for next is legislation that defines what religions are and are not allowed to participate. 














 http://www.churchofsatan.com/eleven-rules-of-earth.php.  
**1. Do not give opinions or advice unless you are asked.**  

Yes, going out of the way and sticking your nose in other peoples business to be the Good Guy contradicts Satanism. 

You are jumping to some dubious conclusions by branding this as a case of sexual degradation. Are women helpless children that need to be protected and looked after? Maybe they like or don't care that they're dating a sleazey guy. Let them make their own decisions and mistakes. If 
you have a personal issue and it's your home then kick the guy out or confront him. But that should be because you don't want to deal with bullshit drama.  

Edit: You come to this sub immediately claiming ignorance ([which could have been resolved with a simple Google search](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=satanism)), you take a pot shot at LaVey, and then another potshot at the philosophy. Not a good look. 




 And you're correct, they will see that accommodating "diversity" is costly, and under the guise of fiscal prudence they will determine what is "reasonable". 




 And here's the rub: **"reasonable efforts to identify"**  

The religious conservatives have this planned, the next step is to determine what is "reasonable", and now you have state sanctioned religions. 




 [Secular Invocations](http://humanist-society.org/invocations/)   
[Apply to give secular invocations] (http://humanist-society.org/invocations/apply/)   

[CFI on the issue](http://www.centerforinquiry.net/newsroom/scotus_greece_decision/)  

The point is, whatever one chooses to do it should be done in the name of secularism, not Satanism or any religion. To attack this issue as a Satanist (demanding Satanic prayers, etc.) only reaffirms the position of allowing **any** religious observation, and which then brings in the question of what defines religion.  




 I knew there was a deeper reason why I liked this game so much. 




 "The Supreme Court has again affirmed that Americans are free to pray," said Defending Freedom Senior Counsel David Cortman. In America, we tolerate a diversity of opinions and beliefs; we don't silence people or try to separate what they say from what they believe. Opening public meetings with prayer is a cherished freedom that the authors of the Constitution themselves practiced. Speech censors should have no power to silence volunteers who pray for their communities just as the Founders did."  

And this is my problem with "satanic" monuments and prayers in school. Advocates are playing the game and took the bait. Courts are weakening their secular stances, and all it takes is a religious fundamental push and we'll have a system that then defines what is or isn't a religion, and you can bet there will be a list of state-sanctioned religions. You can see this playing out now with judges arguing that religions need to have spiritual significance in order to be considered a religion by the state. 




 Crowley didn't have a mustache... but maybe that's your poorly written point? Also, "Do what thou wilt" is not a Satanic motto, that's Thelema. But to the point... were you asked for your opinion or help? Why do you care? Do you feel the need to get a Good Guy Badge and be the white knight?  




 Here's Peter Gilmore on what Satanic Magic can mean to the those not ritually inclined:  

"So to be a master of magic, toss out those musty grimoires, unless theyre printed 
by Chilton. Pick some field and become an advanced practitioner. Be a writer, pastry chef, seamstress, flower arranger, plumber, sculptor, carpenter, photographer, upholsterer, electrician, pilot, beautician, steelworker, medic, whatever you have an affinity for. Youll amaze those around you, gain their respect and envy, achieve material success and you wont even have to say Shemhamforash in public. The better you are, the more Satanic youll be, a member of the true elite of the able. The sheep will be so dazzled that they wont even notice the Baphomet around your neckif you choose to wear it. But when they do, theyll certainly think theres something to it because of your position of achievement in the mundane world. We not only rejoice in the fleshy life, we are masters of it. That is Satanic magic." 




 You should absolutely be skeptical and inquisitive, but no need to throw the baby out with the bathwater.  




 "Satanic women don't want to gain their strength by castrating men, or by making themselves out as victims. Whether they're providing healing and inspiration to those under their roofs, cracking the whip in corporate circles, managing their own home-based businesses or maneuvering whatever they need to survive, all are applying and increasing their power - not whining about why they don't have any! We don't need "feminism" on our sleeve as our primary identity. We have our identity as Satanists. Satanic women are fierce; fierce defenders of their men, of their children, of their ideas and values. Wiccans understand the female archetype in a completely different way than Satanists do. We know that Woman is Nature - Darwinian law as well as peaceful, awe-inspiring sunsets. Women can be conniving and ruthless, plotting and vengeful. "Mother Nature" isn't loving and all-embracing. She's selective, cruel and unyielding." - Blanche Barton  




 Satanism is pragmatic, and realistic. To ignore the power of seduction, or to think that you can transcend the need for it, is naive. Do you "need" to use seduction in all facets of life? No, but to say you have no need for it ever just handicaps you. For a female perspective here are various Satanic Witches on the issues of feminism, seduction, and their roles as women and Satanists:   

Blanche Barton article on Satanic Feminism: http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanic-feminism.php   

Blanche Barton 9sense interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXEi6MeMzVU  

Peggy Nadramia 9sense interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7Usb_cyH0k

Erin Cassavaugh 9sense interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeIC0qlmNhI   

Jessie 9sense interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdpA_NJfcEI   

 




 Barbara Ehrenreich is a prominent atheist who's open to the idea of some kind of mysticism. FYI I do not agree with some of conclusions (that there may be some kind of unified mind/consciousness) but she does push the idea that one can be godless but try to reconcile some kind of materialistic mysticism.   

Here's her interview on the Point of Inquiry podcast: http://www.pointofinquiry.org/living_with_a_wild_god_barbara_ehrenreich_atheism_and_transcendence/  
 




 Atheist: person who disbelieves or lacks belief in the existence of God or gods.  

That's all. Many Buddhist are atheists, but they also believe in the supernatural. Within the Satanic framework, there MAY be some aspects of the human mind and within nature that some may consider to be "magical", but his *does not* necessitate in the belief in gods, demons, spirits, or anything supernatural. Satanism is a materialistic religion, so such experiences or observations should be recognized as being "carnal", of this world, and what some Satanists call "supernormal". 




 And that's fine. There are plenty of Satanists who have little to no interest in magic and are comfortable and confident enough to disagree and life their own lives accordingly. 




 Here's a helpful interview on Adam Campbell's 9sense podcast with Magister Nemo on Greater Magic and Satanism: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCcYWmeSkCI 




 "What does Satanism mean to you?" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0 




 I'd like to post this to my Twitter feed, how may I credit you? Do you have a blog/page/etc.? https://twitter.com/InvisibleWar 









 I haven't read the original TDA it myself so I can't say for certain, but it's my understanding that this reprint (The Black Pope) revoked a lot of the material from the original. I did read through the Black Pope and it felt like Wolfe had a thick ax to grind with LaVey, even though he does note his historical importance. Wolfe's "new findings" are questionable at best, and often got basic facts wrong. TSLoaS is Blanche Barton's biography of LaVey, so there's a certain adoration in the style, but she did her homework and it shows. Writer Kenaz Filan is working on an extensive biography of LaVey, which you can follow at his blog here: http://kenazfilan.blogspot.com/search/label/satanism 




 The [author reprinted the book and Amazon lists it for about $15](http://www.amazon.com/The-Black-Pope-Devils-Avenger/dp/149483491X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1398876348 sr=8-1 keywords=the+black+pope+devils). 




 Check your inbox. 




 Sounds like you have tokens filled with fond memories and security. Go with it. 









 All depends on the emotional attachment you have to these items. A pocket knife that once belonged to a dear friend or a hiking staff that supported you when you were physically spent or hurt would be worth many times more than any "occult" commodity. 









 Magus Gilmore: http://hpoelzig.tumblr.com/  
Kevin Slaughter: http://kevinislaughter.tumblr.com/  
COOP: http://positiveape.tumblr.com/ (NSFW, mostly his photography and drawings)  
Lamar Gabriel http://theramblingsoflamargabriel.wordpress.com/  
Vexen Crabtree: http://www.dpjs.co.uk/  
Benjamin DeCasseres project by Kevin I. Slaughter http://www.benjamindecasseres.com/   




 Some YouTube channels:  
Church of Satan: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCdWlbB0TB58FSquop3Sc2w  
Underworld Amusements: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrWyxkUREyFOHzCAXZbpKAA  
9sense: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0Waap5wQfJ7uVBVSg3Rn_Q   




 I very rarely eat potato chips and always go with popcorn or Pirate's Booty puffs if available! 




 Depends on the situation. I am both an Atheist and a Satanist, I will divulge one or the other, or none, depending on the circumstances.  




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=satanic+rituals+lavey 




 What would you gain from initiating such a debate? Do you think you'd actually "win someone over"? Would you want to? I doubt anything productive would come about this kind of constant confrontation. Apply the Satanic Golden Rule: "Do unto others as they do unto you". If they're leaving you alone, let them go about their business. If someone is trying to force their ideals on to you, then go for it. 




 It looks like it's a cheap reprint, see this: Publisher: CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform (April 1, 2014).   

CreateSpace is an Amazon company that allows authors to publish cheap prints.  




 "Priests" and "churches" existed long before Christianity, and they will long after. We use these terms with secular connotations, our priests are artists, scientists, engineers, writers, entrepreneurs... masters of the material world. Our church is a network of people with common cultural interests.  




 If you want something to hold you over I *highly* recommend getting [Letters From the Devil: The Lost Writing of Anton Szandor LaVey](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0557431735/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8 camp=1789 creative=390957 creativeASIN=0557431735 linkCode=as2 tag=underwoamusem-20). So many questions and issues brought up on this reddit sub are similar to the letters written to LaVey in the early days of the Church of Satan. I've often referred to this book in response to questions here. You get a clear picture of his sense of humor, practicality, and sense of understanding of the human animal. 




 Blanche Barton has a new, expanded edition in the works. Last I heard she's in the publishing stage. It's certainly a book worth reading but would hold off unless you're looking to collect an early edition. 




 Agreed. It's a common potshot against Satanists to say we're all going for the film noir, LaVey look, or trying to be a shock rocker. I think some young Satanists pick up on that look at first, attracted to the image. They usually soon out grow that, or drop Satanism all together when they discover that no else is impressed by playing look-a-like and the shock turns to schlock.   
Aesthetics should also be take context into consideration. If we're doing a ritual or ceremony using symbols from a 1940's movie, then yes you'll see Satanists dressed the part, otherwise they'd ruin the Total Environment.  




 What I'm getting at with all these photo links of other Satanists is that the "Satanic look" is a personal application of each individual. A Satanist recognizes archetypes and does not shy away from using them to his or her advantage, knowing the power of aesthetics. Some of the most successful Satanists that I know very rarely wear their Sigils of Baphomet out in everyday life, but if you take a peek at their work, presentation, and life philosophies you should be able to pick up a few hints of the diabolical.  




 For a more punk rock taste, there's Tibbie X-Kamikaze, of influential NY Punk bands Reagan Youth and X-Possibles.

Nice screenshot of [Satanic witches Tibbie X and Marilyn Mansfield](https://scontent-a-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash2/t1.0-9/31039_393318368852_2353442_n.jpg) from the [X-Possibles: Mr. know-it-All music video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL1d0Jvy8Ns).   

[One of my favorites of her](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-_vI3J-nigKE/UVia17MQXPI/AAAAAAAAADU/5pQXHjf_dmE/w366-h550-no/IMG_3799.jpg)  

More on her [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TibbieX) and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Tibbie.X) pages
 




 Recent photo and bio for the High Priestess of the Church of Satan, Peggy Nadramia.

http://cocktailvultures.com/2011/12/21/peggy-nadramia-writer-editor-publisher-tikiphile-and-cocktailian/ 




 Here's a photo and bio of another one of my favorite Satanists, Sean Bonner http://magazine.good.is/articles/good-100-meet-sean-bonner-measuring-air-quality

"Sean Bonner has a hard time explaining what he does. An activist, entrepreneur, journalist, and enthusiast, he has worn enough hats to open a haberdashery. Bonner has been a Senior Designer at Playboy, and the Creative Director of Victory Records; he is the founder of Coffee Common, a customer education brand, and Crash Space, a hackerspace in Los Angeles.   

Bonner has organized conferences and unconferences including the first BarCamp in Los Angeles and The New Context Conference in Tokyo. But wait! Theres more! Bonner recently launched the clothing line Burn In Hell A and is part of the multimedia art and music collective Cross My Heart Hope to Die. He has been a regular contributor to BoingBoing and has written editorials for MAKE and Al Jazeera, among others.
 
His current project, Safecast, is a global sensor network that has been measuring radiation levels in Japan. Safecast will be looking for volunteers in Los Angeles, expanding their citizen-driven data collection to log air-quality information. Volunteers will be taking measurements by placing air quality-logging devices outside people's homes, expanding to other cities as kinks are worked out." 




 The "Satanic" aspects of our wedding were in the metaphors and symbols we used. People "in the know" picked up on it, but everyone else didn't have a clue and thought it was just an atheist wedding. We married on April 30th, Walpurgisnacht, on a cliff-side at sundown. The day celebrates the arrival of spring, so as the sun set on one chapter of our lives, a new one awaits. We started the ceremony with a reading from Goethe's Faust that calls out people's fear of superstitions and the unknown:  
Who fears today  
His rites to pay,  
Deserves his chains to wear.  
The forest's free!  
This wood take we,  
And straight a pile prepare!  
Yet in the wood  
To stay 'tis good  
By day, till all is still,  
With watchers all around us plac'd  
Protecting you from ill.  
With courage fresh, then let us haste  
Our duties to fulfil.  
The poem describes a party who are taking refuge in the woods on this night. They send out guards dressed like ghosts to scare away their attackers, using their own foolish superstitions against them. 
























 Handle that however you want, just don't try to lean on some crutch that your approach is supported by LaVey's teachings, it isn't. He had a lot less tolerance than anyone here towards "theists" or people claiming some other brand or origin of Satanism, especially in his later years. He even spelled it out in Satan Speaks: "The only person in recorded history to codify Satanism into an applicable religion is Anton Szandor LaVey."

He chose his words carefully (codify, applicable, religion, recorded).  




 He didn't, 17th on the list. 




 What are you talking about in regards to what LaVey taught? Because it's clear that he championed intelligent discrimination, stratification, calling spades spades, and equal parts love and hate. He was not for Satanic "brotherly love" and detested the idea of giving people respect just because they take the Devils name. He learned in the early years of the Church of Satan that his material attracts a fair amount of kooks and losers, so he focused on stratification and letting water seek its own level.  




 No. 




 You know there are professionals who can help you fulfill your masochistic needs.  









 What do you want out of being a registered member? Are you working on any projects that would benefit from collaboration with other like minded people? Some people join because they feel like they agree with the ideas that the COS promotes and would like to see that continue and don't do anything else. Other people join so they could network. Others join because they want to spook their friends and have $200 to blow. I joined because I respected the work of several COS members that I knew for years and wanted to show my gratitude to an organization that helped them flourish and orchestrated productive relationships between creative people.  




 A membership to the Church of Satan is actually a pretty lousy gift. This should be something an individual themselves deems worth their time and resources because they believe they can benefit from joining.   


The 600 Club is not a Church of Satan board and has no relationship with the Church of Satan. I guess some members can go on there and organize things but that's not at all representative of the activity of the Church of Satan. The membership package also included contact info with the COS and encouraged members who wished to be active with the organization to communicate their activities and accomplishments with the COS. We operate several communication channels that are not open to the public. 

Again, if you do not feel you would benefit from networking with other like minded individuals who have gone through a kind of clearing house then do not join. Are you going to get along just great with every Church of Satan member? Most likely not. I would be suspicious of anyone who does. But you get what you bring into it.  




 Sorry this isn't in the price range of some factory churned ICP blacklight poster. If that's more your liking Spencer's got you covered. If you want an individually handcrafted piece of decor for your ritual chamber or den of iniquity, then consider this. I somehow doubt this is going to show up in Ikea. 




 And yes, there may be some Satanists who believe in some sort of afterlife, but does not mean it's a Satanic ideal. I would say that's a flaw in their character. I would subscribe that to some other aspect of their personality that they themselves would have to deal with. Just because a person is into Satanism it does not mean that everything else they believe in is Satanic. 




 LaVey made it clear that he did not believe in any afterlife other than living on in the memories of people he's influenced. Satanism views death as "the great abstinence"; a total void of carnal pleasure. You are worm food. So the Satanic philosophy centers around living this life to the fullest. From the Book of Satan in the Satanic Bible: Life is the great indulgence - death, the great abstinence. Therefore, make the most of life - HERE AND NOW! 




 Many of the Satanists I know don't really care for metal. While not exactly emo or pop punk, you might be into Boysetsfire, who's frontman Nathan Gray is a well regarded member of the Church of Satan. [See his interview with Fire Alive](http://www.firealive.it/i-am-heresy-interview-with-nathan-gray/).  

[Here's a Disinfo post](http://disinfo.com/2014/10/hail-satan-way/) about several Church of Satan members who are doing music other than metal.  




 LaVey wrote a whole book on it. [The Satanic Witch](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0922915849/churchofsatan) is useful for both sexes and includes an extensive suggested reading list that should be seriously considered by anyone interested in delving into Deep Satanism. 









 Here are some resources from Church of Satan members

History of the Enochian Keys: http://youtu.be/t5hcGOpLME4?t=1h12m6s

On Magical Languages: http://unorthodoxyblog.wordpress.com/2014/09/29/eposide-ii-is-here-lucid-dreaming-and-secret-languages/ 




 I sure do, and most Satanists I know do as well, Yuletide at least. Many of us exchange gifts and cards. I decorate my home every year with a tree and plenty of presents for my wife and cat.  




 Nikolas Schreck is not a great representation of Satanism. He was reluctantly tolerated by LaVey because of his relationship with Zeena but LaVey himself kept his distance and never supported any of his antics. He quickly renounced Satanism when LaVey refused to hand over the Church of Satan to him and Zeena and they both "magically" became Setian. 

LaVey hated Manson and wrote at great length about how he was a moronic criminal. I get that certain Satanists, especially in the 80's, where attracted to him as some kind of counter culture icon, but Manson has nothing to do with Satanism. 




 Shit happens, I get it. But makes it hard to take them seriously when they're talking about being in personal communication with all powerful dark forces and being some stellar master elite who takes the bus home. 




 Ihsahn of Emperor, Garm of Ulver, Dave Ingram of Benediction/Bolt Thrower are the only "metal" artists that really portray Satanism in any meaningful way, in my opinion.  

Having spent about 10 years in the "trve kvlt" Black Metal scene as a promoter I say I'm not at all impressed with these guys, Watain included. They talk about being in tune with dark gods but when push comes to shove they call their parents for help with money, puke when they drink too much cheap beer, and hang out with scumbags for drugs. 




 Funny how people who get hung up on this tend to be people who need some kind of identity or validation. Be responsible for your own actions and get over it.   














 That's pretty funny, because one of the biggest and most common criticisms of Gilmore is that he diverted too far from LaVey. Even Boyd, who I've spoken to personally, makes this claim (that Gilmore is too rationalist). If you actually read anything Gilmore has put out, you'll see that he actually lays out in very specific ways that he has expanded on LaVey's writings, and may even disagree or downplay certain aspects of LaVey.  

All it takes is a bit of third-grade critical reading comprehension to grasp that, but you know... tl;dr for some I guess...

And I'm not sure what you mean by "positive". If by "positive" you mean remain stagnant or bend to every contracting whim of every naysayer, then yes the CoS hasn't been very "positive". 

And yes, this book is by Blanche Barton, it says that pretty clearly in every associated link and description. Big whoop. Welcome to the world of biographies, where it's pretty common knowledge that most, some would say all, biographies are biased and subjective. It's up to the reader to analyse the material with a critical mind, look for sources if something is in question, and come to their own conclusions. 




 If you want some academic resources I recommend the work of Cimminnee Holt. She's done a great deal of research with the history of Satanism and the Church of Satan.  http://www.academia.edu/2540808/2012._Satanists_and_Scholars_A_Historiographic_Overview_and_Critique_of_Scholarship_on_Religious_Satanism_Masters_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University 




 Would be a funny situation but no, the Church of Satan is not a charity.  




 From looking at the pre-release videos (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od0dg2mC93c) I can't say that this lives up to the promise in the interview. Looks like a SC2 clone... standard build-order/production obsessed gameplay. Kane's Wrath will continue to stay installed I guess. 









 Just about every thread about Satanic magic seems to me to be answered appropriately. The problem might be that some people aren't happy with the answers. What kind of questions would you have form someone "inside the church itself"?  




 Sigh... yeah it was up and then it got taken down. We're getting DDoS attacks from what we believe to be Islamic fundamentalists. 




 The website is back up :) 




 The COS site is down for some maintenance, I'll let you know as soon as it's back up. 




 Recently listened to: Chelsea Wolfe,  King Dude, Sleep Research Facility, Sol Invictus, Waldteufel, Cult of Youth, Sutekh Hexen, First Aid Kit, Phantogram, Grimes, Purity Ring, Martin Denny, WIFE, Altar of Plagues, Burial, Cold Cave, oOoOO, Tokimonsta, Ulver. 

Yes. 




 Anton LaVey answers this fairly directly in the essay "Get a Life" in Satan Speaks.

"As far as I'm concerned, I would like my organization, the Church of Satan, to exist as a cabal for the mutual endowment of those already occupied with the interests and activities other than organizational. I have often stated that I like to think of the Church of Satan as an organization for non-joiners. Affiliation need not negate independence. Affiliation should be based on respect, rather than desperation. Respect for a set of principles and for other men and women who share those principles, yet who are not dependent on an organization to give substance to their lives. The obvious question arises: "Why then, would such persons need a Church of Satan?" The answer is, "They don't, unless it can do them some good." Affiliation should enhance one's life, rather than be a substitute for it."

So take a look at the [Church of Satan's news feed](http://news.churchofsatan.com/) or read interviews with our open members and see if they're doing things that interest you or would benefit you. Maybe you're in a band that's looking for other like-minded bands to book a show with. Maybe you're a photographer looking for models, or a model looking for a photographer who shares a similar aesthetic. Maybe you're a writer looking to get published in a magazine, book, or online publication. Maybe you're a DJ or podcast producer and want to get on [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/). Figure out what you want to do with your life and see if joining an organization with like-minded people would help you achieve those goals. Otherwise, don't join. That doesn't disqualify you from being a Satanist.  




 "Fuck this, I'm gonna do what I want and spit in the face of anyone who claims otherwise. I'm gonna live my life and fight for survival despite whether anyone likes it or not."  

That doesn't sound like a weak statement. To LaVey strength was the will to live, to suck the marrow from the bone of life.   

You have to understand the context of which he made this statement, right in the middle of the 60's hippie movement. He rejected all this passivity, this willingness to just "drop out" and become a slave to drugs, pop culture, and unconditional brotherly love. The popular idea that this fleshy life is just a staging ground for a great psychedelic afterlife or karmic reincarnation.   

He's using bombastic language, he's trying to smash people with a sledge hammer to wake them up. In my opinion, his only fault in the early days was that he had too much optimism.   

In any case, depression can be a challenging condition, one that some people aren't able to control even if they willed it. It sounds like you're doing your best to gather your strength to overcome it and barrel through life. If you had sick or ill people in your family that you cared about, then yes you should take care of them if you want. That's your prerogative, your decision to make. What Satanism rejects is the idea that we should care for everyone, love everyone equally, whether they be friend, family, stranger, or foe. You be the judge of people's character, their strength in will for life. 









 LaVey respected animals more so than most humans because they were in tune with their natural instincts, without hypocrisy. "I wouldn't squash a spider, but I could kill a human being. A spider is being the best spider he can be. He's fulfilling his purpose as a spider. He meshes perfectly with nature's overall scheme. Nothing in nature is wasted. and I can't say the same thing about people." (from Answer Me! Issue 2).  

This idea that Satanism means "do whatever you want, you are your own God" is inaccurate. Satanism champions **rational** self-interest. If you actually read all of the Satanic Bible you'll see that LaVey often comes back to balancing indulgence, avoiding compulsions, and respecting children (natural magicians) and animals.   




 http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php

http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php

Interview with High Priest Peter H. Gilmore:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkmuV5R_O6g

Short interview with various COS members, What Does Satanism Mean to You?  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0

A more advanced analysis of the Satanic philosophy:   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpI_TvJXc84 




 A more appropriate Satanic motto would be "Cui bono", or "to whose benefit?" 




 That's another application that LaVey thought would be a productive use of AHC's.  




 This stems from the Satanic view that most people are emotionally, physically, and mentally draining. LaVey envisioned a future where androids will be made available and will allow the Satanist to custom tailor the beings that can met their high standards in terms of personality, aesthetic, and stimulation, all within the privacy of their own homes (preferably Total Environments). The idea came about after LaVey customized his own amateur effigies in the 60's and set them up in his Den of Iniquity. LaVey's creations were not "beautiful people", but they were flawed people who experienced the full breadth of life. 

I suggest watching the documentary "Speak of the Devil", in which LaVey speaks about his Artificial Human Companions and you get a good look at a few of them.
https://educatedratbag.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/lavey1.png

Today the Church of Satan has members who are active in the fields of robotics, animatronics, artificial intelligence, video game development, and custom dolls.  









 Fine by me. 




 Good luck and thank you for your honesty. 









 Send me a private message. I'm a Reverend in the Church of Satan and defend the idea that LaVey's philsophy is a modern religion. 





























 ASP Apparel has a variety of color options for shirts, polos, button downs, ties, etc. http://aspapparel.com/ 
























 I personally consider myself to be a libertarian/anarco-capitalist, with some technocratic leanings in practice. 




 As it's been said already, no the Church of Satan is not a political organization. High Priest Peter Gilmore recently did an interview with a writer for the Daily Dot on this specific topic: http://gregstevens.name/2014/08/11/church-satan-paradox-individualist-religion/

"Political issues are thus the province of each member, and weve noticed that choices beyond embracing the fundamental tenets of Satanism can be widely divergent amongst them. Thus, by design, the Church of Satan may not claim to speak or act for all of its members on political topics. It is not a collective, but instead a cabal of many with diverse pursuits, and so to understand it one must observe the doings of its members. That is difficult since many are not open about their affiliation so, like an iceberg, only a small percentage is publicly visible, as was mandated by our founder.

We have numerous members who are activists in various spheres that they find to be of personal interest and benefit. Satanism empowers Satanists to be the center of their own subjective universe, their own gods so to speak, so it is their personal values and desires motivating their activism or any other pursuits, not Satanism itself.

It is important to note that Satanism is not a cause, rather it is a set of principles that serve as a tool for each Satanist to get the most out of life. So activism in the name of Satanism is meaningless, since there is nothing that can stop one from employing the principles of Satanism as a personal tool for survival and prosperity. The fundamental concepts of Satanism support the individual Satanists desire to be politically active towards goals that enhance his or her values." 




 Satanism is about rational self-interest. Is "Fuck you, I got mine" a valid Satanic principle? Not necessarily. That kind of attitude isn't going to get you very far in most situations, and ostracize you in most in counter productive way. One can be self-interested and still care about other people, and be empathetic. Satanic morality is most in line with the Epicurian moral logic: http://wiki.epicurus.info/Morality

 




 "Priest" or "Reverend" is a title of honor given to individuals by the High Priest of the Church of Satan. It means that you have demonstrated a mastery of the Satanic philosophy, applied it successfully in the real world, and are granted authority to represent the religion and organization to the media.  

That said, you are not required to do anything, you just have the authority to be a spokesperson if you so wish. Priests and Reverends can be artists, musicians, writers, performers, entrepreneurs, engineers, lawyers, doctors, etc. Just continue doing what you were doing that got you the recognition, nothing more. You cannot apply or request to be a Priest/Reverend, it's purely based on merit.  

Shaving your head is not related to Satanism directly. Anton LaVey shaved his head for a ritual celebration, but that was his own decision and his own aesthetic choice. Most Satanists I know do not have shaved heads. [I know I don't](https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t1.0-9/10330465_791424017535831_8275165441846870201_n.jpg).


More information the titles and hierarchy of the Church of Satan here:
http://www.churchofsatan.com/hierarchy.php 




 Yes it's from the Satanic Witch. What I meant to say that the implication that drugs are fine if not being used for magic is incorrect in the context of the rest of the essay. He's essentially saying, if you want to be serious about witchcraft, don't do drugs. If you want to play make-believe, have at it, but you're not fooling anyone worthwhile. 




 Wrong. You are referring to the essay "The Drug Scene":

"Combine the effects of drugs with the search for a religion to supplant one which has never held much meaning, and you will arrive at a need to believe, which is strengthened by readily obtainable miracles which can ultimately fulfill that need.  
 
Hence, an unswerving faith in magic can be readily manufactured even as it was accomplished by the same means by the shamans of primitive societies but not a proficiency in the practice of magic.  

If you are to be a successful witch, faith helps, but it takes a good deal more. If, however, you do not plan on practicing witchcraft but only believing in it, use all the drugs you like."

He's saying that drug use hinders *doing* witchcraft, since you need to be in complete control of your focuses and senses to be a successful witch. But some people don't care to practice actual witchcraft, only want to *believe* they are, so they use drugs. He's also not referring to Satanist in particular, but occultists in general. He's dismissing these people here, not endorsing.

"Let me state categorically at this point that drugs are antithetical to the practice of magic, as they tend to disassociate the user from reality, even though he oftentimes thinks himself closer. It is true that many drugs expand the consciousness, but, in so doing, they make it much more difficult for a person to become selective in thoughts and motivations. In magic, it is imperative that one be able to narrow down his various awareness to one compelling desire towards which a ritual is performed. When the use of drugs has allowed the mind to run rampant over such "narrow-minded" traits, something very meaningful is lost." 




 That's exactly LaVey's problem with drug culture. From Secret Life of a Satanist: "And then came the final flowering of the Drone: Hippies  the final de-evolution of man, to LaVeys mind  completely
androgynous, convinced they were rebels against society (all 50,000,000 of them), and so zonked out on drugs they could no
longer think for themselves or question anything that was fed to them (while they were all convinced of their individuality
and uniqueness). What better way to make people vulnerable to attack than to pump mind-blowing drugs into them? People
in the 30s and 40s generally werent as gullible. They werent very sophisticated  they hadnt been exposed to a lot of
things. Now everyones sophisticated and smart  but much more gullible and naive than they were 40 years ago." 




 No, it was not a ploy to receive more credibility. LaVey was 100% against illegal drug use, especially of psychedelics. In certain interviews he pushed it further, even IF certain drugs were made legal, he would still oppose its use.  




 First of all, the Church of Satan decides who they let into their organization, not you and your guesstimates on what you think we'd consider.   

Secondly, I've seen first hand the kind of applicants the Church of Satan receives. Do we care if you're battling depression or trauma? Not necessarily. Was Robin Williams a Satanist? No. Does that mean a Satanist, or LaVey himself, can't appreciate his contributions? Absolutely not.   

Lastly, go away. 




 Haha! Even [ISIS fighters are chiming in!](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722878/Bizarre-Twitter-outburst-ISIS-fighters-reveal-love-late-Robin-Williams-blockbuster-hit-Jumanji.html) 














 From the Church of Satan FAQ: http://churchofsatan.com/faq-symbols-and-symbolism.php

"For we Satanists, numbers are just numbers. We are amused by Christians who are superstitiously afraid of this number. And since we enjoy mocking irrationality in all its forms, we might use it to tease Christians, to show them how foolish it is to fear it.

Historically, 666 is the name of Emperor Nero reduced to its numerological value through Hebrew Gematria. In the New Testament it is referred to as the number of the beast. Satanists think this is quaint, but of no real value except for a record of the lengths people will go to force significance where none exists, objectively speaking.

So 666 is not part of Satanism per se, but since the public consciousness of it these days is as a Christian symbol of the Antichrist, we are happy to have addresses or phone numbers which include it as it stirs Christians to reactions which entertain us." 









 Hedonism tends to be compulsive, a constant search for maximum pleasure. Satanism leans towards Epicureanism, which focuses on a lack of pain/discomfort (see LaVey's comments on Catism). If you want a deeper analysis of this, I highly recommend picking up [The Devil and Philosophy: The Nature of His Game](http://www.amazon.com/Devil-Philosophy-Nature-Popular-Culture/dp/0812698541/churchofsatan), High Priest Peter Gilmore discusses this exact question with two philosophy academics.

Atheism means you don't believe in deities. That's all it means. It says nothing about anything else. Do you believe you need deities in order to have ceremonies or rituals? Which deity do wrestlers recognize when they blast their themes and [march down to the stage](http://i.imgur.com/biDFHU0.gif)? Or at graduation ceremonies or secular funerals? Not trying to be snarky, but these questions can help illustrate the importance of symbolism, drama, metaphors, and theatrics without the need for believing in supernatural deities.  
A mistake that many people make is that they look at a Satanic ritual or ceremony and quote lines where we refer to Satan or demons and proclaim "See! You Satanists DO believe in the devil!" What they failed to read is the big disclaim in both the Satanic Bible and the Satanic Rituals that clearly states that all rituals and ceremonies take place inside a moment in time where you willingly play ignorant. The purpose of this is to use any and all symbols, names, callings, etc. that will stimulate you and help you achieve the state of mind you're aiming for.  

For more on rituals and ceremonies, [see the Church of Satan's FAQ on the topic](http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php). 




 I recommend ASP Apparel http://aspapparel.com/ 



















 There's a lot that LaVey was interested in and influenced by but never spelled out explicitly. I'm personally interested in Otto's writing, and I know others are as well. 




 Glad you're enjoying it! It's a great discussion with real world practicality. 
























 Head over to the comments and let them know!  





























 [Definitely popped up on our radar.](https://www.facebook.com/ChurchOfSatanOfficial/posts/748562828520394) 




 Thank you for the opportunity to put on here. I understand it won't be to everyone's taste, may even be considered degenerate in aesthetic. In a way, that's part of what I wish to convey. The Cathedral should not be something to be admired. 




 Edited for clarity and etiquette.

Firstly, I apologize if I didn't make it clear in the post, but I do believe this submission is related to this sub. I myself have studied DE/NRx material for quite sometime, one could say before Mr. Land coined the term in his manifesto. I've worked with several publishers and writers who've released and collaborated with a number of the authors referred to in this sub. I am the person behind ANARCH, and throughout my work as this project I've incorporated many themes and symbols from NRx writing. This track in particular is my most direct reference, to the point of reading lines right out Nick Land's manifesto. More information can be found here: http://heathenharvest.org/2014/06/23/meet-the-artists-behind-heathen-harvests-midsummer-compilation/ 


































 /u/SirKendrick nails it. 

I recommend listening to this interview with High Priestess Peggy Nadramia where she discusses her experiences with Greater Magic/Rituals, how she integrates it into her everyday life, and why a Satanist would want to try it out.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-d0Z1l2ogk   

Also from the Church of Satan FAQ:  
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php   

DO I HAVE TO BE A PART OF RITUALS IF I JOIN THE CHURCH OF SATAN?

No. Ritual is meant as a tool and its use is not required amongst our members.

WHAT IS A SATANIC RITUAL?

Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery.

However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working.

Rupert Sheldrake, a biologist, has spent many years exploring the extended mind and has solid statistical evidence that there indeed does exist a mechanism in nature that could be used for such ends. His many books are fascinating and worth investigating.

We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information.
 




 http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/symbolism  

http://churchofsatan.com/history-sigil-of-baphomet.php

 




 Firstly, no.  

Secondly, use your brain. Do you believe everything that anyone spouts off on the internet for page-views and click-throughs?  





























 Here's an article by Church of Satan Magister Nemo on the relationship between atheism and Satanism: http://www.churchofsatan.com/simplifying-satanic-atheism.php 




 Atheism means you don't believe in deities. That's all. There's a long list of philosophies and religions that are atheistic: Types of Buddhism, Taoism,    Confucianism, Nihilism, Jainism, Humanism and many more. 









 Was it just a hallucination? Sure, but it fits within the framework of real occultism. Pizzolatto says the show has elements of mysticism than the supernatural, which I applaud. There's a slight difference. Within occult mysticism there's the idea that the "other forces" that an occultist communicates with is beyond human comprehension. To interact with it leads to insanity, and omens come as hallucinations. I believe that there's a Jungian, psychological aspect to this, not supernatural, but supernormal. Rust studied nihilism, comparative religion, and researched occultism.  He subconsciously absorbed the symbols, and perfectly played out a blood ritual to the Yellow King (he was the "little priest").  
























 Note: I'm the COS official referred to in the article. The writer did an excellent job blending parts of my commentary on the band's stage rituals (which was a much lengthier discussion) and Danielsson's beliefs. As much as I disagree with WATAIN's theistic beliefs, I do respect their art and listen to them and several other Black Metal bands. 









 http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php 




 My vote is for Kali. Congrats! 




 The interview comes from the 1969 documentary [Satanis: The Devil's Mass](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B000093NSP/churchofsatan). It's an interesting and enlightening document of the early Magic Circle/Church of Satan, showing a very young LaVey and his associates at the time. LaVey and the COS evolved in many ways through the 70's and into the 80's, transitioning into a more stratified organization, as documented in Blanche Barton's book "The Church of Satan" and in the later documentary "Speak of the Devil".  




 I'm often asked why, if we're a life-affirming philosophy, do we use skulls and other various symbols associated with death. To us, those are reminders of our own mortality, the great abstinence that awaits us. And through this we're energized and revitalized to live this one life to the fullest. 




 Great find, and yes this captures the essence of our life-affirming philosophy! 




 Skepticism is healthy and welcome:  

"We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness."  
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 They also discount Funcom Points from time to time.  




 As has been said many times before, ones politics are up to each individual member, and most of our members are political pragmatists. They support political candidates and movements whose goals reflect their own practical needs and desires. Our members span an amazing political spectrum, which includes but is not limited to: Libertarians, Liberals, Conservatives, Republicans, Democrats, Reform Party members, Independents, Capitalists, Socialists, Communists, Stalinists, Leninists, Trotskyites, Maoists, Zionists, Monarchists, Fascists, Anarchists, and just about anything else you could possibly imagine. It is up to each member to apply Satanism and determine what political means will reach his/her ends, and they are each solely responsible for this decision. Freedom and responsibilitymust be a novel concept for those who arent Satanists. We take it in stride. Members who demand conformity from other members to their particular political fetish are welcomed to depart.   

High Priest Peter H. Gilmore,    
from his essay [A Map for the Misdirected](http://www.churchofsatan.com/map-for-the-misdirected.php) 




 LaVey unabashedly respected and was influenced by Ayn Rand, so given that it shouldn't be too much of a surprise to see many Libertarians within the COS. Keep in mind that Rand's Objectivism has some clear conflicts with Satanism, see [Magister Nemo's article detailing the common grounds and differences](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php).  I personally lean Libertarian on most issues, technocratic on others. Depends on how idealistic I'm feeling that day. But the Church of Satan is certainly not all Libertarians, and I've met members throughout the organization that spread all across the political spectrum, and many who mix and match ideas to fit the needs of their own subjective clans or themselves. The COS itself does not hold a general political stance. See the [COS Political Policy](http://www.churchofsatan.com/policy-on-politics.php).

If you're interested in a Libertarian Satanic perspective, see Church of Satan Magister and iconic artist COOP's interview on Reason TV. He covers his Libertarian upbringing, his opinions on copyrights, his hot rod collection, and some history of his artwork.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy1aC_ltJBs
 




 That's the one. 














 Then there's Lords of Chaos, but this book mostly focuses on the Norwegian Black Metal scene in the 90's. http://www.amazon.com/Lords-Chaos-Satanic-Underground-Edition/dp/0922915946/ref=pd_sim_b_3?ie=UTF8 refRID=1MBZCMHKN0PFBFHB3870 
























 People can "convert" as much as they want, whether they truly are what they think they are is a whole other matter. 




 X is just Y packaged with Z mixed in with other things, describes pretty much everything. 




 "Thats why I believe in stratification by allowing water to seek its own level. Its something that can, and is, being done. Im all for a police state; no messing around. There should be an armed guard on every street corner. The Israelis have the right idea: school bus drivers and MacDonalds managers carrying Uzis." 









 I don't particularly care if Satanism is considered acceptable. If the masses embraced Satanism I think something had to have gone wrong with how it's being presented. On the other hand, I believe laws that are in place to defend religious practices should be enforced for public Satanists (who may be outed against their will). 




 Looking forward to it, one of my favorite comics. [I wrote about it briefly for the Church of Satan](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/99267568502/dc-comics-lucifer-tv-series-coming-soon). 









 Great poet. I like his tarot system. Deep insight on the power of symbols and ritual. Not directly related to Satanism (he rejected the label and considered himself a white light magician). 




 I'm not even mad about the racist/anti-semitic stuff, I'm just unimpressed by these total failures and their whining about "the Jews" for their complete lack of power and fulfillment.  




 You're off to a great start. Congrats! 









 There might be some that carry older issues but the newer stuff is available as digital magazines or print on demand. See their official magcloud page [here](http://www.magcloud.com/browse/issue/886649) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxRX6LXDpWs 




 Nice! I was just planning on test driving one this afternoon. Which exterior color is that? Not seeing anything like that on the official builder website. 




 It's "Print On Demand" now, so you'll need to click on the Collectors Print edition link.  




 99% of these kinds of questions, including those asked, are addressed in the [Church of Satan FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php) 









 Ah. I thought you meant you were the owner of the actual publication company, who I've met a while ago and operates out of NY. 




 I would recommend [iSatanist](http://www.isatanist.com), they have a few different designs and high quality work. 




 We should get together with some mutual friends the next time I'm up in the haunted Hudson area.  




 I enjoyed it, completed a few runs on the PS4. 




 I'm just observing that the days of alt.satanism-like bickering around the likes of Aquino (of which there were a few) are far gone. I don't miss it, and I'm proud to see our members are spending their energy on far more productive things. If anyone asks, we inform. We're just not getting a lot of people asking, or once informed, met with a shrug. 




 I'm going by day to day experience in working with our membership, most of which are not openly active on social media. And no, most of this new generation doesn't know or care much about this stuff. It's not like this is a secret to anyone, we cover it on our website and Blanche Barton is currently working on a revised edition of "The Church of Satan" which will obviously include this. When I last spoke to her she mentioned it was funny how most people she spoke to are uninterested in that whole drama, but much more interested in LaVey's personal history and the early days of the Magic Circle, and what other members are doing now. Hence her focus on completing the revised edition of "Secret Life of a Satanist", plans for the relaunch of the Cloven Hoof, and promotion of real-world events and activities (such as the William Mortensen book signing in LA this weekend, which featured an open discussion with Barton and Moynihan on LaVey and his techniques on applying the Command to Look, with COS members in attendance).  




 Suicide. Financial ruin. Terminal illness. Sometimes a good old fist to the nose and steel-toe kick to the ribs works too. 




 Or members who are much more interested in what's going on right now and actually getting things accomplished in the real world than worrying about what's essentially personal drama between LaVey and Aquino that had little to no consequence on the current state of affairs. 









 And no, we do not sell membership to the Priesthood of Mendes. And we've removed individuals who have tried to financially exploit other members. 




 Aquino left for various reasons, and yes one of them was because he felt LaVey betrayed the literal Devil by selling memberships. LaVey laughed this off as he never claimed to believe in a literal devil and often spoke highly of materialism, capitalism, and using magic (lesser and greater) to achieve wealth. Aquino was apparently able to live with this as long as he was given power within the CoS to ordain initiatory degrees based on occultnik mumbo jumbo. LaVey rejected this, as he didn't care for wasting time on stuff that had no physical, material payoff (wealth, power, pleasure). Coincidentally Aquino received a message from Satan, appearing as Set and yadda yadda yadda...   

Right after this LaVey got fed up with any theists or occultniks in his organization, who he politely tolerated prior to this. Central sent off letters disbanding the grotto system and telling anyone who believed in the need for initiatory occultism to hit the road. So many did, and he was happy to see them GTFO. So what I'm getting at is that the big "schism" as others call it was much more about power politics and LaVeys disdain for armchair occultniks than commercialism. 




 What happened? The Church of Satan grew stronger and more influential. Most of our current membership and priesthood barely know about Aquino. He's old news. 









 What do you mean by commercialized? I sometimes hear people make this claim and realize they don't even know the definition of the word. Commercialized means designed principally for financial gain. So then, no, the Church of Satan is not a commercialized organization. Does it shy away from making money? No, but rather than be hypocrites about it we accept the rational need for compensation for time and resources.   

Ask any MBA, the Church of Satan has a lousy "business model" if it's intended to be a profit orientated venture. We do not have reoccurring fees, we spend thousands of man hours handling communications, press, legal cases, and appearances. We advertise and support books that we do not profit off, in fact they profit some of our naysayers. We advertise the projects of our members, of which the organization gets zero income.  




 The Church of Satan does not make any money on the sale of Anton LaVey's writings, including the Satanic Bible. All royalties go to his remaining family, none of which are involved in the CoS. 




 No worries, I totally get it. 









 Ah, got it. My bad. 









 Downvote those comments then. Unfortunately trolling is part and parcel to the reddit system. Complaining about only feeds it, "drinking tears" as they say. 




 The embodiment of carnality, materialism, and all the natural forces that that keep the universe in existence. He represents the adversary, the balancing force that swings the pendulum in the opposite direction. 









 Nice to see [Nergal of Behemoth supporting this project](http://instagram.com/p/y0jLWloaqS/). 




 "Satanism is not a white light religion; it is a religion of the flesh, the mundane, the carnal - all of which are ruled by Satan, the personification of the Left Hand Path." 




 The whole idea of Black vs. White Magic comes from the basic occult notion that any magic that is selfish or prideful is "black magic". LaVey throws out that whole concept altogether within Satanism, as he points out that all magic is selfish.   

"White magic is supposedly utilized only for good or unselfish purposes, and black magic, we are told, is used only for selfish or "evil" reasons. Satanism draws no such dividing line. Magic is magic, be it used to help or hinder. The Satanist, being the magician, should have the ability to decide what is just, and then apply the powers of magic to attain his goals." 




 This video might be the thing that gets me to start watching pro racing. 




 Not necessarily, and not all of our members would like to participate, which is fine. Advancing secularism fits within our [Pentagonal Revisionism program](http://churchofsatan.com/pentagonal-revisionism.php). 




 Meh. The whole point of the Reddit system is to let the users decide what's relevant. So if the large majority of the users here don't find "theism" relevant and downvote, well that's the nature of the system. Post interesting things and the "invisible hand" of Reddit will sort it out. Yes, I like Adam Smith. 














 So upon hearing this prayer I cringed and thought "this does not sound like LaVey or Gilmore, except for some borrowed phrases. Isn't that a Christian saying?" So I checked... yeah, this doesn't have anything to do with the Church of Satan, in fact it was written by Greaves of The Satanic Temple. Yawn. 




 What the hell is a father dedli? Nevermind... 




 There are several Satanists who are involved in politics, and their wide range of party affiliation underscores the reason why there couldn't be "Satanic" political party. We have people involved in Libertarian, Republican, Democract, Socialist, and other political parties, and almost never reveal their Satanic beliefs. I know a few Satanists who are in or running for elected offices throughout the world. Obviously they would all disagree with each other, and many other Satanists would agree or disagree with each.  




 Who is "they"? Someone who considers themselves a "Spiritual Satanist" probably does, and thinks they're talking to some deity or spirit. I don't support this. I'm a Church of Satan representative, and therefore I identify with and support LaVey's writings, which are atheistic. We *may* pray to Satan in a ritual, but this a symbolic, metaphoric act, where we build up and project our egos and refer to this externalized ego as Satan. In reality we are praying to ourselves. 









 LaVey was a materialist (or more like naturalist if you want to get into metaphysical ontology). He did not believe in conscious, communicable gods, demons, spirits, beings or in any existence beyond this one carnal life. While he was open to possibilities of "supernatural" events he maintained that these phenomenon are part of the material, natural world that not yet explained by science. He vehemently and repeatedly rejected spirituality and mysticism. All that said, he recognized man's need for mythology, archetypes, ritual, and pageantry, so he formalized an organized religion that best represents man's true nature, and called it Satanism. While some "spiritual" Satanists may say they are influenced by LaVey, they really don't have much common ground beyond aesthetics and symbols. The commonality breaks down as soon as you consider metaphysics and logical arguments.   

Obviously the term "satanism" existed prior to LaVey, which he recognized and appreciated, but considered it dysfunctional and inaccurate due to the fact that it was almost always used from a Judeo-Christian perspective, heretical/Gnostic at best, but always chained to Christian cosmology.  




 Hard to say. If it's Satanis then I don't think it's worth a whole lot. The CoS didn't really attach stickers to materials, so I'm leaning on it being a duplicate, which there were many. If you happen to have some rare recordings of a Black Mass with LaVey then you may have something of a collector's item, but would need some kind of verification. 




 What you may have is a copy of Satanis, which is a Satanic Mass, not a Black Mass. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXIkJ0NraoY).   
There never really was a "Church" of Satan. In the 60's and early 70's LaVey hosted some parties and rituals at his home, often referred to as The Black House, but he never considered it an actual "church". Some attendees called it a church, for lack of a better word, but LaVey didn't really endorse that. After the early 70's LaVey pretty much closed the doors to his home except for close friends and select members of the CoS. He also stopped doing public rituals.  

You say "black mass" like it's a regular thing the CoS does, but it's not. LaVey only performed a few of Black Masses, and some were not even really anti-Christian. The purpose of the Black Mass is to mock a particular target. Christianity wasn't particularly interesting to LaVey, he preferred to attack psychiatry, drug culture, extreme liberalism, hippies, etc.  




 An Old Man once asked, "Where are all the Low Priests?" 




 I should remind people that Soundcloud removes some episodes due to copyright issues (even though we do keep track of our plays and pay royalty fees to various distribution companies), so you should check http://radiofreesatan.com/ to keep up on all our shows.  




 I recommend reading [The Devil   Philosophy](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/93912057937/magus-gilmore-in-the-devil-and-philosophy), High Priest Peter H. Gilmore has several chapters in it where he debates a few philosophers and academics on the Epicurean elements in Satanism, and the academic definition of Satanism as a whole.  




 Epicurus, Voltaire, Jung, Ben Hecht, Herbert Spencer, Michael Foucault, H. L. Mencken, Thomas Malthus, Macchiavelli, Freud, Gerald B. Lorentz, Benjamin DeCasseres   

http://www.churchofsatan.com/sources-book-list.php   
  
Practically any book at Underworld Amusements has a Satanic influence http://shop.underworldamusements.net/   

Plenty of book listed in the Compleat Witch Illustrated Bibliography http://compleatwitch.blogspot.com/

 









 The interview was being filmed for a show on BNN-VARA, will probably air in the summer. I'll post a link to it when it's up on their website. 




 I recently was interviewed by Dutch media about the American interest in exorcism. They were fascinated by how religious Americans were, and somewhat frightened by it.  









 MRW getting tax advice on this sub http://i.imgur.com/dffICKV.jpg 




 Great to see so much work on GIFv, and I don't mean that with any Reddit irony! I'm always traveling so I can't imagine using Reddit without this app. Thanks for your hard work! 




 I will say that suppressing your feelings is un-satanic, and if you naturally feel compelled to interfere in the lives of strangers then I would suggest that individual accept their savior complex and use it to their advantage. 




 Though I hesitate on saying "whatever you want", I would agree with with /u/devilmachineyea in that each Satanist would need to decided how they feel. Some might feel bad, if they had similar situations in their lives, or some might not care. If you're looking for a blanket uniform answer you're not going to get one.  

I will say that in my experience Satanists can be empathetic, and tend to be sensitive to the human animal experience. This is different from wanting to actually interfere or otherwise try to inject ourselves into other people's business. 









 It's like this movie was produced for maximum gif potential. 




 Not so much as a joke but an acknowledgment of the feelings it brought up. And anyone who's heard Enochian spoken by a skilled ritualist can attest to the atmosphere it can create. Similar to the power the Latin language has in Catholic mass, but in our case we recognize this as being applied psychology and even hypnotism. 




 This movie poster from /u/M0o0se is the best thing to come out of all this http://imgur.com/CltUBWC 









 Sure, why not.  




 Depends on where you look, and who wants to be seen. And how you want to be seen, and how do you, or someone else, gain from it. I know more than a few Satanists that make Boyd Rice look like a boy scout. 




 Here's an episode of The Satanic Tradition on the 9sense podcast that goes into some of the history of the rituals of the COS and the Enochian Keys   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5hcGOpLME4 feature=youtu.be t=1h12m6s 




 The reason LaVey included the Enochian Keys was because, at the time, they were considered sinister and he was warned against it by the occult "community". This implied that they Keys still generated emotional response and caused fear among certain people, so he included them. Nowadays this isn't the case as much, so you may not want to use them. I forget where but LaVey once said if you're having trouble with Enochian just skip it and recite your favorite poem. I've seen Satanic rituals where they use Gaelic, old Indo-European languages, and even Arabic instead of Enochian to fit the needs of that particular working. 









 If you're talking about symbolism and ritual, then it symbolizes phallic force. I wouldn't carry one around in public. 




 You say non-earthy. Why? Were single celled organisms non-earthy before their discovery by Leeuwenhoek. Some people thought so, but it turned out to be part of the natural world we had yet to understand. 




 First of all, if you're talking about Satanism, it's magic, not magick. Magic with a k was popularized by Crowley (who's not a Satanist) as a way of distinguishing between stage magic and illusions (what LaVey calls Lesser Magic) from ritualized ceremonial magic(k). LaVey's observation is that they are all one and the same, and ceremonial magic often uses techniques of Lesser Magic to achieve results. He was also NOT a mystical person, so the idea that magic(k) was something more "holy" or "sacred" was an anathema to him. All magic, lesser or greater, was working within the material world and carnal. Which leads me to the next point.   

LaVey certainly believed in having influences over events outside his direct control. He tells stories, and many people who have visited him have odd coincidences before and after. Even the stone cold unbelieving Rolling Stone writer felt like LaVey was able to shift the atmosphere around him. The thing is, LaVey never likened any of this to "spirituality" or "mysticism". All that implies some greater power or greater plane of existence. LaVey rejects this. He believes there are parts of this world, this natural, materialistic world, that we yet do not understand. Since it is not understood, it's "dark", and therefore, being a poetic, dramatic type, he symbolizes these unknowns as dark forces of nature.  




 Hate to be pedantic but with Satanism you don't spell "magic" with a k under any circumstances. The whole idea of "magic with a k" came from Crowley (not a Satanist) who wanted to distinguish between illusionist/sleight of hand (lesser) magic from ceremonial/greater magic. So even in the appropriate case "lesser magick" doesn't make sense.  

Anyway... Great tips, regardless! 




 http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/brent-rambo 









 Boyd Rice the mystic Christian who's now friendly with Bob Larson instead of angrily debating him? Ok sure.  

Most of the Satanists I know and associate with are not humanists at all. Just depends on where you look.  









 Create something new. Write a poem or story, record a song, paint a picture, take a photograph. 




 Nathan Gray is an outstanding musician and gentleman. Got some remixes in the works for him coming soon! 




 I write for a "Heathen" magazine and communicate/collaborate with several Asatruars (including members of the AFA/Rune Gild) who are also Satanists and members of the Church of Satan. 




 Solipsism can creep up on you. People are disappointing. 




 Important essay for people who seem to think LaVey would have supported any level of organized activism. I hear this time and time again, that "things changed" or the CoS "went inactive", as if there was once a time when the COS was marching down the street and patting people on the back. It was never "active" in the sense that these detractors seem to want to believe it was or should have been. That was never the idea, never the application, and we continue in that tradition. I'd answer any questions or rebuttals anyone has on this topic. 









 Interesting from a religious history and Middle East cultural perspective, that's all.  
Edit: The symbolism around the Peacock Angel can be interesting and useful. 









 Demolition Man 




 You must drive your tax guy crazy. 









 [Satanism: The Feared Religion by Peter H. Gilmore](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-the-feared-religion.php) 




 MRW I'm downvoted for answering a question...  
http://i.imgur.com/eH8yg2R.gif 




 Not sure, though I'm hearing that it may have been Fate magazine. 














 Sounds like you've got some admirable accomplishments already under your belt and a bright path ahead! Magus Gilmore is an incredibly busy man but it I would certainly get in touch with the COS administration and let them know about your achievements and goals. You can use the contact form here: http://www.churchofsatan.com/contact-us.php 




 I personally find it pretty lame, typical stoner mentality. I don't think it should be "banned". 




 Here are all the fundamental texts on Satanism: [Church of Satan: Printed Works](http://churchofsatan.com/sources-print.php). These are the core books. This is required reading you're serious about understanding LaVey's philosophy, as well as High Priest Peter H. Gilmore's direction. Anything else is supplementary.  

Here's a recommended reading list directly from Anton LaVey. ["This is the list as originally published in Magistra Blanche Bartons The Church of Satan as approved by Magus Anton Szandor LaVey."](http://churchofsatan.com/sources-book-list.php). Here are some of my choice picks:  
Carl Jung: Man and His Symbols   
Herbert Spencer: The Study of Sociology  
Michael Foucault: Madness and Civilization  
H. L. Mencken: The American Language  
Fyodor Dostoevsky: Notes from Underground  
Robert W. Chambers: The King in Yellow  
Jack London: The Sea Wolf  
John Milton: Paradise Lost  

One of the most overlooked books by LaVey is "The Compleat Witch" (aka "The Satanic Witch"). I see a lot of people make assumptions about LaVey's theories on Lesser   Greater Magic without having had read this book, which is *all about that*. LaVey included an extensive bibliography that gives you an crystal clear look at his base materialism and secularism. Here's is an illustrated and annotated collection of the bibliography, maintained by members of the Church of Satan's Priesthood of Mendes: [Compleat Witch Illustrated Bibliography Project](http://compleatwitch.blogspot.com/).  

This should give enough reading for quite a long time. 









 I get your enthusiasm but Satanism is an individualist philosophy, so such a social club might not be the best idea. Though all Satanists share a bedrock philosophy, their applications and independent interests may vary greatly, sometimes leading to conflicts. It's a mistake to think that just because someone else is a Satanist means that you'd get along swimmingly. 

Satanism is also anti-proselytizing, meaning you should not try to convince other people that Satanism is right for them. Most people will not (and cannot) accept Satanism, and that's alright. Do not expect people to respect you just because you're a Satanist, instead have them respect you because you're a great writer, mathematician, computer programmer, athlete, musician, artist, photographer, cartoonist, etc.  

That said, I wish you luck. Peter H. Gilmore is a close friend of mine and I know he got started with Satanism in high school, where he met High Priestess Peggy Nadramia. He graduated as Valedictorian of his class and his speech had a Satanic spirit. 
 




 Satan is the drive for sovereignty, carnal sensuality, wisdom, and to be a master of the material world.    




 Cult of Youth, King Dude, Bain Wolfkind, Rome, Blood Axis, Sigur Ros, Mum, Phantogram, Lorde, Purity Ring, Little Dragon, Chelsea Wolfe, Cold Cave, Grimes.  

Yes. 




 One of my favorite live experiences was in 2004, watching him perform for 3 hours in a packed warehouse in Brooklyn. It was soon after "Find Candace" came out, part of a larger SICKNESS event, separate ambient room, art gallery, DJ space. Good times. 




 Like /u/lightning_falls states, prayer is a plea for Divine Intervention with some conscious, communicable being. Satanism rejects all notions of the Divine and of any communicable beings, so that's one major difference.  

The other is something that's a common misconception with LaVey's system of Greater Magic. He clearly states that Greater Magic should be a tool to help tip the scales to your favor, not to perform miracles. Whether this phenomenon is a placebo based on psychodramatic shifts or some biochemical expansion of the mind is a area of skeptical inquiry amongst Satanists who are interested in this. LaVey himself didn't care what it was, his approach was pragmatic and all that mattered is what worked. 









 I'm not, it services little to negative purpose. But if one is aware of what Satanism is (as in what it really is), then it wouldn't take long to figure it out.  




 Without a doubt, the philosophy within Satanism leans Right. But there are plenty of liberal Satanists who can reconcile that with their own progressive views. But those views are their own, and their own responsibility to balance and defend if they see fit.  




 I long ago stopped arguing the theological/cosmological issues involved in "theistic Satanism". But I will interject when someone makes a logically and factually incorrect assertion about whether LaVey or the Church of Satan some how supports their theistic views. If you want to refer to other writers, other philosophies or theologies, other occultists and their practices, fine. I won't agree with you, but I won't argue you. But if anyone tries to frame it as something sourced from LaVey, then be prepared to debate it factually.   

As for the up/down voting system, that's reddit for you. If the majority of people in this sub are not friendly to theists, then that's the nature of democracy. 




 There are numerous religions that do not believe in outside forces, that do not address an afterlife. Where do you come to this conclusion? LaVey created Satanism as a new kind of religion that wholeheartedly accepts man as a purely carnal animal but with a need for metaphor, symbols, and rituals. The philosophy within Satanism is important, and crucial, but so are the traditions, the metaphors, the rituals, the culture. It's all part of the Satanic religion that is still in the early years. LaVey picked up the scent, and knew this was coming, that religion would be redefined in the future as secular phenomenon. He points to television, the internet, the entertainment industry as the new religions for the masses. He built Satanism as the alternative religion not just to the spiritual   mystical religions of the past, but of the consumerist religions of the future. "Remember, the first 99 years are always the toughest." 









 Confucianism does not address an afterlife and is very secular in many ways, but both considers itself and is recognized as a religion. 




 I disagree with that assessment of LaVey's "religious" stance. In fact it was in his later writings and interviews that LaVey pushed harder on Satanism being a religion over philosophy exactly because of the push back he got from occultists and pagans who questioned his lack of theism. You can see him refer to Satanism as a religion in Satan Speaks and The Devil's Notebook, both written in the 90's. One of his last articles is titled **["THE WORLDS MOST POWERFUL RELIGION"](http://churchofsatan.com/worlds-most-powerful-religion.php)**, in which he specifically makes the case for Satanism as a codified, organized, and post-modern 21st century religion by critiquing and dissecting what makes something a religion or religious. 




 Very approachable and pleasant to talk to, yet confident and in control of his surroundings. He's very professional about his performances and his clothing business. 




 /r/goingtohellforthis/ 




 Yes, great person as well. Had the pleasure to spend some time with TJ and consider him a kindred individual. 




 [Chelsea Wolfe - Feral Love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49MYJkEazIg)  
[King Dude - Lucifer's The Light Of The World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjvYTPQ25-4)  
[Cult of Youth - The Pole Star](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2jkl7DUPSU)  
[Pharmakon - Bestial Burden](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFgZqSDRHFI)  
[Scott Walker + Sunn O))) - Soused](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwSveFnWzhI)   









 Each person can apply Satanism how they want, but LaVey did actively push Satanism as a **religion** over just a philosophy. There is philosophy within Satanism, but there's also Satanic culture, dogma, ritual, iconography, etymology, art, tradition, and literature that's all just as important as the philosophy itself. 




 Personally, I call them a heretical Christian, Muslim, Jew, or whatever theological cosmology they adhere to. In regards to someone who believes in the Christian Devil/Satan, then in turn they must give Christ significance in order to remain theologically consistent. If not, then they are inconsistent in their theology and therefore just a kook. Once you claim to subscribe to some metaphysical theology then you're bound to its history, unless you want to debate thousands of years of theology "just because it sounds cool".  




 http://media.giphy.com/media/NnGGHE0muVqpO/giphy.gif 
























 These are custom made-to-order. [The first batch of orders are being filled and looking sharp](http://imgur.com/HyminKm). 









 Complete hoax. Magus Gilmore addressed this [officially and in detail on 9sense](https://youtu.be/4c34Mas_--Y?t=13m7s) 




 Not necessarily. Satan can be a very seemingly real subjective projection of your ego in the right circumstances.  




 As for fictional characters, I would say Frank Underwood from House of Cards is one of the most Satanic characters in television in the last 10 years or so. He obviously has his flaws, but that's part of the equation. I'm still going through the first season so that may or may not change, but so far so good. Especially Season 1 Episode 3, a perfect application of Lesser Magic, and even Greater Magic (vis--vis mental projection of the Is-To-Be, see the Satanic Scriptures). 




 He was a powerful twentieth century figure that shaped the world after him, certainly. A black magician, possibly. But Satanist (de facto or otherwise), I wouldn't think so. 




 Yes, I'm going to take Reddit advice on what's customary from a rando with a whopping 1 Post Karma. Go troll somewhere else.  




 Pro-tip: Learn how the Post Link function works. Thanks for the feedback. 









 If there's some symbolism you don't feel comfortable or resonate with then you're free to discard it. No one should feel obligated to agree with everything every other Satanist does, enjoys, or is attracted to.  









 Yes, and no. I understand and appreciate the site's enthusiasm but some things may need some clarification. 

1.  LaVey did search of occurrences of Satanism in his study of the occult. He references many materials dealing with devilry and Satanism in his books. Now what he was not able to find were genuine, proud, self-proclaimed Satanists. Prior to LaVey, the term satanist or satanism was a derogatory term for heretics or members of opposing religious faiths. Jews were satanists, the Catholic church was satanic, pre-christian pagans were satanists, etc. Now he was able to find some occultists with interests in black magic, but that wasn't enough. It's not enough for academics either. Keep in mind that LaVey was a self-taught autodidact, he didn't have access to university libraries and this was before the internet. But fast forward to today, and you have numerous occult and religious studies researchers trying to find historical Satanism. Funny enough, they arrive at just about the same conclusion. There are a handful of poets and occultists who considered themselves Satanic, but they have little to zero influence past their deaths. They reluctantly have to admit, and trust me some of these people have no easy feelings for LaVey, that there was no significant occurrence of self-proclaimed, self-identified Satanism prior to LaVey and the Church of Satan. Regardless of what some occultists want to think ex post facto, we're not talking about Yezidi, Gnostics, Thelemites, Pagans, Theosophists, etc. These are groups that may have some Left Hand Path influences but they did not and do not self-identify as "Satanic" or call themselves "Satanists", and would be insulted if you did for them.   

2. I do not agree with the idea that not being in the Church of Satan makes you less of a Satanist. As far as I know, neither does Magus Gilmore. It doesn't make you more "independent" or "free-spirited" either though. And if you do not affiliate and go around trying to represent Satanism, then you're talking about a different ballgame.   

3. "Pretenders To the Throne" was written as a response to certain materials published by the Temple of Set that claimed some form of authority over Satanism after their formation. While valuable for historical knowledge, it's an artifact of the past. Since then the Temple of Set has renounced Satanism all together and removed all claims over the philosophy and religion (after much internal debate, from my understanding). They no longer consider themselves Satanists in any way and only Setian. A more appropriate article to reference would be the [Satanic Bunco Sheet](http://churchofsatan.com/satanic-bunco-sheet.php), which is a guide to identifying pseudo-Satanic groups. 




 In short, yes, the Church of Satan supports the idea of magic.    

In many cases, yes, LaVey's Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Our system of magic is completely carnal, materialistic, and we do not require our members to practice it if they are not interested. We tell those who are interested to be skeptical and remember that all experiences can be subjective. We use ritual magic to study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation. None of this requires any belief in spiritual deities, demons, etc. We believe this to be an extension of natural human biology that is yet to be fully understood. 




 Gabriele D'Annunzio, H. P. Lovecraft, Mark Twain, Benjamin De Casseres, P. T. Barnum, H. L. Mencken, Lord Byron, Rasputin, Basil Zaharoff, Robert E. Howard, Clark Ashton Smith, John Milton, Henry M. Tichenor, Malfew Seklew, Edgar Saltus, Arthur Desmond 




 Satan as a Jungian archetype is pretty much the whole idea behind LaVey's work, which was highly influenced by Jung. "Man and His Symbols" is practically required reading for anyone serious about the study of Satanism beyond what we in the CoS consider the "First Phase".  Peter Gilmore goes into this more in the [Satanic Scriptures](http://shop.underworldamusements.net/product/the-satanic-scriptures). 









 None taken, it's a valid question. 




 Priest/Reverend is an honorary title given by the Church of Satan to individuals who have shown to successfully apply the Satanic philosophy in the real world through their chosen careers or art. They are allowed to be official representatives of the Church of Satan. Yes, the title itself can be seen as a blasphemous play on the Christian Priest/Reverend, but we are fully aware that priesthoods, by that name or another, [have been around since ancient Sumeria](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Priest). Christianity does not hold ownership of that word in any functional sense. As for "Reverend", that's more of a stylistic form of the role, and there's a history of non-Christian Reverends such as Buddhists and Jews. 




 I'm a reverend in the Church of Satan and have done numerous radio and media interviews. Will get in touch. 




 One of the things I'd like to do is elevate the material on this sub above the obvious material into deeper Satanic topics (philosophy, aesthetics, symbolism)  




 To the Junger-esque egoist Satanic Anarch a Hobbesian Leviathan would be an acceptable social system, it keeps the masses in place and gives him a suitable map to maneuver around. Either way, no matter what society you have in place, violence is the natural (Satanic) force that keeps it in place. 




 Who said anything about pointless violence? 




 Symbolism, misanthropy, and self-deification. All Satanic concepts. The author of those words and man being photographed is a former Reverend in the Church of Satan. 




 Because Satanism is about having a sense of humor and accepting the role of being the adversary. A couple years ago I was performing in Germany and noticed a guy in the crowd wearing this shirt and a Star of David necklace. I bumped into him later on, complemented him on his attire, and we started to talk over a few drinks. Turns out he was a secular soldier in the Israeli Defense Force and a CoS member. He totally got the point of the shirt and purchased a few of them for his regiment. Great guy. 




 This is actually more of joke on being Jewish than being a Satanist. Read up on Good Friday.  

Also LaVey was pretty fond of the idea of throwing Christians to the lions. Bring back the Circus Maximus.  

LaVey didn't just reject the Christian mythology, he rejected all of its values and morals. That's the point of Satanism, which some hand wringing kids now seem to miss. They'd be happy with and honest Christianity minus Christ.  




 This is actually more of a joke on being Jewish than being a Satanist. Read up on Good Friday. 




 "However, the willful submission of many inevitably creates a vulnerability waiting to be exploited by any one person who shrugs off social and ethical norms. If every man lays down his arms and refuses to pick them up, the first man to pick them up can do whatever he wants. Peace can only be maintained without violence so long as everyone sticks to the bargain, and to maintain peace every single person in every successive generation  even after war is long forgotten  must continue to agree to remain peaceful. Forever and ever. No delinquent or upstart may ever ask, Or Else What?, because in a truly non-violent society, the best available answer is Or else we wont think youre a very nice person and were not going to share with you. Our troublemaker is free to reply, I dont care. Ill take what I want.

Violence is the final answer to the question, Or else what?" 









 How does Ayn Rand read into any of that? Because it champions self improvement through will power? Much of their material is based on philosophies that are critical of Rand.  









 [Sitting by the pool in Vegas, weekend of greed, gluttony, and lust await.](http://i.imgur.com/NMwJbFk.jpg) 




 Yes. 




 Firstly, I meant no disrespect by addressing you. A quick search on your paper led me to your work with Leyba's art. He was an friend at one point and I have a collection of his work.  

Alright, for the sake of this conversation, I'll accept 'political' as anything that promotes the idea of resistance, with media appearances and performances as examples.  

With that said, my contention still stands. Media appearances and performances ramped up after Peter Gilmore took over the Church of Satan in 2001. The statement that I'm seeing pushed by TST and their supports is the that since LaVey's death a certain level of activity (political or not) ceased. That's stated as a factual premise on which other claims are made. I'm attacking that piece of the fundamental claim.   

Between 1996 (LaVey's Death) and January 2013 (When the TST [first appeared as mockumentary film called The Satanic Temple](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/2014/07/satanic_temple_doug_mesner_cevin_soling_david_guinan.php)), I have on file (gathered from internet searches and archives) at least 20 interviews with Peter Gilmore. There have been at least 15 media appearances including The History Channel, Sci-Fi, Fox News, BBC, CBC, Point of Inquiry, New York Times, CNN, and more. His book, The Satanic Scriptures, was released in 6 different languages. But as we know, the Church of Satan isn't just Peter Gilmore. Our priesthood has continued operating on various levels including broadcast and online media (Radio Free Satan, which I operate, 9sense), book publishing (Underworld Amusements), clothing lines (ASP Apparel), and musical performers (too many to list). We've also had speakers at Center For Inquiry conferences, appearances on the Marc Maron podcast, Reason TV, done college and university lectures, and continued doing Satanic weddings (such as my own) and funerals. I'm not even going to count the 6/6/6 event in any of this.  

I'll say this, if it's comes down between remaining under the radar and tea-bagging gravestones to grab headlines, we'll stay under the radar. Since 2001 we've had members running for public office, lawyers and fundraisers with various secular organizations, activists working with Wikileaks, speakers doing TED talks, speaking at SXSW   TechCrunch. Much of this isn't done by flying the Satanic banner. LaVey often told us to utilize the "cloak of invisibility" to achieve our goals. In my opinion, the real Satanic revolution will be one that no one notices. 




 While your succinct summation of LaVey's philosophy is accurate, I would like point out an inaccurate meme that you included, one that seems to be actively pushed by representatives of the Satanic Temple.  

For a number of reasons, not the least of which was LaVeys death in 1996, the COS has ceased to be politically active   

That's implying that the Church of Satan was at some point *politically* active. As an organization the Church of Satan, from its very beginning, was never politically active, even in a time of heightened political activism (late 60's, early 70's). LaVey encouraged individual members to pursue their own political aims that were Satanically influenced, but it was not uniform or centralized. In fact, LaVey rejected the idea of activism in the name of Satanism, or people using the Church of Satan to give meaning to their lives.    
"As far as Im concerned, I would like my organization, the Church of Satan, to exist as a cabal for the mutual endowment of those already occupied with interests and activities other than organizational." - [Get a Life](http://www.churchofsatan.com/get-a-life.php)   

Our current High Priest, Peter H. Gilmore, goes into more detail in regards to Satanism and Activism, how they relate, and why the Church of Satan has never been "political" in his article [The Church of Satan, and the paradox of individualist religion](http://www.churchofsatan.com/paradox-of-individualist-religion.php).    

TST picks up from LaVey his idea of a secular religion using Satan as a symbol, but the similarities end there. The Satanic Temple advocates for an objective moral "good", to "encourage benevolence and empathy among all people." This is pretty much the polar opposite of LaVey's philosophy, which based on subjective morals.

Also, the 4th Satanic Sin is Self-deceit, not Self-defeat. 









 Read the Satanic Bible. It's a short book, shouldn't take you more than an hour. There's a whole chapter called "Indulgence... NOT Compulsion" in which LaVey advocates rational self-interest over mindless compulsive hedonism.

As for why Satan? Because LaVey recognized man's need for ceremony, for a religion that served his carnal nature. Satan represents this true nature of man, and the Satanist is the person who accepts this.

""Satanism is based on a very sound philosophy," say the emancipated. "But why call it Satanism? Why not call it something like 'Humanism' or a name that would have the connotation of a witchcraft group, something a little more esoteric - something less blatant."   
There is more than one reason for this. Humanism is not a religion. It is simply a way of life with no ceremony or dogma. Satanism has both ceremony and dogma. Dogma, as will be explained, is necessary. "
 









 From Kevin Slaughter:  

The equal symbol is not "owned" by any specific group of people, though various egalitarian groups/professional and voluntary victims have adopted it.
The "NOT EQUAL" symbol is used as a rejection of egalitarianism, and has been used/promoted by various Satanists for decades. I printed up a bunch of "NOT EQUAL" symbol stickers in the late 90's/early 00's, as an example.

There is some incessant whining on a post promoting ASP Apparel design featuring the symbol. The majority of them can be summed up as "gays use the equal symbol, so using an unequal symbol is (or could be viewed as) anti-gay.

To imply that the Church of Satan itself, or a product it promotes is somehow "against gays" is to forget 50 years of Church of Satan history in favor of some knee-jerk reaction -- or worse, fear that someone may misunderstand you based on what amounts to a desperate attachment to small-minded jingoism, one most favored by those who fall into the camp of "Social Justice Warriors."

I would like to steal a few quotes from one of my favorite defacto Satanists, Benjamin DeCasseres:

"Curious that the uplift movement never raises the level of anything except human stupidity." 

"There exists a 'general good.' It provides for the comfort and well-being of the greatest number of idiots at the expense of brains, culture and character." 

"A catchwordSocialism, Progress, Democracyhas saved many a man from the gutter. A sublime enthusiasm differs in no respect from the exaltations of opium and alcohol, though the dreamer is infinitely more dangerous and asinine than the dipsomaniac and drug fiend. The drunkard enslaves himself only; the dogmatic enthusiasts always end by enslaving others. There is no maniac comparable to an active idealist."

"Discrimination is that fine sense that places the dead fish in one pile and the maggots that feed on them in another."

"What we call social justice is merely the machinery by which we regulate theft." 









 http://i.imgur.com/pevSPn4.gifv 




 Yes, Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Using LaVey's system many of us Satanists who are interested in ritual magic study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation. This is all in a material and carnal context and does not require any spiritual or cosmological beliefs.   
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 The psychological power that can come from the use of politically charged imagery is not lost on us. My intent merely to point out the accuracy of the accusation within the context of ASP Apparel and Satanism itself. Whether or not it's a good or evil, right or wrong, is entirely subjective.  









 I have this on DVD and played it for a few friends in my home theater a few months ago. Incredibly poignant on the big screen. 




 As a non-Caucasian who has personally worked with ASP I can say that Nazism is one of the last things he cares for. He is certainly interested in heathen symbolism and a certain militant-bombastic flair, but I doubt Nazis would be happy about a line of clothes that celebrate the inherit anti-Christianity of Judaism. One of my favorite memories with ASP clothing is after performing in Germany I spotted a concert attendant wearing the Christ Killer shirt and a big Star of David. Spoke to him after noticing it, he was an atheist IDF soldier and Satanist. We had drinks and had a great time. A Hispanic and a Jew walk into a German bar and talk about Israeli firearms, while wearing clothes from ASP. How Satanic is that. 



















 Don't get your panties all moist. Relax.  




 Sure, I'll dance again. The most common critique of LaVey's philosophy is it's non-universality. "If all people were Satanists then..."  We don't ascribe to that. Satanism applies to Satanists and benefits Satanists. LaVey's early work was a little more optimistic, but this diminished over time and can be observed in his later work. 




  But the "real politik" of the situation puts you at odds with the vast majority of people who will ever support you as a Satanist.  

That's completely fine by me. I have no interest in being supported *as a Satanist*. I only care about the particular issue.  

If we're talking about a Satanist Movement, then, you'd be doing more harm then good.  

I believe OP was interested in a Satanist Movement. Outside of a specific set of circumstances, I'm not.   

The vast majority of the people you say you'd give money to also want to make sure people like us never have a voice.   

Ok. But if they're executing our goals then what's the problem? Identity and validation?   

The rest of them are Libertarians who don't have a voice at the moment, and probably won't for a few generations  

But forming a united Satanic Lobby that has the ear of influential public figures, even at a local level, is more likely to happen sooner? We're just speculating here but I think certain Libertarian or Libertarian-influenced policy makers have made great strides in issues that are of interest to me and other Satanists.  

So give away your money to the wind with no advancement of your cause or your own personal power  

What do you think my causes are? Groups I've supported have lobbied for the removal of the 10 day wait for firearms purchases, of which there's a hearing for in late April. ATF director has been replaced and there's push back on the proposed ban of green-tip M855/SS109 5.56 ammunition, which would raise the prices of other common AR-15 ammunition. Unions and social welfare programs are feeling economic and political pressure. Voter ID laws are being upheld. More and more states are legalizing and collecting taxes on marijuana. All of this is progress in my book, so I'm sitting pretty happy. Still much to be done. 

 if you fuck with the rest of us for your personal identity, you'll get what's coming  

Oh, come now. Calm down. Not a good look.  

I also doubt the only common ground would be separation of Church and State. That is a really lazy statement. 

Eh. I suppose gay marriage and reproductive rights (even though LaVey made a case for a Pro-Life Satanist, instead promoting sterilization) might qualify. These are two issues CoS is more actively supporting through existing spheres of influence. Personally, I see such issues as generational, so while we should continue to support it, it's already gained much traction and it's more a matter of current politicians dying off.  

 philosophy about self determination on a personal level  
For the Satanist, sure. Not necessarily universally.

The Satanist should consider if flying the flag does more harm than good for the issue they wish to promote publicly. If more progress can be made clandestinely, then so be it. My ideal Satanic Movement will be one that happens without anyone knowing it.   




 There's no such thing. 




 On August 8th, 1988 several Church of Satan members (at the time) and non-CoS members held a concert in celebration of the Manson killings 19 years prior. In their view the killings marked the end 60's hippie era. The artists used various Satanic symbols, including runes such as the Wolfsangel. The event was not an official CoS event, with LaVey declining his invitation. LaVey distanced himself from the event and several of the participants, and refused to acknowledge Manson, a criminal he despised, as some Satanic hero.  

That said, the Wolfsangel itself is a valid and active Satanic symbol that we use in rituals such as the Rite of Ragnark and Die Elektrischen Vorspiele. 




 8/8/88 was not a CoS event, LaVey intentionally distanced himself from it and did not promote it. 




 [This?](http://www.catholic.org/saints/angels/angelchoir.php) Or not. The ONA was essentially a troll "honey pot" (to use the founders term) used to stir shit up and see who would fall for their nonsense. It unfortunately took a life of its own amongst a small group of angsty teenage metal heads who bought into it. Wouldn't be surprised to see it being monitored in one way or another. 




 Are you searching based on price? Just being realistic, because if 80k used is all you can afford then you may be in for shock once maintenance bills come in. Wouldn't recommend that for a first car. 














 Because someone just mashed up the Satanic Cross with an inverted Yr/Algiz rune (death rune) and a Wolfsangel.  




 A few months ago I witnessed a "Mr. Helpful" just pop up behind a guy doing squats to help him align. Startled him and he nearly dropped the bar behind him. Guy told him, in not so nice terms, to back off. Broke up before gym staff arrived. 




 I've implemented Freshbooks/Freshdesk projects successfully for similar clients (music/record label) and have heard nothing but positive feedback. 









 If you want to contact the Church of Satan you're better off asking the [unofficial Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/thechurchofsatan/). Many of the people posting here are not in the Church of Satan or follow the Church of Satan's philosophy. Asking a public, open Reddit group for the demographics of a specific organization is probably not the best way to get valid research data. If you want more specific information than the unofficial group I linked to PM me. 




 Shot one last time I was in a Vegas range and had me considering adding it to my collection. Seems like the weight counter balances the recoil. 









 Some of our Magisters hold no "jobs" and make little in terms of income, but have beautiful homes and have a wide range of influence in their spheres. We have members who are international celebrities but hold positions lower than newer members. So, no. straight up money or time don't really buy you much. 

Reminds me of an observation I once either read or discussed with someone on the measure of wealth based on what one lacks or yearns for. The lower classes measure wealth based on money. The middle class on education. The upper class on influence and freedom. Not universal, but something I've come to understand and notice from time to time. 




 Ah yes, that's more my liking. Was looking to purchase Fall 2015 but might hold off and put some cash aside for a nicer trim on an XE in 2016 if that's the case. 









 Check the listings here. Looks like some are new productions and ship. http://www.armslist.com/classifieds/search?location=usa category=guns search=wasr+10 posttype=1 sellertype=6 tag=762x39 tag=century-arms tag=rifle 




 Just might unseat the Audi S3 that I had in mind... will have to wait until I can get a test drive.  














  since in practice, when it comes to social and political issues, the differences between the ideologies fade out pretty well. We all want pretty much the same things for how our society is organized, and we should rally around that commonality. It's part of what unites us all as Satanists.  

Disagree. Just being a Satanist, of any sort, is of little consequence to me or the issues I'd support. I would (and have) put my money into a lobbying groups that support cuts to government spending or gun rights faster than an open Satanist group looking to promote liberal social welfare programs (as I've heard some group say they would). I think the one and only common ground would be on separation of Church   State. 




 Did you read the Blanche Barton's essay on revisiting the program? http://churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php 




 Shrug. As with all things, it's all about the results. 




 We already have Satanists involved in politics. No, they are not "openly" Satanic, and being so would be inherently un-Satanic. A realistic Satanic politician would probably campaign as a Christian to gain maximum appeal, but push policies that go against Christian ideals and implementing Pentagonal Revisionism, such as eliminating social welfare, minimizing federal spending, upholding the death penalty, supporting separation of Church and State, and decriminalize drug abuse. Sound familiar? 




 Nice. Will start modding mine after I put a few hundred rounds through it to get a good feel of what I want to do. 




 Elevation is granted based on real-world accomplishments and demonstrations of applied Satanism. We don't care about memorizing quotes, statements or rituals. We want to know how things are going with your career, art, education, or creative projects. I was made Warlock after I took over Radio Free Satan and published articles in print and digital magazines. Years later I was made Reverend after helping with several CoS projects and accomplishing substantial career goals. PM me for details on how to get in touch with Central. 




 I would also say that LaVey was more antitheist than some of the most militant atheists nowadays. He was not happy with just co-existing with other theists, he would have pushed for its complete eradication.    

"Satanism is not just an atheistic stance but a anti-theistic stance. We prefer destruction of mystically-oriented religions through active
opposition rather than simple non-participation. - Secret Life of a Satanist: The Invisible Revolution 




 The relationship between the atheist "community" and LaVey's philosophy has been mixed. While Satanism at its core is functionally atheistic, it goes a step further and posits that man himself is a god. LaVey was hesitant of using the word "atheist", since that would be the complete rejection of god or godhood, which isn't exactly the Satanic perspective. Each Satanist is his/her own subjective god, and this isn't something taken lightly. One may even project or communicate with this god during ritual (keeping in mind that this is purely a materialistic psychological, mental exercise, not a spiritual one).    

That's where many capital "A" Atheists tend to breakaway, especially within online communities where Atheism is taken more as a social cause and strongly held identity that not only includes a disbelief in deities but also disbelief in things like the supernatural or psi, which do not necessitate the belief in deities or spiritualism.  

What's funny is while many of those Atheists on the ground level, such as forum commentators, have a hard time with Satanism, we at the Church of Satan have long had strong ties and relationships with Atheist/Secular organizations at a high level, including members and associates. For example, we held our 6/6/6 Satanic Mass at the headquarters for the Center of Inquiry in Los Angeles. We've had High Priest Peter Gilmore on [Point of Inquiry](http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/), Magister Kevin Slaughter has presented at several seminars as part of SkeptiCamp and Center of Inquiry, and we've co-promoted with the American Atheists on issues such as separation of Church   State. We've also had various members on university atheist radio stations and newspapers. 




 It's the same media that keeps referring to civilian AR's as "automatic machine guns".  









 Great work! 









 Everyone here should continue this discussion with their favorite barista at their next visit to Starbucks. 




   It has NOTHING to do with Classic Satanism / Theistic Satanism  

Sure, because no such thing exists. I'm sorry, but academics and occultists have looked and there has not been an established philosophy, religion, or doctrine called **Satanism** prior to LaVey. The best people have been able to come up with are various unorthodox Christians (who would not considered themselves Satanists), pagans (again, would not have considered themselves Satanists), and blasphemous non-believing poets. And in each case they were small flashes in the pan. Funny, how many threads have there been on this sub asking for primary texts or sources for Theistic Satanism? I think I see one at least once a month. And what's the usual response? At best, a link to a webpage that doesn't source any primary texts and hasn't been updated in 20 years. But usually something along the lines of "theistic satanism is a personal pursuit, you make your own path and private relationship with blah blah blah..." In other words, there's no tradition, just look for stuff in any religion that sounds evil and make shit up and claim that as some form of legitimate "spirituality". 
 




 Boo hoo. Nobody cared back in the 1990's and even fewer people care now.  

The whole Satanic Bible plagiarization claim is old news. Yes, LaVey borrowed from other writers. Big deal. He didn't hide any of this. In the early days of the Church of Satan LaVey showed his copy of Might is Right to his close friends and it was no secret that he was influenced by it. He included a Redbeard in his list of dedications in the first printing (To: Ragnar Redbeard, whose might is right). Big fucking whoop.  

As for LaVey "paraphrasing" Rand, that's such a stretch that it's hilarious. He was influenced by Rand, of course. He took bits and pieces of Galt's rambling speech and turned them in Satanic words of wisdom. Great!  

And no, he didn't get his Enochian from Crowley, he got it from John Dee. And he actually changed that around to fit the Satanic feel as well. In fact, one can say Crowley "borrowed" it more directly from Dee. Someone call the fact checker!  

As from Zeena   Schreck's bullshit, that stuff was dismissed as obviously slander. What's not mentioned is that at the time of the publication Zeena   Schreck were struggling to get control of the Church of Satan and its assets, so they conjured up as much dirt as they could, true or false. Much of it false, with key people rejecting those claims (Karla, Stanton, and even Zeena herself would later recall things differently). Was LaVey the perfect husband and father? Probably not. But that doesn't take away from his philosophy, or even the character that he was. 




 Friendly dog goes up to one cop and gets petted, goes to greet the other cop who's scared of his own shadow and murders him point blank.  









 Here's a fun exercise. Replace your logic for the dog's breed with a human race and see how that sounds.  

No, [pit bulls are not known to be any more unpredictable than any other dog](http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/pit-bulls-safety?page=3). That's just ignorant fear mongering. They cannot just easily take off a man's arm.  




 I think there's been a lot of progress made by Satanists and non-Satanists in the AI/Robotics industry. I look forward to future developments.  









 I've been stopping into just about every shop in San Diego and [Honey Badger Firearms](https://honeybadgerfirearms.com) is by far the best. It's not a storefront yet, the owner Gio rents an office within a mechanic shop where you meet up with him by appointment. You can check his inventory via the webpage or Armslist. His prices are the lowest in the area and is dedicated to customer service. When I picked up my rifle he showed me how to properly field strip it, clean it, and attached the sling. He even replaced the bullet button (side switch instead of underneath) for no charge.  




 Here's an article by Blanche Barton on education and schooling:   

[Mandatory Education: Teaching Pigs To Sing](http://churchofsatan.com/mandatory-education.php) 




 Here are some helpful articles from Church of Satan Priestess Lydia Gage from her Satanic Parenting magazine (out of print)   

[IGNOR/ance: the Root of the Problem](http://churchofsatan.com/ignorance-root-of-problem.php)   

[Encouraging Magical Concepts](http://churchofsatan.com/encouraging-magical-concepts.php) 




 Don't need to get into a sociological/political tangent, but I wouldn't say Hobbes was anthropologically disproven. Much of his criticisms come from socialist/anarchist writers, who seem to ignore that Hobbes would see small clans as lust/carnal concords.   

That said, some Satanists I know would agree and prefer small, well defined and defended clans.  




 Those wars would happen regardless. Whether or not those executing the wars are doing so on Satanic principles is irrelevant. I mean, ideally, sure, but that won't happen any time soon. 









 The way I see it, Satanism is a tool. You use Satanism to accomplish other things in the real world. The Satanic Bible is the owners manual. Some people already know how to use the tool, they've got an natural talent for it. Others need a primer, and beginners guide. But once they got that down, they'll move on and build things of great person value.  

Peter Gilmore addresses this paradox in this interview: [The Church of Satan, and the paradox of individualist religion](http://www.churchofsatan.com/paradox-of-individualist-religion.php)  

"Satanism empowers Satanists to be the center of their own subjective universe, their own gods so to speak, so it is their personal values and desires motivating their activism or any other pursuits, not Satanism itself. It is important to note that Satanism is not a cause, rather it is a set of principles that serve as a tool for each Satanist to get the most out of life. So activism in the name of Satanism is meaningless, since there is nothing that can stop one from employing the principles of Satanism as a personal tool for survival and prosperity. "

 




 Hello, Church of Satan Reverend here who has studied LaVey's system of magic for several years.  
LaVeyan rituals are purely atheistic, just a form of psychodrama...   
  
In many cases, yes, LaVey's Satanic magic can be purely psychodrama and therapeutic. But that's not its limit. Using LaVey's system many of us Satanists who are interested in ritual magic study and explore the limits of unconscious and conscious influence, and the possibilities of externalized projections of our egos and subconscious through bio-adrenal stimulation.   

I don't understand what he means when I say I lack respect and that I'm naive.   

From a Satanic perspective, I would ask; do you have any guilt or doubts? Ouija boards are often projections of your own fears and desires, either conscious or subconscious. Take it from there. 









 Kind of useless to determine what's "correct" when it comes to Enochian. The Golden Dawn system by MacGregor Mathers was a re-interpretation from Dee's source, which was inconsistent and disorganized at best. LaVey used the Keys because of the psychological, dramatic impact they would have on the practitioner (he confirms this in his forward to "Might is Right"). From a Satanic perspective, it doesn't matter if the Enochian is "accurate", it only matters that it works (drives bio-adrenal energy). What difference does it make if the language you use is accurate if you don't believe in the the beings that this language is said to communicate with?  




 My stomach loves you for this thread. My wallet, not so much. 









 The symbol is the alchemical symbol for sulfur/brimstone, which LaVey incorporated. The nonsensical "prayer" is overlayed on John Dee's Sigillum Dei, which was a Sigil used to communicate with/control Angels, only if you have a divine connection with God.   

So this doesn't make a whole lot of sense and serves only to act spooky and ignorant.  

Correction: /u/mindmaster064 is right, this is Frater Achad's personal sigil, not the Sigillum Dei. That said, the idea is similar, communication with angels, etc. 




 As someone whose cat was also a door darter I'm relieved to hear the good news. We've trained our little guy by giving him a treat at his favorite sitting spot before we go out. When entering we open the door slowly, if he's peeking out we jingle the keys loudly and scoop him up.  Over time he now rarely comes out to the door and is easily handled. 




 How do you talk with people about your beliefs when you know they don't have the same one? Do you talk with people about it at all?  

I don't. The only people that know about my beliefs are other Satanists or people who are already familiar with Satanism. And even then I very rarely talk *about* Satanism directly. It's an understood common ground. But we will talk about movies, music, art, books, guns... all of which are influenced by our Satanism, so there is that indirect connection.   

Remember the First Satanic Rule:  
 Do not give opinions or advice unless you are asked.  

Match that with the understanding that you have no obligation to be "honest" with strangers or people who will give you a hard time. 



















 You're not going to find any temples of "Lucifer" in biblical times because there was no such thing as "Lucifer" in those times. Current ideas about Lucifer being the Fallen Angel actually comes from a typo. The original King James translation of the Hebrew  (Isaiah 14:12), which means "shining one, morning star", was translated to "lucifer" in about 1604, lowercase, not a proper noun. This was an error and was corrected in later translations. In reality a lucifer was someone was brought light or knowledge. Jesus was called "a lucifer", John the Baptist was a lucifer. So it was a descriptive term, much like the Hebrew word "satan" was a term used to describe an enemy or adversary, not a proper noun. So the original Isaiah 14:12, which is the source of the whole Judeo-Christian mythology of a man, who rises like the morning star, to overseat the throne of god, and fails, was actually a reference to a real-life Babylonian king, most likely Nebuchadnezzar II, **not an angel or being**. ([source](http://books.google.com/books?id=Yf-BVeN6TbIC pg=PA34 lpg=PA34 dq=Dempsey+%22king+remains+obscure%22 hl=en#v=onepage q=Dempsey%20%22king%20remains%20obscure%22 f=false)) So if you were to go back to biblical times and start talking about Lucifer people would look at you funny and say, oh you mean the local teacher? Huh? (Edit: Actually, in biblical times they would have no idea what you were talking about as that word did not exist at all. My scenario would fit in the 1600's when the King James Version was being made). It was only much later, such as the King James Only movement, that Lucifer was made a proper noun and identified with the figure of Satan. Then came the *fictional* works of Paradise Lost and Inferno that expanded on the allegorical symbol of Lucifer. **So I repeat, "Lucifer" did not, at all, exist in any way shape, form, or idea, in biblical times.**

Trivia: a famous early Christian bishop was named Saint Lucifer of Cagliari. His followers were called Luciferians, they were devout, fanatical Christians who opposed Arianism. Arianism was heretical form of Christianity that rejected the holy trinity. You could say Luciferians were the original fundamentalist Christians, and they have nothing to do with our current idea of Lucifer/Occultism/Satanism.  




 As the FAQ states, the Church of Satan is open to the possibility of magic as a naturally occurring carnal phenomenon. That said we do not require our members to "have faith" or even interest in this topic, as we prefer interested individuals to experiment themselves and remain skeptical.  




 Surely a religion that claims godlessness and earthliness has no need for theistic rituals and invocations.  

Who said anything about those being theistic rituals and invocations? LaVey's system of magic requires no belief in any external gods, devils, demons, spirits, etc. All experiences, if any, are subjective and even LaVey himself stated that even in his most powerful workings any personal manifestations are purely the externalization and visualization of his own ego and material/carnal desires.   

"I have this awareness that the objectification is in accord with my own ego. Im not deluding myself that Im calling something that is disassociated or exteriorized from myself the godhead. This Force is not a controlling factor that I have no control over. The Satanic principle is that man willfully controls his destiny; if he doesnt, some other mana lot smarter than he iswill. Satan is, therefore, an extension of ones psyche or volitional essence, so that that extension can sometimes converse and give directives through the self in a way that thinking of the self as a single unit cannot. In this way it does help to depict in an externalized way the Devil per se. The purpose is to have something of an idolatrous, objective nature to commune with. However, man has connection, contact, control. This notion of an exteriorized God-Satan is not new." [Monologue from John Fritschers Popular Witchcraft by Anton Szandor LaVey (1973)](http://www.churchofsatan.com/interview-popular-witchcraft.php)  

[Also from the Church of Satan FAQ on rituals:](http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php)  
WHAT IS A SATANIC RITUAL?

Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery.

However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working.

Rupert Sheldrake, a biologist, has spent many years exploring the extended mind and has solid statistical evidence that there indeed does exist a mechanism in nature that could be used for such ends. His many books are fascinating and worth investigating.

We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information.
 














 Undefiled wisdom, indulgence, vital/carnal existence, the balance of love   hate, bringing vengeance on your enemies, responsibility for your actions, rational self-interest and elitism.  

["What does Satanism mean to you?" (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0) 




 Dimitri posted a direct response to the news. Seems to be getting a better reception than the PR release from a few days ago.  http://aresarmor.com/store/NewsArticle/Letter-to-Customers 




 Looks like this happened sometime after Jastin's death ([source](http://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/2li47v/thank_you_for_your_help_unfortunately_marine_gun/)). There's a lot of financial, emotional, psychological pressures on Dimitri and I hope this helps ease some of it. 














 /r/satanism 




 I've had some experience with Voodoo many years ago, and found it... interesting and dangerous. Warlock Kenaz Filan is an extremely experienced Voodoo practitioner and wrote the following article on [Satanism and the Afro-Caribbean Traditions](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-afro-caribbean-traditions.php) 




 From Secret Life of a Satanist:  
 Indeed, far from preaching sexual or political anarchy, LaVey describes his goal as the creation of a
police state in which the weak are weeded out and the achievement-oriented leadership is permitted to pursue the mysteries
of black magic. 




 I don't see much of an issue here from a moral point of view. The only issue is matter of convenience. That aside, the Satanist should be able to embed itself into such a system and maneuver themselves around such obstructions. How non-Satanists feel or are affected is not much of a concern. Actually, LaVey advocated this because it would lead to the weeding out of the weak amongst the masses, and at the same time give the herd the kind of state it so much wants and yearns for.  




 "In fact, honestly, from the atheistic perspective, what exactly is the difference between Satanism and Humanism aside from aesthetics?"  

This is like saying, well what's the difference between Islam and Mormonism? Both believe in a higher power and established religious laws. The only things Satanism shares with Humanism is the goal of a secularized government and using rationality as the basis for decision making. That's it. Core to humanism is the belief in distributive justice, altruistic morality, and building human communities based on objective ethics. This is not Satanic, at all. For example, a humanist would see human life as objectively valuable, to be preserved at all costs. A Satanist would say no, the value of life is subjective to the individual, and can be measured in terms of productivity, creativity, and strength of will. And it's up to them to defend it. Eugenics is a core goal of Satanism, something incredibly taboo in the Humanist worldview. 




 Honestly, either you've communicated with some pretty lousy Satanists (600 club being a hotbed of that) or you're just not content with the answers provided. I'll address your points but it's clear to me that there are some fundamental first principles we will disagree on.  

"But, Satanism and people's connotations and understanding of Satanism existed well before 1966. It has always meant someone who aligns with, works with, or in some cases "worships" Satan."  
You say this as a given. It's not. There are [numerous](http://www.academia.edu/2050005/The_Devil_s_Party_Satanism_in_Modernity) [religious](http://www.academia.edu/2768697/2008._Rites_of_Autonomy_An_Examination_of_the_Rituals_of_the_Church_of_Satan_Undergraduate_Honours_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University) [academics](https://books.google.com/books?id=f1t_BAAAQBAJ) writing [extensively](http://www.academia.edu/2540808/2012._Satanists_and_Scholars_A_Historiographic_Overview_and_Critique_of_Scholarship_on_Religious_Satanism_Master_s_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University) about the history of Satanism as a mobilized movement and this is not an entirely agreed upon claim. Did the terms "Satanism" and "Satanist" exist prior to 1966? Absolutely. But under what context? Almost entirely it's been used as a condemnation, a derogatory term against those who go against the religious norms or orthodoxy of the time and place in which it's being used. Cathars, Gnostics, Catholics, and Protestants were called Satanic or Satanists, does that make it so? Then of course the Jews were considered Devil Worshipers, along with any indigenous pagan cultures. Even in those rare cases where someone openly considered themselves a "Satanist" or Devil Worshiper, they always operated under existing theological paradigms. A "Satanist" was merely a witch, pagan, or someone interested in the occult. That's all, and always it's still calling for the angels, the power of Christ, etc. Whenever the Devil or demons were conjured, it was for material, carnal rewards, but *always* fell back on salvation, outside of fictional works. And then there are those who other people called "Satanic" but they themselves rejected the term as an insult (Crowley, Blavatsky, etc.). Even the most ardent scholar that has tried come up with an established historical Satanism prior to LaVey has had to give on this: LaVey's philosophy was the very first to openly and proudly formalize a religious paradigm called Satanism that exists on its own. It has its own aesthetics, rituals, dogmas, doctrines, culture,  metaphysics, and traditions.  From "Contemporary Esotericism" by Egil Asprem, Kennet Granholm (from the Gnostica academic series of papers and publications): "LaVey has described how he looked for Satanists before founding the Church of Satan, but did not find any. This is similar to how Graham Harvey speculates that Gerald Gardner searched for "traditional Witches", but without much success. Eventually, after the founding of Wicca, others stepped forward and proclaimed they, unlike Gardner, were in fact truly traditional Witches. Exactly the same thing happened in the case of Satanism."

"If one does not believe in Satan..."  
We do, as the balancing force of nature, and as the externalized projection of our Egos, that if powerful enough, may be projected in the minds of others. Our Satan goes back to the original Hebrew term, which was bastardized by the Christians. 

"metaphysics..." We do have our metaphysics. I don't think you understand the term, as it doesn't necessarily involve "spirituality". We have quite a few members in the hierarchy of the Church of Satan interested in exploring the metaphysical works of Heidegger, and topics such as metaphysical naturalism (yes, I'm aware of the conflicts between naturalism and Dasein, and this is something worth pondering).  

"By identifying as a Satanist, you are CHOOSING to be misunderstood, aren't you?" Maybe for now, even though this is becoming less and less of an issue. "The first hundred years are the toughest". Consider this, Christianity took over 200 years before it became a barely accepted term. We're looking long term, very long term.

LaVey didn't spend time defending his philosophy in his books, he spent that time establishing and expanding on it. His interviews covered this more thoroughly, and he also delegated that responsibility to Reverends in the Church of Satan. 
























 Magic is mainly psychological priming. If allow guilt and regret into it you'll essentially lose that focus. Source: I'm a Reverend in the Church of Satan. 




 Satanism is a functionally atheist, carnal religion. We do not believe in any deities or conscious/communicable external forces. Our entire religion is based on the idea that this our one and only existence and that we are own gods in our subjective lives. We recognize the human need for ritual, symbolism, and metaphor so we choose to use the symbol of Satan to represent our life philosophy. Along with this symbol of Satan we also reject all spiritual moral systems that deny earthly vitality in exchange for spiritual enlightenment or transcendence.  









 1. Got into Satanism when I was a young teenager after reading the works of Anton LaVey. I spent a lot of time at an independent bookstore in the NYC East Village and read through just about everything they had on religions, the supernatural, the occult, etc. I recognized many of my own thoughts and conclusions about the world in LaVey's work.

2. In some ways, yes. But Christianity, like other diseases, has evolved and contaminated other bodies of philosophy and thought. Christianity without Christ or supernaturalism is still our enemy. Satanism is not just opposed to Jesus or Christianity, but the ideas put forth by all White Light Religions. From his biography: "Satanism is not just an atheistic stance but a anti-theistic stance. We prefer destruction of mystically-oriented religions through active opposition rather than simple non-participation."

3. In everything. From the way I dress, how I speak to business partners, to the films I watch. 

4. No. Those that do know either respect me enough to accept it or reach out to me for advice. 




 The "dark force" is really a collective metaphor for all the forces of nature that keep things in balance. It's the carnal drive necessary for procreation, the instinct to exact vengeance when wronged, curiosity that inspires innovation and skepticism, that pit in your stomach when you're saddened or hurt. We call them "dark" because throughout human religious history all these instincts were sinful or carnal (as a pejorative) and lead to temptation. 

We "manifest" these forces through actions, art, or just living life to the fullest. 




 Funny enough, LaVey didn't outright support abortion. He actually made an argument against abortion from a Satanic perspective. But it wasn't about the rights of women, he was concerned about overpopulation. So he advocated birth control, sterilization and eugenics. 

"For example, the science of eugenics provides solutions for the issue of abortion. Satanically speaking, I am against abortion. Yet I do consider a problem of overpopulation. Therefore, I advocate compulsory birth control. Unborn babies did not ask to be conceived. Once conceived, they should have loving, responsible parents, even if adoptive. A stupid, irresponsible woman should not have the right to "decide" what she does with her own body when in all other things, her mind is being controlled by impersonal vested interests. An unborn child's father should influence the outcome of a pregnancy if it can be determined that he is more responsible than the mother. If he is stupid, insensitive and irresponsible, he should be sterilized. Irresponsible parents, male or female, should simply be kept from conceiving children." 




 TST was not created by Doug Mesner aka Lucien Greaves, he's their current media representative. The TST was created by several film producers as a mockumentary, like of like The Yes Men. Mesner joined after a couple of their stunts used hired actors, they needed an "authentic" Satanist to represent them.
Mesner was associated with the Church of Satan via his partnership with Shane Bugbee, who was a member of the CoS. Mesner co-hosted the show Three Ring Radio with Bugbee on the Church of Satan's Radio Free Satan network and was the illustrator of Bugbee's reprint of Might is Right. He parted ways with Satanism completely after Bugbee sold off Radio Free Satan. Whether or not Mesner was officially a member of the organization is unclear, since we do not have records of him being a member under the name Lucien Greaves or Doug Mesner. 




 Was brought here via a mention. I'm an ordained Reverend (fancy way of saying official representative) in the Church of Satan. I've been a member since 2005 and worked closely with a large number of Satanists, both within our organization and outside of it. I was part of the team that developed the Church of Satan website, one of the owners of [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/), and have been featured on television, radio, and print as a spokesman for the Satanic religion and philosophy. 




 Satanism as defined by Anton LaVey is based on functional atheism. We do not acknowledge external conscious deities and live our lives as such. That said we do recognize a dark force in nature that we call Satan, upon which we apply a system of symbols, metaphors, and rituals that stimulate and enrich us.  

So no, it's not "just atheism". We have dogma, ritual, ceremony, tenants, and metaphysics. 




 Yes. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces.

Source: I am a Reverend in the Church of Satan and an official representative of the organization. 




 That's not entirely accurate. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces. 




 That's not entirely accurate. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces. 




 TST is not an offshoot from the CoS. I highly doubt TST would consider themselves such since they current state they do not represent LaVey's philosophy. Their current media representative, Doug Mesner, was only associated with the Church of Satan via his work with Shane Bugbee, one of the original consultants on the Satanic Temple who has since denounced the project. 




 TST was not created by Doug Mesner aka Lucien Greaves, he's their current media representative. The TST was created by several film producers as a mockumentary, like of like The Yes Men. Mesner joined after a couple of their stunts used hired actors, they needed an "authentic" Satanist to represent them.  

Mesner was associated with the Church of Satan via his partnership with Shane Bugbee, who was a member of the CoS. Mesner co-hosted the show Three Ring Radio with Bugbee on the Church of Satan's [Radio Free Satan network](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/) and was the illustrator of Bugbee's reprint of Might is Right. He parted ways with Satanism completely after Bugbee sold off Radio Free Satan. Whether or not Mesner was officially a member of the organization is unclear, since we do not have records of him being a member under the name Lucien Greaves or Doug Mesner. 

The Satanic Temple and the Church of Satan hold very little common ground, and in more recent material TST made it clear that they do not represent LaVey's philosophy. 

Source: I am one of the current directors of Radio Free Satan, a Reverend in the Church of Satan, and worked with both Bugbee and Mesner many years prior to TST. You can also verify this in Mesner's interview in Vice and the Village Voice's investigation into the origins of TST. 




 1. Unmerciful destruction can be anything from public embarrassment, legal action, humiliation, and in some cases physical violence if necessary. 

2. Women in the Church of Satan play a huge role, and not just as naked altars. Our High Priestess, Peggy Nadramia, is critical to daily operations and direction of the organization, and our Witches represent us on television, interviews, and print on a regular basis.

Source: I'm one of the developers of the Church of Satan website and a Reverend in the organization. 




 It's right there in the Satanic Bible. Satanic Magic is based on carnal, materialistic applied Jungian psychology, aesthetics, geometry, hypnosis, mnemonics, and a bit of the unknown. At its most basic level it's psychotherapy. At more advanced levels it can be something more, but still carnal and within the realm of flesh, muscle, and electricity. None of this requires God, gods, demons, spirits, etc. But the terms are useful for stimulation and creating ritual Total Environments. 

"Satanism, realizing the current needs of man, fills the large grey void between religion and psychiatry. The Satanic philosophy combines the fundamentals of psychology and good, honest emotionalizing, or dogma. It provides man with his much needed fantasy."  

Right there as a foreword to the Book of Belial:  
"What good is a study of falsehoods, unless everyone believes in falsehoods? Many, of course, DO believe in falsehoods, but still ACT according to natural law. It is upon this premise that Satanic magic is based."  

"The definition of magic, as used in this book, is: "The change in situations or events in accordance with one's will, which would, using normally accepted methods, be unchangeable." This admittedly leaves a large area for personal interpretation. It will be said, by some, that these instructions and procedures are nothing more than applied psychology, or scientific fact, called by "magical" terminology - until they arrive at a passage in the text that is "based on no known scientific finding". It is for this reason that no attempt has been made to limit the explanations set forth to a set nomenclature. Magic is never totally scientifically explainable, but science has always been, at one time or another, considered magic." 




 Looks to be a rip from The Church of Satan Interview Archive DVD from Purging Talon... 




 It's not a reproduction per se, it's actually a special print by the original publisher, Harper Collins, made available via Rabid Crow. 




 Oh I'm sure there's something to that. But what I'm referring to are people who pour over these modern spooky grimoires written by people who couldn't pass Into to Latin. They'll talk about achieving sinister enlightenment and communion with higher powers but don't have anything to show for it. That's the rub and what LaVey hated about people who obsessed with the occult. 




 Christopher Lee wasn't a random actor, he was an obvious aesthetic and cinematic influence on many Satanists who grew up watching his films. Gilmore explains it pretty well in the actual article.  









 As for agnosticism, the Satanic position would be "god might exist, but who cares?"  




 The Church of Satan is a "functionally" atheist organization. I say functionally because we do not disregard the idea of god altogether but we operate as if there were no governing supernatural deities. We do reject the idea of gods existing as conscious independent supernatural entities, but we do accept ourselves as gods of our own subjective universe. This isn't a small thing, it is the basis of the entire Satanic philosophy. It's what ties LaVey's philosophy to the Left Hand Path tradition, the idea of self-deification, but instead of occultnik spiritual mumbo jumbo, we fulfill this through mastery of carnal existence.  




 You might be interested in this http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-afro-caribbean-traditions.php 




 Some of our most active members of the Church of Satan are not white. We don't go around flying their colors though, and neither do (or should) they.  

Satanism is an individualistic philosophy, so general racism is inherently un-Satanic. That said, Satanism does recognize scientifically proven genetic variations between races, and accepts that reach individual should exploit and mitigate any aspects of their own makeup to the best of their ability. This does not mean that one should feel superior to another purely based on the color of their skin.   

The Church of Satan is an international organization and we have contacts in all the major continents (can't speak for Antarctica). It's obvious that we in Western nations have certain freedoms others don't, where we may fear social or career conflicts with our religion, Satanists in other nations may face certain death or imprisonment.   

One of the major works in recent years has been getting more and more material by LaVey and Peter Gilmore translated into different languages, including a Spanish translation of the Satanic Scriptures to satisfy our growing membership in Latin America.  




 I don't think it's controversial to say that SDJ had a passing interest in Satanism. He was good friends with Aquino and LaVey, and kept in touch with Diane. His PR people have gone out of their way to distance him from those days, and Sammy played along, as he should.  
He was obviously into the carnal aspects of Satanism, and I would consider him a defacto Satanist (a person, whether or not they self-identify, who's life and work is Satanic). 




 The Church of Satan represents and advances the philosophies and metaphysics of Anton LaVey, as described in The Satanic Bible and his other works. This includes his ideas on magic, human nature, stratification, and applied science   technology.  

A common misconception seems to be that TST is somehow a variation of LaVey's philosophy. They aren't, even though some of there early members were involved with the CoS in direct   indirect ways. But a close examination would show that their principles and tenants are very much *not* from LaVey, but are sourced from various Secular Humanist material. I've noticed that in recent interviews and press releases that TST has started to distance itself from LaVey altogether. People say that because TST is an atheist organization that they share that "atheist" platform with LaVey and the Church of Satan. That isn't accurate. We *do* believe in a force of nature that we symbolically refer to as Satan. We do not believe it's anthropomorphic or that it can (or care to) communicate with humans, it just is. Does gravity listen to the prayers of the passengers of a plane about to crash? We also do not believe a continued existence in an afterlife, but we are open to certain things that can be considered supernatural. I like to say we are "functionally" atheist and healthy skeptics. TST does not condone any belief in the supernatural at all. 




 If you have any other questions feel free to PM me. 




 Different people have their reasons. Some want to tap into a network of like-minded individuals for their mutual benefit (as /u/johnnywatts states), others just want throw in their support for an organization that upholds the philosophy they believe in. We have many members who join just to say "thanks for being around" and never reach out again. We have members who never tell another person of their affiliation, and we're contacted after they've passed and a family member finds their membership card in a safe.   

When I first joined the Church of Satan it was mostly to acknowledge the body of work that their membership has produced and the suppport that their members had given me. I was a concert promoter and I noticed that just about every other show I helped put on had a COS member involved, or that there were many COS members in attendence. I had long considered myself a Satanist and supportive of the organization and its representatives, so I thought it was time I paid the Devil his due.   

Keep in mind, joining the COS doesn't make one a better or more authentic Satanist. It doesn't even make one a Satanist at all. It's about what *you* put into it, or don't. Like I explained elsewhere, the $200 is mostly a real, physical barrier to entry. We only want people who thought it through and really wanted to join. The amount is both high enough to warrant a second thought and low enough to be reasonable for a person with sufficient means.  




 You pursue the implementation of Satanism by being the best you can be in the areas of your own influence. Be it your career, art, or personal achievements amongst your peers. Set out to be a shining example of what the Satanic philosophy can accomplish when met with skill and force of will. Communicate your goals and your accomplishments with the organization and you may be pointed towards others who share your goals and interests. We have members who are writers who work with publishers, musicians who go on tour together, web designer who collaborate with developers, professors who tap the shoulders of academics and the insight of brilliant minds, entrepreneurs learning from one another. I personally recently hooked up a producer of a show who needed a musician to come up with a soundtrack. 

We're realists and understand that the internet is the most productive and wide reaching way for our international base to coordinate with one another. Like I said, individual members are free to gather and get to know each other in person. We will hold some official gathering in the future, but we will decide how much to reveal to the public or even our general membership. Realize that we're not omniscient. People can apply to our organization, join, and be active but still be unstable or have some ax to grind without us knowing. For example, if we were holding a celebration for a high profile member, we'd probably want to make this an invite only event with members who've shown us to be trustworthy and interested. So if you join, keep us informed and we'll keep you in the loop. 




 Yes, that could point towards a political leaning for a Satanist, and for many it is. I don't think every Satanist needs to agree with that word-for-word, and a case could be made that they could support a small social net in order to keep a Hobbesian all-against-all at bay. 

"This is harsh, but that is the way of the world. We embrace reality and do not try to transform it into some utopia that is contrary to the very fabric of existence."  

That's ultimately the key. Whatever social welfare we support it's not to dream for some utopian society where the needs of the herd are met. It's done so we can maximize our own personal interests. To borrow a term from physics, I believe such social programs to be a weak force, they work well in small groups, break when made large. But this is a whole other discussion. 




 I don't see the dissonance, what Gilmore wrote is descriptive, it would be the natural outcome of certain social and environmental situations. 




 My comment was not aimed at anyone who is content with their life, regardless of their monetary success. If that struck a nerve with you, that was not my intent. What I was aiming at are those who keep harping that our membership fee is some kind of greedy con (any MBA can tell you we do not have a profitable model) and that their public forum with thousands of free members somehow makes them relevant in some way. Which leads to OP's issue. And what LaVey was talking about was in regards to people trying to impress him with all their occult mumbo jumbo and how they were some great Anti-Cosmic grand wizards but couldn't pay the rent, so brother spare a dime?

I know this makes some people uncomfortable, but money is a useful metric for success. It is perfect? No. But it works well enough to filter out the flood of garbage our kind of aesthetic attracts.  

Your life story is not unusual for a Satanist, shit happens, you suck it up and handle your business. I'd be more proud of myself if I were you. Hell, if I'm ever in DC I wouldn't mind getting a drink and talking video games.  




 As for evidence of successful members, I believe /u/Witch_Zaftig covered that well enough. We're not in the business of making martyrs or attracting people who need validation from others. We want individuals who are willing to stand on their own accomplishments. 




 He was involved in setting things into motion and working with Greenwald. Also featured in the film.  

Our stance in regards to other organizations (most of which are little more than small circles of friends) comes not from a vacuum but from decades of experience. Every "Satanic" organization we've ever even considered affiliating with has embarrassed or misrepresented LaVey's philosophy in significant ways. Most of the time these people just want their own little fiefdoms to declare themselves Grand Master Flash over. This is why the grotto system was disbanded. Too many people joining the CoS only so they can dress up and fill a social void without contributing anything to the implementation of Satanism in the real world. All this leads to the very issue in your post, the image of a bunch of losers being representatives of the Satanic religion. Consider it a form of quality control. If that makes us look mean or arrogant in the "occult community", so be it, that ceased to be where we draw our most productive members a long time ago. We'll have no part of that rush to the bottom, even if it costs us potential numbers. 

We do encourage individual members to get together at events or functions if they share goals and interests. I've been to and heard of such gatherings in Southern California, Salt Lake City, NYC, Vermont, Florida, Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, and others.  

Aquino's drama was almost 40 years ago. He held his position because he was beneficial to the organization and LaVey considered him a friend. When he left he took a lot of kooky baggage with him and that was for the best. Since then we've both moved on, the TOS no longer considers themselves a Satanic organization in any way. As for Rex Church, even he admitted in his open letter of resignation that he hid his Theistic beliefs from the COS, knowing full well that they contradict our philosophy. We went our separate paths and both are better off. He's free to pursue his activities without the need to hide anything, and we remain consistent with our philosophy. Don't see the big deal.

Here's LaVey on the failure of the Grotto system and why we don't pursue organized recurring social functions. People seem to think that this was something new with Gilmore, but it's not, it's been operating procedure for decades.  

I realized many people were joining our ranks simply because it was a guarantee of friends, or because they wanted glory of passing tests to earn degrees, much like the lodge hall Grand Poobahs who take off their robes and vestments and become the local plumber again outside their lodge. They were getting more spook-appeal out of being members of the Church of Satan than we were getting esteem from having them among our membership. As an organization grows, group activities only cause contention, drain vital energy that could be better applied elsewhere and eventually become counterproductive. Teaching people that theyre all right and society is all wrong, that the only ones who really understand them and that they can relate to are within the group, is damaging in the long run. It only reinforces their own inability to deal with the larger world.  
Thats one reason why I dissolved the Grotto system. I wanted to create of forum, a loosely-structured cabal for the
productive aliens, not misfits who need to depend on a group. After the re-organization, I was free to be more selective. I
would much rather attract and lend support to those individuals who use their alienation  just as most leaders are usually
different or distinctive in some way. Groups encourage dependence on beliefs and delusions to reinforce their omnipotence
rather than applying magic on an individual basis, as The Satanic Bible outlines. Instead of fostering self-sufficiency and
honest skepticism, I saw my group lapsing into blind belief and unhealthy anthropomorphism. Thats not what I intended and I had to make moves to get the Church of Satan back on track. 




 a. Yes, one of the key people behind the film is a member of the Church of Satan. You can dig around and find out without much effort. He doesn't hide it nor does he openly talk about it, like many of our successful members.

b. I suppose that depends on what you disagree with and if they're actual point of conflict. I've found that some people have misconceptions about the organization, or feel that because one member says or does one thing they're not comfortable with it must apply to whole entity. That's not always the case. 




 Also keep in mind that not everything someone does must be directly tied to Satanism. Satanism isn't the end result, it is a tool to be used. 




 Hah, he's gotten better responses since then. He's certainly more Left leaning than other Satanists, but I can see the Satanic angle to that statement. Go experience this one life. 




 First of all, judging Satanism by the people in online forums is probably not the best course of action. While many Satanists are on social networks, not all are, and the most successful of them either aren't or aren't open about their Satanism online.  

Second of all, SIN consists of the bottom of the barrel "Satanists". They're founded by a reject who could barely hold a job and lives with his mother at age 40. And what you observed is what happens when you have no barrier to entry, you attract anyone and everyone who thinks being a Satanist is cool and spooky without any sense of quality control.  

People complain about the membership fee for the Church of Satan and yet this is exactly why it's there. It's a real, material barrier to entry. If $200 is a struggle for you, then may you should reconsider joining an organization that supports a power and elitism philosophy. That's less than I spend on a decent night out with my wife or ammunition at the range with friends. Anton LaVey was all about results. He didn't care if you memorized his texts or practiced every ritual, he cared that you actually made a difference in the real world. And not just to talk about it, but show it by gathering wealth, power, and influence.  

At the recent Year 50 Conclave we had several successful Satanists demonstrate their achievements, including lawyers, entrepreneurs, corporate executives, computer security researchers, environmental scientists, musicians, engineers, and university professors. And those are only the ones that are open and chose to present themselves. You won't find our Reverends holding "gatherings" at the parking lot of a metal show, you'll find them doing [TED talks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYFmJ9y6svg), producing [critically acclaimed documentaries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizenfour), lecturing [at universities](http://cimminneeholt.com/) [and](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8UPNFcnYIM) [events](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL47BE9BBAA6FD9C9F).

As LaVey said, water seeks its own level. 









 Not sure if you're joking or...  

FYI, I 100% agree with Adam and Erin's statements on the emotionally disabled student who's trying to sue because she couldn't take an exam. Trigger warning: life is hard. Deal with it. Contrary to egalitarian belief not everyone can be anything they want to be.  









 [Best ouija board.](http://pbfcomics.com/220/) 




 I approve of everything in this photo, especially the 12 year scotch. 




 She isn't even nude though...  

If you want Satanic nudity you might as well go to an actual Satanic porn star like [Ophelia Rain](https://www.twitter.com/OpheliaRainXXX) 




 Atheism is a building block in Satanism, but not the end-result. Atheists say there are no gods, and that's that. Satanism says, sure, objectively there are no conscious gods (LaVey and Gilmore both put forth the idea that Satan can be seen as a force of nature, unconscious, and uninterested in human affairs), but we still have a social and psychological need for religion and deification. So we self-deify by acknowledging that man creates gods, so who better than ourselves.  

I would also say that the common ground with Humanism and Satanism is small, especially when we talk about institutional Secular Humanism. Secular humanism has a strong emphasis on altruistic morality and distributive justice, which Satanism completely rejects. Humanism also holds "human" life above all else and sees it as objectively valuable, where Satanism sees human life as cheap and only as valuable as the individual living it sees it. In many cases human life is seen as worth less than animal life.  

Yes, rituals are an important part of Satanism. 




 Half of the people who complain about Magus Gilmore say he's too much like LaVey, the other half complains that he's too different from LaVey. Gilmore is not LaVey, he's his own person with his own focus and approach to Satanism and how it applies to today's current affairs.   

In my opinion, Magus Gilmore pays less attention to (but does not disregard) ritual Greater Magic and the supernatural elements of Satanism. That said he does dedicate a chapter to the practice in [the Satanic Scriptures](http://underworldamusements.bigcartel.com/product/the-satanic-scriptures).   

It's important to understand the context of the times as well. When LaVey started the Church of Satan he needed to be his own publicist. He needed to be a showman and shock people to let the world know that Satanists are real and have an organized religion of their own. This tapered off into the 80's, where LaVey himself said that phase was over, and the new phase was to start implementing Satanic ideals in the real world. So Magus Gilmore is a continuation of that. He's a lot less interested in attracting rock stars and celebrities who tend to burn out quickly and ditch Satanism in favor of the next trendy thing, and spends more time talking to successful entrepreneurs and established academics. Gilmore is also focusing on growing the Church of Satan as an international organization.  

You can hear Reverend Campbell ask Gilmore himself what he sees as the differences between himself and Doctor LaVey in his Year 50 interview on 9sense, [fast forwarded here](https://youtu.be/6b5m2R6TPso?t=30m57s). 




 99.9% of the questions posted here, including yours, can be answered by reading the FAQ. For more details read the accompanying material.

[Church of Satan FAQ](http://www.churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php  )

[Satanism: Theory   Practice](http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php)

[Church of Satan Interviews](http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-interviews.php) 




 If people are scared of Satanism because they think some devil is going to appear in a cloud of smoke and kill them then fine, go away. We don't want you. That's the point. We don't want everyone. If the word "Satan" is enough to scare them from actually reading and doing your own research, then they should go cuddle up with someone else.  




 Because individualism, humanism, etc. are not religions. Satanism is a religion. We do believe in something we call Satan, but it's not the devil in horns that lives in this place called Hell. We believe Satan is the natural instincts in humans that has always been repressed by White Light religions throughout history. It's the force of nature that keeps things in balance. It has no thoughts, no emotions, and doesn't care what people think or do. It just is. Like the force of gravity. We call that Satan. Satanism is not humanism and there's a lot in our philosophy that is anti-humanism. Individualism is part of our philosophy, but we do not believe all people are individuals (most people are herd animals).   

Satanism is a combination, expansion, and reinvention of many different philosophies and ideologies, when taken in sum stands on its own. 














 If you're ugly, use that to your advantage. Become a terror to those that would belittle you and a source of awe and inspiration for others. 




 You must be referring to the Ninth Satanic Sin: Lack of Aesthetics. LaVey states that the Satanist should have an understanding of what's visually stimulating and use it to their advantage. This does not always mean "beautiful". He gives the example of using a sinister or frightening aesthetic for certain situations, or if you're a older man, maybe the look of a wise old sage. The idea is that you should recognize that visual signals are an important part of Lesser Magic and a Satanist would be a fool to think it doesn't matter how they look. 




 What made Zeena go Buddhist? I have no idea and I really don't care. It's clear that she left the Temple of Set for exactly the same reason she left the Church of Satan, she wanted more power and she was denied. I think Buddhism gave her an audience that was open to manipulation and victimhood, so she can be seen as a spiritual leader, like she always wanted. 




 One of the core fundamental concepts in Buddhism is la, or ethical conduct, and it is completely based on abstinence (abstain from killing, abstain from taking what is not given, abstain from sensual misconduct, abstain from liquors, wines, etc.) This is completely against the Satanic principle of indulgence. Also consider the Noble Eightfold Path strives to eradicate hate   greed, where Satanism says hate and greed are productive natural instincts that should be exercised. I would say Buddhism is fundamentally incompatible with Satanism. 




 LaVey warned against giving people credit just based on who their parents are, and that includes his own children. Zeena left the Church of Satan in 1990 and renounced Satanism. Any statements made after that time do not reflect Satanism at all. 




 Errr... No. Thats ridiculous. The Church of Satan does not endorse racism. People should be judged on their own individual merits. We do acknowledge scientifically provable human biodiversity and believe it to be a field that should be fully explored without fear or taboo.  




 The only time I've been asked about the Sigil of Baphomet in public was once in Disneyland. I was wearing a CoS polo shirt and a cast member asked "What does that symbol mean? I see people wearing that here often". I said it's the symbol for Satanism and the Church of Satan. Many of our members have a fondness for Disney's work and consider Disneyland to be a special place.  

But that's a stranger, and you're asking about someone familiar with you. Depends, but at that point you're probably best of at least explaining it on simple terms. It's the symbol that represents your philosophy, based on individualism, rationalism, and an appreciation for life and all its wonders. Obviously this is a glowing angle on our religion, they can figure out the rest on their own if they want. 




 [What?](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/what1.gif) 




 I think it'd be a far stretch to consider TST on the Left Hand Path. The idea of the Left Hand Path is the use of black magic to achieve self-deification and fulfillment of the will. TST completely rejects the idea of ritual magic, in any form. I would posit that they also reject the idea of self-deification, as that implies stratification, which contradicts their egalitarian position.   









 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-on_sentence 




 All of his official books mentioned in this thread are required reading if you want to get a strong understanding of his philosophy. But I would suggest you read [Letters from the Devil](http://underworldamusements.bigcartel.com/product/letters-from-the-devil) right after your next selection. LFTD is a collection of questions and responses from LaVey's time as a magazine columnist from the late 60's and early 70's. You'll notice that he's answering questions back then that many people are asking today, even on this sub. Many of my responses on basic questions (why "Satan", our stance on crime and drugs, politics, Satanism vs. Humanism) are sourced from this collection, based on things LaVey said himself on those topics. The book also contains much of LaVey's sense of humor.  




 Sigh. Don't worry, I've seen the nipples. Do you really want to be [this guy](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/024/183/500pxShopped.jpg) or do you have some kind of complex? 




 On Satanism and Objectivism: http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php   
 




 I actually enjoyed this article, believe it or not! Some of the first people who advocated for cryptocurrency were Satanists, including a CoS Priest who analyzed the security of Bitcoin in its early years. 

Not sure if you've been to our website recently but we do [accept donations](http://churchofsatan.com/support-the-organization.php), though we do not advertise it normally. We have accepted personal Bitcoin transactions in the past but not for membership, and probably not for a while for various reasons as this was something we have considered. Maybe for donations.  

You're right though, we aren't a charity. We're not altruists, we believe time and resources should be compensated.  




 They're something called abductor muscles, commonly referred to as "abs". Highly recommended.   
Would share the uncensored image but... nah. Here is a link to the model. 

https://www.facebook.com/carlottachampagnefans 




 Good one! I'm not the designer, but I can pass the suggestion on to Ashley Palmer of ASP Apparel and Kevin Slaughter of Underworld Amusements for consideration.   

I also prefer knives for personal concealed protection, never leave home without one. 




 I do consider myself a realist in certain definitions, I believe there's an objective reality out there, and science is the best tool we have for understanding it. It doesn't mean I discard everything else, or ignore instances of pessimistic induction (what was once scientifically true is now false, and vice versa). I keep an open mind, but I don't let my brain fall out.  

No, not a "theist" at all. I don't believe any of this requires any belief in external intervening gods, spirits, or demons. It's all flesh, mind, and electricity.  




 Read the online material and figure it out. If you have more questions read the The Satanic Bible. It's fairly short and an entertaining read.   

http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php

http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php

[The Satanic Bible](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0380015390/churchofsatan)  

 




 In my experience I've observed the very real effects of aesthetics, architecture, and audio stimuli as they are applied in a ritual setting. At a basic level participants are affected and can change the world according to the goals of the working. That's why the most effective rituals are those with large audiences (performances, etc)

But that's not the end of it. I understand that OP and you are asking about influence at a distance. I believe there to be so many variables at play that it will be a very long time before there can be any substantial scientific claims on this phenomenon. I believe most projected influence to be minimal, limited by what LaVey termed the Balance Factor (realistic expectations).   

LaVey addressed the skepticism of magic by noting that nothing but extreme, highly repeatable physical manipulation will only begin to convince the hardcore skeptic. He proposed that the amount of psychic energy to accomplish this could be used to gather an army across the world (proposed, not saying this can be done), so why would this person bother with that exercise if he wouldn't be believed anyway?   

Personally I see magic as a subtle art that can tip things in your favor. Workings are like a combination lock, requiring various pieces to fall into place, some in your control, some not. I've had more than a few lucky coincidences in my life not to dismiss the Seventh Rule. 




 Here are some basic premises: all religions and gods are created by man. There is no such thing as divine intervention or transcendence. So we created our own religion, gave it the name and symbols that best suit our needs. If that doesn't satisfy you, well, have a listen to the world's smallest violin.   

It's the 50th year and we've just got started. So far, so good.  




 We do believe in something we call Satan, but it's not the anthropomorphic Christian deity. Satan is the balancing force in nature, and we build on that with a system of symbols and metaphors that represent the Hebrew idea of the Adversary. 














 Yes. 




 Interestingly enough one of the latest political arenas we've seen LaVey's teachings applied has been the Neoreactionary/Dark Enlightenment movement. I've spoken to several writers from that camp who've named LaVey and several other Satanists as influences. But anyway... this dance has gone on for 50 years. The Left wrings its hands about our support for eugenics, Social Darwinism, and Lex Talonis. And the Far Right tend to have such a terrible sense of humor. Oh yeah, then there's that whole Jew thing. "Confound and confuse til the stars be numbered." 

I suggest you get familiar with the idea of pragmatism. It'll serve you well when you're out in the real world. And yes, I get what you were implying with that "black nail polish" comment. Learn a little about confirmation bias before you make such lazy generalizations. Ultimately we don't care much about the people initially attracted to Satanism and what baggage they bring. We're interested in the few people who actually understand it, apply it and gain power in the real world. 




 Hah! Good catch. Fixed. 




 It's nice having your own schedule and [business class Wi-Fi](http://i.imgur.com/665ePhK.jpg). 









 What do you make of it? You exercise it. If you drop the Social Darwinism you no longer have Satanism. Period.  




 Have you even met any Church of Satan members? I don't remember any of them wearing black nail polish, unless they were females. The last few that I've talked with include a political lobbyist, a CNN correspondent, a member of WikiLeaks, a nuclear scientist, a Navy Seal, lawyers and business executives, standup comics, and university professors.   

Sorry, but being 21 and living on a college campus doesn't qualify you in any significant way. Satan is real, but not as some ineffectual occult bullshit, but in the energy and force behind the people actually causing change in the real world.  




 LaVey's philosophy is needed now more than ever. If you think his message is strictly anti-Judeo-Christian (learn to spell it if you're going to address it), then you need to work on your reading comprehension (if you read any of his material at all).  

OP's list is his own subjective application of Satanism. I don't agree with it, and I think many other Satanists won't either. I could easily come up with a list that's directly the opposite of these points that are more closely aligned with LaVey's philosophy. But that shouldn't matter, it's up to each person to decide how they want to integrate Satanism in their lives.   

We believe in some things that could be considered "supernatural", though we don't think them to be spiritual in nature. We also do accept magic beyond psychodrama, though we do not require blind-belief in this.   
Don't be a dummy, what in the world makes you think High Priest Gilmore posts on Facebook? Because we have an official page? You do realize that other people can maintain and post to a Facebook page, and many large organizations have a staff that handles things things, right? I would know because I'm part of that staff that posts and moderates it. Sorry to burst your bubble but Peter Gilmore is not on social media.   

The person trying hardest to be "edgy" in this sub recently is you, so don't try that.  




 If by evil you mean cheap. Last hardcover limited press book I bought cost $80. Half of this book, in used hardcover, usually goes for $700-$900 (check the screenshots on the page). Think this could have easily sold for $150 all day. 




 That can be your personal synthesis of Satanism and Liberal Humanism, but wouldn't say much of that has to do with Satanism specifically. Either way, if that works for you that's great. 




 Yes, it's a special pressing through Harper Collins that's part of our Year 50 series of announcements and events. 




 Always good to have an extra one for marking up, dog eared, and with references, and another one for special occasions.  









 Thank you for the conversation, had a great time! 




 How old are you? 




 As the director of RFS I'm making it a goal to step up the production quality of our shows in the coming year. Hell, I need to get back on a regular schedule with my own show. Have you heard Terror Transmission? That's one of the best produced podcasts out there, in my opinion. http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/terrortransmission/ 




 Remember the sin of self-deceit. The Satanist knows her strengths and weaknesses, and knows when to seek the advice or assistance of others. Being an individual doesn't mean you're an isolationist. Even wolves have their packs, choose yours wisely. 




 While there is some common ground between Secular Humanism and Satanism, there exists some core differences. Like you say, the sacrifice of the individual for the good of humanity is ultimately conflicting with Satanism. Keep in mind that Satanism is not a normalized philosophy. We do not believe that everyone is or can be a Satanist, so he or she many see it to their best interest to advocate Secular Humanist policies without subjecting themselves those principles.  

Listen to High Priest Gilmore on Point of Inquiry for more on Satanism vs. Secular Humanism http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/ 




 Stay Strange does regular outsider/DIY music events throughout the city. Not seeing anything currently booked in your time frame but follow them online and see if something comes up.   

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stay-Strange/343201505692906?pnref=lhc  

Website: http://staystrange.com/upcoming-stay-strange-shows/ 




 Did you even read the comment I made? What's morbid about supporting technology that may help you eliminate disorders or cancers? A number of well established organizations support such research such as International Association for the, Advancement of Ethnology and Eugenics, Galton Institute, Human Betterment Foundation, Planned Parenthood, Mensa, and others. 




 Yes, eugenics is an inherently Satanic concept. Yes, the Church of Satan supports eugenics research and implementation. And yes, Peter H. Gilmore did write about and support eugenics. But if you read the article it states that there are normally two forms of eugenics, negative and positive. Negative eugenics is the restriction of genes through sterilization and birth control. Positive eugenics increases fit genes through the promotion of procreation (financial incentives, etc.). Peter H. Gilmore advocated a Satanic Third Side (which genetic scientists have called "New Eugenics"), which is the advancement of genetic engineering and embryo profiling. He also did not advocate a compulsory system.  

Satanism says "responsibility to the responsible". If you choose to have children, do so rationally and be ready to tackle the challenges you may face.  




 It's not the only entry http://lccn.loc.gov/2001005141 









 That's something for the individual Satanist to decide. As someone who grew up in ghetto neighborhoods I have little to no sympathy for the "less fortunate". That said I could see a Satanic angle in keeping a minimal welfare system with strong drug and timeline restrictions. The question is "who benefits?" The individual Satanist may benefit if it means a safer neighborhood, and his own ego would will get the satisfaction of helping others.  




 The thing is that the Five Point Plan is general and broad by design. It's part of that balance of the Church of Satan being a loose individualist organization. We provide some guidelines but we ultimately do not take official positions as that would misrepresent many of our members who wish to apply our philosophy in different ways, or who may not be interested in those topics at all.   

Our public representatives mention the Five Point Plan frequently, I know I have and I hear it mentioned on 9sense regularly. I believe Rev Campbell even dedicates segments of his show to the points. The balance here to is not proselytize but to give material to those who are interested. That said, I do not see another revision any time soon. Blanche Barton wrote her revisited article in 2013 in the Cloven Hoof, in which she covered each point with current perspective. Members are free to address other issues not in the plan at their will, or ignore the plan altogether. Maybe in the future we may look into expanding. I could see the environmentalism being a possible addition.  




 That would make sense, yes.  




 First of all, the Church of Satan never had a public political agenda, so to say it moved away from that is inaccurate. The Five Point Program has always been a general guideline for individuals to pursue and use as a barometer to determine if they wish align themselves with the organization. We do not want to make headlines as the Church of Satan. We have many members who are out there pushing those Five Points in their lives but we do not require, or even desire, them to attach our name to their projects. We believe a Satanic revolution will happen and is happening without people realizing it. I can expand on some ways out members are active in each area.

1.  Blanche Barton gave a few examples of how this can be achieved in her revisited article. There are Satanists working closely with political organizations whose purpose is to cut government spending, cut social welfare programs, and  restriction government intervention. This includes about both local and national politics and a number of well funded think tanks. Very rarely do these individuals mention their Satanism by name, but their actions speak volumes. Focus has increased, and will be a talking point in the upcoming elections. 

2. Not a focal point at the moment. Social norms have yet to accept the taxation of religious institutions. But HBO's recent Going Clear documentary on Scientology planted a seed on the absurdity of religious tax laws, so we hope that will bear fruit in the future.  

3. The current Church-State debate is an obvious focal point. We have many members directly supporting and functioning in organizations like the Center of Inquiry, American Atheists, JREF, and others. We've had guests on skeptical and atheist podcast, radio shows (I just did one for a Miami based group), conferences, and more, nearly all on the common ground in the fight to keep our secular government. But some other points of interest would be the legalization of marijuana and right to die with dignity (both often fought by religious right).   

4. We have some very public members working on such things as Real Dolls, demonic baby dolls, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. Much of this ties with the last point.   

5. This one is fought both in the virtual and carnal worlds. On the former we have members pursuing virtual environments and AI. As for the latter, we have several public Satanists showing off their beautiful (or terrifying) homes and others manufacturing the products and materials necessary to give it that Satanic touch. But with that comes the need for privacy. With increased government surveillance and data collection comes the real threat of Thought Crime and a crackdown on outsider interests. Part of the goal of Total Environments and Artificial Human Companions is to have safe place to exorcize taboo interests without fear of hurting others or bringing unwanted attention.  This has been a hard fought issue for some very well known Satanists, including one Reverend who was featured in an Academy Award winning documentary on the issue.  

So my point is, we are out there, making our moves as best we see fit. The Church of Satan exists to reach out to others who may share our goals and applications, not as a political party. We're interested in people who are out there right now applying these points in the real world, not those who are waiting on us to give them meaning. More often than not, realistically, flying a Sigil of Baphomet does your movement more harm than good. So don't do it, and don't come crying to us if you do and it backfires. Ideally this wouldn't be an issue, but we're not there yet. But we're not far off either. 




 I spoke to Magistra Barton about this article and the work that needs to be done refers to the advances by those individuals who wish to achieves these goals, not the goals themselves. We feel no need to update or adjust our program, only to switch focus from time to time. 




 True. Something to keep in mind. 




 If there only was an online encyclopedia that would immediately answer such a question...  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walpurgis_Night  

As the article indicates, it is the most important holiday in the Satanic calendar after one's individual birthdays. [Here's last year's announcement by Magus Gilmore from the Church of Satan](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/84341936702/wicked-walpurgisnacht), and [here's one from 2012 that seems popular](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/22121381050/wicked-walpurgisnacht-to-true-satanists-the). 




 It's my wedding anniversary so I'll have plans for my wife and I. We'll be going to Disneyland and meeting some Satanic friends for drinks at Club 33 and private dinner at Blue Bayou. Some of my associates have some grand plans this year on the East Coast. 




  Taking the word of slanderers and plagiarists, is also not considered reliable in academic research.

Err.. Sloane himself wrote about his affiliation with LaVey and his time with the Church of Satan. What I'm talking about is corroborating evidence to anything Sloane claims prior to 1968. There's none. 




 The whole "Horned God" story came out in an 1972 interview. At a glance through my notes and copy of "The God of Witches" it seems that at no point is the term "Sathanas" ever used. There is a recollected story of a witch who referred to a familiar as "Sathan". And that's it. Funny enough, "The God of Witches" was reprinted in 1970. Convenient timing.  

So yes, no theological significance. There is no historical anthropological or theological connection to the term "Sathanas". The only printed material that the term appears in is a [story in a 1946 issue of Amazing Stories](http://imgur.com/nQqtSIx) (Shaver made up the word, his character was based on Ming the Merciless, ruler of the planet Satana. Odin is also in there, looking like Santa) and a whole bunch of illiterate black metal albums.  




 The only evidence of Sloane's group predating anyone is Sloane's own words decades later. There is no other confirmation of this. In academic research this not considered reliable and could only be referenced as a supposed post facto claim. By any serious measure Sloane became a Satanist in 1968. At its peak his group had maybe a dozen members, but mostly just a handful of locals.   

And Aquino is not an Atheist... he's the founder of the most established Theistic Left Hand Path organization... 




 The only record of the Ophite Cultus Sathanas (the last word having no theological or metaphysical meaning, it was borrowed from an Amazing Stories novella) being founded in 1948 was a 1973 interview, and vaguely in some letters in 1968 in which he praises LaVey. There's no record of Sloane being anything other than a Mystic or Spiritualist (popular at the time) until 1968. At this time he is confirmed to have been affiliated with LaVey and the Church of Satan via the Grotto system. Official records are mixed, Aquino claims to not have heard of him as an important member during his time in the CoS, and also verifies he was not relevant to Satanism or considered himself a Satanist until after LaVey gained publicity in the late Sixties. The little media attention Sloane did get in the 70's compared him as a dumbed down awkward version of LaVey. 




 Individualism for the Satanist. I would argue that does not need to apply for the masses, because the masses need conformity. So I could see a Satanist being in favor of a Fascist society that he himself (the individual) places himself outside of or in power.  




 LaVey loudly rejected the invitation to the event (it wasn't a rally, only a couple dozen people attended, mostly people who had nothing to do with it and wanted to check it out l). He did not authorize it as a Church of Satan event, but his daughter and her husband Schreck got some of their friends (many were not Satanists or anything) to attend. 




 I'm very familiar with the 8/8/88 performance and the interview Rice conducted. I know people who were there and they've shared their experiences with me. First of all, while commenting on Hitler Boyd said very clearly "this is not Church of Satan doctrine" and does not represent Satanism. That aside, he was talking about the power of Nazi imagery and its occult significance, and an atavistic return to natural instincts, some of which is captured in National Socialist ideas, but not entirely.  

Secondly, LaVey often wrote about the connection between Fascism and Satanism and noted that the relationship is largely aesthetic and an appreciation for Law   Order. Magus Peter Gilmore expands on this in The Satanic Scriptures, in which he said that generally a fascistic society would not be desirable for the Satanist, but he painted a scenario in which the Satanist can maneuver himself into a position of power and exert his will accordingly. Keep in mind, Satanism is not for the masses. There could be another scenario, where the Satanist is part of a small, familiar clan or tribe, and such a fascistic system would benefit him. It's all about positioning yourself and working within the system. 




 Nothing. There is no Satan, Hell, Heaven, etc. For more info: http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php 




 You realize most of the early seminal Neofolk albums were heavily influenced by Nick Cave and Leonard Cohen? Cohen being called out specifically by Douglas P. as a major influence and one of DIJ's first shows was opening for Nick Cave. Also most of the early neofolk scene was drenched in humor, irony, and experimental production. Considering those things, I would say King Dude is a return to the roots of Apocalyptic Folk. 




 Essentially, yes. I also find it amusing that people think having a sense of humor or irony is a neofolk sin. The whole "folk" aspect of "neofolk", which came from the term Apocalyptic Folk, was meant as an ironic, tongue-in-cheek joke. Think of albums like Looney Runes, etc.  




 Actually there are plenty of subs with strict rules that auto delete generic posts that ignore sidebar info. 




 It was good to see you there! I think we know each other, short but pleasant talk at the bar. 




 Great show, it was great to hear Rome   Worm Ouroboros over Complex's amazing sound system. 




 The funny thing is that TJ doesn't consider himself neofolk really, it just seemed to catch on with the neofolk scene through his associations. And Kim Larson of OTWATM is a very close friend of his, helped him produce several of his albums, and released King Dude on his personal Heirunar Myrkrunar label. I've known TJ for a number of years and he's far more honest   sincere than all the big Neofolk superstars who I've worked with. 




 If you're interested in actual organized and formalized Satanism I would advice you read over the material on the Church of Satan website ([Theory/Practice](http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php), [FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php)).  

1. 16 years.  
2. Raised in Catholic family but didn't take it seriously.   
3. Private.  
4. Yes.  
5. Birthday, Walpurgisnacht, Halloween, Yule.  
6. Sure, whatever is entertaining.
7. [Stupidity, mostly.](http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-sins.php)  
8. No. We do not support child indoctrination.   
9. Indulgence, realism, rationalism, wisdom, justice, responsibility. See the Nine Satanic Statements.   
10. No.   
11. Yes, I am my own God. We are I-Theists. There are no others gods.  
12. The Great Abstinence. Nothing. Decomposition. Worm food or ashes. This is our one and only life.   




 Outside of the ritual chamber such things are seen as symbols, but when you are *in* the ritual chamber you must think of them as real, otherwise your mind is distracted. We call it the Intellectual Decompression Chamber. 




 I hear that. Missed out on custom limited production artifacts when I was younger and will probably never see them for sale again. 




 I was surprised at the price, expected it to be much more considering the highly customized details. Would be the cheapest piece of hand jewelry I own. 




 She and her husband completely renounced Satanism a long time ago. 
























