 I am the brother and I can vouch for this. It was a strange few moments of conversation when everyone discovered that we were back-to-front wipers. However I feel like we stood our ground enough that we put a shadow of doubt in their heads concerning their current wiping methods. I'm confident they tried it our way. 




 Righties laughing when I tell them that Lefties are the people most discriminated against ever in the world.

Also nobody makes a quality tape measure that Lefties can read. They only offer a "read from any angle" tape which uses print so small and chaotically set you'd be better off guessing how much tape got pulled out. 
























 Excellent response time and you delivered exactly what I needed. Thanks so much!! 




 This is awesome! Thanks so much! 
























 Phillies fan 


































 First thing I would recommend is to change your perspective. Stop beating yourself up, and start being your biggest supporter. It is incredibly important and it's ridiculous how big a difference that can make in your own success. 
The second thing is to decide what you want to do. It doesn't matter if it seems impossible right now, just pick a direction and go. I've noticed that I'm less distractible when I have a goal to focus on, and even if I get distracted I know which direction to realign with.  You don't need an exact plan, just know where you want to go. The path will form itself.
Keep in mind that things will not change over night. It will take hard work and patience (A LOT of patience), but it is very doable. ADD does not make us dysfunctional, it makes us function differently. 
You can do this. 
























 Also check out Jet Li's "Fist of Legend". It's a bit older but it has some of the best fight sequences I've ever seen in it.  




 Me: Hi I'm Woody and I'll be your server tonight.
Jackass: Hi Woody, I'm Jackass. I'll be your customer tonight.

You are hilarious sir.  
























 Thank you for sharing your experience. I've known about neurofeedback for some time but always wanted to hear a first hand account. How old are you, OP?  




 Sonic and Knuckles. Try as hard as I could I was never able to beat the final boss.  
























 Are you another one of those Hard Copy guys?  





























 Afto to Gati Pou Thelo by Kaiti Garbi 




 Ha! Thanks for playing along  
























 And I'm totally ok with it. 




 +Victoria Justice 
























