 Islam happened. Again.  




 Says the guy that most likely never even read anything by Ayn Rand and is just regurgitating what his buddies that also never read anything by Rand say.  




 Absolutely.  




 You should sharpen that knife. 

Otherwise,  you're a goddamn bad ass with a great psycho murderer vibe about.  




 He should sharpen that knife.  




 You should read The Last Ringbearer. It's LOTR written from the perspective of Mordor being the industrial good guys and Gandalf and posse being the religious fanatics.  




 Oh wow.  




 Hey look everyone. I found the lazy socialist parasite!  




 Basic income is pretty much as the Dire Straits put it. Money for nothing. It's a disgusting concept rewarding laziness and freeloading.  




 Was there last year.  1800 yen beers.  




 Suddenly "Gay Bar"  by Electric Six got a whole lot more relevant. (the video clip).  




 Hugged to death by the religion of peace. Lovely....

This is what you get when a nation sleeps and let's these parasites in.  




 I am so happy this has nothing to do with Islam. 

Oh...  




 Gonna go by a restaurant supply store today to see what they carry.  




 The best part about this is that the final result is shown for more than a microsecond.  




 Same in the Netherlands. Then again,  manual transmissions are the norm and automatic transmission are over 3 grand more expensive site even for bottom range cars.  




 Tastes pretty good! Just not smooth.  




 I shave my dome with a DE. It's works well. Some small specs of blood once in a while,  but nothing serious. 




 He pretty much made a razor in a spoonshape. This is not some guy getting a spoon from. His cutlery drawer and sharpening it.  




 Just tried this. Added a ton more oil. Not smooth.  Not sure what is going on. (replaced sugar with liquid splenda).  




 Kampers we call em. Type of gypsy. Usually criminal. 




 Vanilla ice cream. Take a bite,  take a sip. Heaven.  




 It the prevent accidental wake up feature. Disable it and the problem is gone. It's in the display settings. 




 Gonna give it a try. Anything to get rid of Good for Enterprise.

Good for Enterprise sure, Good for User: not in a trillion years. 




 A bit of soft wet cloth and some buffing.

Done.

If it's really stuck, some chrome polish is what I use, but that more of an annual ritual. 




 I can envision Nathan Explosion grunting this in a "Murmaider" type song.  




 Was wondering if anyone has a good solution for using Outlook Web Access on Android besides via a browser. 

I can only use this form of remote access for this at the moment for my work email. The official Microsoft app only supports 365 OWA and not on site hosted exchange. 

OWM for Android is something I tried,  but is very poor in my opinion and not worth the money.  




 Good point, thanks for clarifying.  




 T-Mobile. Lied to me. Cost me a ton of money. Refuses to do anything about it. After 8 years with them I dumped them. I will never ever do any business with them again.  




 Recently my power button seems to have become a bit wonky. It's a hit and miss on its functionality. Sometimes it works great for hour son need. Sometimes it does nothing and mashing it for a while makes it work. 

Running AOSiP 8.0 with hellscore 7. 

Perhaps this is something one of you has encountered as well.  




 Interesting. It seems to be hit and miss for he most part. For example I cannot run chroma with Franco.  It never gets past the boot logo.  




 Caputo is a proper fellow. He is forced into this. Without him someone else,  perhaps or even likely worse. At least like this he can so some good.  




 "Some people" are mistaking Malachite (Mineral) with Malachite Green (dye). Malachite Green (dye) has nothing to do with Malachite (Mineral).

Then again, it's useless to argue with an idiot. You cannot win, they have much more experience in being clueless.

Even if it was harmful, it's firmly embedded in epoxy and pretty harmless regardless. 




 Mom or dad being sad. Breaks my heart.  




 5.1.1 AOSiP v8.0,  hellscore 7 mako, Vodafone (no carrier lock).  




 Highly illegal in many places. Will give you a piece of mind,  and may hold in court,  but prepare for criminal charges.  




 Not all mineral oil is safe. But there is food grade mineral oil readily available. Even Ikea has it if needed.
 




 We have this here too. It's still full of sugar. Also in my opinion it tasted poor. 




 Wonder if we can hack this into a custom rom. 




 Al Bundy.

He could've had it all. But he sticks around to provide. He often is rude, but never violent to his own family. He's very protective, but gives his kids enough space to do their own thing.
 




 Chrome or Chrome Beta. Depends a bit on my on my mood. No point getting something else, it's all a WebView skin anyway. 




 I too can pull words out of my ass and write an article.

Most of this shit is thinking "what is the logical next step up from current". So we up the processor gen one, add a tad more ram and pull some bullshit MP number out of our ass.

Done. 




 Boobs.

Also being able to make it in life by just being pretty. 




 The quality tier for home mixers is pretty much:

Old school Kitchenaid (Hobart) Kenwood (higher tier)  Kitchenaid  others.

Modern kitchenaid mixers have a high premium on the name. The Kenwood Titan mixers are far superior at the same pricepoint. 




 Why I cannot go out shop on a Sunday, on a extended note, why weekends even exist. Let me pick my own 2 days. 




 1. Hire lawyers at at least " Big-Five" partner level.
2. Make lawyers ensure the taxman gets at little as possible,
3. Break up pot into smaller pots (investments, mixed risk).
4. Have a fat spending account to get the urge to spend out of my system (less than 10%). 
5. ~~Kill a couple of hobos~~ Enjoy life.
6. edit: Buy enough shares in the company I currently work for that I get some power.
7. Fire my ex-boss. 




 Searing hot grill. Dry meat on the outside (After smoking).  
























 Diesel  all.  




 Macha powder. Hard to get where I live,  but when I find it and smell it I'm in heaven.  




 The one thing this post made me realise is that AC/DC is finally on Spotify. Many songs still under 1000 plays even.  




 Still bigger than most student housing.  




 I think my first ever straight razor shave was better than that. 




 There is quite a few all over the internet. From New Balance sneakers, to Red Wings to mass produced dress shoes.

Sure these shoes are good quality upper middle tier shoes, and the materials used are pretty much top notch, it's not so special. It is another one of those thirteen in a dozen hipster made "artisan" videos by a 3rd year BFA student that knows a guy in a factory. 




 I wonder how often the app recognised a white person as something else,  possible offensive and didn't get complained about because it was shrugged off as "well, most of this stuff is pretty accurate, can't win em all".  




 In my teens I worked in a butchers shop. The first rule my boss taught me is that when a knife falls,  you just step back and let it drop. 




 Judging from her look afterwards that is not the only "knife" that will be played with that evening.  




 You're lucky it was a sharp knife. Sharp knife cuts heal well. Blunt knife cuts are jagged and scar like a mofo. 




 Pretty much like any other shoe factory.  




 Bring a balloon. Lather the balloon. Make him shave the balloon. If it pops,  laugh your ass off because the "barber" is not covered in lather. Then walk out.  




 I wouldn't have guessed he used a straight razor. More like a lawnmower. Don't go back to this guy.  




 Hey look everyone,  I found captain professional trigger.  




 Basically Stephen King  "The Long Walk"  level cardio.  




 I wish I could be a victim once.  But as an upper middle class suburban young white straight male professional I cannot. Woe is me. 




 ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?  




 Probably not.  




 Coincidence or freak of technology.

In 2011 I was sitting in a bar in Tokyo and another western man came in. We had a chat. Never exchanged full names, professions, just the regular bar/beer/sports banter.

Two weeks later he is in my "People you may know" section on LinkedIn.

I was thoroughly freaked out. I'm guessing we both logged in on LinkedIn from roughly the same area and the systems recognised it as a non-standard location and decided we may have been at a conference or whatnot. 




 In the example of Google about? Not really. Like I said, if the software systematically named all blacks Gorilla's, then surely yes. In the example, one with a super unclear picture, nope, just a glitch in the system. 




 Racist people make non-racist problems a race issue. It's usually the ones that scream "Racism" the loudest that are the most racist. 




 Ah, that actually makes sense. During my brief sailing days I think we had two noteworthy storms. One of which nearly made me poo my pants. The rest of the crew wasn't bothered at all and teased me for quite a bit of time about it.

It seems that it was an indication of how experienced a sailor was. In your opinion and based on your experience. What would you put the 1 and 2 swallow tattoo threshold at with current ship? 




 It is, and in this case it especially it. The picture in question is super unclear and to be honest, when I take my glasses off I have a hard time recognizing it.

It's a big thing if every black person was labelled a gorilla. Not these rare cases. 




 It we have to consider every small thing that might possible offend people nothing would happen.

People need to start growing thicker skin and not be "triggered" by whatever small piece of bullshit they can find. 




 5000 seems very little for the merchant navy. That's less than an  Atlantic return trip. You sure it's not 50/100K ?

Edit: the 5 sources I checked confirm your figure. I still think it's pretty little. In my early 20s I sailed 6 months on a container vessel (long story), that would give me the  "right" to a couple of swallows even for such a short stint.

 




 When I was 29 my income was higher than my dads when he retired.

I live in a rental and drive a small car. They have a large house paid off, savings, 3 cars and go on holiday 6 times a year. 

I live paycheck to paycheck. The baby boom generation fucked us all. 




 If this ever happens to me I want to keep my leg. In a jar of formaldehyde. Wonder if that would be allowed? 




 In developed countries the vast majority of the users would be white. This is not racist. This is a fact. So it is logical, however insensitive to ensure that this demographic is catered to. 




 I have no idea what that means, but I guess it's a good thing. Thank you. 




 I doubt this is the case. I'm pretty convinced that they did do quality control with multiple races. However all the QA in the world cannot account for all options. I'm sure if you probe long enough you'll get a picture of a fair skinned person being identified as a polar bear. 




 I too identify as invisible kin. But on weekend I am mayonnaise-kin. I find it incredibly offensive that no camera can identify me as a proud jar of Hellman's Real Mayonnaise. Stop the oppression of us fat and egg based individuals.  




 I agree, and that fact just confirms that this is far from racist.

People need to grow a thicker skin and get the fuck over race. The more you talk about it, the more important it (as in race) it becomes. We're all human. Some of us are just a bit more dark to deal with warmer and sunnier climates.

On that note. I find the sun extremely racist! It burns my pale complexion much more than my black brothers and sisters. Someone make a petition on change.com to make the sun less racist. 




 We have the same myth here with Polish people. Hardest damn workers you'll ever see. I had my entire house done by a Polish company. Took 2 weeks at half the cost of a local company. And the quality is amazing.  




 Technology is not racist. People and institutions can be racist. Technology itself can not. The racist is the person that made the technology work according to certain parameters that society labels as racist. A piece of technology labeling blacks as "monkeys" is not racist by itself. If a programmer said "label blacks as monkeys" then that programmer is racist. 




 One of my colleagues is colour blind as well and part of MY job is identifying colour difference. If I cannot spot a difference I ask him.

Apparently colour blind people are better at identifying the difference between shades of the same colour. After asking one of the professors about this during a work related seminar he confirmed this.

Now I don't have empirical evidence, and this might be very anecdotal, it works for me. 




 One often ends up reading about facial recognition going wrong. Asian people on camera,  camera asks "did someone blink?". Black people on camera,  camera asks if there are any faces to recognise. Etc. It's not offensive. It's technology that is not mature enough to do what it must do.  




 Quart of milk. Half a cup of cocoa powder. Some Stevia. Pinch nose. CHUG.  




 But Django and Kill Bill are in the same universe. The bride is buried in the grave of Paula Schultz who left Dr Schultz a few years before the events of Django. 


Also Pulp Fiction and Django happen in the same universe as the soldier who carried the watch up his butt (Captain Koons) is a descendant of one of the members of the Smitty BacallGang. 




 First non-Nexus phones getting updates first. Then iOS getting updates first. What the hell is Google thinking? 




 The way that old varnish came off was extremely satisfying.  




 They are the IDEAL pet.

For deaf people. 




 Get one from a reputable brand.

Check this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxNLTRl36HQ

I quite like the Amazon basic powerbanks. 




 8 years ago a crazy ex decided I was physically stalking her. 

Don't mind the fact that I was 5000 km away and never contact her. 

After doctoring "evidence" and presenting it to the police (it later turned out the detective was a family friend) it sort of worked and I had to present myself to the public prosecutor. I had my lawyer write a letter and the case was dropped. 

Too bad that shit stays on your record for 30 (or 40, not sure) years here. And every goddamn insurance ever ask you "Have you have something on your criminal record that happened in the past 8 years". If you answer No, you're committing fraud. If you answer Yes you go in the special pile, with higher premiums.

No shit. Want to fuck someone over. Get them indicted in a case. They'll be fucked regardless of guilt.

(The Netherlands by the way).

Some justice porn by the way: She also tried to rob me blind in a civil suit. Which I won. She is still paying me damages and legal fees. It takes a long time on welfare. 




 The whole movie is a two hours action scene made of bad ass with a touch of more bad ass. They could end on the most anticlimactic note ever and it would still be awesome.  




 Rude waiter means no tip for me. Fun waiter means good tip.  




 I often fly with KLM actually. It's pretty good. 

To make sure the illusion is real ensure you get a sealed dinner plate and complain / refuse if you don't.  




 I fly intercontinental on a weekly basis. I always have the kosher meal while not Jewish. I can confirm that they are indeed better. The Hindu meal is also excellent  
























 There is two levels of scam artists. The first kind scams idiots. The second kind scams orphans, veterans, firefighters, cops, etc etc. There are several circles in hell, but the second kinds is going in the lowest level. Right next to Satan. Better bring a warm coat Buddy, because when you pass over from old age they have a seat available for you. 




 Blood money. I get it. 




 Takes one to know one. 




 There are people suing for less crazy things. Plenty of lawyers willing to take a case for a percentage of the cut. 

Also I'm sure her hubby can embezzle more pension funds to pay for a lawyer. 




 No no. She is ordered to pay the lawyers of her employer. She lost the case and is liable for their fees. 




 SHe doesn't even have the money to pay back her former employer's legal expenses (according to her defense). I doubt she has any substantial liquid or illiquid means. 




 Getting fired. Sue. Get money. Bail out criminal husband.

I doubt she has much money into reddit anyway.

 




 One cannot exist without the other. Money needs to flow. 




 Pretty sure only Pao is actively trying to destroy reddit to further her own agenda.

 




 Microsoft is getting a ton of hate from things in the past. Their current products are incredibly good and innovative. It's a bit cyclical it seems. Happens to Apple too. From good to bad to good, wash,rinse, repeat. 




 Getting reddit gold is like catching herpes these days. It's a badge of shame. Not of pride as it used to be. 




 I just went to Ublock and believe me, a lot of ads, correction, all add, on reddit disappeared. Even the "self adds".

You better believe it's whitelisting.

Proof:

ABP whitelist

https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/exceptionrules.txt

CTRL+F Reddit.

QED. 




 I agree. THe whole thing as it currently plays out is extremely selfish on Daya/Mom part.

Hopeless background, grandmother and mother in jail. Next on OITNB season 18: Three generations in one jail? What a twist!

Pornstache's mom could have given this poor child a future. 




 You sure believe everything you read huh mate. 




 Ye I got that Origins one. Had more downloads and reviews. I usually take that as a good sign. 




 Have you been living under a rock these past days? 




 I'm not advocating anything. I am just noting a service like that exists. I'd rather donate to Voat than send shit to Reddit. I'd suggest others do the same. 




 Wait. AdblockPlus autowhitelisted Reddit? I feel scammed. Ublock it is! 




 Hey hey hey. That's unfair to Germany.. 




 I didn't know that. Thanks for the info. 




 Deb's Tit? Sign me up. 




 Anything from the shoulder and neck. Slow cooking is amazing.

Also buy whole chickens instead of just lean breasts. 




 Don't forget a PR person of Victoria's experience and standing does NOT come cheap. Especially with an office/living in a place like NYC. You need decently deep pockets to afford this. 




 My personal experience in Europe is that it is safe. In Germany we have raw pork sold as a type of meat (like pork tartare). It's called Mett and I eat it often.

I wouldn't personally be fuzzed about it. Then again I also eat raw eggs.

If you're in a 3rd world hellhole, crisp the everliving s- out of pork. 




 I am a proud jar of Hellman's Mayonnaise.  




 Yes. 




 Not Pao I'd think. After all one cannot eat a being more evil than itself. 




 After firing /u/kickme444 I don't think this is something I'd want to be a part of anymore. 




 But that would be gender discrimination, and then she can be a professional victim again and sue reddit for money to bail her criminal husband. 




 A man can dream can't he? 




 Like any good dictator would do. Kill the dissidents. 

I remember sitting in front of the TV watching THe United States of Freedom bulldozer through Iraq in the second Gulf War and this Iraqi bloke was saying on TV:

    THERE ARE NO TANKS IN BAGDAD

I see the reddit admins saying here

    THERE ARE NO SUBREDDITS CLOSED

Despicable. 









 I don't think they sell shit flavoured popcorn. 

Then again they do sell shit flavoured and popcorn flavoured Jelly Beans. Maybe combine those?

Also instead of a postcard why not http://www.shitsenders.com/ ? 




 1. Bring back Victoria with a huge raise and the freedom to coordinate AMA as she pleases. She did an amazing job and more creative freedom will only be for the better.
2. Fire Pao.
3. Hire a competent tech savvy CEO.
4. Formally apologize to the community for this fuck up and for ever hiring Pao to start with.
5. Subreddits go back online. 




  Ph'nglui Mglw'nafh Pao San Fransisco wgah'nagl fhtagn.

ftfy
 




 Sir. I kindly ask you NOT to compare Pao to the Great Dreamer Cthulhu. It is an insult to the High Priest of the Great Old Ones. 




 Then the term " Ask Me Anything"  has two false statements.

"Me" and "Anything".

I'm pretty sure he never even saw the AMA. Just 1 minute in between whatever important business he had a PR person pushed a sign in his hand and said "Smile". 




 You mean like the Obama AMA? 




 Those are the San Francisco offices where Glorious Leader resides. 




 It would probably be cheaper for reddit to pay her blood money instead of going to trial. 




 Firing her would result in her likely seeing reddit for a ton of money to bail out her criminal husband. Ever hiring the Chairwoman was a lose/lose situation for reddit.  




 I find Chairwoman Pao's reaction priceless. Her masterplan is coming to the end game. Within a few months they'll sack her. She'll sue and try to bail her criminal husband out again. #truelove  




 Yes.  




 When this guy goes in normal sentence case you know shit is ON. It's like shouting to this man.  




 A lot of critical posts are been deleted. The admin team is in full cover up mode. 




 German. I live close to the border and have lived in Germany for a couple of years. I'm pretty much fluent in spoken and written German. There are not many people that know. In my current job I have to audit regularly and most of the time this is in Germany. It helps to understand what they try to discuss behind your back.  




 Is measuring a head racist? No. Once again it's the person that makes it racist. Not the actual technology. 
























 I always wonder what makes the pervert agree to appearing on TV.

Sure they are predators, but me personally? I'd never agree to it being on national TV. What is the incentive? 
 




 Chroma stopped working on my N6 (international) two updates ago. Doesn't even get past the black Google logo. Went AOSiP and haven't regret it one bit. 




 125K voats. I guess we're uninterested.  




 And on the 7th day God created the Dutch?  Not too sure about the Irish though. Didn't that Butcher dude from Gangs of New York have something to say about that?  




 Ubertool is the proof you don't need to be able to draw to be absolutely hilarious.  




 That is a festival. That mud is not made by rain. Well,  maybe "rain". You know what I mean.  




 100K votes on change.com. 

50000 more and Obama will tell us it is not his job to interfere with corporate affairs!  




 Well,  at least one part of your username is factual.  




 This hits a little bit close to home... 

 




 I'd say that cost about 1000$ per year.  




 A good propaganda officer is all an evil dictator needs.  After Reddit a certain person could fly straight to Pyongyang and have a fancy products job for a certain friend.  




 Nearly every chick on YouTube has this retard syndrome. It probably sells,  but it turns me off completely.  




 I was auditing a steel forging plant in Bangladesh.

Guys on the work floor in fucking flipflops.  




 How to be successful on Youtube:

1. Pick popular topic
2. Pick something easy to do (Get stick of cheese, roll in meat, fry).
3. Pretend you are borderline retarded and hope it comes across as quirky. 




 Ellen Pao is not exactly known for her honesty.  




 Obviously.  




 Seems like they missed both QA and the final polishing step. I'd contact them to have them resolve it.

Or get some buffing pads and buff away. 




 Well, that escalated quickly. 




 Firstly my "college level education"  is an MBA from HEC in Paris. Secondly I have to deal with C-Level management on a daily basis. C-Level management is very often involved in top level hiring and firing. I work for a F500 company and you better believe that our local managers are directly appointed by C-Level. Reddit is tiny as it can be and none of these decisions are made without C-Level involved.  




 Oh wow, aren't you delusional. 




 If I start a company with 1 other employee. I will be CEO.

Reddit is pretty small FTE wise and an employee with the title "Director of Talent" will most definitely be fired by someone at board level. This ain't kindergarten son, know your shit. 




  ADMINS: They embrace her like he's one of their own. 


 MODS: The mob is fickle brother. She'll be forgotten in a month. 


 ADMINS: No, much sooner than that. It has been arranged.
 
- Freely after the movie Gladiator 




 You rock! Subscribed to your channel.  




 BBQ Ribs. Some soy (tbsp per 2 lbs  5g net carbs), honey (1 tbsp per 2 lbs  10g of net carbs). Smoked paprika, garlic and a smidgen of cumin. If you're feeling naughty, 1 tbsp of liquid smoke.

Total carbs under 10 grams per lbs of ready product (most of it will drain off or burn off).

Let it marinate. And then either in the slow cooker or on the bbq for quite a bit of time. Awesome. Next to no carbs, still a sweet taste. 




 I'm having a bit of second thoughts about those carrots and peas. Peas are pretty carb heavy.  




 Sold out to Chairwoman Pao. 




 Bernard Maddof. 




 Pao has a history of fucking over other professional women in oder to get ahead. This surprises me the least.

Pao is the typical feminist, equality for all, superiority for me! 




 Ah yes. A hostile takeover. I'm sure that will go over well. 




 No problems. If you are ever in Frankfurt, drop me a line and I'll buy you a raw pork sandwich. 




 It can be, but doesn't have to be. Both variants are available. I have the smoked one in my fridge now, it's damn tasty. 




 Neither do I. But I do believe in "What goes around comes around". 




 Same here, paid by the firm. It was more than my net salary at the time... 




 Great Leader is allegedly also an investor. However I cannot find any real sources on this. 




 You are now Politburo leader of /r/latvia. 




 Yes, without much of a worry. Can you do the same in OSX? 




 No. No we do not. This is NOT something I ever want to see. I would rather have /r/watchpeopledie on default than ever see a post of Pao naked. 




 Gotta bail buddy out! 




 Requesting a video of Ellen Pao working on a computer. Name it "Artisan craftily destroying websites". 




 I think you've been living under a rock. Most of their services and products are top notch now.

Surface tablets are incredible. Windows Phone is actually working very well (albeit with a small app store). Holo lens is the same as black magic. XBOne, like it or not, is very good (then again, so is the PS4), Outlook.com works well. OneDrive is better than most alternatives. Office is still king in both home user and corporate environments and works very well next to it being industry standard. On top of that, Windows has been very stable for the past few years and besides thinking that a mobile inspired UI would work on desktops (later fixed) I have very little qualms about it. At least it's more innovative than regurgitating OSX iterations. 




 Honestly, I am still using either OSX "whatever version is latest because that is what IT put on my desktop" or Windows 7 because that is what is required by my client, so no clue about 8 and 10. 

Then again, I am much more proficient in doing stuff in the Windows 7 control settings than in the OSX settings.

Might be preference, who knows, to each their own. 




 Automatic Lieutenant status. 




 Equality, freedom of choice, free will, bbq, the list goes on.

Also the kill count on Satan is much lower than that of god. 




 Ah, I see you have the "1200 euro/month luxury option".

I've lived in inner city Paris (close to La Defence) for 6 months. 430 sqft apartment. 3100 a month. I wish I was joking. 




 I really, REALLY wish I had a gym like this close by.

All gyms (and I've checked) in a 30 mile radius are McGyms focussing on fat chicks doing Zumba and Spinning and cardio bunnies running for two hours on a thread mill (believe me I live near a near-zero crime rate nature reserve without wild animals and paved roads throughout for runners and cyclists). I want something raw, no bullshit. A place where men and women can workout in peace and camaraderie.   




 Satan isn't all that bad. Remember, history is written by the victor.  




 Actually according to Dante the most "terrible" hell is pretty much an ice lake.

 Ninth Circle (Treachery)
 The ninth and last circle is ringed by classical and Biblical giants, who perhaps symbolize pride and other spiritual flaws lying behind acts of treachery.[55] The giants are standing on a ledge above the ninth circle of Hell,[56] so that from the Malebolge they are visible from the waist up. They include Nimrod, Ephialtes (who with his brother Otus tried to storm Olympus during the Gigantomachy), Briareus, Tityos, and Typhon. The giant Antaeus (being the only giant unbound with chains) lowers Dante and Virgil into the pit that forms the ninth circle of Hell (Canto XXXI).
 
 The traitors are distinguished from the "merely" fraudulent in that their acts involve betraying a special relationship of some kind. There are four concentric zones (or "rounds") of traitors. These rounds correspond, in order of seriousness, to betrayal of family ties, betrayal of community ties, betrayal of guests, and betrayal of liege lords. **In contrast to the popular image of Hell as fiery, the traitors are frozen in a lake of ice known as Cocytus, with each group encased in ice to progressively greater depths**.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferno_(Dante)#Ninth_Circle_.28Treachery.29

The more you know! 
























 I see a business opportunity. Fat camp for adults.  




 4$ a gallon fuel?  Sign me up any day. I'd buy a barrel to burn it for laughs. We paid between 7 and 8 us per gallon where I live.  




 VW Polo Bluemotion,  but this will change to a VW Golf Bluemotion next month. This has a 1.6 4 cylinder diesel with an average use of 5.07l/100km. 

Practically for me this will be an average of 4.3l/100km due to my driving style (boring).  




 It's pretty good in the city,  highways are decent. It's comfortable up to 140 km/h. It will run 170 real (gps)  km/h when I push it. Fuel economy goes to about 11liters per 100km then 




 Calling /r/keto!  




 One of my best friends is quite the athlete and has a resting BPM of about 35. He was hospitalised for something unrelated. 

They ended up disconnecting the heart rate monitor because it kept giving alarms...  




 "Mourn harder or we kill your family." 

True story.  




 There is a /r/writingprompt about exactly that. I'm on mobile and can't find it. The premise of one story is actually very very clever.  




 Instead poverty for all!  




 1.2 liter 3 cylinder in my car. I could have bought a bigger car with a fatter engine,  but there is no point. No kids,  no huge distances,  and it's very economic to drive. Safe too, 5 star euro ncap.  




 Small displacement diesel engine. Cheap as shit.  Prius has NOTHING on the fuel economy of this car. 

Prius has a real use of 5.18liters average per 100km (n=2095)
My car has 4.61liters average per 100km (n=114)

Source spritmonitor.de 

People need to get the idea out of their heads that hybrids are fuel economic. 

A Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV has a 30km range on the battery. Then it does about 7.32 liters per 100km on fuel.  




 Western European tax paradise (tax paradise for the government that is).  




 100 quadrillion extra.  




 You used the wrong subreddit. This belongs in /r/nottheonion.  




 No austerity will bankrupt them with national poverty as a result. 5% is the lesser of two evils.  




 Entry: 500 quadrillion dollars.  




 For me driving is only about 6 euro cents a kilometer in fuel. The rest of the cost is about 23 cents. Insurance,  road tax,  maintenance,  depreciation,  tires,  etc. People seem to forget about that. 




 Imagine I go to my bank after I cannot pay my monthly mortgage and ask them for a loan. 

They'd throw me out laughing.

Greece is delusional. 




 Syriza:

[**Ideology**	](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syriza)

* Democratic socialism
* Left-wing populism
* Eco-socialism
* Anti-capitalism
* Alter-globalization
* Soft euroscepticism

The are also formed out of far left and radical left.

Pretty much the furthest left you can get in modern politics.

Stop being an apologist nitwit and go bother someone else. 




 Then again Mugabe is like " You party, or you die." 




 I know man. Back To The Future lied to us. We should have flying cars this year.  




 The worst is when they decide to go out after the party, without telling you, claiming they are going home.

That was the end of 6 friendships for me in my college days. 




 Reactor vessels for the chemical industry. 









 Pao: 

 Support me or get sacked.

No wonder the full team is "behind her". I'd be too with this terror in the hallway. 




 "Alex, I'll have things that sand for 120". 




 As you have already lost any sense of credibility I will leave you with a quote from George Carlin

 'Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.'

And on that bombshell, I bid you adieu. 




 Yep. I feel kind of bad for the "common Greek". First they (and the rest of Europe) got scammed into the Euro by fraudulent bookkeeping.

Then everything went to crap after which they elect a government so extremely far to the left that they will never resolve anything with the EU.

Then they get tricked into a false sense of importance by a referendum that is less useful than a car without wheels.

Now they party, while their entire nation goes to shit. 




 Please note 

For example, there is a tradition in many newsgroups and other Internet discussion forums that once such a comparison is made, the thread is finished and whoever mentioned the Nazis has automatically lost whatever debate was in progress.[8] This principle is itself frequently referred to as Godwin's law. 

Your the weakest link. Goodbye. 




 Now they party. Soon they will cry and be hungry.

How can an entire nation be so short sighted? 




 [Check and mate.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_law) 




 Worst thing is, the EU will probably give it in fear of Uncle Vladimir Putin and Uncle Xi Jinping coming with a fat sack of cash.

That or Greece destabilising and becoming a stepping stone for middle eastern radicals (heck maybe even Khalif Erdogan wants to have a go) 




 I used to be a pretty chunky guy and in Japan I found the most perfect t-shirt.

It said " Laugh and be Fat". I wore that sucker with pride. 

It's about 5 sized too big now though, so I got that going for me. 




 Lucky you. Shirataki noodles are like 3$ a pack here. 




 Hey everyone, 

Can someone please get me in contact with the Nobel Prize comity? This guy just permanently solved all the worlds unemployment issues!

His glorious solution "Someone else will hire them!".

You saw it here first, on reddit!  




 Man, you are delusional. Grow up. 




 [Check, and Mate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_law) 




 Greece would to well to make their country a good place to settle as a company. Make labour laws more entrepreneur friendly, reduce the ridiculous worker rights the Greek people have been giving themselves (really, it's out of hand). Make it a beneficial place tax wise (corporate taxes hardly matter, give people money and they will spend, tax income), give away lands for FREE or very cheap to businesses willing to settle (happened a lot in the Netherlands in the 80's and 90's for example).

Of course the government only goes so far. The Greek workers need to understand that they are not all little saints with rights that others would dream off. Yes, you are important, yes you need to do your part. Take your loss, help start building your country. 




 Oh yes, I'll tell the guys on the work floor that we are laying them off in an already hard industry. Luckily they get a few months of unemployment benefits (60% pay) and then welfare because the EU and Putin have a squabble, I'm sure they'll understand when they are unable to become employed in their field as our economy is also on it's ass.

It's easy to talk when you are employed and largely unaffected. 

 




 Sound like you want unemployment and poverty. 




 Loaning money doesn't work like that. And the Greeks need to understand.

"Forgive old loans and give us new loans." basically translates to 

"Forgive old loans and give us free money that you will never get back." 

A better compromise would be (which I still don't stand behind, but still)

"Forgive us part of our old loans and invest in our economy so we can move forward". 

A long time ago during my bachelor studies I was in a project group named "Trade not Aid"  where we helped European companies invest in Africa. No free money, no loans. Setting up businesses and letting the locals make money. It worked very, very well.



 




 In my opinion the referendum is just there to make the people think they have a say in this. They do not. Every single action so far has been in the direction of "We need more money, we promise to pay it back, also lend us more money so we can pay back the previous lender." It's like a pyramid scheme on national level.

What the Greek people and government need to do it turn very frugal, start to learn to live on the welfare level they can afford. Reform the economy (I mean, really, what does Greece have? Tourism and limited agriculture?). Exploit upcoming markets. They have tons of sun and wind, become the number one net exported of Green energy in the world. I'm sure that the EU would be willing to help pay for that. Create the best damn tourist place to be you can. Last time I was on holiday in Greece it was terrible, I would not return. etc etc.

Go frugal, live a life that you can actually afford, reform, create a unique selling point. It is hard, and I certainly do not know HOW they should do it, these are just my ideas, take them for what you will. 




 Talk about making false promises! 




 I used to be a very vocal "Grexit" proponent. But I feel more and more pity for the Greek people.

It's all a giant clusterfuck of failure. First politicians scammed the people and the EU into joining the Euro. Then everything goes to shit. Then they elect a government  that cannot possibly solve this issue. 

We (the EU) should have let Greece go years ago. It would have been cheaper for the EU, and less painful for the Greek people. The bitter pill would be there, but a whole lot less bitter than it is now.\

My guess: Grexit before the end of the year with very limited impact to Europe, and near third world levels of poverty in Greece. 




 Regardless of Siemens, this is pretty common for a lot of firms. One of our biggest customers is in Russia. 

Fortunately we have a joint venture in China. We ship the 99.9% ready product to them. They tack on some extra nameplates and upload the software (made in the EU) and ships to Russia.

And believe me, we are not the only ones. For us it is either this, or close one of our factories, firing approx. 500 employees, our margins are already razor thin as it is due to competition from lower cost countries.

The only ones that are screwed by this are smaller companies, farmers, and other agricultural companies. 




 Never had the urge to decrease DPI, so no worries. 




 [WHY NO GAINZ WITH MICKEY?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmILOL55xP0) 
























 I never use voicemail. Got it disabled.  




 Or more.  




 Taxes not useful?  




 It's not wasting. It gives me pleasure.  




 Rome fell.  




 In like fine dining too,  so why not.  




 Wine is expensive everywhere.  




 This shit ain't papa joes son.  




 Menus change yearly,  and I often eat out as such restaurant. 

Generally you can expect the following:
Foie gras,  sweetbreads, various preparations of fish and meat. A fee veggie dishes. All made in a way you have never had them before. 

I prefer European style cooking by the way. I have eaten at Jiro about 5 years back. Lunch was 400 ish euro and completely amazing,  but I won't do it again.  




 Good luck. Pm me when you are done,  I'll come spend some money. 

Make sure to bring a couple of million in funding up front to get things going.  




 About 8 years now, as I said,  I have been lucky to be in the right place at the right to. 




 I currently live in inner city Frankfurt and have lived in Tokyo,  NYC,  Zurich,  and Amsterdam. Prague is pretty steep to be honest. Then again I am often in the poorer parts of CZ and compared to that everything is expensive.  




 Ah,  I understand. 

Usually bottles start around 75-100. If you want to make friends with the sommelier ask him to suggest a page 1 wine. They love it, they hardly get that question and enjoy also suggesting something on the lower side of the spectrum.  




 I'm working at a very large international supplier (top 20) of OEM automotive components in a senior management function. Also I have been fortunate my lucky in life. I'm not a millionaire or anything close,  but spending 1K on a really nice dinner once every other month or 500 once a month is absolutely not a problem. It's a hobby as well which I like to spend money on.  




 A lesson well learned. I met my wife years ago,  she's frugal as shit, it's great. More money in the bank.  




 I've seen people ordering over 100k in wine in one evening. It's really crazy. I was telling my wife the prices and types of wine they were ordering and they overheard me. I got offered a glass of 1991 Domaine Leroy Musigny Grand Cru, Cote de Nuit)(I will never forget). A bottle retails for 4500$ at distributors. They paid over 15 grand for it. The glass of wine cost over 2000$. 

They didn't care., they just wanted to have fun and share something special.  




 About 200 person for the preset menu (usually the thing to pick at a restaurant of this kinds). It was on the high side,  but not over the top. Places like Michel Bras and Paul Bocuse are much higher.  




 Remember that a 40$ bottle of wine sold at a wine importer will sell for 150-200$ in a restaurant. The factor is anywhere between 2 and 6 times the purchase value. 

These restaurants don't make much money on the food. If you have 40 seat,  but also employ 20+ kitchen staff,  plus front house staff,  including a matre and a sommelier that will make absolute bank if they are half decent,  you need to win it back on the wine.  




 Or I just like to spend money and can easily afford it?  




 The thing is. For some people 5 grand is the same as 5 euro is for you and me. At a certain point money is taken out of the equation. Good for the economy as well.  That 5K bottle of wine is taxed as well.  




 The courses are really small. Like 2-3 bites each. There is no huge steak. There is probably a course that is 2 Oz. Of perfectly prepared veal tenderloin or whatnot.  




 This is for 1 and 2 Michelin star restaurants. 

I was in Prague last month and went to the only 1 star restaurant there. I think the total bill for 2 people,  14 course with wine came to 480 euro. Not too terrible for an expensive city like Prague.  




 Usually the menu is very affordable. Between 75 and 150 per person. Add a page 1 wine for 50-100 and enjoy.  




 Please be aware different people have different incomes and spending habits.  




 It's hit and miss. I like fine dining. The food is amazing. The wine is overpriced. I usually take the wine menu for around 75-100 which pairs a wine with every course.  




 300 was a page 1 wine. They had bottles over 5 grand on the menu.  




 Went on a date with a chick that was clearly a gold digger. I never suggested I'd pay the bill and told her to find a restaurant she'd like. Cue the evening and we're in a 2 Michelin star place. I'm looking at a 400 food bill without wine and she orders a 300 euro bottle of wine for herself. 

Now I would have paid, but she was a total cunt. It became very clear that she was pulling this shit often to get free fancy meals. 

Ate my food,  didn't drink the wine (driving). Got up. Paid for my food and the bottle of water I had and told the waiter we were going Dutch. He laughed,  gave me my receipt,  I tipped him 25% and left. 

No clue what ever happened afterwards as I didn't pick up the 67 missed calls and blocker her on Facebook.  




 At this point I am entirely convinced a full contingency plan is available and that a Grexit will be well contained. Greece will be completely fucked though and a humanitarian disaster. 




 That chicken blender is pretty much the most humane way to disposing of male chicks.  




 This comes to about 295 euro incl shipping to many mainland countries. For me that's about 80 less than the cheapest available here.  




 Wrong sub.  This should be in /r/awesome.  




 The day PaoPot fired kickme444 was the day Christmas died.  




 There were some plans to build 2 modern next gen nuclear plants in my country. The ecofascists and "green party"  has a smear campaign comparing it to Chernobyl. It was sickening. In the end I think they're build a new coal plant. Gotta enjoy that CEO and radioactive dust that thing is going to bellow out 




 Fear of nuclear energy. Modern nuclear technology is save,  zero co2 and in between breeder,  burner and various other types of reactors there is almost no waste. 

The fear is just irrational fear mongering by people stuck in the 80s. 




 About 10 years ago I worked in a phone store. It was even worse then. I personally had to send away a girl that signed up for 4 contracts because she thought she was getting them for free.  Her credit check failed on the spot.  There are so many idiots in the thread it's absolutely ridiculous. Free phones!  Sign me up.  




 Custom kernel with good kernel management. 

* Selective core shutdown
* Lower max cpu frequency 
* Undervolting cpu
* Underclocking gpu
* Don't run screen about 25-50% brightness
* Run greenify and Kill random wakelocks

Currently enjoying a solid 6.5 hour SOT on my Nexus 6. 




 Don't forget inflation. If the price stayed the same for 10 years on the same quantity it's significantly cheaper. (at 3% annual inflation about 34%) 




 In Europe we have Mediamarkt and Saturn. All partnumbers on expensive electronics are custom to them. It's a sham. 




 My pension fund has an annual performance of..... 17%. 

Each year I get a letter that my pension is lowered due to unforseen circumstances. 

We had a small, optional course during my MBA (HEC) on pension funds. For some pension funds the average cost (including profit to the pension fund provider)  of the entire pension is roughly 100K per member. It's pretty crazy.  




 In my previous employer we had security cameras. Just the shell and a red led. Theft dropped significantly.  




 Explain to me your train of logic that allows Verizon to sell you a 599 phone for either 0 or 199 from the goodness of their heart. After all it's free. They must be the most altruistic organisation on the planet. Modern day saints even just handing out money as a private organisation. 

Grow up.  




 They you got scammed by Verizon.  




 Actually no. You're falling victim to clever marketing. The phone costs 599 with a 199 down payment and 400 spread over 24 months. 

It's still a good deal with a 199 discount over the Google play price. However that 400$ you're still paying wrapped into your monthly fee. Why do you think sim only contracts are cheaper ;)  




 It came to ~400$ spread over 24 months and no up front cost. Don't use poor people logic to think it's free. 

Thinking it's free makes you a victim to clever marketing. Same thing has been made illegal in my country recently. You're basically taking out a 2 year loan on the phone.  




 Nope. The payment is still wrapped in your contract fee. You didn't change your contract price because you were already paying for your old phone. 




 Wrong. The phone doesn't cost 199. It costs 599. You pay 199 up front and 400 spread over the term of the contract. Please don't be so ignorant.  




 It's not free. You're just paying the price of the phone in 24 monthly payments. What you mean is "no down payment".  
























 Yes.  Bullshit. 

Do you think Verizon is some kind of company run by Santa? Giving out free phones and all? Goddamn you people are ignorant.

It even says full price of 599. Your paying that 599-199 over the course of 2 years. 


 




 Thank you!!  




 Ball shake twitch leg.  




 http://i.imgur.com/54HBvgX.jpg 




 This bullshit again. 

You cannot buy the device outright for 199. You still pay the 25 Verizon Edge over 24 months. 

The phone got a 199 discount,  which still pretty sweet. You did not get it for free. 

You kids need to grow up and realize the price of the phone is calculated into your monthly fee.

Edit: you are all a bunch of goddamn ignorant retards falling for the oldest marketing trick in the industry.  




 Astra Platinum is the only thing you'll ever need.  




 If I have to believe my buddy that works in a financial institutions cocaine is always socially acceptable.  




 Make em hungry,  get their vote. 




 This pretty much means a Grexit. There is no way in hell the Greek parliament will agree to this. Also many countries still need parliamentary approval. The Netherlands is currently favoured towards a no for various reasons.  




 Probably. There is no way in hell that Lucas could have written that.

"yoosa shoota bad bomba ready "
- Grand Moff Binks 




 I applied for what would apparently be a dream job. Salary was ridiculous,  job seemed fun. 

On day one it turned out that yes,  the pay would indeed be awesome. But the job would be a career killer. I confronted my new manager and he pretty much laughed at how he tricked me. 

I walked out.  




 Reviews that I read is that it's just another "me-too"  celebrity endorsed knife with too many under engineered features for the sake of features.  




 Thanks! Grabbed it from GDrive.

No idea about IEEE. Found the article referenced and G Scholar pointed me towards them. My University proxy did log in correctly do them, but almost nothing can be downloaded by me :-/. 




 Doing some research affecting my field, and can download most articles through my university account, but some are blocked.

1. Examining the Barriers to Supplier Development

http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/pdfplus/10.1108/EUM0000000001631

10.1108/EUM0000000001631

2. Getting the Message Across? Supplier Quality Improvement Programmes: Some Issues in Practice

http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/abs/10.1108/EUM0000000001246

10.1108/EUM0000000001246

~~3. Monitoring supplier quality at p.p.m. levels~~

~~http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/freeabs_all.jsp?arnumber=197630 abstractAccess=no userType=inst~~

~~10.1109/ISMSS.1992.197630~~

Fulfilled by Saleh Ketik. Thanks!!

.

.

It seems to be hit and miss for me at emeraldinsight. Most papers work, some don't, even from the same journal.

Any help would be much appreciated.

Thank you. 




 I had to fire one of my new hires after he posted to his public Facebook that "safety feature X for car Y"  was a complete piece of shit. He hired to work on that team. 

Also one of my friends had to fire a guy for leaking photos of a new prototype design to his friends on Facebook. (I work in automotive).  




 Step 1: People pay for Alien Blue not to have to see ads

Step 2: Reddit buys Alien Blue

Step 3: Reddit introduces mobile ads (even to paid versions of Alien Blue)

Step 4: People abandon Alien Blue comparing it to the holocaust. 




 Why can I take 1 liter of substance X and put it in ten 100ml bottles and be fine, but when I bring the  1 liter bottle I am nearly catagorised as a person intending to fly a jetliner into a building?

Also: I had my liquids in a zippy bag. Zippy bag was apperantly too big for the security guard. So she put the zippy bag with content in another (clearly not a 1 liter zippy bag) and was quite content with herself. What's the point?

(I am a tad bitter, as I have to deal with this at least 4 times a week). 




 72 Virgin Males reward! 




 People that fire employees with cancer because they are not getting better quickly enough.  




 When this first came out my dad bought one. I think he paid about 6 grand for it. He used it twice before realising he looked like an idiot. 

It's still in storage. I should get it out and do a fun project with it.  




 You can't pluck a bald chicken. 




 Funnily in my country this would be very hard. I'm pretty sure I could construct a failure that would get my boss fired, but not myself. 




 "A fool is easily parted from their money."

-Apple's corporate slogan for the past 5 years. 




 What the fuck going on with my phone. The video is all over the place.  




 As ordered by Pao. I've had to fire people as well when I was told by senior management. If I could hire them back I would in a heartbeat.  




 Literally a small scale Maddoff.  




 Senior manager at a large automotive OEM supplier. (~90k ex bonus,  ex company car). 




 Mary refusing to admit she cheated. 




 I remembered the human. I dislike her even more now.  




 You nearly killed reddit. This can be forgiven.

You are however a threat to women in tech. You are bad and you should feel bad. 




 Right in her kisser! 




 Pre-abortion term genetic screening. It;s a thing. An expensive, and in some places illegal thing, but it is a thing.

If it's illegal where you live, take a holiday where it is legal. 

Obviously this does not fix birthing issues, but a caesarian can help prevent that.

Many option for you. 




 The day Pau fired /u/kickme444 is the day Christmas died.

Pao is literally a successful version of the Grinch.  




 Hey /u/spez  ! Bring back Victoria and kickme444. Undo the damage Pao has done and make reddit great again. 




 She didn't bring focus of chaos. She brought more chaos to chaos.

Also mutual agreement my ass. We know the board canned her, " mutual agreement" pretty much means " we're sacking you, have some cash, and save your face".


Also she wasn't a pioneer to women in tech. She has a record of putting women behind for her own gain. She was a pioneer for Pao in tech, and nothing else. 




 Apparently COLD DEAD HANDS equals a 210K signature petition.

We did it reddit. I am proud of you all. 




 Tool -  LaTeRaLus  




 Shut the hell up you goddamn fucking social warrior piece of roach cum. Go die in a goddamn fire.  




 I watched it twice. In a row. In the cinema. Came out of the first showing. Got another ticket and went back in. 

I love cars,  I love post apocalyptic movies,  I love Junkie XL, I love Tom Hardy,  I love Charlize Theron,  I love the Doof Warrior. 

It's the perfect movie for me. No bullshit,  just action, cars,  and explosions. 




 Pulp Fiction  




 No details on the quality of the bag,  having a well known brand name is not a guarantee of quality.  




 Surprise blowjobs are not uncommon. 

On a more serious note,  she can always make me laugh,  even when I had the most stressful and terrible day in the world. (without blowjobs).  




 Got proof they didn't? It's very very implausible,  but there is a very quantum like possibility they did.  




 "The gender of a baby is only decided in the 12th week of pregnancy. "

This was one of the best ones. 

Cherry on top?  She taught biology.

I've had my share of bad teachers and decided that when my kid comes home claiming some bullshit factoid their teach told them I will confront said teacher.  




 http://m.connect.dpreview.com/post/7285707615/dpreview-recommends-best-smartphone-cameras 

They have a great write up and are a trustworthy source.

Edit:
Another trustworthy source

http://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Google-Nexus-6-Google-s-latest-handset-storms-in-to-the-DxOMark-Mobile-top-10 




 The deal was cancelled. I have dit in my cart for ordering but my Internet went down. When I got back the price had increased to 286 in my cart and 232 on the store. Amazon support told me tough luck.  




 One of our biggest more critical subsuppliers is in CZ. I love that country and it's people.  
























 SD card was taken from Grizzly shit. OP is the park ranger.  




 Basically Souvlakistan lost total autonomy and are now Europe's prison bitch.  




 Ah,  another 80+ billion gone that we will NEVER get back and Souvlakistan can burn a bit longer.  




 You might want to take a course in comprehensive reading, because I have been quite clear. 




 It's not up to you to decide they opinions are reprehensible. Who made you a god? It may be your opinion that their beliefs are reprehensible, but that doesn't automatically make it so.

Stop thinking the world revolves around you. 




 It's not up to me to decide if her statement is fine, neither is it for me to give judgement on her saying it. Do I agree with her? I don't think so, but that goes into a deeper conviction that marriage is an old fashioned concept regardless of gender. 




 Oh obviously it would bother me, however I would still defend her right to say so.

However if she was actively firing up the oven, that quite a different story.

Voltaire had something nice to say on this

 I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
 




 Thank you! You have a great day as well, friend. 




 We tip the paperboy at Xmas. Usually about 20-50 euros. Depends a bit on how the service was. This year so far he's getting the 50 euro tip. I got a morning paper,  and without fail,  it's there before I wake up, which is pretty early.  




 No no. It might be your opinion that she is for lack of better words, a prejudiced asshole. Doesn't automatically make her one because her believe are not in line with yours. 




 Good on you mate! 




 [Whoohoo I won another argument on the internet.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law) 




 I agree in the sense that I believe marriage is an outdated system that should be made completely equal to a civil union (same rights and plights). It's just a word that is causing a ton of crap. Let whoever wants to call it a marriage call it a marriage and whoever wants to call it a civil union a civil union. Most issues solved, Christians happy, homos happy. 




 Great "counter" there, buddy. 




 I'm not a fan of whiskey and cigars. But I'm sure my Gin and hooker  budget exceeds yours. 




 No, no I wouldn't.  




 Social Justice Warriors are a cancer that will ruin all progress made in the past 100 years. 




 Who says it's the right thing to do? It's a matter of opinion. In her believe system it is not the right thing to do. Perhaps you should respect her beliefs. 




 I would say the say the same as I am a proponent of free speech. Merkel could say the moon was made of cheese. It would make her look like an idiot, but she could say it none the less. 




 Nope.  




 Sure it will last you. However I have a nice looking kitchen and want a nice looking trashcan in it. I spend 20K euros on remodeling my kitchen,  do you think I would even hesitate at spending some cash on a nice bin instead of having some shitty disposable bin?  




 Absolutely right. If you think Merkel is a bigot,  feel free to express it.  




 That's fine. Whatever consequences follow from expressing your opinion are your own to deal with. You're still free to express your opinion.  




 Let's all not vote CDU,  wanna bet we van vote for who is Chancellor ;)  




 It's your right to say it. Whatever consequences follow from saying that are your own responsibilities.  




 And Merkel doesn't?  I guess being the single most powerful woman on this planet is not a powerful and influential political position.  




 It's your right to disagree. Doesn't mean you are right though.  




 And that is their prerogative. Luckily Germany is a democratic country and they can tell her next election.  




 LOL 




 Society will judge them. They are still free to say it.  




 I'm voting for her. 




 Nope. It would make me think less of them,  but I'll be the last to care what they say. Society as a whole will judge them accordingly.  




 Quite the opposite,  but also not a fascist telling people what they can and cannot say.  




 Najib pretty much told me to shove it when I missed a deal. Either I got unlucky,  or you got lucky.  




 She's a human being entitled to her opinion whichever that opinion is. If the German people don't like it she'll be a goner by the next election. 

My guess: we do not care.  




 Remember,  up and down votes on reddit mean nothing. Just voice your opinion in a polite way.  




 We're pretty sick of having our benefits being reduced year over year while we have to keep bailing out a corrupt and lying nation.  




 Almost 15% now.  




 Fortunately your opinion doesn't really matter.  




 Still ridiculous pricing. Got a 90 Oz tub of certified organic coconut oil for 18$ here. Restaurant supply store.  




 Just because you don't agree with it doesn't mean she is wrong or cannot say it. Two sides of a coin remember.  




 I'm not too fizzed about it. She said this on her personal conviction. There is nothing wrong with someone saying they believe that a marriage is between a man and a woman.  




 Maynard James Keenan. After dropping LSD. 




 No Walmart in Germany. I live in Germany. 




 Snagged a XB One 500gb + extra controller. + Halo: Master chief edition + headset for 299 (330$) on amazon.de. It sold out in less than 30 seconds. It's about a 100 discount over the cheapest I could find online.  




 Didn't he threaten to out his reptilian masters? 




 Nigger is just as bad as cracker. Case closed. 
























 It's pretty much unknown how smart cats are. It's unclean whether they are just stupid or don't give a damn.  




 I know reading is hard,  but put some effort into it.  




 Depends on the breed. There are stupid breeds and smart breeds of dogs. The level of intelligence of dogs is measured in how many examples a dog needs to pick up a certain behaviour. Some dogs need 50+,  some breeds less than 10. 




 Cats are surprisingly trainable with the right methods. Click training works well.

Also patience. They do not learn as quick as dogs.

Source: Trained my cat to shit and piss ~~on~~ in the toilet. 




 Nope. 




 Honestly though. I live in Frankfurt (and am German), but my family currently lives near Amsterdam. I can guarentee you that Dutch roads are vastly superior to German roads.

German roads are God tier to the rest of the world, but the Dutch got that stuff down much much better.

You're right about driving classes being expensive. I think the average is about 50 an hour with 30-40 lessons before exam being the norm. 




 Front and back indeed. Front 1080p 60fps. Rear 72p 60 fps. Haven't had to use it yet, but I am glad I have them.

Also good for checking what speed you went when you passed a mobile speed check you didn't notice in time. 









 Problem is, Microsoft has a loooooong way to go for Android Cortana.  




 Something along the lines of "reported for spreading nazi propaganda".

What a twat that guy was. 




 This was absolutely hypnotising.  




 Downvoted for being an idiot.  




 Lol two weeks to pay 150 grand.  




 We do not speak if the American remake. Ever. 

I would rather marathon Star Wars episode 1,2,  and 3 than ever watch Oldboy US again.  




 Click with huge tits and a massive cleavage became my vomit receptacle. There is a video of it. And no,  I will not share it.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/35bp48/wp_valhalla_is_filled_with_the_strongest_warriors/ 




 "Set temperature to celsius."

Just tell Cortana  




 Works perfectly on a Nexus 6 running 5.1.1. I'm missing that smooth sexy Cortana voice though. Just plain Generic Jane.

Edit: I change my mind. This feel like a pre-alpha Google now.  




 Half Norwegian half German (northern) here. Doesn't get more Asgardian than that.  Loved Ted pt1. Your story is now canon for me in the epic of Ted.  




 We see butchers here as well. This is a whole lot more skillful than butchery. 




 If you've ever experienced a grown in toenail that bad you'd be ready to chop your own toe right off. This is pretty mild compared to the alternative.  




 Please tell my boss this. I love golf and hate sit down meetings.  




 24/7 Hava Nagila on max volume.  




 Last sentence: shivers down my spine. 10/10. 




 Get a clunker with manual transmission. Wait till idiot roadrages you. Drop gear. Brace. Laugh and get his insurance jacked sky high.  




 Graduated highschool at 15. Fast tracked my technical bachelor and master in 3 years. Decided the army was for me. 18 month of officer school. Lieutenant before the age of 20. 

What they didn't tell me is that being 20 in an officer position bring with it about 0 real respect. Just rank. Did my 4 years. Left disillusioned. 

edit: Not in the US.

edit2: Also the pay sucked. 




 Good.  




 Found a large chunk of flint. Picked it up. Threw it on a big rock to split it. It split and send a piece about 15x15x15 cm big into my flesh. Spend 3 days in the hospital.

I tell people I got stabbed. Which is sort of true.
 




 Ok Google play LED ZEPPELIN on SPOTIFY.

Works every time. I think it might learn your preference for spotify after a while as well. 




 Any self respecting brick or online biking store. Prices vary between 50 and 300 us. 




 Erythritol .  Tastes like sugar. Melts like sugar. No gastrointestinal reaction.  Zero calories,  zero glycemic load. 60-70% sweetening power of sucrose.  




 You are clearly an ignorant little child and pretty much every marketeers dream.  




 Also he played an 18 holer in the morning. Drank some wine with lunch and smoked a bit. Then rekt them. 




 Double Bronson.  




 He better get two Oscars for that. Lead and supporting actor.

 




 In your opinion.  




 What gives you the authority to tell me to tone down?  




 So Jersey Shore?  




 Completely. Does make you look like a bit of an idiot, but feel free to express it.  




 Hence white bread beating out pure flour.  




 White wheat flour bread actually has a higher glycemic load than refined sugar. 

Pure white flour has a glycemic load of 66

Sucrose has a glycemic load of 68. 

White bread has a glycemic load of 70

You're better off munching 100 grams of table sugar than munching on 100 grams of white bread. 
 




 I travel often for work. To make this comment I opened my tracker file and count 167 dinners in restaurants,  year to date. I can confirm that I gained 25 pounds in that same period, even though I do not have desert or a starter. 

So. Much. Butter.  




 The only national treasure in that movie is Nick's acting talent.  




 BRB my house-woman needs to be put in the hotbox. But first I need to whip my field-woman because she tried to run away.  




 25% interest?  I wasn't aware the Corleone family ran a veterinary clinic.  




 This is how I ended up with my dog. I was at the vet with my cat and a couple came in with the cutest dog ever. Apparently the dog had issues and they couldn't afford to operate. I offered to pay the bill if I could have the dog (wife wanted a dog). They were actually happy that the dog wasn't put down. Week later I had my 2000 euro Corgi. Worth every penny.  




 100 euro discount over the cheapest price I could find online on an Xbox One. I'm pretty happy to say the least.  
























