 I have this strange desire all of a sudden to eat the stuff my dog finds outside. 




 They've got danglers the size of Montana. 




 Too..much...cuteness..brain shutting...dooowwnnnnnn 




 Nooooooo!!! He just wants kisses! 




 so cuddly!!! 




 Don't fuck with the King. You may very well wake up one night surrounded by Pennywise, Leland Gaunt, Kurt Barlow, and Randall Flag. With the creator and puppet master behind them, his endless eyes burrowing into you as he begins to pull the strings. 




 Thanks for the heads-up. I tried making an account on paypal, but it wouldn't let me because I don't have a debit or credit card. Thanks for the kind words *Internet hug* 




 **PLEASE READ FIRST:** https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/30e9bh/request_financial_assistance_i_feel_like_im/


Havre de Grace, Maryland, U.S.A


I posted the above link a few days ago, with the hopes of finding someone to help ease the situation me and my family are in. But today I got some bad news, and its made my situation more dire. My brother has to pay in on his taxes, due to some sort of penalty for not having health insurance last year, and its pushing us to the breaking point.

The special circumstances I mentioned in my title are that I wouldn't be able to repay the loan anytime soon. I'm looking for someone who can understand the situation I'm in and have enough faith in me to trust that I will repay. Even though it may be over a year before I can. I know this goes against the "short term" rules of the sub, but I'm desperate and I'm hoping against hope that you all can take pity for our situation and look the other way.

As far as interest goes, I'm not sure how to go about deciding it. Its something we can discuss if you decide you might be able to help.

I'm not sure on payment methods either. I have a Gofundme account set up, but if their is a quicker method for receiving the payment I'd very much like to use it. The sooner I can get this money to my family, the sooner things will look up for us.

I'm at rock bottom here, and its killing me. Please, if you've ever been in a similar situation and have the means to help me. I'm begging you.

$600

Edit: Someone told me I need a Paypal account to receive help from this sub. I tried creating an account but was unable to because I don't have a debit or credit card. Please, if their are other ways to make this transaction possible, consider them. I can't begin to express how horrifying this whole situation is. 




 Is something fucky? 




 An example of the type of person we should all aspire to be. 




 I don't. I think its terrible that you could believe she "helped" him. He may have been bogged down by personal demons, may have suffered from mental disorders. But were living in a time in history when we finally have some tools to help alleviate those problems.

To think she encouraged him to die, than flips everything and uses his death as a means to make herself look good through charity work is beyond low. That she can talk about how tough life is and how helping others alleviates that pain, when she convinced a man to kill himself. To inhale those noxious fucking chemicals until his heart stopped, is beyond me. How exactly do you think his family feels? I'd bet money they didn't know he was suffering, that he was unhappy. Family is usually the last to know in a situation like this, because the person in question has become so adept at hiding their feelings, and doesn't want them burdened.

I wish you could tell his family your view in person and see first-hand what their going through. What kind of goddamn hell it is to lose someone because they took their own life. To play the last moments you had with them over and over, to wonder while you lay awake if you could've done something. To wish they had reached out to you, because in your heart you know you'd do anything for them.

This has nothing to do with bandwagon mentality, this has to do with people being held responsible for their actions. He wasn't in a proper state of mind when he finally decided to go through with the act. And when that malnourished and defeated voice in his head spoke up and said this isn't right, said get out of the car. That little bitch told him to get back in. 




 Bowie is love, Bowie is life. 




 Cat mode: Error 404 




 This is so cute it has to be fattening. 




 Oh You Pretty Things, kooks, New Killer Star, The Next Day, Andy Warhol, Magic Dance, Soul Love, Starman, Golden Years. 




 Too Cute!!! 




 Done. Happy to help :) 




 Amazing salad. 




 He expressed feelings that he didn't want to leave his family, on top of getting out of the vehicle when he first started it. He could have been helped.

Suicide is only an option for those who are terminally ill, people with no quality of life left to live.

Your reply is ignorant and unwanted. what she did is no different than someone who coaxes a mentally ill person to drink antifreeze because the thought crossed their mind. Suicide is almost always a symptom of other problems, something that until today I thought was common knowledge. 




 Thanks for the help friend. *Internet hug* 




 She deserves a long jail sentence. She had the life of another human being in her hands, could have done any number of things to help him, and she didn't. She took someone who was confused and in a bad state of mind, and convinced him to take his life. 

This piece of garbage isn't human in my eyes. She's a disgusting stain that should face the same fate she pushed that poor guy to.

I've been on both ends of the spectrum of suicide, I've dealt with those thoughts myself and had a close family member take their life. I can't express how angry reading this makes me. I hope they impose the heaviest sentence on her that the law will allow. 




 I'm actively working with my therapist and psychiatrist to find coping skills and the right medicine regime. 

Thanks for the insight into applying for disability. I don't think its something that would pan out for me. I want to get back to work. And the idea of spending all that time and effort for something I may not need when I get it, if I get it at all, doesn't seem worthwhile. On top of that, I really believe I can get to a point where I can work within the next year or two. And I don't want to bog down an already slow system and impede other people who are worse off than myself. 




 Is that the average wait time? 




 I get foodstamps for myself, but it only goes so far. I budget it well but the cost of food is outrageous in my opinion. I never thought to check on disability, thought I was too young for it. Thanks for the advice. :) 




 I appreciate your advice, I really do. But what your suggesting isn't a possibility for me, at least not in the foreseeable future. I bring in no money of my own, so asking my family for the capital to attempt this would be necessary. Things are strained now between us, and asking for money for crafts when our fridge is nearly empty wouldn't go over well. 

I'd also face the issue of trying to sell them. I live in a rural area with the closest town 5 1/2 miles away. On top of which I have fairly severe anxiety, and talking to people I don't know is very hard. Trying to sell stuff to strangers makes me anxious just thinking about it.

Please don't misconstrue this as anything negative, that I'm unable to implement your idea. I'm deeply thankful you took the time to read my post and offer your insight. *Internet hug*

P.S. - I wasn't much of a Dickens fan in high school, but maybe I should revisit some of his works. I am a big fan of Orwell, have been since I read Animal Farm. 




 Thank you :) 




 Havre de Grace, Maryland 




 Hello to all. My name's Joshua, Josh for short. I'm here because I need help, my family needs help. I'm not sure what to write, if I deserve to post here, but I need to try something. 

I've been unemployed for about a year now, give or take, due to health problems. Since I was young I've suffered from OCD, depression, bipolar disorder, ADD, and chronic insomnia. I never received help for it growing up, which has put me in a very bad spot. I'm 23, and I've worked seven different jobs since I was old enough to work. I've been forced to leave them all because of my mental health issues. The longest was a job as a cook at a fine dining restaurant that I managed to hold down for almost two years. I live with my mother and younger brother, who work to keep us off the streets. We live in my grandfather's house. We used to live with him, but he committed suicide last year on his 88th birthday.

My family works full time. My brother works especially hard, trying to help compensate for my lack of income. I'm on state insurance, and have been seeing a therapist and psychiatrist for several months. I'm slowly getting better, but its an uphill battle that's getting harder and harder to fight. The weight of the bills, the arguments, the unhappiness. All because of me and my inability to work. The stress and anxiety is killing me inside. I hate showing my face around them, knowing how miserable they are because I was born defective and can't contribute.

Which I guess brings me to the reason for this post. The bad weather has negatively affected both their jobs, and they haven't been getting the hours they were. We have bills that are past due, and their having trouble catching up. If there is anyone reading this who can help me, I'd get on my knees and beg you if I could. A monetary gift to help pay the outstanding bills, get our trash service back, and other small things. Things like cab fare to and from my appointments. My insurance doesn't cover medical transport, so if my mom is working and can't drive me, I have to take a cab. Because if I miss two or more appointments I have to reapply to be seen and it takes months so I can't risk it. Gift wasn't the right word to use, I'm not sure what is. Any help you can give me, I will repay. I promise you that. It may be a year or two from now, but I will reimburse for your kindness. My grandfather taught me to always pay my debts, and I do.

If your not in a position to help in a physical way, I'd love very much for someone to talk to. I don't have any friends and have no one I can talk to here. A kind soul who wouldn't mind talking with me would be an amazing gift in itself.

That's pretty much it, not sure what else to say. My anxiety has been terrible these past few days, and getting all this out has helped ease it.

Thank you for taking the time to read this, it means a lot to me.

www.gofundme.com/q85zaa4 




 Helen Keller wasn't born blind. 




 Lucas was a known compulsive liar, Otis not so much. I'm more inclined to believe in his deviation over Lucas's. 




 His partner in crime, Otis Toole. Was known to eat people. In an interview he gave while incarcerated. He described disemboweling a young boy, jamming a rod in his ass and through his mouth. Cooking him on a spit fire all while basting him in his secret BBQ sauce he used just for people. At the end of the interview he said anyone interested in trying it could write him and he'd send a copy of the recipe back. 




 You mean Green Mario. 




 If you haven't got a clue, than you're never gonna get it. 




 Its a literal example of anthropomorphism. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mgnh1zg7ULI

You all will thank me. 




 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so bad)


When they're around
 (They make me feel like I'm the only guy in town)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)


They don't care if I'm a one way mirror
 They're not frightened by my cold exterior


They don't ask me questions
 They don't want to scold me
 They don't look for answers
 They just want to hold me


Isn't this fun?
 Isn't this what life's all about?
 Isn't this a dream come true?
 Isn't this a nightmare too?


I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so bad)


When they're around
 (They make me feel like I'm the only guy in town)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)


They don't care about my inclinations
 They're not frightened by my revelations


Uh, oh, take a second take
 Uh, oh, it's a mistake
 Uh, oh, I'm in trouble
 Uh, oh, the little boy was just too little
 Too little, too little, too little, too little


Isn't this what life's all about?
 Isn't this a dream come true?
 Isn't this a nightmare too?


And I don't care what people say
 And I don't care what people think
 And I don't care
 How we look walking down the street


I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so bad)


When they're around
 (They make me feel like I'm the only guy in town)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)


They don't care if I'm a one way mirror
 They're not frightened by my cold exterior


They don't ask me questions
 They don't want to scold me
 They don't look for answers
 They just want to hold me


Uh, oh, I'm in trouble
 Uh, oh, I'm in trouble
 I'm in trouble, yeah, yeah
 I'm in trouble, yeah, yeah
 Too little, too little, too little


Isn't this what life's all about?
 Isn't this a dream come true?
 Isn't this a nightmare too?


I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so bad)


When they're around
 (They make me feel like I'm the only guy in town)
 I love little boys
 (They make me feel so good)


I love
 




 Holy shit that is one deep, dark rabbit hole of stupidity and insanity. 




 Its a literal example of anthropomorphism. 




 It has reinforced my belief that a person is smart, its people who are stupid. 




 Tod Browning's *Freaks* - 1932 




 Hodor. 




 Jurassic Shit

Inglorious Shit

Dumb and Dumber Shit

To Kill a Shit

Silence of the Shits

King Shit

Too Fast Too Shitty

The Last Shit on the Left

Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Shit

We Need to Talk about Shit

Meet the Shitters

Full Metal Shit

Twilight

To Sir, with Shit 




 Use mommy and daddy's credit cards for everything, and make sure you rarely venture outside your room and you've pretty much got the PCMR experience down. 




 Number 7 is fake, I've seen the original and the one posted is photshopped. I'm gonna try and find the original as well as more info on #17. Will post as soon as I can. :) 




 4 is from the opening scene in *Begotten*, an interpretive film on religion. #13 is an actual place, known as The Island of the Dolls, #14 as well. #17 is of a pair of killers who were recently captured. And #18 is from the film *Mama*. 




 This is an easy cleanup. Give me a box of saltines and a couple hours and we'll both be happy. 
























 Why in the fuck do people think quoting themselves is a classy thing to do? Its asinine.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quote 




 I like that donkey, that is a nice donkey. 




 23/m 




 :-) 




 "All of our final decisions are made in a state of mind that will not last." - Stephen King 




 Marilyn Manson, will fans ever have the opportunity to view *Groupie?* 




 http://imgur.com/Q54GKWt 




 I will wear my crown with honor, while I sip on the tears of homeless orphans. 




 If I had the means to care for them, I'd dognap all of them...their just too damn cute! 




 This breaks my heart. 




 I'm happy to help, just hit me up whenever you've got a question and I'll help as much as I can :) 




 Happy to help :) 




 I think body spray would work, just use as little as possible on your hands. a bath would probably work in the same way, I just don't know how long after the bath their natural odors would return. Which I think is why my vet told me to try the cologne/perfume/spray route first, because it completely masks their natural scents for a good amount of time. you may also need to do it for a few days, but once a day only. my two fought like hell when I first introduced them, and I did it for I think 2-3 days. the fighting gradually toned down and they became best friends :)

I'd suggest cleaning the cage too, help remove some of the male's scent. Don't worry about toys and stuff that aren't washable, they shouldn't be too big of a problem. But if you want, try and remove them after you neutralize their scents, and put the toys back after a couple days. Make up for the lack of stimulation by handling them more, both at the same time. I did the same with mine. 




 Something that worked for me when I introduced a new friend to my little man, is to put a dab of cologne or perfume on your hand and pet them both. the tiniest amount possible and rub it over both hands. it neutralizes both scents and helps ease them into spending time together. 




 I love you Mr. Burgundy. 




 Pity your parent's didn't feel the same way.

 




 I blame the children in my basement. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antitheism

That's what everyone calls it... 




 Many thanks. *Bows*  




 The whole point of a quote is something someone said in the moment, that others find significance with. You can't quote yourself, this is embarrassing. Posting this confirms with everyone that your a degenerate cock-weasel sporting a trilby. 




 Bowie is Love, Bowie is Life. 




 Imagine how the little girl feels. 




 *Long Hard Road out of Hell* is amazing. 




 Jeffrey Dahmer and his mother are sitting down to a home-cooked meal at his place. 

**Mom**- *"Jeff, I don't much care for your friends"* **Jeffrey**- *"Than just eat the vegetables ma."* 




 I'll take that as a compliment. :) 









 In Jenna Jameson's autobiography she mentions that Manson is "well endowed" after hooking up with him after the premiere of Howard Stern's *Private Parts*. 




 Yeah, but once you get his routine down pat and had the necessary accoutrements, Sephiroth became an experience horse you could beat over and over for dem sweet level-ups. 




 I opened the gofundme account because I saw someone else use it and I wasn't sure how to go about the business of accepting help from people online.

What exactly is suspicious about my post? Honestly? I said something that went against the flow of the thread. Do you value heard mentality that much on this sub? 




 On the plus side, he's got a child-free future ahead of him with which to perfect his craft with. 




 You wasted you're roommates money by spoiling their food, but you think its completely fine to come on here and ask someone else to put up more money for something that is supposed to be a gift? You're on here looking for a hand-out when being stupid is the reason you have no food, possibly pulling chances away from other people here who may not have a damn thing to eat. People who are looking toward the generosity of others to fill their stomachs as well as their hearts.

You are a dick. 




 Lucifer. 




 What? No cutesy little response back to show me how your the king or some shit? How your ideals give you some untold keen insight into the universe? How you stand alone in a dwindling majority against all the baddies you need to justify your "life"? 




 What does that have to do with anything? Or did you just take the most personal thing from my history and decide to post it for shits and giggles? Discussion or stupid insults are one thing, Throwing the fact my family isn't well off in my face is another all together. 




 I feel like, given all the work they did on the rest of her...those claws seem poorly built.  




 Excellent repost OP. I was gonna offer to put my dick up your ass, but I can see you used your own. Impressive. 




 Not trying to be a fuddy-duddy. But that is not OCD in any way, shape, or form. People who have it sometimes find it aggravating how nonchalantly its thrown around, like its no big deal. When its considered the 5th most debilitating mental disorder. 




 While your in flight your least favorite song plays in your head. The longer you fly, the louder it gets and the slower it plays. 




 Kiwi was the brand the fruit was brought to America under. Their real name is Chinese lingonberries. 




 It needs 50cc of hugs stat! 




 I'll trade you the child for a copy of Battletoads. 




 You owe me your first born child. 




 Talisman? 




 This is the greatest thing I've ever seen on Reddit, I tell you what. 




 I'd love to talk with you. 




 Fuck that's dark. 
























 I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. Thanks OP. 




 Nah man, he's summoning the planeteers because he needs to speak with Captain Planet about global warming. 




 Horses like bowling too. 




 Even without the beard I have a hard time believing this is a woman. 




 Einstein didn't smoke a pipe. He was known to pick used cigarette butts off the ground whenever he felt the urge for nicotine. He also enjoyed sailing when there wasn't any wind, because he liked the challenge. 




 It amazes me how people like this say their adults and they have the right to say and act how they want, all while living in mommy and daddy's house enjoying the amenities they bought for them. Its like they've got the mind of a five-year old. 




 Is that a slightly younger Angus T. Jones?

http://imgur.com/D4qpBOA 




 You can beat Dishonored without killing anyone. Hard as hell but it can be done. 




 Wut... 




 Give him a kiss and pets for me. He's adorable. 




 I was on 300mg Luvox for about a year. Didn't notice any help with my thoughts or compulsions. It did cause fairly severe anorgasmia though.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anorgasmia 




 This too shall pass. 




 Beating this fucking game: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/Maximo_-_Ghosts_to_Glory_Coverart.png 




 I'm gonna pistol whip the shit out of you. 




 I'm calling shenanigans on this. 




 Challenge accepted. 




 "I just wonder...is their more to life than eating things off my belly?" 




 Call me anything you want, just don't call me late for dinner. 




 That is the greatest compliment I've ever been given on here. Thank you. 




 Bull fighting. 




 I feel the same way when I see someone taking a selfie. 









 Trichotillomania. 




 Yeah I am, but at least I'm not a milkshake. 




 http://imgur.com/NyKq9YX 




 Wait. 




 Social media. 




 This is fucking hilarious. 




 I've been on benzos before and my advice is STAY AWAY. I was on 1mg Klonopin a day, and I ended up with severe side effects. Numbness, difficulty breathing, photophobia, insomnia, hot/cold flashes, I legitimately thought I was going to die. You can experience these side effects even if you do everything your dr. tells you, and they can last for years. I've been off them for about 4 months, and I'm still having problems with numbness in my arms and legs. Unless you think you REALLY need them, stay faaaaar away. 




 *What other people think of you is none of your business.* My therapist told me that and I've found it to be very helpful. 




 Robin never got the credit he deserved. 




 Try b12 vitamins, they'll help put some pep in your step. 5-Hour Energy's work too, just be careful with them. I didn't listen to the instructions on them one stressful day at work and I downed 2 extra strength and 1 regular in a very short period. I had heart palpitations and couldn't bend over without my heart skipping a beat. Which is a serious problem when you cook for a living. 




 B12 vitamin can be helpful. 




 The only serious side-effect I had when I was on SSRI's was anorgasmia. Was hellish given my age and just in general, I really hope its not something you have to deal with.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anorgasmia 




 :)

Also: I love your name. 




 People like you are the ones who give hope for the rest of us. 




 * http://amzn.com/w/X193L1WAPXEU 

*This stuff is more for my family than it is for me. I'm linking my original plea for help, it explains everything. Thanks in advance for taking the time to read.

*https://www.reddit.com/r/Food_Pantry/comments/30nfcj/21078_food_for_me_and_my_family/ 




 This is my personal experience, not looking to step on anyone's toes. But I found when I stopped believing in a higher power, started seeing things differently, that it helped me gain some level of control. 









 Michonne's a good looking bitch. 




 Mad World - Gary Jules 




 He's got the spirit of the lord in him! 




 I wonder what it tastes like? Would..would it be good in soup? 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surra_de_Bunda 




 Sounds good. I'll be able to load the pics tomorrow. I have to take precautions when I handle it, the binding is almost nonexistent. But the pages are beautiful and the illustrations are mind-blowing. 




 I'm in Maryland, U.S.A. Would you be interested in photos of my great-grandfather's bible? Its over 100 years old. 
























 Was anyone else expecting the dinosaur to have a massive dong? 









 I'm calling bullshit on this. But even if it is true, I took a quick glance at your post history and no fucking way am I taking advice from a racist piece of shit who regularly posts to /r/CoonTown. You can take those bigoted thoughts and fornicate you're rectum with them. 




 "You're eyes can be so cruel! Just as I can be so cruel..." 




 Thank you OP, for posting this. 




 I agree with you to an extent. But you'll find if you delve into it that people being spared by reason of insanity is a very rare occurrence. And is the exception rather than the rule. The entire situation with Gein is kind of a Catch-22, his victims deserve justice but at the same time is it right to kill someone with the mental capacity of a child? 




 Ed Gein was born in 1906, the psychological trauma he endured from his mother as well as the severe isolation imposed on him carried on through his childhood up until well after his mother's passing.

At the time psychology was, in all intensive respects, in its infancy. Hell, the World Health Organization (WHO) didn't announce mental health as an important aspect of healthcare until 1946.

Brock Chisolm quoted saying: "Surely the training of children in home and schools should be of at least as great public concern as their vaccination.... Individuals who have emotional disabilities of their own--guilts, fears, inferiorities--are certain to project their hates on to others... [S]uch reaction now becomes a dangerous threat to the whole world....

So yes, while we do have pills that aid in fixing chemical imbalances and easing the mental problems of those afflicted. We also have a completely different attitude toward mental disease as a whole, and modern therapy reflects that as well as everything we've come to understand in the last 100 years.

Its easy for people to bash on mental health methodology and say they just throw pills at people until they become docile enough to tolerate, but that's not really the case. And I can attest to that personally. I've been diagnosed by two psychiatrists, both determining I have moderate OCD as well as other problems that are comorbid to it. I spent most of my life in a state of misery and fear, but now that I'm seeing a wonderful therapist and have a psych who's helping me find a proper medication regime, things are really starting to look up. 




 Only two murders, the rest of the corpses were dug up from a local cemetery. The car he used to transport them was sold in an auction after everything came out. His home was burned down, but the culprit was never caught. 




 I'd be gay for Bowie. 




 Fucking hilarious. 




 You'd be surprised what someone who's spent their life hunting can do with a sharp enough knife. 




 He also had nipple belts, shoeboxes filled with female genitalia. Skin masks, skin chairs, skin lamps. He would make bowls from their skulls. He drew the line at necrophilia though, albeit just because he couldn't get over the smell. He would gut them and leave them to dry in his barn.

His is a really sad case. For all the horrible stuff he did, he was very mentally ill. When he was caught he spent the rest of his days at an institution, and the people who worked with him said you could never hope to meet a nicer person. Thankfully psychology has advanced since then and we have the means to help people before they deteriorate to this point.

Edit: For anyone interested in reading on him I highly recommend this book. The author is very well respected in true-crime circles and is very credible. Word of warning for the squeamish, it does contain some photos of the gutted bodies he had hanging in his barn.

*http://www.amazon.com/Deviant-Shocking-Story-Original-Psycho/dp/0671025465 




 Yeah, as well as Norman Bates from Psycho and Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. 




 "Dad, why can't you just accept our love is real? She's my waifu and the bearer of your grand-pillows." 




 [That's classified] (/spoiler) 




 Looks like a lot of spaghetti. 




 YEYYYYYY! I'm relevant. 




 Hot Pockets. 




 You make the rockin world go round. 




 "Pocket sand!" 




 Dot.Hack//Sign. 




 Sweep the leg. 




 Diarrhea. 




 Where's the cocaine? 




 Imagine you have unbidden, unwanted thoughts about people close to you dying. Everytime the thought occurs an unknown forces sucker-punches you, spreading a crippling sense of paralysis through your body. The means to alleviate that unknown force can be damn near anything. Checking lights, repeating words, the most pointless and unnecessary actions. You know that but you HAVE to complete the action over and over to assuage that crippling pain. And for a lot of us, the more you give in the more intense and complex those compulsions become. Until you're spending hours washing your hands or touching the doorknobs in "the right way". 









 "He that is slow to believe anything and everything is of great understanding, for belief in
one false principle is the beginning of all unwisdom." - **Anton Szandor LaVey** 




 Unbuttoned... 




 *Schwingggg* 




 Woman named Marijuana Pepsi Jackson...

http://www.jsonline.com/news/milwaukee/40874017.html 




 For when you can't wait until Sunday for a mouthful of the lord. 




 The Marquis de Sade's "Bum-cleaver". 




 What's wrong with her??? OMG! 




 His ring finger burns every time he thinks about cheating again. 




 CRap. 




 Marijuana Pepsi Jackson. 




 Ha. 




 Many thanks. This is by far by favorite sub, I love thinking up this fucked up shit. 




 These would be perfect for the bathroom. Everyone who goes to Barnes and Noble and has to poo right after knows what I mean. 




 Joe Swanson called it. 









 Dat.Ass. 




 *Get on my level* 




 OP you better deliver. 




 Can you...can you stick it up your ass? I mean, its what Bert would want. 




 The douchebag kid from Two and a Half Men. He went full retard from the show. 





























 Somebody say bacon? 




 http://i.imgur.com/i7sn7Sc.gif 




 https://i.imgur.com/G2POrME.gif 




 Honestly, this looks pretty damn good. 




 I love this. 




 The way Netflix categorizes it their is. 









 Privacy. 




 I want milk and cuddles. 




 The Office did it first. 

https://vid.me/h0Q5 







































 The Martians *aka* The Yip-Yips.

*http://muppet.wikia.com/wiki/The_Martians 




 Thank you kindly. 














 "Its not little, its special. I can reset my DVD player with it." 









 It arrived today! :) I'm sitting here now sipping on some. Thank you so much for you're kindness. I cant express how happy I am. *Internet hug* 




 http://imgur.com/Ks5YYWt 




 http://giphy.com/gifs/idk-will-ferrell-provocative-8vsr2w5t91Nte 
























 The one on the right looks like he's given up. 














 Holy shit, I can smell burning euphoria through my computer. 




 That's a lot of clean-up for some fake internet points. 




 http://imgur.com/UqBqQxf 




 :) 




 Honestly, I'd have to say Snape. 




 That's impressive! 




 Thank you so, so much friend. Like I said in my post, I'll repay your kindness once I'm back on my feet. This means a lot to me. 




 I appreciate the kind words, its nice knowing I'm not the only one who feels this way. *hugs* 




 Thank you for the kind words :) *Hug* 




 My name's Josh. I have OCD, GSA, depression, ADD, insomnia, and bipolar disorder. I'm out of work because of it, and its made mine and my family's life very hard. I'm currently seeing a therapist and psychiatrist, who are working with me step by step.

I'm here to ask for help. My anxiety has been getting harder and harder to cope with, and I need help. When I was working I would sometimes visit a natural market and buy powdered valerian root to make tea, it would ease my anxiety and I loved it because it was all natural. I'm hoping someone here can sympathize and understand how horrible dealing with these problems can be, and can extend a helping hand. I will in turn repay you for your kindness when I'm able to, though I'm not sure when that will be. I have an appointment with my psych next week and were supposed to discuss my med regimen.

I'm asking if someone can pay for this powdered valerian they sell on Amazon. Its about $10 including shipping, and 4oz lasts a long time. Somebody please help me, I'm tired of crying because I can't deal with my anxiety.

*http://amzn.com/w/X193L1WAPXEU

*Internet hugs* 




 This is my all-time favorite Bertstrip ever. 




 Psycho. That movie set the precedent for horror films for generations to come. 
























 I thought it was fun and interesting too. Came to me earlier when I was deep into a marathon. 




 That I know of, only one can was seen near the Land Titanic. Arguably it could have been the only one aboard, hidden away. Which makes sense given how rich some of the passengers were, such as Mr. Astor. But their where also numerous poor and middle-class people, so it doesn't make sense that they would have a supply on board when the fish is already so rare.

Edit: Saw the pic you are referencing, and it is only a single can. Which leans toward my hypothesis. 







































 The trainers got what they deserved. Though they should've been the ones to die, not the elephant. 




 Are their any questions left to answer Reddit?
 




 OP's mom lost one of her anal beads. 




 Nope. 




 Kanye West being crucified. 




 It's a burrito/banana hybrid. 




 John Bobbit worm: http://imgur.com/bjUHVmO  (NSFW) 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/NOECI0s 




 "Is this the real life?" 




 What's your decision? 




 Not an option, your genitals are incapable of sexual release unless you pick the option with mommy dearest. 




 Pretty far from what I was expecting.

http://devinefarm.net/studs/gstuds/ziggy1.jpg 




 Would you rather go without sex for the rest of your life, or have to please your mother sexually once a month while your father watches and critiques you? 




 *Penis penis penis penis penis* 




 You forgot the knife, table, and the pot. 




 Did he die in it? 









 Tag! You're it! 




 Those tomatoes look orgasmic. 




 *Unga Chunga* is mad! 




 Mine's never touched a ceiling, but it has touched the roof of your mom's mouth. 









 D.B. Cooper. 









 David Bowie. 




 "I'm amaaaazing!" 









 Station to Station. 




 Tonight, when you're laying awake envisioning new bertstrips, they'll be a slight scuttle from under your bed. And before you know it, there's gonna be 2 feet of Bert dick jammed down your esophagus while Ernie shits on your face. 









 Privacy. 














 http://i.imgur.com/i7sn7Sc.gif 









 Gorgeous. 





























 catcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcacatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcattcatcatcatcat 




 Doesn't matter who it is, I won't be seeing shit. Crystal Skull was a fucking nightmare. 




 http://i.imgur.com/tmkM597.jpg 




 Can..can I put my dick in it? 









 Bitch got what she deserves.

Really with the downvotes? We've got some rude fucking people on here I guess. Dude was trying to do schoolwork and the cunt stepped on his papers dancing like a fucking retard. But no, he's in the wrong somehow. 









 Become* 




 :) 




 I highly recommend watching the movie. The conversation alone helped me see everything in my life in a new perspective. 














 It is indeed. Silicon Penis Man at your service. 




 So you're telling me the real villain is the company making these glasses? 




 Spread it on toast. 




 That reminds me, how is your mom OP? 









 Definitely try it out, just make sure to remove any seeds first and give it a good wash. 




 Try de-seeded red pepper. No more than 1/4 of a slice. Cavies can eat peppers every so often and that small slice has 10x the vitamin C of an entire orange. When I found out about it I wondered why they keep making orange juice when peppers get the job done so much better lol. 




 I'm in love. 




 http://i.imgur.com/tmkM597.jpg 




 :) 




 Not exactly. The photo was found on a roll of film after Corll was killed, belonging to one of his accomplices. He couldn't remember taking the photo or who the guy was, but was able to come up with a timeline based on when the camera was purchased.

In the photo the guy isn't strapped to Corll's torture wall, so odds are his nightmare was just beginning in this pic. The torture wall was what he cuffed them to when the actual rape/torture occurred. 









 http://imgur.com/mEvNddj 




 Who gave Charlie heroin? 














 Nothing, it just let out a little wine. 



















 Thank you :) I love GoT, but I haven't been able to watch anything past the 3rd season. 




 The blood you see is his. The film opens with him eviscerating himself, followed by Mother Nature masturbating his corpse and impregnating herself with his semen. 














 #I want to address the points people are bringing up:

*The evolution aspect is completely possible. Earth goes through a period of radiation, introduction of alien bacteria, etc. Not to mention you're applying evolution as observed on earth to beings from a distant planet.

*Harold Zoid. We know Decapods shed their shells when they become cramped, but Harold has been a shut-in for years. He's to poor to afford a new one, which would explain why he looks so decrepit. Not to mention it would explain his bad attitude because his soft body is painfully squished in his carapace. 




 Consider though that Decapods shed their shells when they get cramped, but Harold is poor as hell, so I doubt he can afford one. It might also explain why he's so unpleasant because he's cramped in an old, deteriorating shell. 




 Consider though that Decapods shed their shells when they get cramped, but Harold is poor as hell, so I doubt he can afford one. It might also explain why he's so *unpleasant* because he's cramped in an old, deteriorating shell. 




 Keep in mind what the world goes through during that time though. All the radiation, introduction of alien bacteria, etc. It's possible that those factors altered his species evolution, and that's only if we apply the understanding of evolution on earth. It could be different on Decapod 10. 




 The exact quote is, "That stench - that heavenly stench." 




 That would be awesome. Maybe we need to chant for them like Candyman or Bloody Mary. 




 Holy shit this hits close to home for me. 









 http://imgur.com/a/RzU2l 




 He says "That stench - that heavenly stench." 
























 Dan "Hold her tighter, she's a fighter" Schneider 




 I'm not sure who he is, but I'm fairly certain I know how he died. I believe the woman who came forward in 2002 was telling the truth. That her mother bought the boy, and he was kept in the house, sexually and physically abused. She claims she was with her mother when the body was dumped, and details from her story match other confidential testimony. The reason no one puts much stock into her confession is because she's mentally ill. That just strengthens it in my mind though. If she was in a bad situation at home where horrors like that we're occurring, it would have undoubtedly messed with her mind. Coupling that with the time period, psychiatry being looked down on in general, and women being expected to be perfect, prim, and proper. Her mental illness became exponentially worse, making people think she's just another lunatic. 




 The boy in the box. 




 He's gotten so fat he's collapsing into himself, like a neutron star! 




 1. Hunky Dory        *- "Kooks"*
2. Station to Station       *- "Station to Station"*
3. Ziggy Stardust and The Spiders from Mars         *- "Starman"*
4. "...Hours"         *- "What's Really Happening?"*
5. Reality         *- "New Killer Star"* 




 *MRW I see a big spider on the floor.* 




 [...] (http://imgur.com/yGwGNVd//) 




 [OP, why?] (http://imgur.com/yGwGNVd/) 




 Looked it up and seems like you hit the nail on the head. Thank you :) 




 Age - 24

Sex - M

Race - Caucasian

This concerns the right side of my jaw. For years its made a clicking sound when I eat certain things, like tootsie rolls and stuff like that. When I was younger I could kind of move my lower jaw to the right and I could make the sound at will. I haven't done that in years but I've noticed from time to time it feels like the right side of my jaw is going to lock up. It's uncomfortable and lately it has been feeling more uncomfortable, to the point I'm careful when I eat because it feels like going to fast or anything might cause it to lock up. 




 *"Be gentle, theirs not mushroom."* 




 I throw my hand's up in the air sometimes. Saying "AYOOOOO", where'd my skin go? 




 Ha 









 The hooker can wash her crack and sell it again. 




 http://i.imgur.com/B0reXlc.gif 



















 You ask "Why?", the semen covered guy asks "Why not?" 














 That I would be happy as an adult. 




 "I throw my hand's up in the air sometimes...Saying "AYOOOO", where'd my skin go?" 




 One of the clips was from Marilyn Manson's music video "Tourniquet." 




 What? 









 :) 




 Unless you're murdered and they never find your corpse. 




 I tell you hwat. 




 In 100 years you'll be dead and nothing will matter. 




 Give it to the girl I love. 




 Anyone ever wonder if Andy jerked off with Jesse? You know, he cums on her and doesn't clean her up before leaving the room. So she's there crying and everyone's trying to console her because she can't wipe his cum off because than he'll know their alive. 




 Double-dip. 




 Where's the jet fuel? 




 He huffs propane. 









 Sha-sha-shaaaa! 














 catcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcat 














 I love fudge! 




 Ho.Ly. Shit. 




 OP is a massive bundle of sticks. 
























 Can...can i put my dick in it? 




 You're not supposed to let Gremlins get wet. 




 *Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Black Off* 




 We worship the Jared. Not for his healthy practices, but with the hopes he'll let his Footlong Of Light shine on us all.

PBTJ 




 Yup. [Don't worry, it's what I'm here for.] (http://imgur.com/LT7n8TI/) 




 It's Tubgirl. Bitch gave herself an enema and filled her sewage pipe with orange juice, the rest is history. 




 [T U B G I R L] (http://imgur.com/UwoqDaA/) 




 [Ed, Edd, and Eddy] (http://imgur.com/qlnneYO//) 




 Mr. Smith Goes To Washington.

Seriously, the fillibuster scene at the end gives me goosebumps every time I watch it. And James Stewart is an acting god. 




 [No! That's my horse!] (http://imgur.com/qlnneYO/) 




 Yup. 




 7-up teaches us to spot the cheaters in our midst. 




 [I'm only six and I've already had three heart attacks!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1PJzqhgo-w/) 




 Their are 1,440 minutes in a day. This kid is the master of the "one pump" dump. 




 OP is flat-out lying. 




 Your username needs to be BuzzKillington. 




 Fucking Elijah Wood! 




 "Nothing suffocates you more than the passing of everyday human events, and isolation is the oxygen mask you make your children breath in to survive!"

-Marilyn Manson 




 Sexually identify as a fraction and live your life. 




 [I fixed you, fixing my mistake.] (http://imgur.com/9vwVWpH/) 




 To be fair, they kinda break even with the series finale. You know, when they both kill themselves by sadly sittting on traintracks... 




 Bigfoot too. 




 [Thank you, OP.] (http://imgur.com/gUzDxhB/) 









 That and having no life outside of your computer screen. OP is 2/2. 




 You learn something new everyday. 









 Do mine!!! Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 




 Goku would be off training. 




 The film is on Netflix for anyone who's interested. 









 Plastic wrapped and taped to a pole, with rubber dildos taped to his hands. Wearing croc's and a gimp mask, with what appears to be a picture of a woman's face attached to the back of his head.

*Two thumbs up* 




 Perfect. 




 1. Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!

2. Satan represents vital existence instead of spiritual pipe dreams!

3. Satan represents undefiled wisdom instead of hypocritical self-deceit!

4. Satan represents kindness to those who deserve it instead of love wasted on ingrates!

5. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!

6. Satan represents responsibility to the responsible instead of concern for psychic vampires!

7. Satan represents man as just another animal, sometimes better, more often worse than those that walk on all-fours, who, because of his divine spiritual and intellectual development, has become the most vicious animal of all!

8. Satan represents all of the so-called sins, as they all lead to physical, mental, or emotional gratification!

9. Satan has been the best friend the Church has ever had, as He has kept it in business all these years! 




 I am the liquor. 




 I feel so bad for him. 




 Can we crowdsource some funding to have this fucker's two front teeth knocked out? 




 Hamtaro 




 Jokes on everyone. The deer are just camouflage for the dead hooker. 




 Damn straight. 




 Ha 









 How much does a setup like this cost? Having hotdog skin grafted over your actual skin. 




 She's gorgeous.

She's famous.

She's active in arenas that matter to her.

While you're browsing Reddit looking like [this.] (http://i.imgur.com/Tl17L.jpg/) 









 OP wrote this dumb shit. 
























