 Good point, but technically he would still have Stark blood in him. 




 Yes but he was legitimized as a Stark, which makes him the heir to Winterfell. If anything I think that it would become voided if it were ever to come to light that he was actually Rheagar's son.  




 Start using the tape deck hookup and then come talk to me.  




 I have seen a lot of talk on this subreddit about the R+L=J theory. Some people think that this would make him heir to the Iron Throne. Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't he still be a bastard but only with a different father? He still would not have any better claim to the throne then he does now. I could be completely wrong here so if I am will somebody please explain what the significance of this theory is? 




 Yeah, I just watched it last night. Thought it was a pretty good movie.  









 Just because one person says Fringe is bad, doesn't make it a bad TV show.  




 I can't believe I missed this. What pages? 




 I am paraphrasing, but I think he says "and her honeys all mine"

EDIT: Dammit. Late to the party 




 link? 




 I think you have to be lying face down. 




 Nope, but I am just speculating here anyways. The new WiiU controller would be more useful than Kinect functionality for ME3   




 This is directly from Nintendo conference 




 Second image to the left of EA sign. Wonder how they would use new controller.

EDIT: this image is from Nintendo conference.  









 Title: House Stark
Shield: Stark

 




 I think that is only because you never got a PoV chapter from her until AFFC. 




 Fuck you Jamie Lannister 




 You are so right in stating that the above gentleman is correct.  




 I am laughing just thinking about this, and what my probable reaction to this would be.  




 People to stand close to me at grocery stores while I am shopping.  




 Honesty is almost a negative trait right now in the current job market. 




 I cannot even being to describe how hard that made me laugh.... 




 At least he can re-watch all of his favorite TV shows. The question is...how does he know which one's were his favorite? 




 I really wish I didn't read as fast as I did. Now that I am finished with all four books I can't sop thinking about A Dance with Dragons!!! 




 Was just about to post this until I saw yours.  




 All of these characters have much bigger roles in books 2 and 3, so I would imagine that they will also get more screen time as well.  




 Should've bought from KMart. They had a really good deal on L.A. Noire. 




 Well, has she drank from a garden hose and survived? 




 Cleveland is actually not that bad. I live/work here and have no problem with this city.  




 unless you have a Wii... 




  I cast Lvl. 3 Eroticism. You turn into a real beautiful woman. 




 "In summary, laboratory tests and driving studies show that cannabis may acutely impair several driving-related skills in a dose-related fashion, but that the effects between individuals vary more than they do with alcohol because of tolerance, differences in smoking technique, and different absorptions of THC." 




 That's my text ringtone *LISTEN* 




 Overall average for WI according to your link. In Ohio, starting wage is $33,671 and averages is $50,314. Regardless, I would have to agree that $38,284 is a very low average salary in WI.

source: http://teacherportal.com/salary/Ohio-teacher-salary 




 Honestly though...it's a user review for a videogame. I could log on right now and give it a 0/10 just for spite. I would care more if we were talking about a Critic Review.  




 We are talking about starting wages. A teacher with tenure will end up making much more than $35,000. I would be more concerned about losing benefits, because I would say that is one of the stronger benefits that teachers get once hired.  




 True, but that is the same boat every kid is in when getting out of college. Even $30,000 is a very livable wage. I am not saying I agree with what is going on, but I don't think teachers are underpaid.  




 In Ohio, starting wage for a teacher is about $35,000. Take from that what you will, but after becoming tenured teachers can start to earn a very nice wage.  




 If this is from Youngstown State University I wouldn't be suprised if people just don't show up and email the professor after the exam. 




 Enslaved: Odyssey to the West  




 Everyone has the right of police protection. What RP is saying is that one person will end up paying for their education while another doesn't have to pay a dime. Same goes for healthcare.  




 I think a lot of people here are taking that quote out of context. He is talking about college, not kindergarten. 
A better quote is this:
"Prices go up on the tuition and then we give them grants and then they get out of the college and they owe $200,000. It makes no sense whatsoever. I don't think how anybody can justify it."  




 Agreed.  




 I disagree with this. I think you overestimate the value of our technological advantage. We are an occupying force in Iraq, where someone can bomb a humvee and then go run over to a mosque and hide. Precision air strikes are basically pointless. Both sides are still shooting bullets at each other.  
























 One of the best things I have ever read on Reddit.  




 Real laughter was produced. 




 I am going to go against the grain and say Ned Stark would make an amazing King. Ask yourself where we would be today in the world of Westeros if Ned was king instead of Robert. The kingdom would not be in debt, no bastard children, the people would be well taken care of and justice would be handled properly. I also don't see treachery getting as close to Ned as it did Robert, as the latter made increasingly bad decisions over the course of years (as king, and with his wife) to end up in the situation that he was in.   




 Like...shaving? 




 Regardless of whether you agree with the current wars we are involved in, the man is putting his life on the line in the defense of our nation. That deserves thanks. 

EDIT: Not saying you were disrespecting him or anything. I apologize if it comes off that way.  




 Yeah, probably $300-$400 worth. 




 You probably hear this a lot, but Thank You

EDIT: ...and have an upvote 




 MEG! 




 It has been a while for me, but didn't Theon claim Robb "King in the North" first in aGoT? 




 That song was amazing. Also, now I suddenly have the strong urge to play a JRPG... 




 You are not redoing the animations, just tweaking them.  




 That seems like something to me that can be easily remedied. It is not some game breaking combat glitch or graphical issue.  




 As well as new melee attacks (which look to be class specific). Also weapon mods, more customization under skill trees, smarter AI, and more responsive controls.

Plus, you are also only taking into account the combat we have seen thus far. There also looks to be some pretty cool on-rails combat sequences as well as a much more epic scale to the battles.  




 This game doesn't come out until March, so I think there is more than enough time to smooth out the animations on characters.  




 Knowing BioWare, Mass Effect 3 is probably going to be a lot more than that.  




 I would visit newegg.com and look at some of the available laptops they have on their website. Usually there are user reviews that accompany each laptop that will speak towards their gaming performance.  




 thanks for the advice! :) 









 [For if the IGN link doesn't work...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQH3_Fydt-4) 









 Am as I. 




 I second this. Could use a new desktop background.  




 Not how I pictured him but HBO knows what they are doing.  




 Exactly how I pictured him.  









 I could only get to the 54 second mark before I could watch no more... 




 and this is the post that should be upvoted.  




 Will it ever stop? Yo, I don't know.  




 And it worked.

The only part I heard... 




 R'hollor be praised 




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




 Lets just say that Jon snow was killed by his attackers, then was brought back to life. That would mean that his vows would have been fulfilled, and he no longer is bound to the Nights Watch.

*Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my **death**.*

 




 Yes, it was from Winterfell. In my OP, I was referring to the fact there was no raven from Winterfell sent to the king at Kings Landing.  




 There was never a raven sent from Winterfell bearing news of the battle to Kings Landing. 




 This. There should/would have been a raven from Winterfell if Stannis was defeated.  




 I would have to agree with your last statement. Theon and Jeyne are both with Stannis last we read, so if Stannis truly was defeated then it stands to reason that he would already have found Jeyne and Theon again. 

Mance probably gave up that Jon sent him, but I doubt that in that short span he was able to defeat Stannis as well.  




 I just finished aDwD and was pretty pissed off when I read that Jon was killed. You have just gave me a small glimmer of hope. 




 I have been eyeing it up for a while, but was always afraid to click...haha 




 Just a thought, but I think it would allow a lot more people to discuss the events of the book without having to worry about accidently running into spoiler events from later on in the book.  




 What if there was alcohol involved? 




 It should be noted that you cannot have sex temporarily. I don't see this as such a big issue. The man that you are with is probably going to spend a lot of time with you "working" on your condition, so it's not like any kind of sexual interaction is off the table. Also, the potential payoff should things turn around is pretty high.  




 Yeah, I think was important to show these people so the reader can understand the motives behind their decisions.  




 I liked it a lot. Jaime's chapters were great, as well as Brienne's. I also thought the way Cersei's character developed over the course of the book was pretty interesting.  




 He doesn't count Jon as one of Catelyn's children 
























 Probably first and only time I post here, but wow.  




 Cool, Thank you! :) 




 Do you actually have to join each covenant to get the achievement? So far each covenant I go to does not give me the achievement, but I have not actually been joining them.  




 Can anyone confirm this? I have been blowing friends off on Live for the last week! 




 I thought I was the only one.  




 Works both ways pal.  




 I have been advocating this as well for a very long time. Maybe then some people would realize how batshit crazy some of the people they vote for really are.  




 That said, it only takes a few elephants with explosive diarrhea to turn everyone's lunch into a shit taco

Did you make that up? Because, if you did, you are now my favorite person.  




 Nathan Fillion is the only man that can make me question my heterosexuality.  




 Exactly. Sorry if that was misleading. 




 Fuck. I just realized that I fucked that up too... 




 Had roughly 4,000+ souls and 6 Humanity sitting at the Gargoyle boss. I needed to get more humanity so I could reverse hollowing and summon someone to help. Ended up getting poisoned trying to farm the rats for humanity. Ran out of Estus Potion and died about 5 feet away from bonfire.  




 Jumped off a ledge...like a boss 




 because you should be reading it in Sean Bean's voice. 




 Curious to see reddit's take on this. Bill seems to forget that a large part of these amenities are provided to the poor through social programs we have in place. Without those programs, I think the numbers wouldn't be as close.  




 I imagine it's pronounced, "Joe-lynn". If so, it's not that big of a deal. 

EDIT: Spelling 




 Obviously there has been improvements, but overall it is more Battlefield. Mostly all new additions are welcome, even though some need more work. Graphically(XBOX 360), this game looks to be comparable to Modern Warfare 3. 

It's a good game, but too early to tell if it will be great(or surpass MW3 for that matter).  




 goatse 









 tubgirl 




 I am betting it has something to do with adjustments made to a part of ME2 that was less than popular. Mining?  




 I am just curious if you think games like Mass Effect and Deus Ex are also wrong for coming out with content for the game after release. 




 EDIT: I'm a dumbass and can't put shit in the right place 




 Yeah, but we seem to constantly rip MW3 for this while letting every other game off easy. What about Battlefield 3 or Gears of War 3?  




 I didn't know Call of Duty was the only game to release map packs. Interesting.  




 Tyrion says hello 




 I liked the Doom movie too. Kind of tired of people saying that movies sucked just because they didn't like it.  




 Was I the only person that liked the Prince of Persia movie? 




 I think if you were moving FTL, than most of these rules would no longer apply, since our understanding of the universe is based off of a theory that states this is not possible.  




 I am pretty sure that Brian Greene explains this in *The Elegant Universe*. It's been a while since I read it though. He explains how one can essentially "travel through time" given our current understanding of the universe.  




 [Somewhat Relevant.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuxO-C2IzE) 




 As soon as I saw the article, I came into comments expecting black joke to be top comment. I was not disappointed.  




 At first I was like, "Ok, this guys must work for some professional sports team and is selling used game socks". Then I was like, "What. The. Fuck." (audibly) 

Now, after reading this AMA, What. The. Fuck. 

 #3232;\_ #3232;
 




 6 months, against 10 years.  




 I was already laughing after the first sentence.  




 When I pee I kick 




 I need to go to these places where people dress up as Mega Man for Halloween. I'm missing out.  




 TIL 




 Not sure if it has been mentioned yet, but when you are trying to exit a parking lot in your car and nobody will let you out. When you are next to a stop light and some asshole pulls right up into the exit of parking lot, even though the light is red, I just want to ram right into their fucking car.  




 with the strength to carry on... 




 I must have got 4-5 straight calls back for 2nd interviews before finally getting a job (an underpaying one at that). To me, getting so close and feeling good about your chances only to get the "Thanks, but no thanks" email was a much bigger kick in the gut.  




 I am saving this thread for the next time I hop on Amazon 




 That's the point. Ron Paul even says, " I just don't think we're at the point where anybody has absolute proof on either side". 




 Ron Paul definitely believes in a creator, and in that sense he does believe in creationism. However, what he (and, originally, you) is arguing is the theory of evolution which specifies how we as human beings came to be and not necessarily who created us.  




 Actually that statement says that he does not believe either side of the argument entirely. By your logic, that would put him squarely in the anti-creationist camp as well. 

EDIT: Spelling 
























 I played MW2 a lot over the weekend in anticipation of MW3's release, and after hearing that MW3 multiplayer was basically MW2.5 I was pretty excited. However, as soon as I popped in MW3, the first thing I noticed is some of my favorite guns don't "feel" the same. The long range accuracy of the UMP45 isn't there anymore when you "feather" the trigger. The M16 isn't as accurate. MP5 still isn't back to its COD4 glory days. Overall, I think the guns have more kick, and have trouble staying on target like they did in previous games (MW2). I still love the game, and my KDR will probably increase after getting used to some of the subtle changes in the guns, but I was wondering if anyone else noticed some of these changes?  




 I thought Black Ops was probably one of the biggest disappointments I have had, and almost put me off Call of Duty all together. If this isn't like that game, I am happy.  




 Not at all. The Vet and Noob video was amazing.  




 I don't think you read the original comment. Receiving something from someone with the knowledge that it is stolen is a felony. Previously, the OP stated that his copy of the game was acquired by "less than legal" means. 




 Yeah, I got it too. Thought it was a joke.  




 You know receiving stolen property is a felony, right? Not saying that I wouldn't do the same thing in your shoes, but I certainly wouldn't be advertising it by playing on Live or posting on the internet.  




 AI looks pretty rough, but nothing that they can't fix come March.  




 I am still playing through ME2 on Insanity. Infiltrator.  




 [Full Version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuzaxlddWbk feature=share) 









 How is shirtpunch? Never been there before but $10 tees sounds pretty interesting.  




 Anyone have a date on the patch yet? 360 here.  




 [Why the hell not](http://imgur.com/VIMuW) 




 This is what needs to happen: Elementary school teachers need to be competent at math. They can't simply "love working with kids" and "enjoy telling stories and doing arts and crafts." You need to know your shit. You need to know everything about everything because little kids ask questions that are creative and insightful and completely off the wall. 

This. Yes, we need to pay teachers better. Yes, we need smaller classrooms. However, we also need to reform what it takes to become an educator, so we have teachers that are above average in all areas (i.e. reading, writing, match, science), as opposed to barely competent in any. There are a lot of great teachers out there. I was lucky to have a few that shaped my life forever. There are a lot of really bad teachers out there too, and we need to make it more difficult to become an educator to weed these people out.  




 At first, I read this as, "Why don't you fuck more students?" 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ls9in/a_friend_of_mine_was_helping_a_girl_jump_her/c2v6mcj

Pretty sure you are wrong. That was another post in this topic, but not the OP.  




 As I said before, I was on obm.ohio.gov and I was not able to find specifically what I was looking for. 




 I have been trying to find a breakdown of the yearly budget for the State of Ohio. More specifically, I am looking to see what percentage of revenue was spent on public employee salaries as opposed to other areas. I have been on the state website, but so far I haven't been able find anything useful. Any ideas? 




 If I really wanted to understand the entire story, would it be better to start at Uncharted or Uncharted 2? 




 Even though I know what this is referencing part of me was hoping it was a Dark Souls reference after I saw the first part of the tattoo.  




 Is it weird that after reading all these stories I really want to take this shit now? 




 You gotta level it to 450 before you get anything good from it.  




 Have an upvote, brother of the Darkmoon.  




 People outside of places like Reddit need to see things like this. That way maybe they will realize that all we are doing now is setting ourselves up for failure in about 10-15 years.  




 Our tax dollars should already be doing this. This, in my opinion, is one of the problems.  




 I would actually consider paying $650 for the M-29. 




 As a Blue Phantom, this angers me... 




 All Zionist Jews are holding key positions of America.USA is doomed and cannot be fixed.only way to fix the mess is to kill all the Jews and throw em out of this land.We are taking the wrong side and fighting dirty wars for Israel.

WTF 




 I think that this has been proven false. However, I have noticed if you stop guarding with your shield you will attack quicker.  




 Anyone know what he is actually charging for this? As an Infiltrator in my main playthrough I really want this thing.  




 [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://reddit.honestbleeps.com)
 




 Which is awesome...haha 




 pics or it didn't happen 




 Damn you. Now I just spent the last hour listening to Audiomachine. 




 Hopefully they make some changes to the way the guilty system works. Also the fact that you can't queue up for an invasion and have any type of summoning sign down sucks as well.  




 Hopefully they do something about the servers. I just spent about 1-2 hours trying to level Blade of the Darkmoon and only invaded one realm... 




 "Indeed, yes. In this case the measles, um, virus which has been engineered at a genetic level to be helpful rather than harmful. Um, I find the best way to describe it is if you can... if you can imagine your body as a highway, and you picture the virus as a very fast car, um, being driven by a very bad man. Imagine the damage that car can cause. Then if you replace that man with a cop... the picture changes. And that's essentially what we've done." 




 Thundercock Soulpuncher: Best. Name. Ever.  




 You typed this out, and then took a picture to put on imgur? Other than that, I agree with you wholeheartedly.  




 I really hope that OWS can truly stay independent from our current two-party political shitstorm and become the start of a real, unified independent party that can pull people together to from both parties to vote on the real issues that we face today. Also, please (PLEASE!) do not get involved with ANY social issues. 




 No, not really. 




 Honestly, this is the main reason online play has been a real disappointment for me. I love this game, but sometimes trying to summon/get summoned is more trouble than it is worth.  




 I second that. I know I am not only one who makes sure I'm "prepared" for when the moment arrives.  




 NSFW/\ 




 or Cheesy Bread 
























 No. It's how dumbasses fight.  




 That can really be said for anyone, whether they cheated previously or not. 




 If any of you guys have looked at the new covers for the ebooks, a lot of the characters look much, much better.  




 Can you romance Aria T'Loak?  




 I am at this exact point and looking for confirmation on this. Also, if you romanced Ashley in ME1 and Miranda in ME2, is it still possible to romance Liara?  




 I think I need a cigarette after that 




 Didn't see it and figured reddit would tell me if link was already posted.  









 I am not telling you do anything, and I definitely do not agree with incorporating any personal beliefs or opinions into education/politics. What I am saying is that I accept the fact that people have different beliefs than I do, and I don't belittle them for it. 

Personally I think it is ridiculous that so many people allow their own personal beliefs to influence their decision making in regards to politics/policymaking. The fact that people like Rick Santorum can potentially become the President of the United States of America shows that we are still a long way away from achieving that kind of separation of not only church and state, but personal/moral beliefs and state.  




 uh huh, tell me more about how I'm trying to govern people's private lives using a 2000 year old book with no scientific support as my guidelines. fuck you.

Never said you were. I said that you only think what you believe as correct and allow no room for anyone else's beliefs/opinions. Just because you choose not to believe in an idea that has no scientific backing to prove it does not make it ridiculous. That is what the main problem of this video is. Atheism is no longer just denying the existence of a supernatural creator, it's about throwing it in everyone else's face and telling them to "fuck off" if they don't agree.  




 Mark Meer is badass.  




 I would have to say this is a pretty narcissistic point of view. Just because you don't hold the same beliefs as another it suddenly becomes inferior and not deserving of respect. That puts you on the same level as idiots like Rick Santorum.  




 http://eurogyro.net/locations.html

444 East Exchange Street, Akron, OH 44304 




 In all reality it is just another person mocking the beliefs of others. Nothing new here. When are people going to just respect others beliefs and be done with it? 




 Next on my list after I finish The Wheel of Time then :)
 




 Now I am interested, but I get the feeling that a large part of this series was spoiled for me.  




 but not the one this city needs.  




 I need 1920x1200 :(

Thanks though.  




 Can anyone get a 1920x1200 version? The only one I see is the one from bioware that has the banners.  




 What this tells me, is that a Mass Effect movie would be amazing. Here's to hoping that there is enough positive feedback from ME3 to prompt more discussion on this.  




 Mine would be that I love to cook/bake, and I like to keep my kitchen looking nice. Just picked up a new set of Pfaltzgraff dishes and I plan on picking up the matching set pieces when I get a few more bucks.  




 at 1:23 I was like, "....WTF?" 









 I am probably the one of the only people who disagrees with this. Definitely a very good story for the second game in a trilogy.  




 Especially the last few seconds of video in this trailer.  




 Aside from some of the others I have already seen posted here, I would really like to be able to re-experience Grandia 2 again. One of my favorite games of all times. Also, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West.  




 Good pick. I put down the second game after about 2 hours of playing, but the first still ranks as one of my favorite games.  




 I laughed pretty hard at this... 




 As did I. Seriously, I was thinking, "28 comments...nobody could have thought about Dead Island yet." 




 The Wheel of Time (series) is every bit as good in my opinion. On book number 4 right now and can't stop reading. 




 Please tell me there is a 1900x1200 res around here somewhere...
 




 Drinking and driving 




 Not an insult, just stating a point. Also in your previous post you neglected to mention that his affiliation with the Tea Party had anything to do with your not respecting him. Also, even if he is a member of the Tea Party, that doesn't make him any less of a person. I can understand your sentiment if he was one of the crazies in the crowd holding up signs calling Obama a Muslim, but nothing you have said here seems to indicate that.  




 Looks like you are the one being judgmental, not him.  




 I agree with this 100%. Your first few bullets almost never seem to make contact although you are aiming right at the guy! I have a 30Mb connection with a 15ms ping and I consistently run into these problems in MW3.  




 Is this only on PC version, or can you see this on Xbox as well? 




 This guy said he liked Twilight Princess's controls better. His major gripe about the game has just been invalidated.  




 I agree. Sometimes it takes a good minute before a care package even comes out and by that time the round might be over.  




 I actually think this is good, because it will force IW to get a patch out reasonably quick due to the amount of people who will most likely have this problem. Hopefully they will take care of some other things along with this.  




 I don't know why you are getting downvoted. Even though the OP made a mistake I think this is what he was getting at.  




 Bog! Anyone? 




 **Gun:** 
G36C (Red Dot Sight)
.44 Magnum

**Perks:** 
Scavenger Pro
Assassin Pro
Steady Aim Pro 

**Killstreaks:** Support
SAM Turret
Advanced UAV
Escort Airdrop

Sometimes I use Dead Silence instead of Steady Aim and I use Hardline in place of Assassin when running an Assault package.  




 Am I the only one that thinkgs the UM is a lot less OW than from MW2? 




 Haters gunna hate. This place is like /r/gaminghipsters. 




 Normally I would say so, but after maxing out the UMP it still isn't quite like the MW2 version IMO. No big deal, just takes some getting used to.  
























 Black Car. Always burn my arm on the center console when I get in (on sunny days).  




 Downtown is great, but I have lived in Merriman Valley for 3 years in love it. Great bars, close proximity to downtown(5-10 min), state parks, etc. Like somebody else said though, don't live in Timbertop. Try Pheasant Run or Hampton Knoll.  




 I don't know about anyone else, but I really miss those Hunter: The Reckoning games on the PS2/XBOX. Some of the best co-op memories I've ever had.  




 I feel almost exactly the same. Sure there are some things I didn't like about the ending, but that is life. My big thing, which looks to be getting addressed, was the lack of closure. Add in some free DLC for someone who very much likes the multiplayer, and I give Bioware/EA a "thumbs up".

Keep in mind though, I still plan on thoroughly vetting Bioware's next release before I buy. No more preordering every game like I did with DA2 and ME3. To be honest, I still think Dragon Age 2 and EA "pimping out" the Bioware brand gets to me more than ME3 ever did.   




 May have playable content. I would not read too much into what was said there, as it is neither outright confirmed or denied.  




 Egwene.  




 Geez, excuse me for being an idiot. I read that probably 4 times, and thought it said, "You *can't* love your government...". 

My fault 




 I couldn't disagree more. I love this country and I love what it represents, and I feel that the government, as well as the people in control of it (and policy making) are slowly destroying this country. The fact that people even believe a statement like this is proof of that, in my opinion. 

EDIT: I'm a moron; misread text. 




 Am I the only one that thinks it wouldn't have to be 14 movies long? Sure, the first one should be based off of EotW, but after that I imagine they could take out a lot of filler and condense the series into about 7 or so movies. Maybe even less if they decide to leave certain events out completely.  




 Asshole much? (good job deleting your other posts) 




 I gave you an example in the post above of as to why, so I will not repeat it here. Also, while I agree that the ending was not good at all and has potentially cost Bioware/EA my business, I find it ironic that you describe my opinion on this matter as a difference in taste. One could argue that for every opinion that people have on the last 5% of Mass Effect 3. 

The harsh reality is that many (not all) people attempting to return Mass Effect 3 are scorned fans trying to get back at BioWare/EA any way they can, and looking for ways to make a quick $60 without justification. Much of the way people react to anything BioWare related now, and to other people who don't hold the same beleifs as this sub-reddit, reinforces this. Sadly though and also somewhat ironic, with business being a dog-eat-dog world, this is probably going produce a bigger impact than probably any other protesting method would. 

Also, let me just say that I support almost everything else being done to show BioWare/EA our displeasure, and a lot of what they do in the next few weeks will be the deciding factor in whether or not I will ever buy another game from them again.  




 So is a music CD. 




 Yes, it is my say, because it's my opinion. Just because you are allowed to ask for you money back doesn't make it the thing to do. I am going to take my box of Raisin Bran back to the store because there wasn't enough raisins in by last bowl of cereal. If I bitch enough, maybe they'll give me my money back. That doesn't make me any less of an asshole though.   




 Me: Shepard.

Cleverbot: Commander Shepard.

Me: Yes.

Cleverbot:Well, do it.

Me: Do the Shepard?

Cleverbot:I'm doing it, but you can't see me. 




 I'd probably toss the shit in the guys face, and then demand to speak to the manager. This would most likely result in me getting my money back, but it really doesn't have anything to do with what I mentioned above. A bad ending in a videogame is a lot different than a mouthful of shit. You don't see people returning DVDs for refunds because they didn't like the ending of Lost, or taking back books just because they didn't like the ending. 

Generalizations like this are garbage. It's one thing to be upset with a company like Bioware and speak with your wallet, and it's something entirely different when you try to weasel out of paying $60+ for a game you just played the entire way through. I for one, probably won't be buying another BioWare/EA product without first making sure via reviews and customer opinion that the game is actually good. They've lost my trust, and as a company they will have to earn it back. That is how spending money works.  




 Hoping this is a joke. I still think it is beyond ridiculous to play a game all the way through and then ask for your money back, regardless of how the ending made you feel.  




 Fuck that. I wanted Aria. 




 What.the.fuck? 




 [Dystonia Cheerleader](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ztiAN9k584)

[Walk it out remix](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qELbA6cKrPc) 




 I wish some of these were higher res.  




 I'm almost afraid to post in this thread for fear of getting downvoted. Almost... 




 I started in late November 2011. Just finished up ToM last week.  




 So it can't be both? 




 [Source Post](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/rcpab/artificial_habitat/) 




 Mass Effect 2 was not as heavily advertised as 3 was, and Skyrim was released during the holiday season. With more examples, I'd be willing to accept that this was in part due to the endings, but I think this is just conjecture.  









 Looks kinda like the Citadel in Mass Effect 




 Your choices are reflected throughout the entire 3rd game sans the last 5 minutes. That doesn't mean you wont get a completely unique experience for the first 25 hours. In fact, its been proven you will. 




 Its kind of ironic that everyone is talking about how much better the ending would be with this stuff when almost every line of dialog was in the game.  




 Good thing Mass Effect 3 isn't a bad game. This is kinda getting out of hand.  




 You can't really mirror what the player is going through because each player is going to handle the situation differently.  




 In my opinion, creating brand new endings would be a disservice to everyone, especially the people that don't mind the current ending. I still think we should get more closure, and perhaps have some of the storylines that we followed throughout the series wrapped up, but completely re-writing the ending because a large portion of the gaming community doesn't agree with it isn't the answer. 

IMO, re-writing the endings would be the equivalent of taking a toy from one kid and giving it to the another that's crying because he doesn't have it (I am by no means saying that anyone is crying, just an analogy). I would rather see compromise.  




 You explained my sentiment exactly.  




 To be fair, anything that involves one weapon wiping out an entire race of super-beings is going to be space magic. 




 In all honesty, I think the endings themselves weren't bad at all. The main problem was the lack of content associated with each ending. I am just speaking for myself, but I would be happy if Bioware added about 10-15 minutes of extra, *unique*, content into each ending to allow for a little diversity between playthroughs and to close up to unfinished story beats. This in turn would give them the opportunity to add closure to a lot of the storylines (as well as Renegade/Paragon consequences) that have been progressing throughout the course of the series.  




 Thanks for the link. I was wondering if I could get larger versions of these images.  




 I feel comfortable with a sword now, I quite enjoy wielding one. I wouldn't profess to be good in a real life and death situation. Enough to maybe hopefully impress the ladies.

Best line in the interview 
 




 Most other have already been mentioned, but I really like the scenes with Mat and Talmanes (also, the Band in general). Also at the very end when Olver opens up the letter from Verin.  




 I think your description of this moment makes it even better.  




 [Fight Club](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0137523/quotes) 

EDIT: I'm a dumbass, and I thought you were asking where the "His name was Marauder Shields." came from.  




 I was thinking of this one too.  




 Now I feel like I have to go to my Walmart and see if they have this shirt. 




 Neither did I. I google'd and came up with this: 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Sue 




 I stand corrected. I didn't realize WoT fans were that upset over some of the later books in the series.  




 is it just me or do most of the one star reviews actually talk about how good the book is? 


































 Also, 1900 x 1200 




 For example, I don't think I could ever pickup a hitchhiker without the fear of being brutally murdered and left for dead on the side of the road. Also, zombies.  




 Arcade Fire. I've played through Neon Bible and The Suburbs multiple times, and there is only about 4-5 songs I can actually listen through to the end.  




 Cleveland is not lame.  




 Defendor. Say what you want about Woody Harrelson, but that movie was really good.  




 Yes. This movie came out of nowhere. Everyone should watch. 




 Yes it is.  




 Good times were had.  




 Same 




 /r/darksouls would like this 




 He broke the #1 rule. **Never** like your own status.  




 Another IT guy. 27 years old. On my own. I like to think of my self as pretty sociable, but instead of driving back to my hometown to go out this the weekend (which I normally do) I decided to get drunk and play Rockband tonight. That usually turns into playing more and more depressing music as the night wears on and waking up with a hangover tomorrow morning.  




 Upvote for Enslaved.  




 I actually thought "The Island" was pretty damn good. Haven't seen it mentioned on here yet.  




 North Dakota? 




 As a new subscriber, I think it's hilarious how I read the first two comments joking about this huge debate over the final act, only to then spend the next 30 minutes reading comments from a bunch of people arguing over the final act. 




 Every time I go to Walmart I always check to see if they put any blu-ray movies on sale.  









 This. Especially the free drinks. It was weird when I walked into a bar I've been going to for a few weeks and the bartender greeted me by my first name.  




 I was in the passenger seat of a truck that crashed into a tree going about 60 MPH. I did not have a seat belt on. Face smashed off the windshield, but I survived relatively unharmed with no lasting effects (aside from back pain). 
[Picture of Truck](http://i.imgur.com/FsfLe.jpg)
 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/htw48/mass_effect_3_on_wii/

just sayin 




 I usually take St Route 8-77 without too many issues, but I am leaving around 7-7:30 AM. 




 I also live in the Valley. Hampton Knoll and Pheasant Run are both pretty good apartment complexes that are prices reasonably. 




 What the hell. One of my favorite games would be Grandia 2. I thought it had a great story and battle mechanics. I would probably buy (in part) Trials 2 with the MS points.  




 Also, The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly 




 Correct me if I'm wrong, but if what S_W does is spam, isn't every response that isn't a question (or related to one) spam? 




 C-C-C-Comment. 




 I'd pay $15, and let them add more advertisements. Just give me some more 1vs100 action!  









 It's always good to meet a fellow adopter of HD DVD. Such a shame.  




 She looks like an average college girl that had a picture taken with a really shitty camera.  




 First pic kinda looks like a horse with purple wings.  




 I came to ask about PC specs. 




 As someone who recently got into a fight 3 three assholes at the Valley for not letting one of them cut me at the pisser, I agree wholeheartedly.  




 Is it just me or does it look like the first two come from Sherlock? They would be Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty. 









 I am curious as to how this meeting occurred. Any backstory here? 




 You must have had the Ice and Fire condoms 




 I guess I am probably one of the only people on here that doesn't find the Pledge of Allegiance creepy at all, and I think it's kind of ridiculous that it's being compared to Fascism and the Nazis.  




 More specifically, Youngstown.  




 Quick question before I try this. What about the glass breaking from being on that light for so long? It's probably going to get pretty hot after a while.  




 Came in looking for 1920x1200 wallpaper. Leave disappointed. :( 




 Depending on the day/time, sounds like a good idea.  
























 Maybe not the best, but my favorite. Frostfire - SOCOM 2 




  NSFW - fap material

It is called NSFW for that specific reason. Perhaps you should create a new tag called SFF (Safe for Fapping)  




 This might be off topic, but sometimes it is what someone doesn't say that hurts the most. For example, when someone that you care about a lot (and has told you that the feelings are mutual) hurts you in a way that you would not expect from them, a lot of times a simple recognition of the fact that they fucked up would be enough for closure. The lack of this can lead you to question everything leading up to this point, and whether they ever cared about to at all (or enough to avoid hurting your feelings). 




 I am on reddit at work for the same reason that you are on reddit at school/home/etc: if I have time to browse the internet, I am going to go to whatever sites I want to, provided they are appropriate (hence NSFW tags).  




 Some people need to realize that NSFW doesn't mean things that can't be shown on cable TV. Many companies do not mind if there employees browse the web from time to time, but they do not want them looking at camel toe and side boob.  




 Half-Life 3 confirmed 




 I had a lady come in today complaining that she was unable to print to the network printer down the hall from her office, so I went down to her office to see what the problem was. When I asked her to try again with myself present, she began spamming the "Paste" button over and over again saying, "See? Nothings happening!". Once I moved her mouse over to File - Print (effectively showing her how to print) she then proceeded to print out the same one page 40 times due to the fact that the kept hitting the paste button instead of print.  




 Too bad you're not Catholic 




 The entire game is set in a post-apocalyptic world that has been taken over by machines. Also, the ending.  




 Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. More people need to play this game.  




 Thank you for reminding me of how awesome this game was. Easily the best RPG of the DC/PS2/GC era.  




 Do you mean Dredd? Props if you do; that movie is fucking awesome.  




 1.) Aside from your more well known movies, what is one film that you thought should have gotten more attention, or didn't do as well in the box office as it should have?

2.) Tupac or Biggie? 




 Shipping is ridiculous. Shirt.woot.com is having the same deal with free shipping.  




 My friend was driving coming home from wedding reception. Lost control of truck around bend, clipped a telephone pole (went right through the side of it) and smacked into a tree doing roughly 50-60 MPH. I did not have a seatbelt on and all I can remember thinking was, "Please don't die." 

Ended up smashing my face off of the windshield and messing up my arm but overall made it through relatively unharmed. Helped put a lot of things in perspective.  




 I can't be the only person that thought you were a dude in the first picture. 




 saving 




 I know I was supposed to be enjoying the pictures, but I couldn't take my eyes off of that soul patch. 




 I have ran quite a few times, mostly for harmless stuff, but the best was when hid under a fake Christmas tree in my friends basement.  




 Black Ops. Even though I still play MW3 to this day, I can't get past the shitty matchmaking and continual lag comp issues. If this isn't fixed for BO2, I will probably wright off the CoD franchise.  









 Only if it's Rockband. 




 Klein is small if I am not mistaken 




 I think it boils down to the fact that whether or not it disappoints you, **there is** a lack of endgame content to keep some people playing. Now for some people, this is not a problem as they will make new characters and enjoy exploring the world. For others, who like to continue to progress their character after they hit the level cap (whether through new rewards or just more content) GW2 will likely grow stale for them shortly after reaching max level. 

Speaking for myself, I will most likely play a little PvP and WvW until I get bored and then stop. While GW2 doesn't have mechanics in the game that keep myself and many others coming back for more, I still had a lot of fun playing the game and think it was worth the $60 I spent. 

If I could pick one thing that ANet should do in order to retain players, I think it would be to release new content or update zones based on player level ranges in an attempt to keep things fresh for people who have finished the game. Maybe have a few NPCs that will dole out weekly quests that are basically events that continue to fill out the world, while not necessarily putting a carrot on a stick. I don't think it would be that much to ask to reskin a few baddies, and put together 3-quest dynamic event or something.  




 All I can say is...wow. That is basically impossible to get, unless you spend a shit ton of money on gems and gold.  




 Strike that last comment then.  




 Lag compensation. After putting a lot of my time into MW and MW2, MW3 was unplayable for the first 6 months I owned the game. I just recently started playing again.  




 But relationships like that do exist in nature. The pilot fish and shark is one example, and the Goby fish and shrimp is another. Also, I think you underestimate the relationship between humans and animals, considering in most cases we do feed them and provide shelter.   




 I understand what you are trying to say, but there are already quite a few examples of animals in the wild that rely on other species for survival. What makes dogs evolution any different than that? 




 Just send invite if you want to play. 




 Anyone willing to hop on and play some CoD with someone who doesn't have any map packs? Used to play all the time during MW/MW2 but haven't gotten the itch until recently. 

GT: CenTz01 




 Normally I would say to boost score since it's Kill Confirmed, but it looks like he doesn't have any points either.  




 [Spoiler](#s "Especially that episode about the Doctor's Daugher....wait. ") 




 I can't help but think the reason there is a crate at Tali's feet is because the artist could not draw her lower legs properly. 
 
Edit: I understand this isn't the reason. Just saying.  




 You get what you pay for. 




 Nah. I don't think enough people will notice to care. To me, they look pretty stylish for being video game themed.  




 I may be a cheap-ass but am I the only one who thinks $18 + SH is a tad too much for a coffee mug? Don't get me wrong because I would use the shit out of this if I had one, but that's just too damn much.  




 This is the first time I have thought of it like this. If it plays out either way you described, I'll be one very happy reader.  




 You just put my thoughts into a coherent statement. Actually, after watching this movie, it made me appreciate Batman Begins and The Dark Knight more.  




 A few things that I will admit to doing:

* Putting innards of broken 360 into new 360 and returning to *******.
* Amazon Prime Student for free. Graduated from college 3 years ago.  




 Let Me In was actually a pretty damn good movie.  




 I watched Grey's Anatomy. More than once.  




 1900 x 1200? Please? Pretty please? 




 Have they fixed the netcode yet? Just curious.  




 Just figured I'd put this up here as most of the members of this sub-reddit are fans of Sean Bean. Was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this movie.  
























 And any one of you would do the same exact thing given his situation. Akron Beacon Journal, or ESPN? Please tell me you wouldn't. I don't blame him one bit. If you can forgive LBJ, then you shouldn't hate Windhorst at all.  




 What did he actually say? Anyone have a link? 




 There was a post that Broussard made earlier that has since been deleted that said LeBron was going to Cleveland. Wish I would've screen grabbed it.  




 There was multiple posts from Broussard and @Probballdraft that have since been removed. Wonder why? 




 There is dialogue between Garen and Darius. I know that much at least. 




 No need to be an ass 




 I used to have an account at Torrentleech from back in 2008 and had it all the way up until last year when after a few months of inactivity got it deleted. If anyone has an extra invite to spare I would forever be in your debt. Thanks.  




 I've actually had it happen to me only once, and it was $20 after making a withdrawal from the bank. They must've realized their mistake because it was taking out of my account a day later.  




 Did not expect to hear anything about the vestibule for the rest of my life. That place ate up a lot of my time when I was a teenager.  




 Ben Tate is also a Cleveland Brown now. Can't discount that. 




 He was talking about Vi, not Yi. 




 How long does it usually take for them to finish? 




 For some reason your link isn't working for me. 




 Am I missing something, because I thought the WiiU wasn't doing very well as of right now. I am the only one I know that has one.  




 Vi, Garen, Pantheon  




 Looks like OP delivered  




 not really 




 This was how I felt the entire last week when I was reading Words of Radiance.  









 Serenity  




 I really hope this is the case. It was probably my favorite part about Dark Souls.  




 I'm pretty sure it was sarcasm, but I could be wrong.  




 Just kicked me out in the middle of champ select. Hopefully the downtime isn't too long.  




 If he was a sociopath I don't think he would care enough to lie to them about it though.  




 If we are talking about both next gen consoles, I was actually pleasantly surprised by Dead Rising 3 as well. I put a lot of time into that game.  




 I see nothing wrong with this picture. Also, your boyfriend looks like a skinny/hairy version of Ryan Gosling. Also, I hate cats. That is all.  




 Stardust is a pretty good one to watch in almost any situation. Also, the Star Trek (2009) remake.  




 I understand that spreading it across the menu is a better idea. I was just stating that raising the price of one burger on the menu is not a good indicator of how to compensate for the raise increase.  




 I am for raising the minimum wage, but I don't like this argument either. By raising the cost of the Big Mac $1.28 on top of what it already is, you cannot expect the same amount of people to buy it. Then, you would have to raise the price of other items to compensate even more.  




 Hello everyone; first post here. I recently purchased a home theater setup and was looking for some feedback. Haven't even installed everything yet. 

* Center: Polk CS10
* Front: Polk TSi300 Floorstanding
* Surround: Polk TSi100 Bookshelf
* Sub: BIC America F12
* Receiver: Harmon Kardon AVR1700

I just noticed this sub today, and was looking to make sure I made the right choices. Any help at all is appreciated.  




 I am confused as to why this is funny? Help? 




 I am still undecided between the SC-2010 and the Remington R5. I'm glad to see though that the grip actually does something in this game though compared to previous ones.  




 What kind of dog is that? 




 Unless this is offset by a reduced retail price, I will most likely not be getting this game. 




 Anyone got video?
 




 ...what thread? 




 "Allahu akbar"

A lot of people would flip their shit. 




 Gone in Sixty Seconds 




 You get that line from the show Castle? 




 I would hold onto the last two, but the first one would be right before I played the lottery.  




 Followed and liked. Would be nice as I was actually planning on not renewing my XBL sub this year. :) 




 Snoop, you ever try Molly? If so, are you sweating? 




 I had an original Wii that had a bad video chip, and the screen started pixelating. Nintendo sent me a new one out no questions asked.  




 Am I the only one who thinks $28-$30 for a tank top is pretty ridiculous?  




 World War 3 
























