 DO NOT DARE INSULT HER CROWN OF DICK 




 So...spread it like butta isn't the appropriate response then. Got it. 




 FOLLOW THE YELLOW BRICK ROAD 




 NOW GO TO HER - EARN YOUR NAME SON 




 I believe it's: "Why can't sheeple see THE GOVERNMENT IS EVIL!"

Then the next day: "Why can't sheeple see that ONLY GOVERNMENT NEEDS POWERFUL GUNS!"

It's pretty sad, actually. 














 YOU CLEARLY LACK HIS HOLY NIGGERNESS IN YOUR HEART. OPEN UP AND LET HIM EJACULATE HIS GLORY INSIDE OF YOU. 




 YOU HAVE TO LET HIM REACH IN, GET ELBOW DEEP AND TOUCH YOU WAY INSIDE YOUR RECTUM OF FAITH. 




 Yeah BRO whats up with that BROSEF?? 














 SARAH JESSICA PARKER MADE MY SPACEDICK THROW UP 




 1,456. 




 Home Alone did it first. 




 Retarded people that create retarded children. 




 Retardation runs deep in this family... 




 Castrate? I think they meant to sew his vagina shut... 




 He is gay? 




 Also, did you know suicide is actually pleasurable according to Faygo University studies? 




 Jerking it on my couch just got a little bit sexier... 




 "You sir are clearly a man of less than savory character and I would venture to guess that your parents would not be pleased with these shenanigans were they to hear of them." 




 Simple, subtle, mild. And very likely true. Got my vote. 




 There's a 'Psycho' joke in here somewhere but I can't find it. I need coffee. 




 Gloryholes. Definitely gloryholes. 




 NOT EVEN TRYING ANYMORE 





























 I wrote my ex wifes employer and mailed them copies of all the emails she was exchanging with her 20+ year older boss, who she was also having sex with in his office. 

My only regret is Facebook didn't exist at the time so I couldn't show them to everybody, they were pretty damn funny. I remember one line "I miss your love box". I am not kidding. 




 In hindsight, what do you feel now about it? Are you better off? Do you wish you could undo it? Do you wish you could have done more? 




 'Cardiac arrest' is to 'stroke' what 'Kim Kardashian' is to 'deserves to live'. 




 Passing through the bricks over the pipe at the end of level 1-2 and walking through the wall in Super Mario Bros takes you to a bullshit never ending water death trap built by masochistic assholes. 














 The police were laughing at you getting hit. Not you hitting the hood of the car. What you saw: "Decked out in awesome threads". What they saw: "Drugged out metalhead jumped into traffic". 




 So you found a poster in Germany but decided to post a tiny shit res picture instead....

lrn2 pictures with phones 




 THIS COLLECTION SUCKS DICK. THIS IS GAYER THAN TWO MEN FUCKING EACHOTHERS ASSHOLES WITH SHIT COVERED DICKS WHILE STREAMING VIDEO OF IT ON LOOKHOWGAYWEARE.COM 




 I've seen video of victims falling from the burning towers on 9/11 that was funnier than this. 














 I bet he put it in her butt. 




 Newsflash: white trash hick can't let go of his past.  




 Israel opts to keep him. He isn't leading them anywhere they don't want to go. 

And they call us 'cattle'.... 




 I don't believe anything can make Somalia worse... 




 The name is so gay I will never click it.  





























 Let me guess, you were voted "Most likely to get a joke" in high school, weren't you?

You have a gift, sir. You have a genuine gift. 




 I like this one. It has a more educated ring to it. "Excuse me gentlemen, while I appreciate the plethora of penii, I must ask you to form a single-file line for the sake of order." 

Definitely going with that one. 




 Responding to a post, I stumbled upon this age-old issue. Penis's, penises, penii? What do you use when you're discussing multiple male genitalia? 




 LPSG.com.

It's a support group for men suffering from the affliction of large penis's. Penises? Penii? 

Large Penis Support Group. 




 Secret conservative hot gay man/meth sex exposed in the media is honestly the best. 



















 giving US citizens a trial before imprisoning them indefinitely or targeting them in drone strikes is important. Stopping the war against drug users and reducing the burden on our law enforcement and our prison systems is important.  









 Just like those socialist nurse unions...everyone hates them until they need them. 




 This story disturbs me. It's like something out of a weird dark comedy...still not sure if serious. 









 I'm willing to bet every person bitching about Red Cross response has never donated money nor blood to them. 









 Was that wrong? Should I not have done that? I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to plead ignorance on this thing, because if I had known that sort of thing was frowned upon... 









 I'd dress her in a Smurfette costume, paint her blue and live out my longest fantasy. 









 Hey thanks! We are just visiting, our first concert was a musician who is playing there later this month, we're driving in from DC area. Our place took some damage but nothing compared to the people up north. Thanks though! 




 Ha! That's funny because dead people and flooding, I get it. 




 Going to the club le poisson rouge in Greenwich Village later this month for our anniversary, would like a hotel in the vicinityof the club. I've never been to this area before and it's my fiancees first time in NYC at all (moved here from Europe a few years ago).

I'd like to give her a great NYC experience for her first time, so looking for smaller non-chain hotel and restaurant suggestions while we're in town (two days). 

Any advice welcome, thank you!

 




 Depending on the state, you can actually sue them for this. Alternatively, wait until they leave their place, then force your way in and sit on their couch naked until they get home. Ask them "How does it feel" then walk out. 









 Yeah, I worked for a government military agency for years and...it was awful. I just pretended. "Yeah guys, can you believe he didn't get that 3 yard down from the field goal line". Then everyone stares, assumes I'm kidding and keeps going. 

It's tough lol 




 Thought others may be interested in the benefit show coming up 11/15 at (le) poisson rouge in NYC for  "the peoples bailout". Hosts include Janeane Garofalo and Lizz Winstead with a great collaborative lineup. 

Thought I'd pass it on! 









 Exactly 




 This is my take on it currently. I am not sure why anyone would use read receipts dealing with someone 1:1 regularly unless they are being prickish though. 




 A recent debate between myself and some coworkers got me thinking - is it rude to request a read receipt in Outlook? On one hand, a receipt allows you to be thorough when dealing with a given issue but on the other hand it can convey that you don't trust someone is going to read the email in a timely manner.

Interested in the opinions of others on this. 




 "Be careful of the curse that falls on your lovers". Rings true every time. 




 I have no idea how football works. At all. 




 Poppycock. 




 Be lucky someone is helping you and stop bitching about it. 
























 There are no keys on my keyboard that can replicate the sound that I just made. 




 OK, this has potential too. Checking Netflix. 




 This was on television just a day or two ago. I watched about three minutes of it and have to agree that it was pretty damn bad, but it lacked that "oomph" that made me both awe-struck and sick to my stomach and that's what I'm hoping I can find... 




 WTF am i reading.jpg 




 But it really isn't. It's bad, but it isn't even 'Jersey Girl' bad. It just sucks in a mediocre way. 




 Believe it or not I have, but it was such an old film they had no idea what they were doing - I have to kind of forgive it for its ignorance... 




 This has potential. I have not seen this but am hunting the DVD right now. 




 I have seen 'The Room'. I have seen 'Troll 2'. I have even seen a Madea film. I do not believe these are the worst. I am looking for a movie that meets the following criteria: It is awful in acting, production, script and effects but DOES NOT KNOW IT. A movie that actually tries to be good and fails in every way.

Please help me find this holy grail. I know it is out there, waiting for me to hate it. 




 I bet Mandle was Michael Jacksons user name online. 




 It's not Fark. That's enough for me. 




 I hope you get gangraped by Ugandan chimpanzees and catch Michael BAIDS 














 I have never interviewed someone and considered their major. A BS is a BS. Apply for what you want, just be willing to start low and be prepared to work your way up. Good luck. 




 I told Michael Jackson that Propofol is pretty cool and told him to think about trying it. 




 I prefer to call them fondletops. It makes owning one feel dirty and illegal. 




 I'm going for a Surface, but not suggesting it until I have time to really use it. 




 It's the PBR tallboys talking. I heard he is a good guy when he's not drunk looking to start a fight at Dave and Busters. 




 Because Israel tells us to. 




 I just all over myself. 




 Jigglypuff. I have insomnia. 









 Those victims would all be too old for him now, I'd think. 









 I larfed 


































 Four days ago, I suffered a heart attack. Pretty fit, early 30's, completely unexpected. I had some incredible plans for New Years Eve and suddenly, in what seemed like one split second, everything changed.  














 If you own a dashcam and you are not a police officer - you might be an asshole. 



















 If you can be swayed on a subject as serious as the death penalty because of a comment on Reddit, you are a shining example of idiocy. 




 Begun, the Israel spin machine has. 




 Then you are incredibly weak minded. 









 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. And had to gulp it back down. Because of you. And I've voted Democrat for 20 years. 




 End existence of time. 




 From my standpoint as an American, it seems more countries are voicing dismissal/rejection of American policy. Brazil, Albania, even Mexico seems to be much more independent of US influence lately. I'd like to get perspective from other countries on this. 









 I am so impressed with this post. I am flush with envy at the stardom you are exposed to as you lick peoples boots. I would trade anything to be in your position, basking in the dying, faded light of the celebrity of others. 




 Only by the lowest denominator of voter, so I doubt it will do much. 




 You mean Governor McAuliffe? 




 You either win or you lose. Pointing out the margins is just petty at this point, and crying "Obamacare" while complaining about how much Dems spent is just ludicrous. You know that, right? 




 So the party that supported unlimited corporate cash in elections is bitching that it was "outspent"? I am loving every second of this. 




 If Republicans had won, it would have been a "referendum on Obamacare". When a Democrat wins, its "lesser of two evils". WTF 




 My vote is Money by Pink Floyd 




 What song do you think represents the previous century most accurately? Not albums, not bands - just one single song, taken at face value.  









 Yes, stay in your basement and hide, that'll show them! 




 I'm sure he'll beat the charges. And the people issuing the charges. And the camera crew on the steps as he leaves the court. And the girl waiting for him in the car. 




 This attitude is the result of a concerted effort over many years to disparage and disillusion the very core group that could actually influence voting outcomes. The fact that you are apathetic and "rebelling" via abstaining reflects a resounding success in their efforts to prevent change. 














 So you taught your kid a lesson by dressing like a convicted pedophile? 




 Ben Affleck will be Batman 




 Ouch. 




 Still laughing at this one 









 If this is considered "in the gutter", I've done things that would keep you up for days on end, sir. 




 My favorite reddit post, ever. Thank you. 




 Threadjack much? 




 I'm wondering if Google is testing empty defenses of poor business decisions on reddit now... 




 Hide my bottle of chloroform. 




 Article said they have 5 million max. 





























 I am looking right now to find out if there are any polls reflecting the percentage of Americans that approve of painful brain parasites for  comparison. 



















 It is becoming increasingly obvious the NSA is carrying out a war on humanity as a whole. 









 If it makes you feel any better, he was shot to death and didn't die of cancer. 




 Really? Really? 









 Breaking Bad was a prequel to Malcolm in the Middle. Walt fakes his death, escapes, flees and starts a new life when he meets Lois. 




 If so, curious what finally caused the change? If not, why do you believe he is a traitor? Thanks! 









 Wow, everyone is downvoting and I didnt even mention the fact that she is a cow. Weird. 




 Pictures of awful parents are hilarious. 




 I'd love to hear your definition of the word 'art'. I'm a long time hitRECord member and a huge fan, but the concept of art is something I don't hear you discuss in detail so anything you could throw my way would be appreciated thanks. 




 Remember that his dick is none of your business. 




 Google has zero credibility at this point. They can backpedal and try to suddenly appear concerned, but it's too late.

We are the kids that walked into the bedroom and found our mom Google in bed with her hands around the NSA's throbbing shaft. There is no way they can erase those awful images from my mind. Not happening. 




 So you stole saline and IV tubing and set it up without an order? 




 I imagine that sucked 




 For myself, it was working in a storage clearinghouse for a large grocery chain. Below freezing temps in the freezer, no breaks, barely lunch and horrible coworkers. All boosted by 12 hour shifts and no benefits. Was curious what others have gone through. 









 After the most recent revelations regarding NSA accessing their networks, Microsoft supplying Outlook encryption keys and other data mining policies, I don't believe one fucking thing Microsoft or Google have to say on this issue. 




 Marriage. 




 I don't yiff but if I were to yiff, I would yiff Gadget until she called the cops. 









 Oil. Israel. Capitalism. 

Apathetically rearrange, wash, repeat. 

 




 "Don't take the highroad. Kill her." 




 Ha ha molestation signs are hilarious... 









 The moment you put Reverend in front of your name, you volunteer for a higher level of scrutiny than the "rest of us" in my opinion. 



















 pork stool 




 That girl deserves better than a guy who posts pictures of plants to reddit. 




 This is the new definition of mistake to me. If anyone I know ever comes to me and says something like "I'm thinking of starting up heroin" or "I think I should spend all of my money on Zynga stock" I am going to say "You are possibly making a major Ben Affleck is going to play Batman in the next Man of Steel film". 









 I would disagree on this, imo nothing is more dangerous to our immediate society than letting those under 18 think they can murder someone openly and not suffer consequences. 




 Questionable actions by a kid at night, creeping around a neighborgood then gets shot while assaulting a guard - Obama calls him his son, leads a firestorm of racist supposition.

Clearly innocent kid gunned down randomly by an openly racist kid and his friends - Obama hasn't said a word.

Interesting. 









 The two are about neck and neck imo. Both show the depths government is willing to go to get its way. 














 I don't think any of them are capable of feeling.  



















 Who cares? 









 Transgendered people suffer from a form of body image distortion in my opinion. I'm not sure it's the same thing. I am frustrated when they are lumped together with bi/homosexual men and women. Trans is a different animal. It's like saying "All blacks,Asians and Arabs are the same because they are all minorities!"

Not the same at all. 




 I dated a gay man once who didn't believe in bisexualism. He did not handle it well when I left him for a woman. 




 SAY THAT TO MY ONLINE FUCKER, AND NOT FACE AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS FAGET 









 YOU -'- RE A FAGGOT, FAGGOT 









 Lets ogle at bones. Theres nothing primitive about that at all. 




 Racism isn't funny. 




 Wow, not only do you know how to link to my profile but you can post links to? Look at you go! Next you'll be pooping all by yourself! 




 No time today but I will as soon as I can. She has band practice Saturday so I probably can email them to myself and clean up before she's back. 




 No it isn't. We give Israel the money, there are zero repayment terms for Israel. They are waived. No repayment. No interest. Nothing. 




 Not that I have to explain myself to anyone, but sure. A country that dictates our policy, ridicules our economics in open public addresses and has less national debt than we do should be, in theory, able to support themselves without attaching their lips to our nipples. Just my opinion, but handing aid to a country that has repeatedly been caught spying in our government and repeatedly acts without consulting us (normally to the detriment of the entire middle eastern region) is not someone we should be shoveling hundreds of millions to when we have major economic problems in this country that could use those funds. 




 Yep, posting random figures without checking them is great work... 




 How? We have caught, in the past 15 years, more Israeli spies working in our government than any other country. They openly refer to us as cattle.  The blatantly refuse to end the temper tantrum known as the Gaza incursion and are dragging us and every other democratic society into the fray. In fact, I can't think of one single thing Israel has done for us.  




 http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/israel-will-lose-175-million-in-u-s-foreign-aid-due-to-sequestration-cuts.premium-1.506024 




 Now this is an answer that makes sense to me. Thanks. It would technically not be searching ones PC, but their use of open lines. Gotcha, thanks for shedding some light on that. 




 Now name calling. Your intellect and penis size must be genuinely profound sir because I for one am impressed. 




 That is what I found interesting. I was curious if this argument has ever been applied to corporations. Can the use of a service forfeit certain rights? Radical example, could a woman working for WalMart legally be told by the company that she is not allowed to vote? 




 1. You're assuming I mean this to apply to me. Poor stance.
2. You're assuming a stranger on the internet could not possibly read. Poor presentation.
3. You use arbitrary betting and worthless words instead of facts or sources. Wasted time.

Thanks though. Appreciate your effort. 




 So the federal ruling granting students the right to privacy from their educational institutions, which are not government entities, is incorrect?

For reference:
http://education-law.lawyers.com/school-law/Students-Have-Privacy-Rights-Under-the-Fourth-Amendment.html 




 Based on what precedent? This is what I am trying to ascertain. 




 No, it doesn't specify government.

"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized" 




 Based on what? If you're using Mcdonalds drive through, can they search your car? 




 We as a country have a little bit more to worry about right now than a pretty little soundbite that they can throw up in the 2014 election cycle. This is nice, but since the research was PAID FOR BY US, it isn't exactly a nice gesture to GIVE THE RESULTS TO US. 







































 Thanks for the feedback. I can see from your high link submission karma that you know what you're talking about and you're not just an armchair dude farting on your keyboard. :) 
























 I'm not sure they are thinking clearly. I imagine they are working brutal hours due to overall shortage of staff. International workers and Red Cross have been attacked several times by locals and it's scaring off volunteers. Those that braved it are wearing themselves down.

I'm a nurse and I feel like more should volunteer to get down there and help contain this, but I have a family and take the easy way out. I still feel this has potential to get very very horrible.

I hope the doctor makes it through. :( 









 Where does Jesus advocate military spending versus helping the poor? I'm looking and...I might have a busted copy because this copy of the New Testament doesn't mention that at all. 









 Came to post this very thing. 









 That is also not true. Shareholders also have interest in longevity of positive return for investment. Criminal activity, even if it could result in higher share price, isn't the ideal scenario for the average investor either. 




 I'm going to go with this answer myself 









 Hawking speculated in 'The Grand Design' that conscious observation may be a fundamental part of the formation of the universe, since without it 'existence' ceases to exist. 




 I like to take it one step further. Since energy is infinite, time is irrelevant. Everything energy will be or can be/has been currently exists at once. We interpret the state we're in based on perception of our current existence, but that's our nature. That doesn't make time as we understand it a natural law.

If we were to perceive this infinite energy in its true form, we'd see the state of everything we know to exist as simply varying forms of the same energy. Everyone around you are simply different states of you. You are every single person who has ever been, currently lives and who will ever be. Along with every single other "living" thing. 














 The United States should install minarets, as many Muslim countries do for prayer. Each day, at sunrise, midday and at sundown this song should be blasted. 365 days a year. 



















 A piece my wife did of her cousin, wanted to share. Thanks :) 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Describe a typical day doing your job.
2. How much influence do you and your kind really have on global oil prices?
3. Do you feel speculation as a whole has a positive or a negative impact on global economies?
4. What made you decide to do this job?
5. Do you feel oil markets need more or less government regulation? Why?

Thanks for your time! 









 "Experimental evidence of massive-scale emotional contagion through social networks" by Adam D. I. Kramer, Jamie E. Guillory, and Jeffrey T. Hancock

Thanks for the advice. I am lodging a complaint now. Hopefully others find this as disgusting as I do. 




 Excellent point. Do you think there is a way to obtain the names of involved practitioners?  









 Because of the new movie, this franchise is dead to me. 




 I didn't ask what caused it. I asked how to lessen it. In my former life as a nurse, I saw hundreds of gallons of various fluids thrown away in sealed rubber bags. Bags that are not going to biodegrade in your grandchild's lifetime. This is daily.

My question is, over the course of years, decades, that kind of resource abuse is a zero-sum game. 

But a good friend of mine who is a devoted Tea Party member completely agrees with you and said almost your exact argument. I just feel like it fails to touch on the issue of preservation.

We recycle aluminum. We separate plastics at the bin. We take absolutely no steps to preserve water or reintroduce it into our ecosystem, which I feel is a misstep. 




 I was hoping for an intelligent response to this. Thanks for posting the opposite, though. 




 Shouldn't draining containers that possess water be required before disposing of them? It seems logical, but this question stirred quite the debate amongst my friends and I last night. 









 That is an entire season of Celebrity Rehab with just two men. 
























 Thanks everyone, I appreciate the feedback. He is nearing middle school age. The divorce was years ago, I can't even imagine her discussing me publicly knowing how many times we've been to court. I'm going to try the pro bono avenue, I've tried before and I get many rejections based on wages.

Any attempt to return to court from position of plaintiff fails on my part, they don't listen or take me seriously in any real regard. It's hard to get into details, but essentially the relationship between a counselor and the judge in my case wound up costing me. I disagreed with the counselor regarding her attempt to medicate my son (I work in healthcare and knew a licensed counselor was not legally allowed to recommend medications for my son), so I requested a new counselor and suddenly she testified that I didn't listen to medical advice and bam, lost medical rights over my son. This was followed by my ex immediately filing and stating that if I disregarded medical advice, then my son wouldn't be safe traveling to my place. Ta da. 

A frustrating aside, the divorce started when I caught her cheating with a man 20 years older, who was both of our boss in the civilian military contract we both were working at the time. She denied this in court, I presented evidence she lied. That's how she lost, as she was proven to be unreliable in court. But the moment this counselor and I disagreed, the entire game changed. Just incredibly frustrating how biased the family court system is in favor of the mothers, but in this case I am convinced there is a loophole or a crack I've been overlooking that could help me.

Thanks again everyone. 




 After my divorce in West Virginia, I moved to Baltimore MD. The courts had ruled 50/50 custody. My ex repeatedly dragged me to court for every single reason you can imagine, and each time I won until the final court case, case number 9, where she said my sons mental health was impaired because of the travel to see me. Out of money and representing myself, I lost that single case and she gained majority custody.

My ex has completely stopped letting me see or contact my son and I cannot get the courts to act. I am still paying a large sum in child support and live paycheck to paycheck with my current wife and our baby, even though she is married to someone retired from military and they own three houses. The fact that she has children with her new husband was considered a hardship by the judge in our case and I had an additional 10 percent added to my final monthly child support.

I just want to see my son. I have no money, at all, to hire another attorney. I've burned through every dime I had in court costs. I won 8 consecutive cases. I have tried appeals, they were overturned. The judge told me to get a lawyer. I make too much to qualify for legal aid but my wages are on paper. In reality, I have a family to support and I'm struggling.

Anyone with any suggestions, please let me know. I literally have no idea what I can do now. 














 Your English is great! No worries 




 Sreb's my wife. It's her sister that made these. 




 Could you ask her for specifics on how she did this? :)  




 They're all real eggs, apparently some type of tissue and tile? I have no idea what they're talking about :/ 




 I don't think I'd use the word easy to describe it lol. There appear to be no seams of any kind, it's one smooth shell with a layer of varnish sealing it and enhancements painted on them. 

I'm lucky if I can dye an egg in food coloring without causing skin discoloration and/or ruining clothing and furniture. 



















 "Hey, he don't thunk like me thoughts, he must be one of them weirds!"

Your post reads like a really bad bully in an old ABC after school movie. 




 The sequel: "Terminated by Noon"? 




 1) What timezone do you live in and what hours do you normally reddit? DC area, all day typically off and on. 

How many hours a week do you normally use reddit? 20+

2) Where have you moderated before? Game and music forums mostly, including the XBOX Addicts forum, dnbmp3, soulseek 'music', OKCupid and long ago dogsonacid

What do you like and dislike about moderating? I like interacting with people and helping solve problems. I do not care for having to sift through endless pictures of genitals.

If you could ask the admins to change one thing about moderating, what would it be? Bundled HTML notifications via email are always useful

3) What does AskReddit need to change? Less repeat questions is a big one

How would you improve AskReddit by being on the team? Actively search history, plus I am here enough that I recognize the repeats and questions that feel "common"

4) A post goes up and your gut says that it breaks the rules but youre not sure which rule it breaks. What do you do? Research. If that doesn't turn up a good solution, then I ask someone who may know (another mod)


5) Why is rule 5 important? Objectivity is important. This should be a place to share knowledge, not rant and rave. There's better places for that. No exceptions.

6) Why is rule 6 important? Should there be exceptions made? If so, what? There are more suitable subreddits for that. No exceptions.

7) Do you agree with the expansion of rule 8? I agree so long as it remains in genuine good faith adherence to the community spirit and not some personal act of spite against a particular user.

9) What do you consider to be a bannable offense? Blatant trolling, repeating a question despite the question being removed and harassing other users are significant issues.

10) Youre a new mod and you see another mod make a banning that you dont think is justified. What do you do? Stand behind the moderators decision and expect they stand behind decisions I make. If there's a REALLY strong case for "wrongful banning", I'd shoot them a PM voicing my concerns then let them make the final call.

 




 If you read Reddit without worrying what other Reddit users think of your opinions, you realize it's shit. 




 So you're saying conclusively that the standard of living of a nation is dependent on it having a stock market?  









 Never thought I'd have to break this down for someone, but since you missed something along the line...It's the sound of the word. I hate it. Hope that makes my selection acceptable to you. Do I have your permission to dislike it now? 




 Moist. That word has always troubled me. 














 I imagine virtually every single person who posts on reddit to look like some variation of a Garbage Pail Kid. 




 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. 




 They should have clarified that before wasting my time. 









 I'd suggest actually reading what he said instead of making random ominous statements. It's the literal definition of hypocrisy for the United States to object to Russias "intervention" in Crimea. The US government made their bed and they can scream like 2 year olds, claiming the sky is falling, but at the end of the day they have little choice but to sleep in it. 









 Funny, they won't say which care facility he is in. It's almost like they don't want a bunch of people showing up picketing at the location... 









 This is what I didn't understand, Chapter 11 doesn't apparently have any type of waiting period. Thanks! 




 Keep spending your time sitting around posting questions on Reddit. Nature will take care of the rest. 




 Insane ramblings from someone who thought they were special. 




 Technically yes, there can be some cauterization from the entry of rounds depending on distance. As an ER nurse, the majority of severe bleeding I saw in wounds from gunshots came from one of two major points. The exit wound or the internal bleeding which was normally related to the round exploding internally and causing significant damage to internal organs. 




 Taking into account the major shift towards "corporate personhood", it seems contradictory that they would have special privilege when it comes to going bankrupt. 




 If you do anything other than back off, you are wrong. 




 Depending on what country you were in, you may now even be married :) 














 Zero sympathy for someone unemployed for two years. 




 Unless the object of the game is to have sex with someone, I'm not seeing how it matters, honestly 




 Wish there was video of this. 
























 Seriously? 









 What is one role from any existing story you wish you could play before you die? 




 My ex-wife left me for her boss, who was 20 years older. That was...something. 

I once had to break up with a girl by telling her I was gay so that she wouldn't quit a play I was directing. It was a really weird time in my life. 









 I have the baseball one somewhere, if you are referencing the one with the red lights that moved? 




 I still use AOL Instant Messenger. Daily. 

*hangs head in shame* 









 Your history reads like a 7th grade girl on the playground screaming "I'm telling" over and over and over...

You knew that, right? 




 No, it is quite accurate. They are both beginning the process of discrediting the messenger instead of focusing on the message.  




 This proves beyond any doubt that our Congress has completely detached itself from the rest of the world. They literally cannot process how a man could see something wrong and try to fix it. They have to try every form of smear they can think of. And sadly, it took them this long to come up with "Blame the Commies!"

This is disgusting. 
























 "The governor accepted full responsibility but not an ounce of blame." Great quote, and a great way to explain exactly what Christie managed to do. 









 Disgraceful. 




 Rot in hell. 




 Exactly. And these aren't aides. One is a friend. A friend since high school. I don't believe for one second that his friend from high school hid that act from him. No way. 




 The person directly connected to it has known Christie since high school. I have a hard time believing Christie didn't know anything. The man is too much of an asshole to let things go by in his office without his sayso.  




 What do you mean? Personally, I think he is sinking. Not sure what you mean by motive? 

Also, did they ever conclude how these emails leaked? 




 Yes this is a political topic, but I'm curious what Reddit thinks about the issue.  














 This is so sad. 




 Unless you dont die. You linger. And require skilled care for years and years... 




 THIS is something I would love as a benefit. My insurance doesn't offer this and I think thats insanity 




 Whatever the case, they ultimately care about money. It seems like giving a discount card for members to get fruits and vegetables for 5 percent off would ultimately save them money down the road if they have a healthier membership? Until we address the fact that cheeseburgers at McDonalds are cheaper than balanced meals I think people will be forced to make the unhealthier decisions...at least here in the US.  




 Covering discounts for fruits, vegetables, whole grain breads etc seems like it would ultimately save the insurance companies money. why don't they do this? 
























 Bullet 10, page 8 of the Senate report clearly states the CIA manipulates the media to, in turn, manipulate public opinion. Evidence that this exact type of article cannot be trusted without supporting evidence. Evidence anonymous polls are unable to provide. 









 Laughed hard 



















 Almost 2015
Trying this hard 




 Reading about the Pioneer plaque, and Sagans contribution to it. Then I started thinking to myself "How would we translate that same type of  message if we saw it?" Do we know the location of other stars relative to pulsars? 

Thanks! 









 I can only speak for myself when I say I personally follow this because I'm stunned there's anyone left in the political process willing to call out the banks. It's encouraging to know not everyone has given up. 




 "So let me say this to anyone who is listening at Citi  I agree with you. Dodd-Frank isnt perfect. It should have broken you into pieces.

Amazing. 









 I would strive to be worthy of returning as Glenn Howerton. 









 If corporations are people, and Sony is paying hackers to DDOS sites on the web, the DoJ and the FBI need to start opening cases against Sony immediately. 














 You are advocating terrorism. How you sleep at night is beyond me... 









 Making this issue out to be a Bush vs Obama issue is disgusting and beneath this nations reputation. 

Obama wrote an executive order banning these techniques, an order Bush COULD have signed in the form of a bill passed by the House and the Senate but he chose instead to VETO a bill requiring CIA to conform to the Army Field Manual when utilizing interrogation strategies. 

Obama has allowed drone strikes, NSA wiretapping and many other atrocities, but don't try to tie CIA torture around his neck. This one is owned by the Bush administration generally and GWB/Dick Cheney specifically. It is a stain on our country the likes of which has not been seen since slavery and any attempt to justify it or distract from the topic is indefensibly atrocious.  





























 I hope each box comes with only a fortune cookie. Inside the cookie, a random quote from Ted Cruz. 









 LOL! 




 Quite the opposite. You may have made it better. 




 Cannot unsee 














 Picture? 




 I collect things people think others shouldn't own. It's a weird hobby sometimes. My unopened series one bin laden versus USA handheld video game is probably near the top of the list. No idea of value, but just for sheer "WTF", it's my prized one. 




 Also, how much do you have/want? What is your prized possession in your collection? 




 That is astoundingly selfless. 




 The TLC channel to go bankrupt.  














 They definitely frighten me. 




 I'm thinking a Fleshlight 





























 "Emma Watson has extraextramarital affair with Emma Stone" 




 "Now That's What I Call Not Music" Volume 1? 




 "George W. Bush states videotaped encounters with gay escort were a  'misunderstanding' "  




 "I have a meeting in the morning so I can't be out too late." 




 I love Warren and agree wholeheartedly on this topic. However, she should divorce herself of Manchin immediately, he could not be a worse partner. The guy is worthless. 


































 Calling in sick to my job in NYC, then watching the events unfold that morning on September 11th, 2001. Really messed me up. Office was next to WTC 7, and I never went back. Quit that day.  









 Compare George Zimmerman to Ted Bundy and he looks like a boy scout. It's not the volume. It's the act itself IMO 




 That makes one of us. 









 I'm interested to see your source for that definition, because I can't find anything stating a stereotype must be based on observance. In fact, the stereotypes of southern Americans being inbred would be virtually impossible to observe unless you are incredibly perverse and have a lot of time on your hands. 




 How would a poor black person afford KFC? That is an expensive place to eat. And don't get me started on Popeyes raising their menu prices. 




 Yes, because no stereotype ever sprung to life out of ignorance and fear... 




 West Virginia. All of them. 









 Until you collectively start punishing the ISP's that are paying these douche bags, you're not helping anything. You need to hit Comcast and Verizon where it counts. THE WALLET.

"I don't have any other options" you say?

Then you're contributing to the problem. 




 How is Russia dependent on the US dollar? Not sure how that works. Their banking? Industry?  Sorry, genuinely curious about that.

And the shift from our currency isn't just these two, it appears to now involve Qatar, even Canada.(http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-11-10/petrodollar-panic-china-signs-currency-swap-deal-qatar-canada).




 







































 War on Soda 




 Nice to see something funny posted to r/funny every now and then. 




 I could wear that quote on a shirt. 




 I was thinking Pasteur, but whatever fits. 




 "Comcast welcomes the FCC ruling." 




 Since you invited it, I'm afraid you're a defeatist. Fortunately, as history has shown, it only takes one person to create the change millions say is impossible. 



















 From Terminator II to Edge of Tomorrow and tons of examples in between, I have always seen characters discover keys to a vehicle by opening the sun visor. Does anyone actually keep keys there? Where did this start? 









 It's in the sky. It's an object. I can't identify it. It's a UFO to me until you reverse any of those points. 









 Best script for a montage ever. 




 One of my least favorite words in the English language. 




 We tend to make it theatrical. Each argument has some ridiculous genesis, so the endings typically have to be creative and have a bit of flair. If it keeps up, by the time we're 50 we're going to be hiring full time script-writers. 














 So, completely different than the US? ;)

Similar for me. I think the concept of electoral college needs to go, centralized banking needs to go and I think we should elect Presidents for one 8 year term without ability to run again and Congress for one 4 year term without ability to run again so they get in office, focus on the work and then get out without having a few years of campaigning overlapping with "work".

 




 LONG answer, sorry in advance but - 

Similar situation with me, as you saw in prior discussion. My heart still feels "abnormal" and it's been 10 months. A heaviness or squeeze...I can't explain it  but I feel like I am cognizant of every heartbeat and this is new to me since my heart attack/myocarditis dx.

I had the flu last December, then a week or two after recovering, I was drinking with my wife at an event and felt sudden pain in my heart. Significant. I was half drunk  so I actually joked about it with her. "Wow if my arm starts to hurt I'm in tr- OW FUCK". I took way more aspirin than I should have and went to the ER, they doubted me until they saw lab results blah blah blah.

Long story short, staying at Johns Hopkins, the cardiologist told me myocarditis is difficult to positively diagnose and even more difficult to treat since many times the root cause of the issue is unknown. While still in the hospital, I receive a call from the wife of a friend of mine who I had not seen in several years. Come to find out he had a heart attack post myocarditis diagnosis and was in intensive care.35 years old. I'm 34. 

His wife asked me for advice about what to tell the doctors, what to have them look for since I seemed like I was about to be discharged and he was in a hospital in another state. 

The next day, he died.

Fast forward to now, and sometimes I think I'm losing my mind. I still feel each heart beat, I'm fucking terrified of getting the flu again and it feels like the medical community as a whole knows fuck all about myocarditis or what to do to prevent it. Every single doctor I've dealt with has a different opinion.

I love Johns Hopkins and I do feel it's an amazing medical center, but even their internal staff have differing opinions on what it is and how it should be dealt with. Some told me it will resolve and I'll be fine. Others told me it can be chronic and I have to weigh myself daily to watch for fluid retention or congestive heart failure symptoms. Some told me it was "just one of those things" and I'm fine. Others told me it could significantly impair me for the rest of my life.

One doctor (Hopkins is a learning hospital so you get a million docs) told me this summary "Myocarditis is so incredibly rare, it's essentially winning the worst lottery you can think of. And I have a better chance of guessing tonights winning numbers than telling you if you will go through this again."

What I have learned of myocarditis is : It seems to strike a disproportionate amount of healthy young men between 18-35 (obviously it affects more than just healthy young guys), it's possible to survive it with minimal scarring or damage if you take aspirin or blood thinners the moment you feel a true onset (at least that's how it went for me. Heart MRI showed "virtually no scarring"), it causes anxiety, depression, insomnia etc, it feels as if it changes the way my heart feels in my chest, there are many cases of chronic myocarditis and there's no definitive way anyone has explained to me to be declared "cleared" of it or to be certain it won't happen again. 

Sorry for the lengthy rambling, I am at work on break and this is something I'm incredibly passionate about. I wish you the best in health, you are so much younger than me and I felt like a kid on the telemetry wing, I can;t imagine how this is impacting you. Feel free to message me if you ever need to vent, I'm as sympathetic as anyone. Take care.

tl:dr - myocarditis is largely a mystery in healthcare and it messes with your head
  



















 Humanoid figures that communicate in Gilbert Gottfrieds voice. 




 I'm curious how they managed to keep this buried until now. Then they only admitted it in regulatory filings. They didn't even come out and admit this happened until they absolutely had to. 









 Hearing scheduled to start at 09:00 Mountain Time in Colorado. 



















 TIL SJW's post more exaggerated stories on Reddit than any other website I visit. 









 chemistry.about.com/cs/howthingswork/a/aa011604a.html

"Why the flu vaccine doesn't work"

This is coincidental correlation in OP article. Please stop posting this garbage, it makes those of us who are pro vaccine look like assholes. The flu vaccine is one the least beneficial health tactics ever, and yes I'm counting thalidomide when I say this.

It invokes a false sense of trust that makes people like OP and the thousands who upvoted this article feel "safer" when they receive it, when the science says otherwise. Denying the science behind the ineffectiveness of flu vaccinations is like denying the science behind climate change - you are intentionally skewing data to see things the way you want to see them.  









 I'm sorry, I don't speak stupid. Is there someone that can translate this? Thanks. 




 For some reason, there doesn't seem to be any books to add. I looked everywhere, but you cannot add books to your Juggalo. 









 Horrible moderation (ie Bathia). Horrible layout. Inconsistent policy enforcement. Overall it just fell apart. The failure to keep up with the times led to it becoming a joke. And I was a first/second year Farker, I used that site for nearly 8 years before abandoning it because of the above mentioned things. 




 Obviously it doesn't remove water from existence lol as I stated, this is based on an assumption the water would be reintroducted into the same running units as it evaporates.  




 Air conditioning dehumidifies and draws moisture from the air. Could millions of air conditioners in a condensed area impact rain cycles in any way? Making the assumption that the water that precipitates and falls from any of the units then evaporates and enters a unit again.

Thanks! 


































 They're spinning off PayPal so when it tanks after Apple, Google and Facebook replace it, they can contain the losses and keep eBay afloat. Source: Brain 




 Rot in hell, Comcast. 




 2 Bush presidents with a third on the way. 




 Sara Palin said the same thing about climate change. 




 People pay money and wait in earnest to see Chris Brown? That's a reap what you sow lesson. 




 And US. Don't forget those concentration ca- I mean "reservations". 




 They were at their peak anyway. 














 Are you implying concepts like income equality are not feasible? I'd be interested to know your sources on that, because there have been numerous examples throughout history of economic equilibrium.

Converse to your critique, history shows that when the income gap widens to publicly perceived "insurmountable" levels, as we saw in Greece for example, the top heavy system tends to collapse on itself and leads to economic turmoil for all. As bank systems can be deemed so big that they can plunge the world into grief should they fail, the economic ramifications of having a massive gap between the haves and the have-nots can theoretically result in much more catastrophic market consequences. Some of these I would wager we are beginning to see currently in the US in the form of widening state financial deficits coupled with coagulation of corporate holdings. In short, as the rich get richer and practically eliminate taxes, the poor grow poorer as the infrastructure that supports and more importantly employs the lower classes begins to fail.

Again, I'd love to see your source for the disparaging remarks against income equalization because I don't believe they are rooted in any formal education on the issue at all.  









 Watching Republicans juggle pushing for less government oversight of banks while pushing for more oversight of DC residents and their rights during a Presidential election cycle is going to be fascinating. "The government shouldn't meddle in our lives. Except pregnant women. But that's it. And marriage, ok just those two. And birth control rules for companies. But seriously those three aside...no, marijuana too. Ok those four things aside, we want government out of people's lives." 
























 You overeat and say you ran a 7:20 mile...tell me more about your not understanding this question. 




 Do you have to understand the point of something to acknowledge it exists? 




 Are you seriously implying you don't know people are hypocritical? 




 4chan. 









 I thought that's what it read, thank you! 









 Soundgarden - Ty Cobb. Great track, has what IO believe to be a banjo breakdown in it. 




 Great parenting all around. 









 I've been drunk before. I have been "Wow, I can't believe I called my ex" drunk. Been "I can't believe I didn't die from my own vomit" drunk. I have NEVER been "That amputation was a breeze" drunk. 




 I'm going with the discovery of anesthesia. I honestly cannot imagine how much life sucked before that. 









 I'd like to think the hype is only helping Reznor secure all permissions and funding to make this release as absolutely perfect as possible. I know from multiple interviews he seems baffled by the surge in interest, but I know he also is hearing people who are begging for it. Looks like people tweet about it regularly too. It's one of my top three favorite albums and I am going to be patient, because when it comes out I know it's going to blow me the fuck away just like it did the night it came out.

Tl;dr - this is going to be worth the wait 




 Russia blamed? WTF? Weeks ago the Wall Street Journal and Reuters were gloating that the crash in oil was going to destroy Russia. People can't even rage consistently anymore. It's insane. 




 I'm guessing you haven't been anywhere near it in decades. Even condos in North West are selling for 400k. The worst ghettos of DC are still getting 200k for the rowhomes.  














 The fact that it is increasingly less fantastic with every read makes it one of the scariest books ever written in my opinion. Every day, it becomes a little less unlikely.  




 Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace by Gore Vidal, read it just out of college and it caused me to reconsider a lot of positions I had taken for granted. For better or worse, it changed my outlook on a lot of things to this day. I'd love to hear about other books impacting others in similar ways. 




 Looking for a book that affected you long after you finished reading. Something that made you consider or reconsider your position on a subject, your attitude, your lifestyle, your job, your relationship, your habits etc. 




 Antiviral, 13 Sins, Gone Girl, Would You Rather, The Hole,  Cry Wolf are a few that come to mind. 




 I already forgot she ever existed. 




 In line at Wal Mart? 




 It's not as bad as it sounds, just make sure you're really drunk. Trust me. 




 I think mine would involve paying for my Comcast services with a Comcast bank issued credit card that I make monthly payments on with income I make working in a Comcast owned grocery store that I drive to every day in my Comcast sponsored transport pod. On the way to work, I pass the Comcast Public Library, the Comcast Community High School and wave to my friend who is headed to work at the Comcast Water Department. On the radio, I only hear the "latest pop hits" Comcast plays on their menus and between each song I am exposed to 5 minutes of advertising for the lastest "hit reality show" Comcast will be showing that night.

Yes. That sounds like hell to me. 









 If he is singling out blacks as a group he won't help, it's bad. If he is implying everyone is suffering in the same way and he won't extend customized solutions to specific groups of people, that's actually worse.

How out of touch can a person be to believe everyone in the US are facing the same issues? If he's racist, that's one thing. If he's so clueless he thinks every problem in the US is shared because we're all Americans, that's just insane. 









 I think I missed something...did this comment actually address what he said, or was it sort of a generic statement thrown out to change the topic in lieu of an actual response? Just want to make sure I didn't miss some credible explanation for this. 









 Somewhere, someone who doubts North Korea carried out the Sony hack upvoted this link... 









 I'm starting to believe he really has a mental handicap of some sort. He honestly thinks he is somehow supposed to be president because he wants it, and it just does not compute to him that it isn't happening.  














 Where's the money for church tax exemptions  and bank bailouts? 




 I love this headline so much. Thanks for making me laugh OP 




 I'd add diamonds to this. It's hard to believe people still pay so much for something worth, realistically, so little. 




 Nice restaurants. It's just dressing up something that winds up being flushed in the end. 
























 You just keep having these same dreams at different times, or are they combined? That seems like a lot... 




 Reading Freud does no one any good. 









 ^^^ 




 I'd love to see those stats. How many people use Netflix, Hulu, Prime, Crackle etc who were enrolled in cable television when they started, and how many dumped cable television within 30, 60 days of using those services. I feel like Comcast attempting to buy Time Warner is an admission  from them that the broadband cable is their last possible attempt at future profitability, because television is dying. And once Google fiber and other comparable services start rolling out en masse, I think Comcast is going to start breaking off pieces of their company and spinning them off to avoid complete bankruptcy. I cannot wait. 









 Couldn't agree more.  














 As people in Kansas are trained to be ignorant. Isn't it amazing how effective training can be?  




 Uneducated people can't be unhappy? I'm sure you aren't smiling all the time, right? 




 Water is wet...? 




 That is a completely different discussion. They aren't even educating their children to the fact fossils are real. There are some basic steps that need to be taken before they can learn how the legislative system works, don't you think? 




 What part of Kansas are you from? The part of Kansas I hear from want him out. The locals call it 'Brownbackistan'. There's even a running joke he keeps everyone out of work so they can't afford the gas to run him out of the state. So overall, I'll give you a 4.5 for form, but your substance was lacking a bit in truthiness. 














 Is there anything you could have done that may have changed the outcome?  



















 The problem with that comment: Headline still true 









 Every radio station. All of them. 









 Pretty sure it impacts the majority of the world. 




 Celebrity worship. 









 http://strictlycomedancing.info/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Victoria-Pendleton-Brendon-Cole-Strictly-Come-Dancing-Series-10-2012-4x600.jpg 









 It's visible from....cyberspace. Bam. 




 My wife is from Eastern Europe and she REFUSES to teach me insults or swear words. One day, she got really irritated in traffic and spouted something that as far as I can tell roughly translated to something about a mother servicing a farm animal. I would love to know if other such insults existed in the world, I have to drive on the beltway and could always use some suggestions. 














 Thanks, appreciate it.  









 Spend a lot of time thinking of incest, do you? 




 Much like the endless row of gentlemen outside of my moms bedroom, I walked into that. 




 This question brought to you by Die Hard - a film series I've never seen and am now being relentlessly taunted by two close friends for never having seen.  My schedule and Die Hards schedule just never lined up. 




 Any particular reason you haven't done that thing? 




 I've never watched a Die Hard movie and likely never will. Am I going to hell? 




 So...patients hooked up to vents in hospitals, you're on your own. This is America. *lights out* 









 Yes :) 




 It's sad people who have known me my entire life can't get even close to this level of awesomeness in the gifts they get for me. 









 Not sure, but I'll try to find out or direct him here. 




 Odd, they scare me. Then again, I live in Baltimore. 




 In a manner of speaking, yes oddly enough 









 http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/08/06/is-the-peak-oil-myth-dead.aspx

There are some sources that argue that way of thinking. Personally, I think if people (including me) were manipulated into accepting higher prices once due to a false belief in a shortage crisis, there is every reason to believe they (and you) are being manipulated again.

 




 The extraordinarily high price per barrel is a fairly new phenomenon. Viewed as statistics over decades, isn't the latest drop representative of normalization? 
























 You are aware people have been arrested, tried and imprisoned for DDOS attacks, right?

http://www.businessinsider.com/dutch-teenager-arrested-for-pro-wikileaks-ddos-attacks-2010-12

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/jan/27/anonymous-hacking

http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/19/operation_avenge_assange_suspect/

You might think they are "simply pings", but those pings get people arrested when they are used AGAINST corporations.  




 Except they [allegedly] are.
http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/195753-sony-fights-back-against-hackers-stolen-file-sharers-by-firing-a-ddos-back-at-them 





























 If people would vote with their money instead of voting for an article on Reddit maybe Verizon and AT T would listen. If you upvoted this link from a Verizon device you are directly contributing to the problem. "I don't have a choice" doesn't fly. 




 Dexter tracks Lecter to a busy hospital before realizing Lecter is hunting him. Only one of them leave the hospital alive. Who survives? 









 Genie wishes Galactus can only sing Backstreet Boys songs, nothing else. Match over. 









 Genie is completely free. 









 Implied powers from comics and movies included. 




 Random encounter in a deserted forest 




 Bruce Wayne. Not Batman. 




 Cage match. Hanging throughout cage is one katana, one bo staff and one small knife. No other weapons or armor allowed. 




 City street fight 




 All breeds, including in the wild, suddenly go to war. Who wins? 




 White guys were the OGs of illegal immigration. 




 Two square mile deserted wooded island, only one leaves alive. 














 Street fight, opponents run into each other unexpectedly 




 Lots of states don't require permits for conceal carry? 









 Street fight, Wayne has no Batman gear to utilize and no formal weapons with him. Turtles and Splinter have their respective weaponry. 




 Saudi Arabia dictates virtually the entire economy of the western world. By the simple act of refusing to reduce production, OPEC smashed the profit lines of every single western energy company and has so far, since October 2014, sent numerous shale oil producers into bankruptcy in the US alone. 




 All other nations remain absolute neutral with no involvement. Documented military capability only, no assumptions. US team is A, Russia team B. Who would win in this WWIII scenario? 




 WW travels to Neo Tokyo for vacation and is attacked. 









 http://www.yale.edu/ynhti/curriculum/units/1980/2/80.02.07.x.html

If you ever want to educate yourself on the subject you are clearly completely ignorant of, start here. Then debate it. While your approach of arguing without facts is unfortunately growing in popularity, I'd advise against it personally. But to each their own. 




 I'd also like to point out, these were uncovered with a mortar and pestle, several knives, source flint and a large knapped flint piece over a foot in length within a three foot spot as we were uprooting a dead tree. I cleared the debris, photographed and labeled the site with compass and GPS detail and stopped digging. The historical society is sending a contact to the property to assess and continue excavation. Thanks to the person who commented, I felt I should add that information less I am confronted by another baseless accusation. 




 I did document the entire dig and have since turned it over to the state historical society. Congrats, you're quick to wrong judgement and failed miserably. 




 Confrontation in downtown New York, Hulk is surrounded in a surprise ambush by the Pokemon militia. Could they defeat him? 









 not sure if serious.jpg 




 If each of them developed a plan to destroy the other, who would most likely survive? 




 Running a sweatshop. 




 Fight takes place in Paddys Pub, to the death, using anything found in the pub on more than one episode. Who survives? 




 1. Bourne would decimate Ali so badly ancient ancestors of Ali would simultaneously feel blinding pain.
2. Same
3. Same
4. Same
5. Ali would last longer because Bourne would kill Wayne before the bell stopped ringing 




 Mac OS mech would look the best but it's tight jeans and scarf would cause it problems. Windows Mech would crash repeatedly.

Linux would harvest their souls. 




 Ayn Rand loses at life. Outmatched in intellect by the metal dog, she blames everyone else for her failures and flees leaving only the others playing. 




 Action wins. Pens and paper burn by the action of arson. 




 Mountaintop fight  



















 Superman ambushed in city street, does not know any of these people or what their powers are in advance 




 Fighting in open field 









 To the death battle in a forest, no assistance from outside characters, Frodo does not possess the Ring for this fight. 




 Fight takes place in Times Square on New Years eve 




 Fight takes place in Brainiacs ship 




 Fighting takes place in desert scenario 




 One day to prepare, fight is in a city street 









 2 team street brawl, no advance preparation 














 City street brawl 









 To the death, cage match 














 Fighting in an open field, no rules 









 It seems like every asp[ect of the car has evolved, but the tire has remained essentially the same for decades. Environmental concerns aside, they are dangerous in that they can explode, flatten etc. It seems like someone would have developed an alternative to this. Is there a reason we haven't changed to some other form of tire? 









 Thank you! 









 To the death, only one can survive. 









 Arena match, gladiator style. 




 Any other info? 




 Open air street brawl, characters forgive storyline rivalries to work together, everyone in at once. 









 If people are only allowed to discuss what they are considered "expert" in, New ideas would practically cease to exist and innovation would die. 




 "Climate change movement". That's like saying "Round earth movement" or "gravity movement". Science isn't a movement. The idiots that dispute it, however, are certainly one in my book. 




 This is propaganda to rally support around sinking the one act that protects us from paying for another bank bailout. The Dodd Frank act is not anti gun. It's anti bank bailout. The fact they are going this far to get people to turn on it does it's working.

Before believing this crap and knee jerking to it, think about it. You are being played right now. I'm a firm supporter of gun owners rights and I see through this B.S. immediately. 









 Calling me a conspiracy theorist for believing oil is a factor in war is like calling me a conspiracy theorist for believing water sustains life. 




 Your comment has more edge than a U2 album. 




 When drinks cost more than dignity, theaters have gone too far. 




 This is brilliant. This has absolutely never been done by millions of people every day.  




 Watching Dexter doesn't make you a forensic expert. And meat packing plants undergo health inspections constantly. Human blood would be detected. 




 This will never work in a venue worth visiting. Ever. 




 My experience, scummy people work at Dunkin Donuts. 




 They run into one another in a subway station and start fighting. No rules, no one helping either of them. 




 Dignity? 




 Street brawl, anything goes. 









 Personally, I think these responses appear to be incorrect. Groupon is actually not making money. It's losing money on a massive scale. But that fact aside, they do not charge marketing fees up front, and advertising is an indirect profiting mechanism. They typically promise businesses an increase in revenue in exchange for a cut of the revenue they bring. There is a significant problem with this business model, they don't pay up front meaning businesses provide the service, Groupon collects the money and businesses do not get the money immediately. 

Businesses essentially front the service and are paid by Groupon in lump sum afterwards. For some businesses this is fine, for others, this is difficult to manage. The criticism lately is that often businesses find the increase in customers does not cover the loss of revenue between fronting the service and the decreased rate of said service provided.

 









 Honestly, if they are fed enough Kardashian in between news breaks, I think they'll go along with anything at this point. 




 Probably? You either have facts specific to your claim or you don't. Which is it? 




 Based on what data? 




 Virginia is open carry and you don't see that anywhere. It's a responsibility that could be abused, sure, but the facts show it isn't. Dumbasses with drivers licenses concern me far more. A drunk college student with keys in his hand is a much scarier scenario. Any responsibility can be abused. Living in fear of that possibility or placing unnecessary restrictions on the whole to try and prevent these abuses is absurd. 




 "to stupid"

My sides. 




 Meant to address to the tisajc alt. 




 Is it not true? Is Boehner not doing this? Is it made up? 




 I thought the same thing. They prevented Obama from helping the majority of this country for 6 years, 4 of which they based their principle behavior on the act of absolute obstruction and now they pledge themselves at the feet of a foreign leader? It honestly does sound treasonous.  




 This. 




 Good. I'm a democrat. I'm liberal on many things, like protecting myself. I'm confused why this is even an issue - people should have that right. Someone who intends to rampage with a weapon is going to do it whether the weapon is legal to possess at the time or not. Those of us who would prefer to have the chance to survive the rampage should have the option. 




 And privatize the remains, yep. But he apparently feels appeasing interests of US citizens is second to appeasing interests of a war-mongering leader of a foreign country. 














 That would be amazing. 




 Average 7 year old is around 50 lb. As strong as he is, he couldn't survive a pile-on. If they just started swarming him, what would he do? His ethics alone would make him hesitate to strike first, so they'll definitely get the first moves in. 




 Cage match. Everyone in at the same time. Wayne has nothing, the swarm of girls have writing instruments. 




 They blocked our President for 6 years and are now promising legislation to the leader of a foreign power. I can't find any precedent for this ever occurring in the US. Or any other country for that matter. It sounds almost  like a form of treason when read in plain context with no fluff. 









 The new title is stupid as shit. 




 Being dropped in a pool of acid would be quick but would also suck. 




 I've read that the brain can continue interpreting signals for up to 30 minutes after a beheading, so that kind of scares me. I do not want to sit in  some basket thinking "this sucks" for thirty minutes before I go... 




 This sounds....absolutely amazing. 




 Assassination. If someone has to go through that much trouble to cut me off quickly, I did something really awesome. 









 I did not know that. I'd think that's pretty telling... 




 I'd think he would be a huge disappoint to his donors as well. I could be wrong, I don't live in LA, but from the perspective of one who lives in the north east, he has achieved nothing but negative sentiment and only appears to get a headline when he has something outrageously stupid to say. 




 Ego. Like Romney, he honestly thinks he has a chance. He surrounds himself in yes men, only watches Fox News and has constructed a house of mirrors around himself. It's really pathetic. 









 Homeschooling is making a great deal of sense to me all of a sudden. 




 I see the educational system is still horrible a decade after I escaped from it.  
























 Dexter Morgan wants the Joker on his table. Can he pull it off? 




 *I think* Truck tire came off a truck going the opposite direction. Truck tires are about three feet tall and it is probably in a tree after bouncing off 3 cars at a combined speed of over a hundred miles per hour *but do not have any evidence to support this at this time.*

FTFY 




 What was her make and model? 









 Times Square showdown, only one can survive. 




 I want a pet Michael Caine now. I didn't think about it one time in my life but now I can't stop. I'd feed him tiny plates of fish and chips. 




 Spidey is dropped in the middle of the ocean with a tiny bleeding wound, three sharks all hungry for human blood attack him. 




 Trying to find out whether or not a fossilized animal organ has ever been found or if it is somehow impossible for this to occur. Thanks in advance. 









 Trans-species surgery. South Park nailed it. Someone will be born human but know deep inside they want to be a Giraffe, and science will make it happen. 









 Mmmm batcowburger 




 Mac = Bruce Wayne 




 Arya is an orphan girl in Gotham, angry that Bruces attention whoring is making orphans look bad. After saving Jaqen from a band of murderers and receiving his pledge, Arya asks him to take out Wayne. 














 Star Trek The Next Generation Enterprise crew only. 




 And now I know that is a real thing that can happen. 




 Ate one quarter cup of cinnamon. Frankly, it sucked goat ass. 









 Forget the vocab, this has gone primal. The only way to gain his respect now is to piss on his leg while thumping your chest.  




 Mass compromise of systems renders encryption worthless. 









 City street fight, movie abilities only, no prep. 




 The battle is in a city park at sundown. Only one can survive before sunrise or all die. Each contestant is given a bag with a weapon and additional item.
Dorothy: Taser and nightvision goggles
Blanche: Katana and Tracker displaying general location of other contestants, margin of error 10 feet
Rose: 1911 .45 caliber handgun with 2 rounds loaded in magazine and high powered flashlight
Sophia: Blowgun with 2 fast acting poison-tipped darts and a camo outfit
 














 Bruce is completely unarmed, having a morning stroll in the woods when a Velociraptor appears. 




 A single event changes all men currently over 5 world wide, the event does not reoccur (ie 4 year olds will grow up without changing if they survive). Zombies display '28 Days Later' speed and aggression. Once bitten, victim has 24 hours before change. 




 Society doesnt support social security. It is your money, you paid into it. This isnt welfare, its money you earn your entire life specifically to collect when you need it. 




 Show me some stats on successful newly hired people pushing 70.  









 By doing this, they just helped her afford the best defense attorney in the midwest at the rate the donations are pouring in.  




 Does this mean GWB wouldn't be able to collect his post-presidential retirement pay until he hits 69? Or any congressional rep? 

Hello? Mr. Bush?

Is this thing on? 









 I can tell you graduated at the top of your class. 




 Each player has 100 thousand dollars to start. Texas Hold Em. No outside assistance. 




 Fight in an open field. Demonstrated abilities on film/television only. Each fighter has one katana and one shield. 




 This is so old it was written in DOS 




 OK. 




 Everyone blinks and suddenly dies but Superman as he flies around the room forcing water down their throats before they have a chance to react. 
























 I like you. 




 "Ixnay on the wishing for more wishes." 




 I always preferred "Mind if I follow you into a dark alley and make you scream 'No, don't stop!' ?" 




 That links to a youtube video of how qr codes work.
 









 My money is on Shlorpian. He should handle it without a problem. Cabtain Umerica may be abe to pull it off if he can get close enough. 




 Each man is at their prime health and age. Fighting at a mountaintop Buddhist temple in a raging storm at night, each man armed with a katana. Only one survives. 


































 Posting a repost of a claim that "this is a repost". The circle of life continues. 




 How much are you paid to say this? I don't believe anyone could honestly believe that. 









 My mom. Wait...

No, that's right. 









 City street fight. Current movie Hulk. Movie Batmen limited to one per actor playing the role. No implied or comic powers for either side. 









 No weapons, fight takes place in open field. 




 It is a mental disorder. 




 Thanks for this, had no idea it was remade. Am definitely adding this to my list. 




 Thanks for the catch :) 



















 Again, I suggest you give it a shot 




 You really do 




 Tom Cruise was a samurai. The last one. That is also worth noting. 




 Why has no one mentioned Junior? Arnold in Junior would HORMONE RAGE. That has to be worth something. 









 Thank you for this!!! 




 One city growing as dozens of towns die out. Bragging. #texanlife 




 Duh, Jesus will make it rain when we have a Christian president, didn't you read the manual? 




 No, you don't. Texas is already importing water and tapping into aquifers that they barely have access to. They've been sued for it.  




 "Abundant water" compared to California, perhaps. But water is growing increasingly scarce in the Midwest and the aquifer is drying rapidly. This is not a California problem. This is a "Fuck, it's really affecting me personally" problem. 




 Are you a wizard? How the hell did you know that 




 Did you ask if my feet are phones? 




 City street fight 









 Twenty first century. Still trying to prove Bible accuracy. 
























 Live the average lifespan feeling occasional happiness and joy or live forever without ever feeling happy again? 




 Every naturally good person in the world, alive or dead, bands together in the western North American region against a team consisting of every naturally evil person alive or dead occupying the East. Assuming the resurrection was a one time instance that can't be repeated, who would win if the two sides went to war? 




 What are you basing this on? Will you personally fight in a war with Iran? 









 Batman visits London to help the police kill the terrorist known as 'V'. V targets Batman as an agent for an oppressive government. Only one lives through the night. Who survives? 




 Fight to the death, cage match.  




 Cage match. 24 hours to prepare. 




 Mountaintop fight to the death 







































 City street fight 




 Eventually? 




 Hopefully they do. AIPAC is disgusting. 




 Superman is in the middle of an appearance on 'The Daily Show' when Iron Bieber crashes on to the set and challenges him. 





























 Ted Cruz is a genius. 







































 Cage match to the death 



















 Arena match to the death with six hour prep, fighters must tag in or must enter if team mate dies. Book, film and assumed abilities in play. 




 Open field, Bruce is taking his favorite bat for a morning stroll as the rich are wont to do. All of a sudden he hears the howls and growling of an army of pissed off dogs as they run at him from all directions. He is surrounded and knows he has to fight. Will he live? 









 I hear many people say this as they continue shopping there... 









 City street fight 




 Super Grover would put up a fight 




 Cage match to the death 




 Cage match 









 Gonna second this one. 




 Collaborating, could they pull it off? 









 I blame the goddamn Jews. 




 I thought he was muslin? He sounds confused. Is he a linen or the follower of Muhammad? 




 Write it in gold ink. For some reason they really focus on gold ink. 




 They built a temple of shit and they're shocked that it stinks. This story is the perfect summary of the Republican party as a whole.  




 Your neighbor is a linen? Do you live on a clothes line?In a dryer, perhaps? 









 idioteque 




 This is no more or less restrictive than stores, hospitals, restaurants or offices I've worked in throughout my life. It's called a uniform. If you disagree with it, don't work there for christs sake. 




 Bruce is unarmed. Fighting in the woods at night. 









 City street fight to the death 




 Both Jokers and their respective gangs are teleported into Gotham with only one Joker surviving the battle. 














 Book version of Lestat takes on Wonder Woman in a city street fight at sun down 




 Kurzweils "The Singularity is Near" is looking less and less fantastic to me as time progresses. 














 "Oil is a helluva drug" 
-Rick "Halliburton" James 




 My friend works for Apple and said they couldn't make it public because they're still testing this feature. 




 That sounds like a wasted opportunity to me. 









 You just proved that reddit users with the name nobody25864 can't not post in this thread.  




 Interesting thing about HAARP I read recently,  Russian scientists hpothesized that HAARP could [invoke a chain reaction](http://www.wired.com/2008/01/russian-journal/) in the ionosphere that could trigger precession.  




 Maybe it's MISS Amazon. I'm sure Amazon could be...a ...lovely name for a woman... 




 Who survives? 









 I couldn't have said it better. I typically don't actively read lyrics, I just listen until I know them but dammit he can be challenging! 




 I still have no idea what Thom Yorke is saying in "Airbag". If I wore head phones and sang out loud to it people would think I had some form of severe mental handicap. 














 Mountaintop fight to the death. 









 Jesus Christ. 




 You need to call the police and report the person holding a gun to your head, forcing you to surf Reddit submissions that hurt your feelings. 




 Close your fucking browser. 




 Why do you repeat "Pulitzer prize winning"? What does that accomplish, exactly? 




 The US isn't remotely close to this. 



















 Carl Sagan actually believed in similar lines of thought. Personally, I view any answer regarding post life that isn't "I do not know" as uneducated warbling. Chest thumping and pissing contests aside, no one knows what happens when we die. They know what might happen, what they want to happen or what they're afraid will happen. That's it.  




 Is she saying it to be "ironic" or is she genuinely a horrible person? 




 An anonymous source in Pakistan told me bin Laden was female. So now it's a fact. That's how it works, right? 




 I've wasted my life. 














 Bullshit 




 I'd even add to this and have a few random items that you can toss on the desk or table as trophies of past conquests. 




 You are an embarrassment to us all. 














 "Just because your roast beef got ruined you don't need to ruin mine" or something? 














 I actually addressed this, sorry if it was unclear - California is a coastal state. Moisture should be inherent, I would think? 




 Admit to limited knowledge of technologically feasible weather manipulation techniques, but as California is coastal, isn't there a way to seed clouds carrying ocean moisture to assist drought areas? 




 You sound upset, internet friend. Talk about it while I take you seriously. 




 The question isn't whether or not it's a penis issue. We KNOW it's a penis issue. The question is whether or not YOU knew it. Education is key. Think of the children etc 




 "Now that you're dickless, I'm into it..." 




 Loudly make fun of gay people at every opportunity. It establishes alpha male dominance, large genitals and a totally not gay fixation on gay people. 














 Cage match. No guns. 









 How exactly is social security reduction a bipartisan goal? Id like to see some sources if possible, because I was always under the impression it was a Republican target for looting. 









 Not startling. 




 I can understand this to an extent, but then I get confused as to how it is viewed as justified to deliver judgement, as I thought judgement to be a responsibility reserved for the God in question.   
























 The Nintendo army strikes Xaviers School for Gifted Youngsters in the middle of the night. 




 The title was literally copied directly from the article.  









 No, of course he is "not concerned". He is filling his XXXL underwear with fudge right now. The word 'concerned' isn't even close to what he is feeling deep, deep, deep in the distant depths of his gut. 









 No, he's an extreme left that will leave the independent vote untouched. So far, I'm putting my money on O'Malley. 



















 Not to give him too much credit here, but Marilyn Manson did this fifteen years ago. 



















 Not a problem at all. The only people who would say "nuts" or scoff are people who actively ridicule others for asking questions, and they don't matter much in the scheme of things. Thanks again. 




 Very strange, thanks for sharing that. 




 How did you respond? Did you have time to actually watch this, was it a fleeting glimpse, night or day? Never heard of anything like this, sounds interesting. 









 I tried Youtube and it didn't work. I spent hours doing a .5 second by .5 second frame analysis of the Star Wars E7 (That's Episode 7 for the neanderthals reading this) trailer specifically to prove to people that the red lightsaber handguard is an absolutely redundant and stupid creation, but I'm pretty sure I used language that is too intelligent because no one watched my video, which obviously means they can't keep up with me. So the short version, Youtube users are just not on my level. I will certainly try the beard. 




 Tell your dad not to pull his penis out next time, live as conjoined twins forever. 




 Next up, a study proving that after years of speculation, water appears to be wet. 









 "You know what I really hate? Fried chicken." 














 I wrote Satan in hail. I thought it was hailarious. Apparently the downvoters are thinking "hail no" but I just can't hailp myself. Hail. 




 Awesome! Kudos 




 Contest is judged by a panel of three judges aided by public voting ala American Idol. Judges are: Jaimee Foxx, Amy Schumer and an incredibly intoxicated Sterling Archer. 





























 How precisely do you splinter a vote before a primary? 




 It was obvious he was kidding. 




 No, he doesn't change his mind. He changes the words coming out of his mouth. Hes a politician. 




 You realize Republicans are literally sucking Netanyahus dick, right. 














 If you are "terrified" using any website on the web and you continue visiting it, you need to bring that up to a therapist. 




 Golfclap 









 This submission is racist. 




 This is exactly what it is. Ask anyone who claims he can win what his wife's name is, where was he born, what is his position on drone strikes against American citizens, how much is he worth, what is his stance on Israeli apartheid practices towards Palestinians, who does he think would make a good secretary of defense, what's his position towards affirmative action, what will he do to loosen big banks grip on commodities... You get crickets. Just like Pauls supporters. They couldn't tell you anything about him except he'd audit the fed which most couldn't tell you what that even means and he likes legalization of drugs. Don't hate me for passing this message, it's just the way things appear right now to me. 




 Exactly this. I'm not buying any guarantees in this election. We are one justice away from a major conservative majority. I'm not comfortable enough to say who I may vote for, let alone who could certainly win. Name recognition in reddit cj's aside, where is the data to support these claims? 




 Riches buy the companies that build the machines that count the votes.  














 When Chinese citizens have better protections than US citizens do, it's not a good sign. 




 Why the fuck would I help Reddit make money right now? What possible reason would I have to assist a group of money and power hungry people in attaining more money and logically more power? Hell no. They are going to listen to us or they're going to collapse faster than they can say "oops".  




 If it can be demonstrated to have likely prevented any shooting this year, I'll consider your moderate approach. Otherwise all cute freshman year 101 Pavlov name bombs aside, no amount of regulation is going to address the real crisis, an emerging human condition that relies on libido and base desire and anger and violence when reacting to the world, instead of genuine concern for others. Infringing on a right our Supreme court supports as a constitutional one is not only the wrong approach to fix the issues, it's the issue that specifically led to Maryland failing to elect a shoe-in Democrat governor, Colorado to demonstrate effective recalls against Democratic reps. It will lose us the White House. I'm a nonhetero Democrat and I know this as fact. 




 Ghost World, Mulholland Drive, We Need to Talk About Kevin are a few that come to mind. 




 After reading this, I'm glad I went nexus 6 




 Did she announce her departure? Nothing else she has to say matters to me. 









 Awesome! 




 I don't think raw strength can trump the magic that protects the hammer from being wielded by unworthy people. The hammer is protected by more than its weight in the comics I've always read. 




 What if the Supreme Court weighs in and rules the Federal laws on marijuana trump the state initiatives? I thought the Supreme Court precedent seems to be Federal law will trump state law in event of conflict. 



















 I can't imagine how difficult it must be as The One. You and you alone carrying the burden of The Truth, tasked with educating us mindless sheep. It must be a living hell. 














 By the year 2050, it'll be 25 billion killed in the Holocaust. 




 Heathers 



















 I can't believe anyone remembers that show. 




 Technically the horny ones all die and teens don't beat him until everyone they know is dead and even then they fail repeatedly to truly kill him. 









 I don't create to profit, I simply enjoy creating.  




 Strip poker in ASCII... 




 I used to use a site called TheGlobe, which was sort of an early social media site. I loved it but they closed shop. 




 Freakfarm? That sounds like a Facebook game I could get into. 














 The subjectivity of morality when measured against desires for wealth never fail to surprise the shit out of me. 














 I don't care. 









 Also why if possible :) 




 No 




 Why don't I recall hearing about this before? Is this something that happens regularly? 









 Some Tyler Perry movie with Madea in it. A wedding or funeral or some shit was happening. My ex was forcing me through it, I wanted an airplane engine to fall through the ceiling and crush me. 



















 WYR post a stupid comment reflecting a total lack of intelligent thought or remain silent and not look like an absolute twat? Either way you live so hopefully this is more suited to your specific set of rules. 














 Greece already collapsed. That happened. The question isn't about their collapse. The question is whether or not they intend to dump the EU which would send EU markets sliding into potential recession territory. 




 Tl;dr 




 Let them. 









 Life experience also teaches the beauty of brevity. 




 Oh no this one is gonna be gold. I'm making popcorn and reading it tonight. Not kidding. 














 Get out and live. Fail. Love. Make an ass out of yourself. Get rich. Break a bone. Get divorced. Rescue a dog. Get dangerously addicted to something then drop it. Lack of life experience is such a glaring, obvious flaw in so many books. My opinion obviously. 




 She may well lose. It won't be to Sanders.  









 I'm in 









 Spanking the Monkey.  









 It only works when you look at people over eighty years old. 









 Film and comic abilities in play. 




 Without a doubt. 




 I'm personally thinking he starts drinking at takeoff and doesn't stop. 
























 How or why not? 




 City street fight to the death 



















 So...horcrux 









 All abilities implied by comic, film or book in play for both sides 




 Reading OPs unusually limited history, I now actually believe this. I was being sarcastic earlier. 




 I'd be more likely to believe OP is. 




 This ignores the environment. Perhaps CT has a nicer, more educated well off population that aren't resorting to guns to settle gang disputes. 




 Cage match no prep 




 hell 




 I think I'll start with Rover and Snowpiercer, they seem solid glancing online. Definitely working my way through your list! 




 I've seen the majority of those and forgot Mulholland Drive on my list, its one of my top picks of all time. Long day I guess. Never heard of Sleep Dealer though? 




 These are great, I have not seen any of these aside from Gilliams work and Oldboy thank you. 




 Some of my favorites include 
-The 39 Steps
-Beyond the Black Rainbow
-The Royal Tenenbaums
-Primer
-Eyes Wide Shut, 2001: A Space Odyssey
-Enter the Void
-Memento, Inception, Interstellar
-Southland Tales

I'm looking for films that stick with you after you see them, for better or worse. Something that makes you think and consider other viewpoints or something that passes as solid after multiple viewings. Surprise endings are not necessarily key, just a solid, intelligent film would be great. Thanks!
 




 Red Corner with Richard Gere isn't specifically a "law movie", there's some mystery to it but it involves an American businessman suddenly forced into the Chinese legal system as a defendant. I enjoyed it, and I enjoyed most of the films in your list. I also like the Pelican Brief, but the book was a bit better. 




 Military is against this operation. Military officials who are serving law enforcement roles or vice versa are actually sleeper cell policerevolution spies.  




 Time travel has been proven to be theoretically possible by current understanding of the quantum relation of atoms and their responses to observation. So technically time travel can be considered logical. Just wanted to throw that out there. 
























 All existing alliances and likely alliances are in play. 




 I hate McDonald's so I don't eat there. I don't stand in the lobby and yell at everyone and try to shut them down or change them. I simply don't fucking go there. See how that works? 




 Not one mention of Prescott Bush? Seriously? 




 Starving children in Africa have no idea what suffering truly is. 









 You mean you had to see sentences you don't agree with and take the time to look at the next sentence? Your life must be a living hell. 









 City street fight 
























