 How would you know? 




 Never met a Nice South African http://youtu.be/AZjwCmJrnlY 
























 Also Ireland 




 not an allegation, an actual conviction for rape. 
























 Yes they do! Marty and Dee in the morning is the most asinine of all the morning talk shows. 




 a lot of public libraries in Ireland were funded by Carnegie.  Locally they're called the Carnegie library, usually to distinguish them from ones built since. http://www.historyireland.com/20th-century-contemporary-history/carnegie-libraries-in-ireland/ 
























 Booker Prize and the IMPAC 




 Behind the Scenes at the Museum is in my top 10 books of all time. I enjoyed Life After Life well enough and I'm going to start a God in Ruins this week but compared to her first, brilliant novel everything that came after it was readable but inferior. 
























 I think it was that the placenta didn't deliver and the maid was too inexperienced to know  this was a serious problem so before they realused Marin was unwell it was too late(septicaemia). 




 I hope they left a small circle at the base of their spines unpainted ... 
























 I think it's more likely he thinks Ireland is in the UK than he guessed this person is from one of the six counties. 




 Oh FFS. Ireland is NOT in the UK!! 
























 The Stranger by Camus
The Pearl by Steinbeck
On Chesil Beach by McEwan
Ethan Frome by Wharton
The 39 Steps by Buchan
 




 That Max Factor beautician is useless at painting on the seam! 
























 A few novellas that are on my to-read list (may be up to c. 200 pages);
The House on Mango Street
The Ballad of Peckham Rye
Cannery Row
The Faery Handbag
Memories of my Melancholy Whores
A Chronicle of a Death Foretold
The Lover
The End of the Affair
Ending Up
Bonjour Tristesse
 




 Also, a little over 100 pages:
Breakfast at Tiffany's by Capote
David Golder by Nemirovsky 
























 The Postman Always Rings Twice. No postman, nobody ringing. 




 Oh really?! That's a shame. I loved OHYOS but had to force myself through LITTOC so I can believe it. 
























