 I have 1 friend I met trough gaming wich i still have contact with but we have met irl and have different stuff to talk about besides gaming, so that is no problem. And yes, some of my friends game and I have no problem with them gaming when I'm around, however, I will always stay on the background instead of joining in (In a FIFA competition on ps3 by example) 




 These are actually really good questions to ask yourself if you're afraid you might have a computer problem, thank you! 




 I never said that drugs and gaming are the same thing, drugs are bad, very bad, they destroy people's life so often while gaming is entertainment, so many people enjoy it. How could it be the same? Well, it can destroy lives aswell, believe me. Not in the way drugs do but in more subtile forms, you start to ignore the ones you love, they get frustrated.. You become unhealthy, hardly see people.. This of course will not happen when you are a casual gamer and there is nothing wrong with that, I cannot stress that enough. But there are times where it goes way beyond that, where you really need professional help in order to get way from it's grip.

This seems very weird to alot of people because they assume you can just 'stop gaming' and it's 'lack of self control'. Well, you can just 'stop drinking' too right? No.. Gaming does not indeed reward you in a fysical or material way like drug or alcohol do but sometimes, with certrain people, the rush of winning, the feeling that it gives, can be just as addicting as gambling I am sure. I'm not the worst case by far, I've seen people in the clinic go bonkers because they were denied internet access. 

I understand that all this must seems really weird for outsiders, incomprehensable even, but let me assure you, it can be really bad and it is in fact, considered a legitimate addiction by authoroties and such. 




 I would say that before anything, just like with every other addiction, you have to realise yourself that you spend way too much time on computers and need to stop. If not, nothing or nobody can help. Once you realised this it's best to seek professional advice, they will explain everything to you and then it's up to you wether to decide if you want help or not. Just one more thing, don't think 'I'm going to calm down on gaming, going to game less.' No. Just, NO. That doesn't work, you have to quit everything, cold turkey and try to last as long as possible. Because if you play 'a bit' you'll fall back into old patters before you know. 




 The irony of me doing this IAmA did not escape me either :) 




 There are alot of people who think the same as you, so did I actually. But it had been proven that you can actually be addicted to internet usage or gaming in the same way that you're addicted to by example drugs or alcohol. I went to a clinic in Holland (there aren't any (good) ones in Belgium who are specialised in this matter) where they only treat this kind of addiction, there they diagnosed me and offered to treat me but i didn't want to be internated, I wanted to get over it on my own, with the help of my doctor and parents. So far, it seems to have worked. 




 I'de have to say i was the most addicted to CoD:MW2 the most, the hours I played on that.. It was really bad. Sc2 and War of Legend (a short period, but really heavy) have been bad for me aswell. 




 Because I was going to start in Computer Science that year and I needed a good laptop to run all the software smoothly. Turns out it ran all the games smoothly aswell, not good.. And I played random so: 1/3rd For the Overmind!! I guess..:p 




 In what way do you want me to provide proof? 




 I know the feeling all too well. I think something along those lines would have applied to me aswell. Luckely, I liked sleep too much to actually get up early to game wich kept me atleast a bit healthy but still, it was pretty bad from time to time. There were weeks in the winter where I realised I haven't seen the sun in days, I was basically living during nightime and blocked out the little sun there was. 




 Yes I have, and I actually did. This was on my old laptop, instead of removing everything I bough a new one (an Alienware, stupid me) and told myself I wouln't install games anymore. This lasted for maybe 3 days and made me realise afterwards that I indeed have a problem.

No, I never got to GM but I've been Top-8 Masters frequently, I think I played too much CoD to actually get promoted (I was #1 5v5 in the esl for almost a year, this made me some money in online tournaments but this was more bad then good, since I used it as an excuse to keep playign since 'I made money with it') 




 Yes, it really is. This is the longest I've been on it in weeks just because I force myself to leave after 15 minutes each session. I love this site but it's so big and there's an endless flow of interesting stuff to find and peers to discuss with that if I wouldn't force myself to get off the PC, I would fall right back into my old lifestyle. But I really wanted to do this IAmA so I cut myself some slack :) 




 I don't exactly how or what made me realise I was addicted but suddently I started seeing that the people around me were right and I was actually spending way too much time gaming and on the internet and I decided that this is not the life I wanted to live. So I packed my bags and went to France for the entire summer with a few mates, spent our days surfing and such but I tried to refrain myself form any form of internet usage. When I got back I forced myself to stay away from the PC as much as possible and that's a battle with myself I still have to fight every day. And like I said, I started working, travel as much as possible, mostly for surfing. And the biggest thing probably, I found a girlfriend who lives a simular lifestyle, alot of travelling and such and that keeps me away from falling back into old habits. 




 Nee, Knokke :) 




 It's hard to tell to what degree since I always refused any kind of treatment or professional help. In the beginning because I tough I wasn't addicted at all, afterwards because I wanted to stop on my own. But it was pretty bad, I would wake up and start gaming just about untill I went to bed, the only thing I would do besides that was go out with friends or see my girlfriend, no classes, nothing. So I don't really know, pretty bad but not bad enough for me not to want personal contact anymore, or see my friend. 
For the 2nd part of the question, yes, I have experienced pain in my wrists (CoD and Sc2 aren't the most kind games for them) but they seem to have dissapeared now, thank God. 




 I didn't downvote you, it was a legitimate question, hence why I answered it. 




 Good question, this was hard at first, because every free moment I got, I felt that urge to play again. But I started working this year and have found some salvation if you like in surfing, I surf quite alot now, also got my coaching diploma. Basically, I try to occupy myself as much as possible with just about everything and it seems to work out. 




 Actually no, I have had a few good, stable relationships. I don't think I'm bad looking and have gotten quite good ad hiding my internet usage over the years. 









 yeah, I really didn't think this post trough I believe. However, it's almost impossible to keep results like this off the front page :( 




 I'm very sorry! Removed the post at once 




 Oh.My.God. He did it again!! He makes the Slayer team look like a bunch of unprepared code B players o.O 




 Exactly! Their decision not to bring in a Protoss player leaves me puzzled aswell (Get it?;) ) 




 Him pulling off the All-Kill would be insane, who would of tought that? 




 The games so far are insane!! Gumiho is so good, takes down CoCa in the 3rd game aswell! 




 http://www.egothieves.com/mixes/

An awesome site with free mixes for various styles of music, go check it out. 




 I'm sorry to hear about the desk chair. 




 I do feel like it's up to them to make the intermission a bit pleasant, a viewer should not have to mute his stream every time because he heard thje same song 20 times that day.. 




 If I hear 'I need a miracle, I've got to get away from here ' one more time, I think I'll go mental. Seriously, adding extra songs to the playlist takes 10 seconds..

 




 It's just impossible to win agaisnt zerg now, all my losses are vs Z, I win all PvT and PvP, NERG ZERG NAO!!!!! 




 Vods up already? 




 3
 




 Thanks! Here, have an upvote :) 




 I've searched for it, normally links to the VOD's are everywhere after a major tournament but I can't seem to find them now, not on youtube, nor on the Dreamhack site. (http://open.dreamhack.se/vods/)

I'm sorry if someone already posted these! Thank you 




 As a Protoss player, here is how I see the situation now:
ZvP: Pretty even, hardest matchup for P tough
TvP: Decently balanced however, T seems to be alot easier for me then Z
ZvT: Terran gets smashed at this current point :( 




 Why on earth still no pause in customs? 




 Looks really cool, great for doing hypothetical builds, learning timings and such. 




 Thanks alot for the tips guys, I'm alot more confident i'll hold it off next time! Upvotes for all!! 




 Ignore the (in base) in the build order. I'm having some big problems stopping it, even when I scout. i tried getting 2 gateways by myself, trying 1 gate/core but still.. What is the best reaction? Thanks! 









 Tried to post this aswell but you beat me to it, good job!:D 




 Props to every one of you for keeping this awesome subreddit alive!3 









 Thanks alot mate! Just don't expect too much of it ;) 




 Sent you a replay with Twitter, would love it if you got around reviewing it. I'm a bronze P player altough I consider myself slightly above bronze, somewhere around high silver I think, I just don't play enough. All my matches are against high(er) silver players. Thanks! 





























 Hi,

I used to have an iPhone 4s and all push notifications (Facebook, Twitter, Skype etc..) were delivered instantly to my phone. Same thing goes for my mails. I recently bought an iPhone 5 and made it a copy of my 4s but push notifcations come in with a great delay or not at all, untill I open the app. I also noticed I'm being logged out of apps more often.
Does anyone have an idea how to fix this? Make the notifications/messages/mails instant again? Because this is rather annoying. Thanks alot!! 














 Yes, this is the right size, thank you! Too bad the resolution isn't better but this is almost perfect, thanks alot! 




 This is in the perfect direction! Would love the resolution a bit bigger tough, using this as a Timeline Cover would look blurry. But thanks a ton already! 




 So, as mentioned, I would love to use this picture http://www.ilikewallpaper.net/iphone-5-wallpaper/Longboard-Girl/5972, as my FB Timeline Cover but it was an iPhone wallpaper so is way too high. I would love to see it/her shopped into a fitting enviroment or something, with the dimensions being good for FB. 

Thanks to everyone helping me! Willing to offer a small reward if I really like it! 




 As a Belgian, I surrender. (Not as fast as France tough!) 




 Me in bronze: 'So you mean, if I rush these DT's and they don't have detection, I win? Awesome!!'

Yeah, I was that guy.. 









 OMG are you like sergeant Batista's son? When you talked with that accent, wow.. 




 if you tried this over here you'd get lynched by an angry mob who's iPhones got destroyed, just saying.. 




 Olaf: Just ban me, honestly 




 I raise your repost with a repost 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0g9jrZJmF8 feature=youtu.be 




 Btw, anyone knows when brackets are up? Says registration is today on the site. 




 Thank you for responding and good luck in Season 3! 




 [relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKTpWi5itOM)
 




 Alot of stuff on the Deep Web, in particular CP. Especially the way those people talk about kids just creeps me out, they act like it all normal.. 




 Yes, what mdbjd said was correct, Riot has been criticised often because they tend to fall back on nerfing something they feel is too strong, rather then trying to balance it in another way, making alot of the campions feel the same and damaging the diversity. 




 I have got a Razor Blackwidow and I must say, I'm extremely satisfied with it. Not because of any changes in my play really (the keyboard is of course more then perfect for gaming) but just the way it feels when you type, the sound and the feel with every keystroke, nothing comes close imo. Once you go mech, you'll never go back :) 




 So there's just a forth of a pixel? 




 Yeah, not all roles are correct, just made as an example. And you wouln't be forced to put it there but you could, if you chose so.. 




 I think this would be a gread addition because I believe lesser known streams will have a higher chance of attractiong new viewers. Say for example, I main ADC so that's what I prefer to watch. Now, none of the 'big ADC names' is streaming, what I usually do is watch someone else 'famous', wether he plays my role or not.

Now, if this were to be added, I might click a guy I never heard of before just because I'de like to learn from him, and when I like him, I'll probably come back.
So, this will, in my opinion, give more exposure to the lesser known streamers. What do you guys think? 









 Relevant:  [http://imgur.com/a/Xvru5] **NSFW!!!!!!!** 




 Thanks a bunch! 




 Glad to hear I'm not the only one! 




 Hey, I mentioned, when I launch LoL server status says undefinded, however, when I check the website, it says all servers are up. Is it just me or is anyone else having this? Also, if anyone has a fix, most welcome! Thanks 




 IMPORTANT: Subtitle language can be changed in the bottom left! 









 I have a suggestion. Keep the light in order not to make things complicated but make it so then when you actually revive, it kinda looks like the Prayer-cape emote from Runescape if anyone's familiar with that. That would look so sick imo

cf: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWRRecTqGeU 




 This.. Actually, I don't even know if I'de want to know. 
Actually, yeah I do..:p 




 Okay, I'll try to explain this the best way I can (note that English is not my native language). I've been thinking about how awesome/usefull it would be to see all the stats about your life, just for information/entertainment purposes or comparing to others. 
This would go from basic stuff like amount of food consumed, exact time lived, hours slept etc to really specific/weird stuff like times mastrubated, reddits read, high fives given..

Would love to hear you guys' opinions about this and what would be the n1 stat you want to see for your life? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsors? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsers? 




 I worked in a pretty large fish-shop who sells to alot of restaurants. Whenever someone new guy came my boss would send them all the way to the ocean to go and get 'salt water for the lobster'. Everybody, and I mean everybody did this. Just imagine the hilarity when you see them coming back, dragging just gallons of seawater..:D 




 Thanks for the responses! However, I don't really follow Riot in their decision, not having a system like that just makes for the most ridiculous games form wich, imo, you don't learn a whole lot. It should be easier to, by example, tell the bots where to go from the start, so atleast you can decide for yourself in what team you want to play etc :) 




 Not a troll question, recently played a bot game again after a long time and I was surprised they still are retarded when it comes to lane mate. I made a team with me as Graves and then Sona, Warwick, Malazhar and Garen I believe. You would assume me both with Sona, WW jungle (but since bots don't 'jungle', him top with garen), and Malazhar mid.
Now, what happens when I start the game, I see Sona run top with Warwick, Malazhar bot with Garen leaving the mid lane for me.
Now my question, is it really that hard to make bots have some sense of awereness of where to go? I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed this..

TLDR; Bot games are meant to learn noobs how to play but how can they when they don't come near real game compositions? Is it so hard to learn bots where to go? 




 Teemo is not OP, het gets countered just like any champ, quit the QQ'ing. 




 What about someone serving 2 life sentences? Would they then kill him a second time and only let him walk if he ressurects again? 




 I have literally spend hundreds of euro's on this stupid free online MMO called War of Legends. Yeah, big misktake. I was top of the server tough!
 




 Scared the crap out of me the first time they used it. I like the idea of a voice saying 'GG' at the end of a match, just not that voice.. 




 Thank you guys for all the answers, things are alot more clear now! Keep playing!:) 




 Allright, first of all, I haven't been playing this game for too long now (level 20-ish) and usually play AD carry (graves, ezreal, teemo etc..) Since the beginning I've been playing with first heal-ghost and later heal-flash as soon as I had it. Now, lately more and more people told me to switch heal for ignite. Granted, almost everyone runs ignite these days. But for me, it just doesn't seem right; I feel like as if heal helped me out loads more in games then ignite. And there are so many close call situations in wich I tough, if only i had me heal there instead of ignite. A feeling I hardly get the other way around..

Now, my question is, is it really that bad to run heal? Should I just keep using ignite till I get used to it? Thanks alot! 




 I agree, I don't want to generalise but it does seem like the majority of drama and bullshit is coming from the NA ladder and it's players. Makes me wonder.. 




 Blizzard please buff Ezreal to fix this!! 




 Why does everyone seem to dislike Teemo so much? 












































 For me it had to be when I saw this kid, must of been like 12 or something, come out of the store with his dad holding a pack of cookies. He looked really happy with them. Then he saw a homeless guy and his dog sitting near the entrance of the shop. 
He stopped, hesitated for a second and then went up the guy, giving him his cookies. He also asked if he could pet the dog, I could see the dad wasn't to excited about that but let him proceed. He then walked away with an even bigger smile, as if he knew what he had just done was nicer then wat I'de say 75% of adults would ever do.
Really brightened up my day. 




 More reddit then you'll ever need.

Disclaimer: age might be exaggerated 




 I'm a belgian, AMA 




 DAE trees?? 














 I know it's far from perfect but hey, who's first one was? Still kind of proud! For anyone wondering, it was either my friends that used to roll or me with one of those machine-thingies. 









 [Thanks](http://i.qkme.me/3rskp7.jpg) 
 
Kidding, didn't notice that indeed but hey, this is IGTHFT, not a spelling contest :) 









 But srsly, upvotes to the left cuz sweet karma AMIRIGHT?? 




 If there's one person 'X-P-special' in the room, it's her. Good lord, so bad.. 




 Ctrl+F 'fuck himself' was not dissapointed 




 Is this out on EU or just NA? 'Cause I can't seem to find it :/ 




 Thanks for the replies! Going to see it tonight 




 Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, didn't know where else to ask this. All tips are approciated!! Thank you 




 [Mars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iODdvJGpfIA) 




 Damnit, just realised what a bad timing this is, US is asleep right now.. Oh well 




 Hi,

I believe most of you are well aware of some of the stereotypes the rest of the world has about the United States of America. I would like to hear your point of view about these things and what you think about them! 
Also, people who visited the US, what surprised you? What did you except to be completly different?

Thanks!

Ps:apologies should there be any mistakes, English is not my native language 




 As asked above, what would it be? Would you be world's best dancer? Be able to pursuade/manipulate people like no other? 
Preferably something realistic, so no superhuman powers and such..:) 




 Hi,
So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. 
Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 'Murica best country in the world, mmmkay? 




 Thank you! I would love a probe aswell, over a zergling tbh. Surprised probe has so few votes 




 I found the Late Game Ward map pretty accurate 




 Thank you for responding! Yes, the same problem still occurs when I switch accounts. Do you have a suggestion for a subreddit that might be able to help me better? Thank you! 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 I am the 17%!

No seriously, it's pretty disturbing that 17% actually chose that option 




 Nevermind how fast Rengar got there, DAT FLASH!! 




 Smart leopard, wanting to keep the baby to stuff it untill worth eating 




 My mom used to say 'Oh, those dates on products don't mean a thing, if it looks and smells good, eat it' 
I have a pretty strong immune system now.. 




 Would love to see the final 4 players A-move the middle of the map simultaniously, would be epic! 




 Also, if you happen to be without an ashtray, you can peel a piece of before smoking and tap your ashes in there! 




 Signed up. What kind of stuff will we be trading? Things like Champions and Skins? Best of luck with this project! 




 I was watching this and just knew it would end up on reddit.. 




 Tried this, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open :( 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 









 This is actually very true, well said 




 No need to upvote, just wanted to tell this..

Important: I'm not a native english speaker and I will try to make this nuanced as possible.

IHonestly, 've wasn't a huge fan of Idra, he was once one of the best zergs out there but then eventually just got passed by others. Nothing bad there, but he kept his 'BM' behaviour and 'I'm the best out there attitude', something wich I tought was a pretty dumb thing to do with no results to back that up. I tough that he would just keep on sinking, trying to survive on the name he once made for himself. 

Now, I must say tough, I was really impressed the last few times I've seen him play on stage, he seems to have really dedicated himself on reaching the top level again. Wich was partially what made me open his stream this evening when I was bored. There, I was pleasently surprised, I found a well-playing Idra, explaing his tactics to his viewers, interacting and not calling people bad every 5 seconds. I really enjoyed it and even felt bad for him and the other viewers when he had to stop streaming because someone tought it would be funny to do the Clan Invite glitch thing.

Just an honest story I wanted to get out there.

TLDR: Idra improved and cleaned up his act imo, best of luck for him in the future. 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 




 I speak both Dutch and French yes, how'd you know? 




 Hmm, if I don't find another solution I might have to try this. Weird tough.. 
























 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 Fuck those cross-eyed rice-shitters and everything around them, backwards country, polluting the earth, not giving a shit about the enviroment, other countries, human or animal rights. Disgusting 




 He really wanted her dead.. 




 I would buy Winrar (the company, not the program) and actually make the trail expire. *insert evil laugh* 




 Has to be a tie between Runescape when I was younger (the days played, holy shit..) or even worse, War of Legends, spend way more money on that game then I like to admit.

Glad LoL is not addictive in any way. Yeah.. 









 'You know how sometimes your penis gets erect..' NOPE, I'm out! 




 Would be funnier if it said something along the lines of '420 Blaze errday!!' 









 I lost it at 'Tze baby tzuniiiiight' 




 I totally orgasmed all over the place. 3 and a half times.. 




 Our football players are overall pretty bad but they sure try to make a show!(Belgium btw) 




 Is it just me or are lot of girls that work at fastfood restaurants hot? Over here they're all middle-ages woman or chubbies :( 




 Upvoted because internet 




 I have never been so dissapointed 




 I find this very annyoing 'cause every time I want to E over the wall with ezreal by example, I keep thinking I'm not close enough, thus losing some time (time I might not have) 




 TIL shyvana counters almost anyone 




 BEEP BOOP fuck the teemo? 




 Stuff like this gives us a bad name while we're trying our best to do the opposite. Thank you for showing this 




 Same here in Belgium, as long as you don't hurt anyone during your attempt. 




 I think it's safe to say that gonewild would like more, yes 




 To gonewild for the free karma! 




 I think of myself as a rational, people-loving humas being but when I see videos like that I can't help myself feeling this urge.. I want those people and people involed dead and honestly, I believe I would kill them myself if I had the chance to.
I don't know if this makes me a bad person, perhaps worse then them, but that's just how I feel watching these things. 




 He's not even inhaling? 




 Upvote for Biggie 


































 [here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiMHTK15Pik) 














 Happy holidays to you too, kind sir! 














 Wow, thank you for this reply. I'll have a shot at it and perhaps keep you guys updated on how I'm doing. Wish me luck! 




 It's an honest question, since there really aren't any downsides, why would you choose not to do it, especially when the majority of people like it?

Thank you for answering!

Ps: might actually try this myself once, not permanent, just to see how far I make it! 



























































 Wow this was fast!
Mandatory: I knew this was going on Reddit after seeing it on stream. 




 Or as Snoopeh says, gratz on lvl 19, new mastery point for you! 




 I have a simular glitch: http://img703.imageshack.us/img703/1269/screen03v.png

All drivers are updated, it's been since the last patch. Also, my FPS is lower then it was before, would be around 80 constantly, now it seems capped at 40 with random drops to 20. FPS in client is set to stable, tried others aswell. 




 1. Often our team will be destroyed when an opposing Katarina is fed, I main adc and feel like there's little to nothing I can do to stop that single-handed. Is there anything I can do?

2. In most of my games I win my lane pretty convincingly but after that it feels like it's up to the team wether we win or not because often teammates lose their lane and I'm not good enough to carry by myself. As long as they don't lose, we tend to win but if they lose their I often get dived 1st thing in the teamfight by a 10-kill fed bruiser/assasin and get wrecked before I can deal dps. TLDR: How can I improve in 'carrying' my team more if I won my lane and they lost theirs? 




 Relevant name :) Gratz 




 I no way should he ever gotten a yellow card, this was brilliant. 




 CP forums on the deep web. The way they talk about children and such, so disturbing.. 




 I read the title as 'dad passed out right before..' and was like, what are they making such a big deal about? 




 Wait, wuuuuuut?  




 I think you a word in the title 




 I peed a little 




 Do you adopt by any chance? I'm 21, well-spoken, hardly ever wet myself anymore and I'm easy to maintain! 




 Granted, I main adc and I don't really like him either but you got the whole 'league of draven' culture, he's know to shut down ezreal pretty hard. Then why is he hardly ever picked? Graves get counterpicked vs an ezreal way more often. Is it his lack of a reliable escape? What is it about him or his kit that makes him less viable then others. Thanks!

Tl;Dr: What does Draven need in order to become a vast pick? 




  best chamption ever

Most gay champ ever, FTFY.

Played ranked 5's yesterday where akali got fed and got double penta's. granted, she was playing good but still, wasn't fun for either of the teams basically 




 Thank you kind sir 




 Like the title said, I'm afraid the result will get spoiled if I search for a link in 1 of the threads. Thanks a bunch kind summoners! 

Ps:no need to upvote 




 Ah I see, this has indeed cleared things up a bit, thank you kind sir! 




 Like Late_Night_Grumbler, this is interesting but does not answer the question of why there are so many people downvoting these posts. 




 In that case, aren't you a bit old to be my dad? 




 Care to elaborate? I would love to understand this 




 High elo throws 




 When you think that is bad, try sitting at home watching it with massive lag 




 I ever realised howmany paramadics like to troll fakers. And I'm loving you for it! 




 r/montageparodies anyone? 



















 I would have a hard time not trying to make fun of them while they lie there 'seizing' 




 So what do you tell them when you suspect them of faking it? Just say you don't believe them? 




 This is why I think alot of doctors won't say they think you're faking it, even tough they're 99% sure. In some cases, it can screw them over afterwards for doing a bad job 




 This is hilarious! Good job (both on the prank and your actual job, paramedics/doctors etc deserve more recognition for the work they do for others imo) 




 tl;dr: waffles, chocolate, fries and a shit government 




 That, that and that girl are into you, you're into them. Make a bloody move 




 Would love to hear some opinions about this because I have pulled this trick aswell when I was younger, claiming I was sick to skip school or for whatever reason. The doctor usually came by and always declared me sick for a few days after heaving heard me symptoms and doing a brief check. Now I wonder if they knew I was faking but just played along (they got payed anyhow..) or because it's out of safety 'what if he really is sick, I don't notice it and something bad happens.

Hope this explanation makes sense, english is not my native language. Thanks for the replies!

EDIT: Holy.. Front page, thank you all! 




 Riot pls 




 So you don't want us to look yet you post it on reddit? I'm confused.. 









 Happen to know wich one that is? Thanks 




 As always, expect OP to deliver 




 So euh.. How was she before the accident? 









 Fuck those cross-eyed rice-shitters and everything around them, backwards country, polluting the earth, not giving a shit about the enviroment, other countries, human or animal rights. Disgusting 




 I once was home alone and gaming with my headset on, about 1 am,  volume pretty loud. Suddently tought I heard a noise coming from downstairs but I tought it was nothing (we have 2 cats aswell, they tend to make some noises now and then) but the, after about a minute, heard it again.
So I put off my headset, listened carefully and aboutt 5 seconds later heard glass breaking. My first tought was still, bloody cats, bumping glass off tables. Went downstairs without turning on lights in the hallway and when I get downstairs I can see trought the living room window 2 guys, each with rocks, throwing in the glass kitchen door.
Sneak upstairs while calling the police, telling them very briefly what's going on, taking my dad's katana he keeps next to his bed and go downstairs again. Now they do see me as I enter the living room and flee. Cops then arrived, made a report but were not too happy about me getting the sword and going downstairs again. 
What I can understand, at that moment tough, I was so angry because I envisioned not me (21y old male) but one of my little sisters being home alone and them breaking in that I was enfuriated. Sorry for the wall of text

**TL; DR: Was gaming,heard noises, tought it was cats, turned out to be burglars trying to smash in the kitchen window.** 




 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 I believe the message in this video is something along the lines of him 'fucking his swag' or something.. 
























 Damnit, I was so afraid this was going to come after I saw the vid. First off, you didn't ruin shit, by the amount of flaming done by the opposite team, they deserve no less. Plus, it's bronze and you're climbing really fast, these people have basically a 0% chance to ever play with you again so for them, it's one game where they're either on the right or the wrong side.

And to be fair, I'm in gold and would love a game where I get stomped by someone of your level just to see where all my mistakes lie.. Seriously, keep it up, do whatever you feel like doing and fuck us, Reddit will always find a way to disagree! 




 Is it because he streams on azubu.tv now that his channel isn't being shown anymore on lolstreams? 




 I'll give that a try, thanks! However, I'm afraid that even when it dries out, it will still leave behind that sticky mess wich will destroy everything anyway, any tips for that? Btw, seems like it's only on the side with my battery, ventilator and USB ports, HDD, Ram and video card seem safe 




 Hi,

I manged to spill half a glass of red vodka on my laptop the other night and it's basically dead now. It was an Alienware M14x with pretty decent allround stats, bought for 1600-ish. Now, I'm going to send it back to Dell and ask if they can fix it and if now, if they can just replace the broken parts or give me a discount if I buy the same one since there's probably parts in that that work just fine.

In case this doesn't work for whatever reason, I would like some suggestions for a new one, with about the same specs or better but perhaps for a cheaper price because I know Alienwares are expensive.

Stats I had now:
Windows 7 Home Edition
500GB 7,200 RPM SATA + 32GB mSATA Caching SSD 
8GB (2 X 4GB) Dual Channel DDR3 at 1600MHz
and a 6GB Nvidia card (forgot exactly wich one it was)

All suggestions are welcome! Thank you 




 I main adc and can trade while farming pretty well now, however, due to always having a support by my side, my map awareness is not what it should be. I notice this especially when I play the occasional top or mid lane. More practice I guess! 




 How is he a dick? He just put out a fire using a cat!! 




 Seems so surreal when you try to imagine it happening to yourself 




 Agreed 100%, someone should answer to this because it is in no way fair. 




 Don't forget our beer! And some chocolate for dessert :) 




 Why are these top comments getting deleted when they're telling the truth? Already seen multiple of these.. 




 Thank you so much for giving such a detailed answer. I'm going to buy and download it now, will let you know in some time what I think of the game and wether it was worth it! I'm very interested 




 Hi, I'm looking for a (if possible) Steam  racing game. It has to have an open world and preferably a large collection of excisting supercars in wich you can cruise around. I don't really like racing other people or AI itself, just would love to just drive the cars. Bonus points is if's not needed to grind points/cash for hours before you get your first decent car.

I looked for a game like this and found TDU2. Is this the right game for me? Or other suggestions? Thanks alot!

Ps: I know it's weird to want a racing game without having to do alot of racing itself but I remember I just loved to drive in GTA with the faster cars. This is what I'm looking for now, only more realistic and perhaps less killing stuff :) 




 *sigh* gifbin.. You have no idea how long it took to load on mobile 




 Right in the feels indeed 




 For a second there I read r/spacedicks:beautiful pictures from space and tought you were trying to trick OP 




 You can delete your own post.. 




 This is the internet and he is a stranger, why would he lie? 




 [Well played](http://i.imgur.com/IK4LCfg.gif) 




 Saving this for when I'm not on mobile, thanks! 




 Yes. I don't know who made the call to go back in or why bad that was a really big mistake that lost them the game in my eyes 




 I believe we killed it 




 Impressive 'OP fag' gif collection 




 Very nice, good job 




 Damn mobile 




 I actually laughed with this one, gj OP

EDIT:heh'ed 




 Oracles/pinks banned aswell. Or is this too cruel? 




 Or it's a Nano Virus in wich case they start developing a cure the moment it's released. However, then the cure % would probably be higher then 1% at 2M infected 




 Can Ezreal's Q still crit at lvl1 with 1 crit chance mark or has this been patched? 




 I was already wondering wich one would be the chosen thread 




 'Hmm, I can only see Olaf on the map. Oh..' 




 I would be scared aswell, creepy as fuck. Thanks OP [8] 




 Katarina: You learn that OP champs exist 




 Wanted to say this, have an upvote 




 I had to watch that gif at 1 FPS the first time before seeing it normal, took me atleast 5 minutes. Fuck i.minus 




 I've seen everything on /r/Gore, /r/MorbidReality, /r/Shatter etc, nothing makes me even twitch but for some reason that made my stomach turn a little, looks so gross 









 [Krepo talking to Alex after reporting](http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/593/alexich.png) 




 How come EG doesn't play on Day2 according to this scheduele? Or is that a mistake? 'Cause Db is on there twice 




 Don't know what was worse, the actual video or his spelling. Doughter.. 




 Exactly what I tought of the first time I heard it!'Put a beat under this and it could be Macklemore telling a story! It's even his style and everything 




 DAE BROODWAR TERRAN MUSIC? 




 I'm well aware of this. Still, I wanted to do this, regarding of what the outcome might be. 




 Redditor for 3 minutes. Err, got any proof it's you?:) 









 Exactly my tought aswell, especially ar parties, MDMA has given me way better nights then coke probably ever will 




 I'm not from the US and I don't understand 80% of the references to the commercials, anyone else? 
























 Probably way too late for the party again but here it goes anyway:

When I was little, about 8 or so, I lived by the coast of Belgium (still do) A coasttram would drive along the coast in loops, stopping in all cities. Now, this thing drives in a bedding between the 2 roads the follow the same route, so naturally, alot of people cross it daily. There have been accidents before but they're pretty noisy so you can hear them coming wich gives you quite some time (they don't tend to go fast).

That day, I was on my way to the store when an eldery couple ok bikes wanted to cross the tracks. A tram was coming but they still had more then enough time. The man went first and got over just fine. His woman was next and the tram was getting pretty close now. 
She fell because her front wheel got stuck in the tracks. Being old and less mobile, she couldn't get up in time. 
The tram was too close to come to a standstill and ran her over at maybe 15 kmph but still, it was enough to run her over and drag her for a meter or 10. I watched it all in what seems like a slow-motion and stood there untill an ambulance showed up and put a tent over her remains. Needless to say, it wasn't a pretty sight.

Ps: sorry for bad formatting, on my phone 









 In that case, they're not doing a really good job in my experience 




 'Graves no flash' 




 Yes, buried.. 




 Why do things like this always get made by asians people? More particular the Japanese? So twisted.. 




 What?? 




 I have an entire skeleton made of real bones and 2 skulls, 1 fake and 1 real one. And yes, it would fit in my closet! But why have him there when I can have him next to my bed with a tie around his neck? 




 Probably way too late here but whever.. I have a skeleton in my room. Not a metaphorical one but an actual skeleton. My mother gave it to me a couple of years ago.
She bought it when she was in uni, because she had to study all the bones and such.. Apperantly they're pretty rare now, since you can no longer buy them that easy. 




 Subtle, I like it 




 First one that came to my mind aswell, beyond messed up 




 One of the best hip-hop albums of the moment in my opinion! Love his style 




 'I'm on that weird part of Yt again..' 




 Blue side seems to be OP on kata 




 Make that 10, go check out /r/lounge! 




 I love this game, so rewarding finally beating the zombie one on brutal! 




 I totally agree, this was the first time I felt sincerely bad for a player recieving this kind of hate on reddit as he seems to be the one that deserves it the least, such a nice guy 




 You don't have to make a new account every time you do this, just use www.10minutemail.com. Also very usefull for when sites demand you to register in order to do something but you don't want the spam that goes with it 




 Same-sex marriage and marihuana. Those 2 combined is pretty rare I'de say 




 To be fair, Z at the end of WoL was kinda bs once they got to broods/infestor 




 It' NSFL, meaning Not Safe For Life. The more you know.. 




 Watched Notorious again today for like the 8th time but fuck, what an awesome movie 




 I don't feel like this is normal anymore aswell: http://img547.imageshack.us/img547/9623/lolprob.png 




 I chuckled 




 It's not as simple, they're both doing it for obviously very different reasons, one to exploit the system and gain undeserved elo, the other one to have fun playing with some fellow LCS players. And honestly, I doubt anyone on the opposite team would of cared, thing are more relaxed 




 Nope! Like Griffie said, it's called Mayday and actually a pretty good read, would definatly advise! 




 Tyler? 




 My most used way was to write formulas/key notes on a metal ruler with a pencil. Not only do you hardly notice it from a distance, if you're afraid you might get caught, 1 swipe is enough to remove everything. Bonus: very easy prep 




 Drive over the speed limit on highways. Quite a bit, here the limit is 120km/h, left lane usually goes around 130-140 but whenever it's 'safe' to do so, meaning I have the space, I set my cruise control anywhere between 160 and 180, depending on traffic, 200+ at night when the road's totally empty. 
I guess I do it because I like to go places fast and believe 120 is way too slow, look at Germany, simular sized roads have no speed regulation at all (or 250..)

TL,DR: driving fast on highways, 120 km/h is bs 




 Is it the book in wich the army accidently shoots a commercial jet, leaving some survivors in it and then debates wether if they should shoot it down to get rid of the evidence? Because I liked that one! 




 Ezreal definatly gets my vote. The flash-E dodgesn max range Q's.. Sounds awesome! 




 I have found that if you can get to late and have a team that actually peels for you, Kog wrecks anything 




 I'm at  148 and feel left out :( 




 If he can continue doing stuff like this I feel like Riot doesn't stand up for the values they stand for (or claim they do) 




 Is it just me or is this final alot more predictable then the EU one? 




 Perhaps because the only time he gets to 1v1 is when the opposite team's top is on equal or higher level as him. Thus resulting in more losses. If he would get 1v1's in all matches, I bet he would stomp most opponents 




 This is brilliant, I wish there were shows like this here in Belgium, would make politics alot more interesting 




 Heca top here I come 




 Thank you! Can't watch twitch vods on mobile 




 This my me trip so bad 




 You should take all of your poems and bundle them, they're awesome 




 I have found mine. Somehow I ended up in a relationship with it, every day is a fight. [Patience] skill almost maxed in the process tough 




 Thank you for making me laugh like a retard while having dinner with my parents in a otherwise very calm restaurant 




 Saving this for later! 




 This.Is.Epic. 




 You shouldn't have I'm afraid. 
























 I know that that is why people play ARAM, all I'm saying is that I bet there's a large amount of people that would move to practice teamfights within the current 'stupid meta' 




 Not going to lie, I just had a rather frustrating game in ARAM, one of those were you see the loading screen and wish you could go afk if it wasn't for the '9X poppy afk's that would certainly follow.

Then I started thinking, why do I even play this gamemode? You sometimes lose 20 minutes+ of you're time in a game you have no chance of winning.

 'I do it for fun, I don't care if we win or lose' Good for you, but my game time/day is limited and I actually do feel a bit frustrated after those game. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not the type of guy that 'likes ARAM as long as we have a good team and win'. I like it because of the teamfights and the practice you get.

Problem with ARAM tough, you're teamcomp is sometimes so random and/or shit that you learn nothing by playing it. So why not make a gamemode where everyone get's assigned 1 role from the current meta and plays a champ that is considered to be that role. Not only would this make it more fair, it would make it a whole lot more realistic because you play with actual comps that you can see in normals/rankeds.

inb4 'Riot doesn't want to enfore the meta' I know they don't, but it's not like it's a serious gamemode right? Plus, the meta is what the players make of it, the current meta is pretty stable, so I don't see how this would be a problem.

TL;DR: Make a gamemode where each member of the team gets assigned a random role and champ BUT within the current meta, making teamfight practice alot more realistic.

Would love to hear all arguments in favor or against my idea, all I know is that I would play this a whole lot more then the current 'get lucky in picks and win' ARAM

Ps: Yes, I know games outside of the meta are being played in rankeds aswell as in the pro circuit but you unfortunately cannot count in every random team comp out there.

EDIT: perhaps there could even be a gamemode besides this one in wich you pre-choose you role and the game then matches you with 4 others, who each have picked another role. In that way, you could practice by example, positioning/orbwalking as an ADC. Or initiating as the tanky top.. 




 Of course she is, she's surrounded by cocks 




 We're actually on pretty good terms now, we had this period in wich we talked again and got along fine. I also apologised so that helped..
Anyway, she's happy with her bf now so all is good! 




 I actually did this to a girl, when I was 16 or so.. We didn't see/hear eachother for the entire summer so I tought she'd forgotten about me and it would be super akward when the first day. So I did what a stupid young vou does, dumped her the day before school started.

She didn't talk to me for over a year and I found out aftefwards that she was heartbroken when I ended it. Still feel guilty about that actually.. 




 'Dust2, best map ever' 
Whaaat? 




 Yeah could be, just wanted to point out how well-timed it has to be. Don't know exactly how long it lasts tbh 




 He casted his ult just at the exact time requiem would hit. This is very hard to pull off because he was under alot of pressure by SK and he had to time it perfectly since there's only like a half second window of invurnability 




 Well you did an awesome job, looking forward to see your next work! 




 Holy shit, you're actually really good!! Was a bit afraid when I opened it, 'another LoL parody' but damn, you got talent man! 




 Literally me when I woke up this morning, 10/10 




 She's the definition of Crazy Eyes 




 There goes my evening.. 




 Best.Work.Ever. 




 Wow, first time I see somebody I RES-tagged again and it says 'ejaculates on dead people'.. Hi again!;) 




 And the idea has gone to shit already.. 




 Why was the original taken down? Btw, HawthornePD just disabled posting on their FB, they we're getting flooded with hate. Too right imo.. 




 Aww man, he would of lived forever if you didn't open it!! 




 Irrelevant question,  but why did Aphroo stop streaming with a cam? I'm certain that he streamed with one way back when.. Or did he? I'm confused.. 




 D'awww.. 




 Thanks a bunch! I'll try it as soon as I get it. I'll let you know how it went, haha! 




 I just tested the same build and it worked wonders, the poke you have once the tear is stacked is ridiculous 




 You better deliver!! 




 Would love to see it aswell!  




 I'll definatly give them a look! Thanks a bunch 




 Thanks for the tip! Have you perhaps got a short explenation or guide on how to apply this? Cheers! 




 Checked the new post in search for a submission about this game. I'm loving it, alot of teamfights, action packed and Forellenlord absolutly shitting on everyone!! Godlike Ahri plays 




 Preferably an AZERTY since I've been using it for whole my life and it's the standard in Belgium. I think I could get used to a qwerty however, if the laptop is significally better then the ones with AZERTY 




 Thanks for sharing you experience! 




 I'm from Belgium. Wich one do you recommend then? 




 Hi,

My alienware M14x broke down earlier (spilled drink over it) and I'm looking for a laptop to replace it. I don't want to spend 1500 euro on a laptop again, but I still want one that does very good performance wise, at the same level or better then my previous one.

Here are the specs on my late m14x:
-8.192 MB 1.600 MHz Dual Channel DDR3 SDRAM [2 x 4.096]

-3 GB NVIDIA GeForce GT555M


-750 GB (7.200 rpm) serial ATA-hard drive


-Intel Core i7 Processor 2670QM (2,20 GHz, 6 MB cache, Quad Core)


This is the one I was looking at: http://www.toshibadirect.com/td/b2c/pdet.to?poid=2000098506$

Would this one suffice? Is Toshiba any good/know for gaming laptops? And please, any further suggestions are welcome! My pricerange is anywhere between 1000 and 1200 euro.

Thank you! 




 /r/imgoingtohellforthis 




 If only you had a camera back then, imagine the karma you would have gotten! 




 You probably never got that mant POINTS for a comment before!!

I'llletmyselfout 




 A Snoopeh vid on reddit?? Who knew.. Anyway, beautiful steal 




 That was the moment I closed the stream, too hard to watch :( 




 You're welcome! I couldn't watch the Twitch stream, it drove me mad so I searched untill this came up 









 YT stream without lag!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgp0A5xLPBM 




 How on earth is it possible I watched NA lCS this night on my mobile phone, in bed, with no lag whatsoever. Then watched OGN this morning, a stream from Korea,  lag. 
Now I want to watch EU LCS, wich is basically played in my backyard and I just can't because of the horrible lag?? Get yo shit together EU LCS 




 I honestly wonder who would be the better, more consistent player. Fabby is pretty agressive and can dominate bot as soon as he takes the lead. Aphro however, might be more mechanical (when het gets back to his old level, he's a bit sloppy now) and has more experience playing with a pro team on stages. 




 3-0'ing a team like Blaze kind of does justice imo.. But I understand what you mean, have an upvote 




 Just wondering, what's so bad about imageshack? I still use ot from time to time and see no huge flaws 




 Girl, you're so beautiful, I woud drag my balls through 10 miles of broken glass and rusty nails just to hear you fart through a telephone. Gets them every time man.. 









 Saving this :) 
























 Smietn 




 Mind=blown 




 [My login timer at 15:00 GMT+1..*sigh*](http://i.imgur.com/f2oNZyn.png) 









 Lies, nobody plays Zilean! 




 Nvm I'm retarded 




 CLOUD9 BACKDOORS ARE NOT READY FOR THE PEKE \#PREPAREYOURANUSNA 




 Thanks to everyone replying! Got a few hours I can fill right now :) 




 Thank you! Will check those out now 




 Would love to, but haven't got the time to do so :/ 




 That is 1 title..:v 




 As the title says, please say wich game(s) you liked best and I'll watch those! Thanks! 




 I'm dissapointed

EDIT: NVM! OP got both, happy days 




 I never said bomb them. I'm talking about an intervention coordinated by the international community (NATO by example), not just the US. 
We've seen that their method does not work, however, it's getting pretty obvious that something has to be done because the situation over there is getting out of hand, human rights being violated left and right.. 




 No matter how gruesome, this should be everywhere. People have to know what's going on and realise that just watching it happen is not the way to act.

Fuck Russia and China btw, preventing the entire international community to intervene with political and economical pressure. 




 I still don't see the problem.. 




 I think this is one of those people that actually clicks their skills instead of using hotkeys. Anyway, cringed 




 This is no fun on acid :( 




 Where's the EG option? 

\#Istillbelieve 




 It's almost impossible but try to imagine that that's you, trying to deal with the sudden passing of your mother, dealing with all the questions. Newt thing you know, there's this kid making fun of you and of her..
Knowing me, I'de be in prison, I wish I could say I have the self-control but I don't.. 




 The baby was born with abnormaly large feet, making the pre-purchased shoes unusable. I want to believe.. 




 Say whatever you like, the kid can rap and has probably made more money now, age 24, then you (or me for that matter) ever will. So he must be doing something right.. 




 True, but that one has lots of alternatives on somewhat the same level, sites like google and reddit are quite unique in my opinion. 




 That, or for papers due tomorrow 




 Good answer! A site I use so much and consider so normal that I haven't even considered, but losing it would indeed suck 




 Stupid as it may sound, my answer would be Facebook. I hardly ever check it for more then a minute but just knowing I can contact all my friends pretty easely (even when I haven't heared them in ages) if I need to is so convenient. Also, birthdays! Knowing me, I wouldn't remember more then 5 a year.. 




 Perhaps better to exclude reddit since I assume alot of people would answer this. 




 I actually have red particles for him, there was a guide on how to do it posted back when he was released, I'll update when I can find it! 




 Cats are assholes. Love em 




 How on earth can you call players like Wickd, krepo, snoopeh and yellowpete 'trash'? Yes, they have their bad games, everyone does.
I personally have seen lots of improvement troughout the last season and they ended 4th in the LCS. Trash? Gl in your series to bronze 2 or whatever it is you play in

/rant 




 I love me some trashtalk but damn, talk about kicking a man when he's down.. Anyway, ggwp Vulcun good luck at worlds 




 cheers! Wasn't sure and it doesn't show on my phone so I guessed 




 EG, CLG and M5 here, still got a shot! /#believe 




 Wow 




 [Ur a cheeky 1 EH?](http://static1.fjcdn.com/comments/4551482+_1122fdb9757f3c0e96683cdd6f28c304.jpg) 




 Would love this aswell! Especially because, in this way, it would be alot easier for people from all over to come and join in, even some of us living in Belgium. *hint hint* 




 This is the reason it got me angry, if he stopped and considered the pro/contra's or the risks, there's no way he would of done this. Instead he went for the 'nope, this will be both awesome for us and look good on video.' 




 X-Post from /r/whatcouldgowrong 









 U wot m8? 




 u wot m8? 




 ITT: OP getting downvoted into oblivion  




 My tought aswell, glad the 'regi-hate' has stopped but this is not frontpage worthy imo 




 Why? It's not too uncommon for supports to run Ignite when their ADC is running barrier. 




 Surfing.. Being payed to travel all over the world, to the most beautiful countries to surf the best waves known to mankind.. Living the dream :) 




 Soooo.. League is better right? Right..? 
























