 I'm pretty sure he's trying to get insurance money 




 She doesn't look super concerned... 




 You should call him back. 




 Hooray for reposts!  




 Omg! 2spooky4 me! This sub sucks nowadays... 




 All about that flick bout that flick no tapping 




 That could be worst 




 Well I was just there with the Realtor, that place is beyond massive. To all the people who think it's not for sale, it definitely is. It's destroyed though, I'd say 150000 dollars just to keep it standing for 10 more years. 




 How is this creepy?  




 Welp just left my contact info. My so is either going to kill me or love it, then the asylum will probably kill me. 




 "It's been in the box for about 5 weeks so probably dead but I can't be too sure" 




 Or wet perhaps 




 I love that it's under gigs.. 




 You're playing a dangerous game... 




 With half the following 




 The reason they look similar is because they are the exact same picture, op just said that 




 None of that is true... 




 So being barely able to move you felt it a good idea to leave your newborn son in a room with a bobcat?  




 Poorly written, but good story!  




 Arachnophobia and coulrophobia wrapped up in a right little bundle! 




 "There's more than one way to skin a cat" 




 This belongs in DIY! 









 Could you shoot me the email or number they have up? 




 You're a bad man. 




 Is that the new Razer? 





























 Touche'! 




 They remind me of the rip stick or whatever 




 At least we can see that your camera didn't go staticy 




 OMFG WHY DIDN'T YOU PUT A TRIGGER WARNING ON THIS NOW I'M TRIGGERED THANKS DICK 














 Would make a good cake topper. 




 I wish I could find a chick crazy enough to do that, I could use a new car. 




 I knew that was the beerfest gif before I even clicked on it
Lol 




 I made one myself, nothing happened. I played with friends, alone, graveyards, and houses... But nothing ever happened. 




 I hate it when I get on reddit and op costs me 1500 dollars 




 Only one way to find out. 




 The real nightmare is how often this gets reposted and still gets upvotes. 




 Just make sure you kill the skeleton lord that summons the pinwheels last, those things are a pain. 




 That's the mt Vernon infirmary that's for sale right? 40000 something square feet of that type of stuff... Lol 




 This makes me feel the teeth on my brain.... 




 Just google slenderman pics.. 




 Everyone knows this is from the film the lord of tears right? 




 I can't really tell when it stopped being intentional 




 "Go ahead, tell them this isn't a repost, see if they believe you!" 




 I use neko wool jap cotton. Most people don't realize you need to peel away the front and back layer of the sheet before wicking so it often gets bad reviews. 




 Just look up search by image on Google play or the app store. I'm not sure how exactly it works, but I know it searches for all sizes of the current image and returns visually similar images. All you have to do is select the image from your gallery and search. 




 I never said I was into it, but it's really not that bad 




 Where is the bear cub? 




 I've never seen a point made this well before... 




 Living in a remodeled uhaul truck until I'm done with a road trip, so I'd be a bit more concerned with the appearance of a hallway 




 I'm going to assume you've never heard of reverse image search?  
























 Um I guess that depends. I think there are some RDAs that have a kind of tank attachment but a true RDA is a "deck" you build your coils on. Instead of a glass tank you wick them with cotton and put your ejuice on the cotton, so when the coil(s) heat up it/they burn the juice off the cotton, giving you vapor. 




 A vape store owner I know runs .02 on a mephisto with an el diabolo 26650 mod. I've seen the build but am way too nervous to be around when he uses it. 




 What size wire and how many wraps? 




 No worries. Its rebuildable dripping atomizer. Look into them, you'll need one of them to get awesome clouds. The only tank I've ever seen that would give you a decent cloud is the arctic with the .2 coil, but that still could never compare to an RDA lol. 




 My two favorite mods are my el diabolo 26650 and my hammer of god that takes 4 18650s. I feel like a mod is only going to get you so far though, the RDA is (in my opinion) much more important. The best I've used were the Buddha zephyr, the 26650 mephisto, and the mutation. What RDA are you using now? 




 That's awesome! I've just heard stories about it melting so I've not really been interested lol 




 I've not used nickel yet, but with kanthal that would take a year to heat up! Lol 




 Came here to say this lol 




 Wake up sheeple jet fuel isn't even flammable!! 




 for those who are interested: https://www.etsy.com/listing/175112598/cat-battle-armor 




 isn't this the stock photo from etsy? 




 Illuminati! 




 AND MY HAMMER 




 10/10 would eat TV dinner on.

I your hardware though! Have you been at it long? 




 I also come from the wonderful world of hookahs. A few burn holes in my carpet/couch/deck/everything motivated me to switch. Hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 




 Yeah me too. I've drawn up a lot of plans for a box similar to this, I'm a machinist so I could really go crazy with it. I'm a bit nervous though so I'm reading up a lot on the wiring and stuff. 4 batteries that close to my face, really wouldn't want to do that wrong! 




 I feel like not many people know about this guy (at least not many people around me), so I thought I'd share:

http://vaperzcloud.com/products/hammer-of-god-box

It was my first mod and it's still my favorite. 10/10 woud buy again. 




 I'm assuming its a compressed air cannon, which could toss somebody. I'd be more worried about his ears than anything. Saw this a year or so ago on YouTube and I feel like he got up afterwards.

Edit: here's a link

scientist air cannon prank: https://youtu.be/Bo8Q88bAXyQ 




 Sup dog, heard you like vehicles. 




 :| 




 "This isn't very awes..... OK" 




 Better than any sweater I own. 




 This pic is from r/psbattles 




 11 months in:

"This park is really clean and tidy" 




 Everyone's finding a way to make this work out still... The fish speak English. All the fish speak English. This is verified by "kiss the girl" and when Sebastian tells Eric her name is Ariel. Why the fuck didn't Sebastian just tell him? 




 I'm no expert, but isn't it leucistic as opposed to albino?  




 omelette du fromage 
























 Okay, so I was wondering if you have a hammer of god (which has 4 batteries) would super sub-ohming be safer? I'm not big into low builds, but in my mind the load would be evenly distributed among all 4 batteries. Is that accurate? Why or why not? Are there any articles I could read on the subject? 




 Can we get a glow shot?! 




 Nah that should be fine. Right guys? Guys? 




 I've had that. I cheated against my girlfriend because I wanted to beat her just once. She had been cheating too so it became a game of luck. She still won. 




 Also came here to ask. 




 Off topic, but is 3/4th proper? 




 The best part is he takes the rock too. You can tell he's on a budget! 




 Did you bring your TURBO rda??! 




 Fair enough 




 I think we both know that no one thinks a dog has lived 7 years when we have lived 1. Their bodies are aged roughly 7 times faster than a humans though. 




 Couldn't you just close the door? 




 Did... Did you just say dogs don't age faster than we do? No one is saying that time passes faster for dogs, but they certainly do age much much faster. I'd like to see one external source that says otherwise. 




 He shouldn't have been standing in front of it in the first place though. 




 What if you'd have to drink the dick because you've been hitting it for so long 




 Kinda the same thing as a gentlemen's club I guess. Men come in to look at women. 




 Batman is in there twice too lol 









 Or is it incest?  




 I see that hammer pipe mod over on the left! I hated that thing... It looks nice but it's pretty finicky. If you're into spending any more money I'd look into the hammer of the gods box mod. It's my personal favorite. 




 If you like the freak show look for the mad hatter. Same manufacturer and they're both fantastic. 




 I said a year not two, that's just ridiculous. 




 Doesn't that take a year to heat up? 




 I bet that's got a good throat hit 




 The first one doesn't say "for the better". 




 There's two halves to every lemon professor scam! 




 From what I can remember in that country people could pay to get that blue light to bypass busy traffic. 




 Work at vegetarian store, can confirm. 
























 'That's a bold strategy cotton"
"I don't know, I've seen boulder" 




 She's doing neither actually. Just acting completely normal. 




 Yeah I can tomorrow. It doesn't even look too bad the eye lid is just a bit red. Not even puffy really. Might it be possible she poked her eye with some hay? She does tend to toss it around and role in it... A lot... Lol 




 Will be worth noting that we opened a window and had a bunch of company the day prior. Maybe allergies? 




 My vape store will trade vented batteries for 50 off a new one, see if your will! 




 Hey, my rabbit is sick. One of her eyes is red and she's got a stuffy nose! She's still bouncing around and happy, eating (and tossing her bowl when she's done) with no sign of pain whatsoever. I'm thinking it may be a cold but I'm unsure. The vet literally won't do anything with her. Like that shouldn't even be a thing but he just keeps saying she's okay. The closest one is 3 miles away and I can walk that but the next one is 12 miles away. If it could be something serious I'll do it but she seems fine. Sometimes she'll close the eye but that's it. Any suggestions? 




 Is it the 18650 size or the 26650? 




 I'd have to say no on that... 




 Which mephisto? I've got an authentic mephisto RDA with a 26650 el diablo that work okay. Are the clones any good? I spent 100 on my RDA and for the price I'm disappointed. 




 When my girlfriend wants me to leave the vape store 




 With a 9 wrap parallel you'll get the same surface area as an 18 wrap with lower  though is the point I'm making I guess. But definitely if you can push more power through the coils you'll get comparable results. 




 Ohh okay I'm assuming you mean the box is series right? I only have unregulated mechanical boxes that are parallel so I don't actually have experience with controlling power levels. 




 What are the benefits of doing this instead of a 9 wrap parallel? Are you aiming for a longer ramp time? Not being sarcastic or anything I'm genuinely curious Lol 




 I believe so, I followed a tutorial online. This is the first real repair I've ever done to a car besides like breaks and stuff. 




 So what would you make of the smoke? If the pump is out I know it would leak but not at the back of the engine right? 




 I'm really hoping it was a miscommunication. I've had people tell me it wouldn't hold pressure with a blown head gasket, is that correct? 




 So that means replacing the water pump may do it? 




 Fill the back seat with bags of ice! 




 Edit: it is a 94 BMW 325i not a 328, not sure why the 8 is there.


Hello, I've been having some trouble with my BMW overheating. I bought this car because I wanted something nice to drive and also a car I could learn to work on. So today removed the radiator and the fan blades (?) To change the thermostat which went well but after reassembly when I turned it on and ran it for about 20 minutes it began over heating again! There is white smoke coming from under the left side of the engine which leads me to believe there could be a leaky head gasket but I noticed something rather peculiar. The hose to the right of the water pump was hot to the touch, but to the hose to left of it was much cooler (still hot, but not nearly as much). I took it to national tire and battery for a pressure check and they said it held 75lbs of pressure just fine. Any thought guys?



TLDR: 94 BMW 325i overheating, pressure check went well, small amount of white smoke coming from under engine on passenger side, changed thermostat and it didn't help. 




 He's one k away from racism 









 I've come to terms with it. How are they making the money to do this??? I've never seen something this overly advertised in my entire life! 









 What shop is this and where? 









 The whomping willow in its early years 




 Kinda depends if it's a double cheeseburger. 
























 Out of juice for a few weeks, won't have the money for more until the first. Can anyone help me out? 




 I would replace it if you don't mind driving an older car. I wish I would have done that with my Sebring instead of getting my mazda 




 I've only found a hammer of God at one store, but the Buddha zephyr is pretty popular. There's also the fat Buddha which is geared more for flavor builds and there's the mangala which is a short version of the Buddha. All the parts for those 3 RDA's are interchangeable too which is nice. 




 Well I'll hit it for a good 4 or 5 usually, the awesome thing about royal wire is it heats up super fast but it takes forever to get too hot. I've used a ton of different wires and royal is my favorite by far. If you build you should try it out! 




 Better than I expected honestly. I mean a higher resistance would be better but I'm completely satisfied. It's a bit warm but its not bad.  




 My favorite build is the hammer of God box mod with the Buddha zephyr. The Buddha has a MASSIVE chuff cap and handles heat realllyyyyy well, and the deck has deep juice wells. Also, tons of building space. I run 4 vtc5 batteries in the mod but vtc4s are pretty fantastic too. I get a bit less flavor but the clouds are just massive. I'm going to get a lot of hate for this but I've got a .03 ohm build on it and it's never been even remotely a problem. All together it cost me about 300 dollars.

My build is a 6 wrap dual parallel 20g royal wire, so lots of surface area with a super low resistance wire. Flawless on every front. I've been in 4 cloud comps with it and never lost one. It outperforms my 26650 el diablo mod with the mephisto rda which costed me 350 dollars not counting batteries, wire, and cotton. 




 I think I'd be too tempted to fire it... 




 It just seems to be the common consensus from the people I've asked. Do you know the other things that will be required after engine replacement.? 




 I've heard the head gasket goes out faster after you fix it, so for the same money I can swap the engine and solve the problem for a lot longer... Right? Is it true that the head gasket wears out faster after repairing it? 









 /r/outside 




 Don't invoke the holy.... Spirit.... 




 Gay + Gay if you will 




 Lol sorry if it was too vague. Just caught my attention and I got a kick out of it. 




 She looks like she's crying..? 




 That escalated quickly... 




 Like what are the implications of that though? What can that do? This Atty is made of spare parts from destroyed zephyrs my friends have given me so I'm not too worried about it 




 Guys calm down. The houses are just reeeaaaallllyyyy nice 




 Did that. Did not work. What happens if they touch? Lol 




 Pretty sure the insulator melted 









 Grandma is died 




 Time to unsubscribe from this sub lol. 




 "And that was when I quit my job" 




 Gonna be honest here, I run .04 on a 4 battery box mod in my buddha for competitions. Have been for about 3 months now. Never had a bit of trouble. 









 Know anywhere I can buy a drop bear helmet?? 
























 Alright, so is that going to require taking anything major out? 




 I was in a spot where I needed to force cold air into the engine, that's what I had to do. I didn't come here for support with my decisions, I came here for help. It's applicable to the problem so I included it. From what I've read it should cool down when I rev the engine or go around 60 if its the fan clutch right? I shouldn't have to hit 100mph to get results. I feel like it cooled down there because there was so much air going into the engine. Is there a definite way to tell if it's one or the other without tearing it apart? I live in an apartment complex that doesn't care for me disassembling my car in the parking lot lol 




 Yep. 




 I noticed they were using the "Roman candle" for their spells. It's good, but I think it's a bit reckless considering you cannot turn them off. The "flare gun" item has a lower rate of fire, but the damage is much higher. 




 Well the strength skill will be phenomenal also, but I'm not sure which career skill he'd have time for. I have heard that it's possible for a player to incorporate those skills into a career tree but it isn't easy. 




 If you aren't picky go for the machining skill tree. I've always been in it, you learn skills that can branch out into other skills like metallurgy, electrical, maintenance, and other kinds of things. Good say to grind currency too, in the US server I've averaged 16.00 an hour! 




 I had a similar experience, I was just drinking some vodka for the happiness buff and my frame rate dropped insanely low. Like we're talking black screen except for a minute every couple hours. Next thing I know I've spawned at this stone query (fortunately I didn't lose any gear) and my pre 2000 update vehicle I just grinded currency for was missing its bumper. The devs really need to work on this. 




 Yeah I heard something about the vampire boss thing, but I'm pretty sure they changed it to a hand-spear type weapon in an update following this sword. Apparently the boss was really op so they put in a stronger weapon to counter it. I'm pretty sure they removed the vampire boss completely around the time of the firearm update (at the very latest). 




 Know if they'll be restocking? 




 I gotta have that thing Lol. Does anyone know if its going to be sold separately? 




 Well, the car won't cool down until I hit over 100 so I think the fan clutch is probably okay. Is there a way to check the radiator? That is comparably easy to get out of the car if I can check that out 




 I have a 94 bmw 325i that's overheating, it seems to be leaking a small bit of oil but not too much. I think it's the water pump but that thing is an absolute nightmare to get to. Is there a way to troubleshoot it to see if that is actually the problem?

May be worth noting that the thermostat was not working but I replaced it... Still overheating though. I think maybe the overheating from the thermostat may have melted the plastic impeller on the water pump. Is there anything else I should look into in addition to that? NTB did a pressure check and said it was holding pressure, if that helps at all. 




 Think 16 gb of ram will do it? I'm in the midst of building my pc so that's all I have ATM. I plan on adding another 16 gb and a much better graphics card eventually but that's neither here nore there lol 




 I'm really into mmorpg's but can't find any free ones I like. Can anyone suggest anything? Please not runescape, that has taken more money and time from my youth that any other game combined.. 




 Did they add another area to mobile? I've got the pc and mobile version but the last I played the phone version they only had the first area.  




 Geez calm down no need to yell 




 BE PATIENT?!?! I'LL BE PATIENT WHEN I WANNA BE PATIENT! HOW DARE YOU EXPECT ME TO WAIT FOR A THING! 




 If you play any instruments this would make a decent dampener to reduce echo when recording. That would be my excuse anyway.. 




 :c 




 I named my son chair, is it the same thing? 




 Can confirm, need pics of lack of penis. 




 Truth be told I haven't seen the herakles yet. I'm more of an arctic kinda guy myself Lol 




 https://m.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2zwr5e/can_some_one_tell_me_why_it_is_dangerous_to_use/ 


pretty good starting point... Search function guys 




 It's never a good idea to put a tank on a hybrid mod. Doesn't matter how long the pin is.  




 /u/TrollaBot train_subject1642 




 I've watched most of the series up to shippuden season 12 dubbed in english, but I can't find season 13 or beyond dubbed. Is there anywhere to watch/download them anywhere? I've got everything later on my pc subbed but that's all I can find. Thanks in advance! 


































 Looks appropriate. 




 I would also put just a little bit of juice in the coil and hit it without firing it 




 Oh ffs no 




 Definitely is for the better. 




 Hmmm... Still says disabled for me... Maybe because I'm using the reddit app 




 My favorite thing about this is he won't allow comments on his videos 




 I'm guessing punching a cow in the face so hard it flies apart isn't the kosher way then? 




 Definitely cheating 




 He's going to tell! 




 As an Ohioan, this project seems like a reasonable and cost effective way to prevent flooding in your basement. 




 3 marijuannas and 7 cracks 




 Spawny spawny he's our man! If he can't do it no one can! 




 I've never felt like a cat needed eyebrows before now 




 We aren't terribly popular 




 Not sure if racist 




 The mephisto could do it too I'm sure 




 Just looked up what bullet time fighting was. I see what you mean, I'm not sure they even make a computer that could run that yet... 




 Now here's the thing... 




 I always felt like he was rhyming walks with talk. 




 A bird in the hand is worth two in a window 




 I've been saying that for years 




 I think they mean they literally hit better than sonys. Sony's are made to vent slowly, these things are gonna "hit" like a mother fucker. 




 Well, I need to kill one anyway so there's no real point in buying it lol 




 I'm trying to go back and complete this game 100%, are there any tips on finding white whales? No one plays this on my friends list anymore so there's not much hope on having it shared to me. Xbox 360 for those who are wondering. 




 I'm pretty positive a German soldier didn't burry him. German man maybe but I feel like a soldier probably had bigger stuff going on. 




 See that's what I've been looking for!! Thank you. Is that a tough fix? 
























 That form requires four stamps! I'm demoting you to rank 658! 




 Well that was a load off my mind 




 But surely you must have some other pitchforks we could take a look at! 




 Paging /u/pitchforkemporium 




 With a hammer mod I don't see why a clone would be a problem, but my girl only buys clone tube mods. She's bought two so far, and both have fallen apart on her. So I'd be a little careful at least. Rdas are pretty basic, so I don't see any problems with buying a clone of them.  




 I have an authentic myself, but I've seen some pretty great clones too. I won't buy any clones personally, it just seems like the quality is often times worth the price.

Plus bragging rights! 




 It hits like a freight train! I have an el diablo tube mod that I really like the look of, but I just can't put that hog down. 




 I've done a little of it myself but I really like machining fantasy weapons. When I was younger I went to a festival with her and there was this guy who had a truck he blew glass out of. The whole side of the truck folded out into a stage and he'd do shows. It was pretty awesome haha. 




 The hog is my favorite mod by far. Just wish I could carry it a bit easier! That dewberry cream actually belongs to my woman, I can't stand it honestly. When I bought it for her I thought I'd just use the dripper from a 30 to get it out but I eventually just had to use a funnel. Definitely not my favorite bottle! 




 They use a small plunger like device, its very crude and will kill all the children ever. 




 My mom's a glass blowing hippie, my dad's a machinist by day and a drum and bass dj by night. Not sure if that's carnie material, but its a nice thought lol 




 Hey! You leave my Styrofoam out of this!!

I have a few, but I'm having trouble tracking 4 battery cases down. I'm gonna fab my own out of some wood when I get around to it. 




 Also, for those who are interested, the black faces on the back wall are flat glass my mom gave me, she blows and sells glass at local carnivals. 














 The TV isn't actually there. Watch the way it shakes when if hits the ground. 









 "What's going on here? Is that blood on the grooaaaaaAAAAAAAAAHHHH" 




 Very rarely I'll find a wonderball, is that the same thing? 




 About time to unsubscribe I suppose. 




 I've got three vapers in my house, I just went out and bought a book shelf Lol 




 https://youtu.be/AV_H22UlIic 




 Pooposition 2 you mean 




 Glitter is a great way to close a wound I hear... 




 Thanks again! 




 I'm lied about the green 




 Well actually I'm in Ohio, I just put in a vape request at /r/vaperequests and /u/EastBayVaper sent me all this for free. Lol 
























