 This makes for an awesome poster. I used this to get a free print today:

http://slickdeals.net/permadeal/98280/walgreens-8x10-collage-print-for 









 Only a Sith deals in absolutes... 




 Lemon zester 




 It's a neurological condition that affects sensory perception. Patients see things that are smaller or larger than they actually are, but realize that this can't be real. There are also temporal effects such a time slowing down. It usually occurs before they fall asleep or after they wake up. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_in_wonderland_syndrome 




 Nope, actually it was in an adolescent girl. Pretty rare syndrome that usually affects children, but they usually grow out of it. 




 Alice in Wonderland Syndrome 




 As a medical student and crossfitter, I have had the same issue while doing cleans so I completely understand your frustration and pain. I know I can probably pull more, but the pain limits the weight I carry as it hurts more with increased weight. I realized cleaning uses a lot of muscle groups including abduction and flexion of the shoulders. This creates a lot of strain on the supraspinatus muscles, which you can test with your arms pointed out at a 45 degree angle from the horizontal, thumbs pointed down, and ask someone to push your hands down while you push up against their hands. If that recreates the pain, you most likely have supraspinatus strain and/or some type of labrum tear. MRI or not, the first line of treatment is ibuprofen and rest and then physical therapy exercises to strengthen the accessory muscles. Surgery is last resort to reattach the torn labrum. For me, I get pain deep in the shoulder as well as some biceps tendon tenderness. I try to limit the weight and not go over 80% of my 1RM. I also noticed the faster you get your elbows under, the less weight strain on your shoulders so a lot is perfecting technique. Let me know if this helps! 









 I was going to say really weird version of Jim Parsons 









 That's not creepy at all. 









 Are they laced with crack just like from the ones from Red Lobster? 




 yeah! science bitch! 




 was it ok? 














 This makes a lot more sense. So, this means while he's swinging the light, his whole body has to be in constant motion? In a sense, he's swinging and dancing? Just trying to get a sense of how this looks lol. Thanks for the thorough explanation! 




 I'm still not sure why his body doesn't show up in the pictures. Is that light the sole light source for every picture? It looks unlikely especially in the one with the waves in the background. 




 Brilliant! So much for the diving insect theory. 




 http://i.imgur.com/ASX5s.jpg 




 haha yes, fixed sorry 




 I don't think they give away the unsigned ones that I know of 




 The problem is, you won't be able to get into the ballroom 20 line once it moves indoors without a badge so.... 




 What do you guys think of the validity of this claim? 




