 Yep, that's all I see here in the USA.  It's either an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy S[#] 




 Give me Google everything.

If they can give me 10gbps fiber internet to the home.  Google has my business.

If they can give me cheaper phone service, better coverage, or a combination thereof, then Google has my business.

I'd much rather Google have my information, because I know what they're doing with it....marketing.  Selling ads.  But they don't sell your _information_.  Do you know what Verizon, AT T, etc are doing with your information?  They're selling it directly.  Not just access to an anonymized database like Google, but actually giving your information out to people for a quick buck.

I trust Google with my information far more than I trust the big telecoms.  I know that what makes them money is selling access to services, not actually selling the data outright. 




 Sprint: Unlimited data - but good fucking luck getting more than 2gb out of it in a month, even if you're trying. 




 Holy crap, could you have uploaded it to a _worse_ site?  Requires registration to download.  When you download, it generates a download link that it then _emails you_.  What...the...fuck? 




 Not that I can find for VG.  But while cigarettes use less, it's kind of asinine to say that we have no idea about the safety of PG when inhaled.  We do have an idea about its safety, and it breaks down in our bodies very quickly.  It doesn't crystallize or form harmful chemicals.  So it's perfectly safe as a nicotine delivery system.

Now, if the argument was about the flavorings - I could see that possibly being an issue.  Diacetyl was found to be a problem and everyone promptly stopped using it. 




 http://www.bag.admin.ch/themen/drogen/00041/00618/13196/13199/index.html?lang=en

Propylene glycol is reportedly used as a humectant' in cigarettes i.e. a substance that traps water to keep the tobacco moist, thus preventing the cigarette from drying out.

Propylene glycol is applied to either the filter or the tobacco and makes up to 2.4% of the total weight of the tobacco used in one cigarette (for cigarettes produced and sold in the EU). In the Netherlands, the average amount added is reported to be 1.3% of the total weight of tobacco in a cigarette, with a maximum of 5.0%.

Already used in Cigarettes as well.  So it's either PG+Tons of other chemicals...or PG.

So please, just stop. 




 These are chemicals which are injected into our bloodstreams on a daily basis for the delivery of medication.

http://www.atsdr.cdc.gov/phs/phs.asp?id=1120 tid=240

 The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified propylene glycol as "generally recognized as safe," which means that it is acceptable for use in flavorings, drugs, and cosmetics, and as a direct food additive. According to the World Health Organization, the acceptable dietary intake of propylene glycol is 25 mg of propylene glycol for every kilogram (kg) of body weight.

Stop being gullible to scare-statements by the cigarette industry. 




 Nothing is failing.  There is a ratcheting piece of plastic inside of the head which provides tension around a splined head.  It's meant to slide and ratchet at 3 in-lb.  It's working correctly, it's down to about 3in-lbs after working it in a little more.

PLA is way stronger than that.  Something this shape with full infill would easily be able to do 15in-lb 




 It was only .7in-lb off.  Most people I've seen here can't even get theirs working off of the build plate.  I'd say that's a success.  It's a working torque wrench.  The plastic holds up. 




 Here's the users page: http://www.reddit.com/user/gwertz

He deleted the comment, but you can still downvote it from the user page...(unless reddit is still doing that thing where downvotes don't count unless they're from the comment page of the link...or whatever) 




 It's a torque wrench rated for 3lb-in - which isn't a lot of force.  It works.  Printed one on a DeltaMaker as well, very similar settings and tested against my own torque wrench.  Mine came out to 3.7lb-in when I tested it, but I'm sure that would change the more I used it. 




 Derp-tits?[](/advicederp) 




 Offensive driving is more fun. 




 That's not true though.

My car has unfixed issues from previous accidents.  Know the previous accident?  My brother in law backing out of his driveway into my car and destroying the trunk.  File a insurance claim?  "NO WAY" my wife says.  It'll cause bad blood!

So I got a new one from the junk yard, got it primed, but not painted yet.

I'm 30, have never been in an accident or caused an accident.  Plenty of speeding tickets though.

The people to watch out for are: People with jesus-fish stickers, PT Cruisers, Minivans and rental cars. 




 Saved my ass so many times.  Wife yells at me "why in the fuck are you pulling off of the road, we're at a stop light!" - SCREEEEEEEEEE \*WHAM\* to the next car in line.

The look on her face... 




 They actually teach you in some of the advanced driving schools that hitting the brake hard, and then swerving left/right is a bad idea.  You get the most braking power staying straight.  If you're going to get left/right, don't do it while your antilock brakes are kicked on. 




 You kidding me?  Chicks LOVE scars like this! 




 Get this 24fps bullshit out of here... 




  I hate birds worse. Do you know what it feels like to have to drive 15 mph 10 miles, down a perfectly smooth beach road when there is no traffic? Well I know. Why? Because fucking birds.

That's weird.  On most beach roads here, the speed limit is 15mph anyways.  Because of tourists, not birds. 




 You'll hate them again when you realize those birds eat a shit-ton of mosquitos and other harmful insects. 




 linkme: Fleksy 




 I work mostly in technical fields, and regularly have a vocabulary that's way beyond swiftkey.  This is my biggest gripe as well. 




 Why would you need Adobe Reader _OR_ Evince?  Google Chrome has a built in PDF reader that is sandboxed.  Hell, he's even using it in his screenshot. 




 It killed facebook for me.  It's like twitter, but without the stupid fucking 140 character limit.  Follow people that do cool shit, and leave your family/friends/other retards off of it. 




 Oh it gets even better!

The more traffic is in the toll lane, the higher the toll gets!  Up to $12 I've been told.  So this is basically a lane for the rich, who don't want to have to mingle with pleb traffic. 




  Makerbot is the apple of 3d printing.

LOL no.

MakerBot _wants_ to be the Apple of printing.  Except they put out garbage and put an even more absurd price tag on it.  Please don't repeat that phrase.  It makes people think that MakerBot is somehow a quality product.  It's not. 




 I use Waze, and not even Waze was able to route me around the clusterfuck that is Florida traffic tonight. 




 Also KISSlicer!  




  unless you have a way to store a massive amount of energy (doesn't exist atm)

Does exist at the moment.  Tesla has massive 400kWh storage stations for exactly that thing.  You may think their big game is their cars: It's not.  It's their batteries.

http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/Tesla-CTO-on-Energy-Storage-We-Should-All-Be-Thinking-Bigger (near bottom of page)

Which basically negates your argument about storage.  It's already here.  It's already happening.  And guess what...you can put it anywhere also!

Additionally, Nuclear _continues_ to cost.  You still have to feed it.  That's not renewable.  You're just trading one non-renewable for an equally non-renewable but more abundant supply of material. 




 Yes, lets immediately jump to how I must be some sort of corporate oil shill!  I guess you haven't read any of my comment history.  How about I start with this little blurb:

 Solar, Wind, Geothermal, Hydro, Tidal, etc are all very easily potential sources of energy that could today produce reliable, clean energy were enough investment thrown into it. Additionally, just like the "cash for clunkers" program that was run, we could easily incentivize better power usage by giving people money in order to destroy power-hungry appliances, upgrade houses efficiency ratings, etc.
Already, the power usage is tipping in favor of solar so much that electric companies are raising their rates. The more they raise their rates, the more people go solar. The more people go solar, the more they raise their rates. It's a vicious cycle that will eventually end up with renewables winning. Without the need for some monopolistic power company to dictate pricing, waste millions of tax dollars, etc.

Go ahead, tell me how much of an oil shill I am.  You know what that's a sign of?  It's a sign of someone who doesn't have a fucking argument to stand on and resorts to inane bullshit statements like your own. 




  skunk tail

 smelled like hell

Isn't that the point of being a skunk? 




 Tell me, has there ever been a point in history...ever...that anything, at all...was 100% fail safe?  You're incredibly naive.  




  Nuclear is the only current way for reliable clean energy.

You know, it's definitive statements like this that always make me immediately call "bullshit".  Solar, Wind, Geothermal, Hydro, Tidal, etc are all very easily potential sources of energy that could _today_ produce reliable, clean energy were enough investment thrown into it.  Additionally, just like the "cash for clunkers" program that was run, we could easily incentivize better power usage by giving people money in order to destroy power-hungry appliances, upgrade houses efficiency ratings, etc.

Already, the power usage is tipping in favor of solar so much that electric companies are raising their rates.  The more they raise their rates, the more people go solar.  The more people go solar, the more they raise their rates.  It's a vicious cycle that will eventually end up with renewables winning.  Without the need for some monopolistic power company to dictate pricing, waste millions of tax dollars, etc.

And this is happening regardless of Nuclear generation coming online.  Fuck Nuclear.  We don't need it.  Too much potential for abuse/misuse/problems. 




 Yes, lets load tons of nuclear waste high above our atmosphere.  NOTHING could go wrong with that! 




 I don't think it's _JUST_ that.  It's also the fact that we're tired of large scale government projects, we're tired of mismanagement, we're tired of all the lawsuits that protect entrenched, existing businesses.  Is our government going to keep this nuclear reactor safe for 100 years, or are they going to do like everything else and just slowly let it degrade until a tragic accident happens and we make a large section of land permanently unusable? 




 *Nice* 




 Depends.  Is it super thin?  If yes, then probably not.

If it's not super thin, then probably yes. 




 printedsolid.com will investment cast your PLA prints! :D

$65 minimum, but it's better than shapeways! 




 No no no, he was using an all-metal hot end, and just wanted to extrude _REALLY REALLY FAST!_ 




 Then change it! 




 I don't jump lanes frequently, when traffic is dense you can kind of do an in-head math on which types of cars are in which lanes and determine which lane will get you ahead quickest.  You can't speed in those situations anyways.

I do purposely lane switch in front of people who leave 2 car lengths in front of themselves at stop lights.  Usually the person is busy with their fucking phone so they stop way before they need to.  I don't touch mine while driving.

I have enough spatial awareness to know what cars are going to do based on lane drift, out of state tags (I drive by theme parks on my way to work), type of car (trucks will typically be heading out on certain lanes during construction days), etc.

I try not to cut close to others, because when there are "friends" with me, if I cut too close and jump over a lane I tend to do it quickly.  It can leave them with too little time to react to a slowing/stopped car.  I use turn signals _always_ even when switching lanes.

I go fast, but I do my best not to endanger others.  No accidents in my lifetime \*knock on wood\*.  I'm 31.

Also Waze.  Waze helps me avoid cops.  Fucking amazing app if you're in the city.  Usually have the phone mounted in my cluster over the RPM gauge with Waze running. 




 I guess I'm a rare third type.  I make my own hours, so I've got all the time in the world, but I drive 15mph over everywhere.  The best single word to describe my driving style is: "Slalom" 

This is what driving for me feels like in the mornings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tr-J8t3ylM

I just drive that way because I enjoy it. :D 




 And yes, the guy died. 




  haeckel

That thing is just a Prusa i2 in a box.   I wouldn't. 




 And I fully understand that, but people tend to need an outlet for this stuff, and the soldiers are an easy target. 




  The soldiers weren't in charge.

But those people joined the service to be the governments force.  If the government ordered the military to kill babies, and they did, you wouldn't be making this argument right now.  You'd be pissed off at them for following orders.

Likewise, we can be pissed off at soldiers for participating in wars that were perpetuated by lies. 




 Even responsible gun owners live in a heightened state of aggression while they have their guns on them.

http://www.smartplanet.com/blog/thinking-tech/study-carrying-a-gun-can-make-you-more-paranoid/ 




  there are plenty of people who will never be felons who should not be around guns

Like certain vice presidents... 




 Overhead X/Y gantry.  Moving beds are a huge load of weight to be shifting around.  It's basically a T-slot version of an Ultimaker. 




  How a decade ago, many of our tv shows came off TPB.

Uh, I still torrent most of my TV shows.  showrss.info is a great aggregator of torrent sites, and you just plug in the rss feed to your torrent client and let Plex sort it all for you.  It'll even tell you that you have new shows to watch.  With no commercials.

That's fucking _convenient_.  If TV were like this, and I could pay for it, I would. 




 Because the additional water helps make sure that the smell doesn't penetrate into the air.  Smell an American bathroom after it's been used, and then go smell a German bathroom (where they have a poop inspection shelf and the feces sits in the air before flushed) after it's been used and you'll notice a huge difference. 




 Honestly, if you're already to the point of an enclosure, you should probably just build a proper machine into it.

You're basically already 1/2 way to a eustathios... 




 I'm just saying that the way you're trying to argue what you're saying leaves open the possibility of interpretation of something else happening rather than what you are trying to say.

You're not being concise.

The point could easily be argued in your grandparent comment that it isn't because of RAM that you were able to load that, but because of harddrive-backed cache.  I merely went further with it to ensure cover where harddrive backed cache comes in, and where it doesn't.  Because you were replying to someone who had counter-argued that it was stored on the hard drive.

You can't just say "It is because I SAY it is!", you have to say "It is, because of this, and this is how it works, and this is why it works.  Additionally this is the case in which what you are describing works/acts/operates."  It's not I'm Right/You're Wrong here.  It's about trying to clarify. 




 Your argument isn't very concise.  It could do this as well if it were on the hard drive as well, albeit a little slower.

Basically, before Windows 7-ish era, the thought was to use as little ram as possible.  It was dumb, because unused ram was basically wasted.  Linux has always cached things in RAM, and this is the proper way to do things.  If you need the space, it's always easier to clear the ram and just write over it.  So nowadays, browsers really only write to disk as a long-term backup cache - for loading webpages rather quickly on browser startup.  While the browser is open though, it stores as many of those objects in ram as possible.  For example if you visit reddit.com often, and they use some js library - as soon as you load up chrome, it's likely preloading (into RAM!) that JS library from the hard drive.

Part of the huge memory usage of Chrome is also its javascript engine, however. 




 If it's being displayed on the page, or ready to be displayed on the page _VERY_ quickly, it's in RAM.  The hard drive is long term, _SLOW_ storage.  Browsing the internet would be horrible if browsers by simply storing everything on disk.  (In fact, they USED to work like this...back when everything was terrible)  Yes, they cache stuff on disk still, but as long as the browser is open it will try to keep a lot in memory to avoid hitting that cache again.  So things like javascript libraries, etc are all stored in RAM. 




 Depends.  We talking about a thumb? 




 It's almost 100% likely to be a loose wire on the motor. 




 .4mm layers, and .5mm layers with huge nozzles also look amazing. 




 This is really something that needs to be done in a multifaceted weighting system.

Like    
1. How important is open source to you? 1-5    
2. How big of a build volume do you need? 50x50, 100x100, 200x200, 400x400    
3. How much money to you have to spend? 300-500, 501-800, 801-1200, 1201-1600, 1600+    
4. How important is it to extrude multiple materials? 1-5

etc.  And then give a printer based on whichever is closest score to the user preferences. 




 It's a precrime.  Much like the reason why Marijuana was made illegal.  Because people on Marijuana would rape all of your women!

We really need to stop making things actual crimes based on things that MIGHT happen.  Want to do crack cocaine?  Fucking fine.  Want to rob a liquor store while on crack cocaine?  You should get arrested for robbing a store...not for being on crack.  We've got to the point where, if some action _could_ result in a crime...we make said action a crime.  What about all the times said action _didn't_ result in a crime?! 




 Don't worry about all the downvotes.  The people in /r/Orlando are a bunch of retiree prudes from pennsylvania.  That's why we have such bad drivers, because they all think that going 10mph under the speed limit is safer than doing the speed limit. 




 There is no way in hell that a 3D printer compares with a dot matrix printer.  Not even close.  Dot Matrix probably comes in around 65dB, a 3D printer likely comes in around 35-40dB or so.  A busy office with lots of talking is about 30dB.

The best noise level I can compare it to is probably about the noise level of a laptop that just kicked its fans into high speed.

Also, the noise level of machines are about to get a LOT quieter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJmg0iRHX8s -- Like, next to your bed while sleeping quiet. 




 If you're printing with PLA, there are no fumes.  If you're printing with ABS, or Polycarb (not likely on this one) then you've gotta be aware of them, but the printrbot simple metal is quite possibly the best first printer anyone could have. 




 As we get smarter, logic is a higher order function.  Fighting, is a basic instinct.  There will never be enough higher order layered on top of basic instinct to stop this pure and simple fact.

Humans are animals....just like other animals.  The problem here is thinking that somehow humans are different in any way.  We're not.  We've evolved to use tools, etc but basic instinct is BASIC.  It forms the roots of everything layered on top of it. 




 Sorry, but we haven't had enough time with our civilized brains to move away from fighting.  I mean...do you live in the same reality that I do AT ALL?

That's practically all that humans do...in one way or another, as a whole, we fight anything and everything.  Violence is always the answer to humanities problems it seems.  Do you deny this? 




 Yes, let's ignore 500,000 years of evolution because we're "civilized" now. 




  Women shouldn't get a free pass

/r/pussypass 




 I call bullshit.  Linux users don't go to bestbuy for _anything_. 




 I'm at work right now, so _HUGE_ thank you spinwizard for covering nearly the exact response I would have made, but in much more detail.  You are the best!

GP doesn't seem to understand that there are servo control systems out there that accept the same step/direction pulses as steppers, and are thus very easy to synchronize in the exact same way that steppers are synchronized. 




 Did you miss the word "also" in there?  Sorry, I didn't link the building codes - it's your country, find them yourself.

And when you do studs 18" on center, but call it 457.2mm - you're still using inches because that arbitrary metric number is still based on the imperial standard that you're still using.

If all of your lumber were 3cm by 6cm, and you laid out your buildings with nice round metric numbers, I might believe you.  But you don't. 




 It's not about speed, it's about position in line.  Speed is often used as a method to get that extra position, but it's worth it.  Especially once you sync with all the yellow lights and leave the traffic behind you at red lights never to be seen again.

Advanced drivers just use a better combination of factors including car types, which lanes are fastest, are adjacent to popular turn lanes, in addition to speed.

That guy is waiting at the stop with you, sure - but when it turns green, he doesn't have to wait for 10 other people who are likely all paying more attention to facebook on their smartphones than traffic. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vgf_LwvZywI

Speed is determined completely by driving strength of the system.  You can run things like 400w motors up to 1000w intermittently in order to gain stability in a fast running system.

Most of this requires a lot of heavy mathematics but there's no reason it can't be done on systems like the ones we're using.

Servos have a great benefit in that they know their position at all times.  Regardless of skips, etc they can _always_ manage to return to position.  So no skipped prints, no shifting layers, etc.  They also operate much quieter than stepper motors. 




  I mean the things are used for a damn good reason after all.

You keep using this phrase.  What _ARE_ the reasons you supposedly believe that steppers are being used instead of servos, exactly?  Saying they're used "for a damn good reason" but never actually stating those reasons is a cop-out. 




  you will get fuckall precision/accuracy even with well tuned parameters

Yeah - that's just not true.

https://plus.google.com/104392700641405092118/posts/57wZjvrqQjk

The printer posted on this G+ page is the printer of a friend of mine.  It printed excellently using a servo motor for the Y axis, without ringing (once he finally got it tuned), etc.  It used a 1kw servo, with 1000 lor optical encoder tied to a dedicated servo driver called the Gecko Drive.

Granted, it used a much more expensive Gecko servo driver controller that simply accepted step/direction input, but it was slinging around a MASSIVE Y axis.

Servos can be used too - it's just a matter of getting the parameters down in order to use them at the accuracy and speeds we need.  The major issue is that we need way more than ~200 encoder steps in order to get good results from Servos.  An SPI magnetic rotary encoder would be far better, or something with at least 1000 lines of resolution per rotation.  Beyond that, it wouldn't be too difficult to design and engineer a system capable of doing this kind of thing for far less than it ended up costing Chris at close to $200 for a single servo driven axis.

I must also mention that the servo-based printer, while considerably more expensive with the components used could _literally_ not skip.  It knew its place in 3D space at all times, and could not be moved from it without returning to exactly the same spot every time. 




 OH look at that!

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lumber

Your building codes also specify imperial units for house construction!

Much like most of the "metric" using world - you're not fully converted over either. 




 The procedure has changed since 13 years ago.  They used to lasik much less of the eyeball area and that's what caused "rings" or weird halos around things.  Now they dilate your eyes, and correct vision all the way out to the far edges.  People who got Lasik a very long time ago, still probably have issues seeing stars at night, or see halos on signs (which can be fixed further if they go back to the doctor).  




 GT2, 6mm wide, that's correct.  The width matters. 




 http://i.imgur.com/N0orCMk.gif 




 PLA burns out cleanly, just like wax does.  So it's a suitable wax substitute. 




 Learn a programming language.  It's easy.  Get into natural language processing.  Get into AI.  Get into something you're passionate about.  Join communities of other likeminded people who are passionate about the same thing!  Work hard.  Get paid.

I make my own hours, work on robots day in and out, and never feel like I'm actually going to a job.  Break free from that vicious cycle, man.  Once you do it, the world is your oyster.  Meetup.com is a perfect place to find groups that share a technical minded enthusiasm.  Join those groups, and use the social circles to find your first better job.  Then go from there.  It's not that this world is any harder than before, it's that my generation and those after have difficulty socializing in order to gain higher ground.

It's not about what you know, it's about who you know.  If you have both the what AND the who - you go UP pretty fucking quick. 




 I'm 30 and have a house paid off, about to buy a second.  Took 5 years to pay this one off.  It's all about not being lazy, not taking shit from others, and putting all of your extra money into your house.  As well as not being an untalented McDonalds worker. 




 [Like rip-starting a lawn mower](http://i.imgur.com/3PnSY.jpg) 




 Applied mathematics, string theory, etc. 




 Ehhhhh.  This would be much more useful if it contained a library of known strings, randomization of 'browser plugin' info, etc.  Grabbing from a list in a text file is pretty easily done with a file open. Not sure it needs to be broken out into a library.  




 Yeah but, where can we buy it?  




 Haha, after you got done kissing her for the last time after the proposal, you almost clocked PeeWee.  You can see him narrowly miss your arm. 




 X-Posted on the 3D Printing G+ Community here: https://plus.google.com/+AnthonyMorris/posts/UWwXHANrQfG 




 MakerBots are _GARBAGE_ DO_NOT_BUY. 




  I am a vegetarian because I will absolutely not allow any of my money to support the industry that makes this holocaust possible.

I'm sorry, but you should _really really_ dig deep into where you buy from then.  There's so much cross pollination even on family farms.  (Where they buy their fertilizer from, etc.) - There is almost no possible way short of growing your own food that you're not contributing in some manner. 




 Ellen? 




 It's not a repost because it's not the same content.  It's related, but it's not a *repost*. 




 FUCK DA POLICE! 




  as long as you keep the Hardkernel supplied kernel and u-boot

Honestly, this is a problem for me.  I'm always on the edge as far as kernel updates go, and for whatever reason, having a device that isn't on the very latest release of the kernel drives me crazy. 




 Warning: Coating ~~will~~ may cause cancer. 




 Oh piss off.  Where are all the people who are complaining about people not turning their lights on in the rain.  Where are all the people complaining about drivers paying more attention to their fucking cell phone?

Oh no, someone passed you - quit driving like a bitch and get over yourself.  The reason you were cut off is likely because you were hovering next to some guy doing 10mph under the limit.  Stop driving like a pussy, pussy. 




 Vapor smoothing of ABS parts so they look better. 




 They're good motors then - Not much more I can think of that could be causing this. 




 "High torque" tells me nothing about the motors.  What matters is how many ohms the coils are.  They should be motors that are "rated" for 2-4v, with 1-3ohm coils.

Also, drivers should be set according to vref/motor amperage rating.

So for example, if you've got 1.5A capable motors, on a A4988 they would be set to a vref of 1.05 (A4988s can't generally handle this without overheating though) (0.7x vref on an A4988, 0.5x vref on a DRV8825)

Your acceleration at 3000mm/s^2 isn't bad, it's actually somewhat low - so you shouldn't be seeing too many artifacts.  If 2500mm/s^2 lowers the amount of ripples, it's possible you've got some resonance going on though. 




 Make sure your stepper drivers are set correctly, you could be dropping down to what amounts to a lower microstepping amount due to incorrectly paired motors or too low of a motor current.

Also, lowering your acceleration can occasionally help with this if the effect seems to disappear towards the other edge.

Additionally, make sure your hot end isn't wobbling in whatever affixes it to the carriages.  Hot end wobble can cause this as well. 




