 I have to go now. I have a funny feeling in my pants. 




 Looks like of like the kanji for "fire" -  




 an actual gamepad makes gaming on mobile suck so much less. Touch input sucks. Kind of obvious when we have mobile games play themselves.. 









 Geocaching. It's fun, free and gets me outdoors 




 The God particle and the higgs boson machine. I can't wrap my head around quantum mechanics and the related advancements. Things like the multiverse theory are mind bottling. 




 People who describe themselves as "brutally honest" - i.e. no acknowledgement that tact and sensitivity are a thing. 




 Floppy ear. Fluffy chest. Fuzzy paws. Yup, it checks out he's awesome. 




 Bumblebees are the best. Always flying into things and falling off of things. Aptly named bees. 









 That list is based on the 80 Nations survey... 




 THE GODFATHER - "I BELIEVE IN AMERICA. AMERICA HAS MADE MY FORTUNE." 




 Apocalypse Now  Willards Drunken State 




 Way too staged. Even the back ground looks like a cloth drop 




 This just makes the trash-panda funeral so much more heart-breaking. 




 It takes a conscious effort for me to get drunk and even then it usually doesnt work -- I just dont get why people like the taste of alcohol 














 Eragon. Oh my god that thing was a piece of shit. 




 "I've got a sinking feeling about this trip" 




 That's actually really cool of the zoo. 




 Well at least neither of them have two arms. 














 Take a walk outside. 




 Vending machines kill four times as many people as sharks do every year. 




 "That's my boy!"-that dog from Tom and Jerry 




 Gay friendly beach. 




 I need another human to feed me this ones gone bonkers! 














 Thanks for putting this together for us to laugh at OP 




 more like champ son takes fan dad to see movie again 




 more like champ son takes fan dad to see movie again 




 Kenneth Parcell from 30 Rock 




 [Uncle Sam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Sam) 









 I almost drowned when I was 18. Was drunk and peed to a ship dock and fell in. I tried to swim to surface but heavy bag I had on pulled me deeper. I gave up and was kind of content and wanted to go to sleep and stop struggling. I remember being kind of annoyed when a coworker who had jumped after me dragged me to surface. I just wanted to go to sleep. 




 it could be a few things 

Flu 
or something more serious like diabetes 

when i found out i was diabetic i had the same symptoms . everything tasted salty or rusty. I even woke up in the middle of the night vomiting in my sleep. 




