 We just went on lunch break. When we walked past each other in the hall she said, "geev me a hug Yianni mou." We are very cool with each other. We just bicker a lot. We were more laughing at my stupidity.  




 I'm not going to deny that I'm a jackass as well as my manager but I just showed the post and your comment to Seva and she cracked up and asked me what was up your ass. We're like family where I work. Don't be such a sandy vag.  




 So this lady I work with named Seva is hella Greek. She speaks English with a heavy accent and a lot of the time if I say a word with more than two syllables she will look at me like I'm crazy and say "Whass dees means?"
Friday she was looking at her pay stub and kept asking me what does PTO mean. I thought she meant to say POT (paid overtime) but she kept insisting it said PTO. Even got a bit aggressive but we argue all the time so  used to her flying off the handle. 
My manager, who is also Greek but has an American accent, walks in and asks what all the commotion is about. I looked at him and said, "Nothing. Seva is just dyslexic as fuck." I expected her to not know what it meant and just give me a crazy look but instead she just went ape shit. She started by yelling "I'm not dyslexic!" Then went off in Greek for about 30 seconds just throwing insult after insult. I couldn't understand most of it because she was talking so fast but I did hear her call me a jerk off, tell me to go to hell and go fuck myself, then finished off by calling me a stupid American. 
Turns out dyslexia is a Greek word lol. And that pretty much how I found out that narcissist is a Greek word as well. 
My manager and I got a kick out of it. It's always funny when she gets worked up and loses her shit. 
TL;DR called a Greek dyslexic thinking she wouldn't understand. Turns out it's a Greek word. 
Seva and I are very close and she was not offended by what I said. We go back and forth like that at least twice a day but it's all love.  




 Loose ends were all tied. It was more of a cop out it seems. He said there was no Emily. Ties it up but definitely blows when she was pretty much the whole effing story.  




 Where da white women at?! 




