 Everything Everything can best be described as Prog Pop but critics will label them as Art Rock. The band says they skew more pop. Whatever it is, its a smorgasbord of everything you know you didnt want to hear in music. The Lyrics are provocative and the music straddles the border of the most progressive to the catchiest of pop hooks. A must listen! 









 Thanks for the praise! You'll hate the name of our stout then. "Mint Chocolate Girl Stout". American Stout with fresh mint and chocolate. 




 Brew partner provided a thorough guide! 




 Naranja is Spanish for the color orange. Hops for the IPA cept we spelled it with a 'j' because it has an 'h' sound in Spanish! 









 Victory screech!!! 




 Why not? 




 great. I have never felt passionate about a candidate before and for the first time, I am extremely excited about backing somebody who could bring about the progress we need with a track record to prove it. Working to spread the word as well as support as much as I can for my state.  




 I am very new to this. Never declared a party. I am 100% behind Bernie and just sent in my affiliation for NJ. Are candidates really not voted on until next June?  




 Donated and got a sticker. I've never given a single thought to backing a politician in my life but here is to firsts. Bernie has my vote. 




 is there an active link to purchase this shirt? 




 Hey Andr. Love your remixes and originals a bunch! What is your process for making another artists song your own? How do you conceptualize a remix from start to finish? Cheers. 









 Do you feel that art has helped you understand the known or unknown universe at all? If so, how? 




 An audible gasp was what escaped my mouth when I heard the news. A legend. He will be missed big time but man, what a life he led. Rest easy, Sir.  




 He finally got the screentime to show us all that he is a jolly dude. Love that guy. 




 was studying abroad and my trip to Amsterdam was about a week away. I asked my friends to help me out. They obliged. I didn't inhale properly and it didn't work but once I figured it out that European Dominos tasted pretty good.  




 I work in music distribution on the retail side of things. I've been lucky enough to work both at major labels and indie labels. People are buying records more than you think so thank you to everyone who supports artists and by association, the people like us who work for them. It is part of my job to get familiar with every DMS (digital music service) as to better cater our content to their consumers. 

I am a Spotify power user. I love Spotify. It is my choice for on demand streaming. There are tons of great alternatives that essentially provide the same benefits like Deezer, now soft launching in the US, Rdio, Google Play All Access, Tidal, Guvera and many more. 

While I use Spotify for the endless amounts of curated mixes for any mood, genre, decade, (not to mention pick   curate my own playlists) I use Google Play Access to store all of my owned and downloaded content in the cloud. This way I can listen to anything I own that may not be available for streaming. Google also has an a la carte download model akin to iTunes. 

A new service called MixRadio (formally Nokia Music) is what I use for personalized algorithmic based playlists. Users get 6 skips and it is ad supported but the amount of music I have learned from using this service has amazed me ever since its launch. It learns your likes and dislikes better than most all other services IMO. Definitely give it a try.

Other stores like eMusic are totally different. They have a tiered subscription model for members. Each tier allows customers to buy a certain dollar amount of music a month. $11.99 a month gives you roughly 25 song downloads at $.69 - $.99 a track or 3-4 full albums. The plans range from amount to amount but prices are very competitive to combat iTunes leading download store market share. 

End of the day, it is what works for you. As long as you consume music in a way that is convenient all while supporting the artists and business people behind the scenes, its all good. Happy listening! 

edit: spelling 




 Yup - that is weed.  




 They probably wrote him out of the show at this point tbh. I would like them to return, however. There are so many storylines that need love i.e. Brotherhood Without Banners.  




 A king or high lord could make it happen 




 By Bran's burden I mean his journey.  He is beyond the wall with the Reeds to learn what the three eyed raven is about, the significance of his visions and who 'the children' and how they can help. Not to mention honing his warg ability. Probably a host of other things but those are probably some of the most important bits.  




 You smart smart human, you  




