 Thanks. Yeah I love the phantom cases they look great 




 It smells amazing. Stinks out the whole room/cave 




 Mainly keep it away from the dogs and off the carpet  




 i know its not the best battle station out there but its the one i call my own 









 stuff like that makes me happy 




 i purchased yesterday it just showed up on my wishlist was 80% off... could not say no to that. pretty sure its still going on (i'm in AUS if it makes a difference) 




 random question but anyone think farming simulator will be cheaper then it already is? my SO would like it 




 Spent $4 on left 4 dead 2 




 What about the guy at the back. He has three dolls by the look of it. Is is that one doll taking her doll on a date? I just don't know anymore  




 Does that one kid have pancake mix? That's me at a party 




 Did not know that. But it kinda makes sense I guess 









 276 thank you :) 




 Order macaroons with no Sugar. Gerald is on a diet 




 Ghostbusters  




 The witcher 3 wild hunt please :) thanks for the giveaway 




 i do a similar thing but i pick up random cars and drop them next to/ onto people in the game. looks funny when your driving around next thing you know random car from nowhere  




 i have a strix 970 and it works great. no problems with cooling or anything 




 sorry but i don't agree... you can't help who you fall in love with 




 agree saw this a while ago 




 i need friends... 




 congratulations!! I just sent $25 into your paypal (first name James), all the way from Australia! hope you enjoy and i hope you become the first actual millionaire from this subreddit :)  




 if I did this I would clap quite a bit... 




 /r/theydidthemath 

I applaud you 




 Pretend like you know what you're doing.

pretty much sums up my life 




 pretty much post lots of comments that i think are funny and other people don't. Then one day, one magical day! i might get some upvotes 




 i'm always that guy 




 congrats! I think i've done the same challenge just made it through mad mex? 




