 The boot water one is a typical southernism. It's said a lot. 




 And then he gave you pushups if the apology was halfassed. 




 Your mother is so corpulent, when she sits around the magnificantly appointed Tuscan villa, she sits *around* the magnificantly appointed Tuscan villa. 




 Not a lawyer, but I like stepping in.

Parents are charged with the upbringing of their children. Making sure they are safe, don't leave the house at night, that they go to school, etc.

Because of this certain rights normally afforded to persons are less available.

Children have the right to free speech, without much interference from the government, but certain speech (like standing on your desk and cussing out the teacher) is disruptive to other students. As such, you may be punished for such behavior.

But parents have the right to punish for practically any behavior, as long as that punishment is not abusive. If you don't want your child to say the word "moist", you can tell them no dessert when they say it. You can also refuse to let them wear certain brands of clothing, certain styles, or makeup,  as it is up to you to raise them properly.

You should probably sit down with your child at some point to calmly explain why you don't want them to wear a Marilyn Manson shirt, though.

As for privacy, they have certain reasonable expectations of privacy, such as not being watched while they shower or not putting sensors on their bed to see if they have a lover with them or other creepy stuff. But you have to be able to do things like see if they are hiding pornography or drugs, and many parents do things like laundry and cleaning, so going through his underwear drawer every once in a while is allowable. Promise him that you will treat him more like an adult and limit such searches to when you have a reason to think something is wrong.

Tell him that you can't allow him to lock the door with anything more than a privacy lock (like they have on bathrooms, where you can unlock it with a coin or something), just in case you need to help him, and promise that you won't barge in needlessly.

You son will want more and more privacy from you, especially as he matures into sexuality, and it is your job to make sure he understands that you will give it to him within reason.

~ a son of a single mother, who probably made her just as tired as yourself 




 If we are number 2, I weep for the rest of the country. 




 Actually, it's a wearable suit, so it is basically 1:1 




 [I like you, Joker! Why don't you come back to my place and you can fuck my sister!](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_2kjisMm3M9Y/SWcqngsLLZI/AAAAAAAAHkA/ye65yqJh7Uo/s400/R+Lee+Ermey.jpg) 




 Jared: The Walmart of Jewelry. 




 Technically coffee is much cheaper. I'd be more angry if they were to charge me $9 on the off chance I want a latte, but I don't drink coffee, so there is that aspect. 




 I'll be honest. I've never actually seen how much the tanks of CO2 and the bags of syrup cost.

I wasn't privy to operating costs at the restaurant, and the hotel I work now (where I do see a lot of these expenses) doesn't order fountain sodas.

Http://Pdco.com/node/88289 uses a $50 estimate for a 5 gallon Bag in a Box, but they forget to include the carbonation.

Their estimate is that a 5 gal BiB will yield ~3780 oz, at a total cost of 1.32 cents per oz. A 20 Oz soda, with ice costs about 12 cents, plus the cost of washing said cup, if at a dine-in, or the cost of a throwaway cup in fast food. Their final estimate, without refills, is 22 cents.

*But*, when people fill their own drinks, they are more likely to put less ice and more product, increasing that estimate. 




 You might not be winning, but you are gaining. So at least you have that going for you. 




 Maybe, but when the drinks are literally free for you, you don't keep track of how much you drink.

Let's assume that one drink costs them $0.25 (syrup and carbonation). If you work 10 days and drink 4 drinks a day, they are losing money on your $9. 




 They are making electric cars right now, with the biggest hurdle being the lack of charging stations for them. Easily less than 75 years.

Fast charging, recyclable batteries? They are working on them now, and it's just a matter of scale. Maybe less than 75 years.

Asteroid Mining? If we could get a space program from barely getting humans above the atmosphere to landing on the fucking moon within a decade, then the only reason we can't figure out asteroid mining is pure laziness. 




 That's the problem. The climate change advocates are saying shit will start happening in not just our lifetime, but our generation... in the same decade.

How are we supposed to take them seriously, when they do this? 




 I guarantee you that everyone you know today, with very few exceptions, will be dead before 2115, barring a major technological leap. 




 Of that were true, why bother trying to convince us they are right?

Or is their ego just that big that they would rather be the one saying "I told you so" from Hell rather than "I was wrong" from Heaven (metaphorically speaking) 




 Well, isn't one of the biggest problems in the world overpopulation? Sounds to me like that problem will be solved in your scenario. 




 When I worked at Denny's, a long time ago, they instituted that kind of policy.

Why? Because everyone from the bus boys to the cooks was ordering "mistakes" on the meals. It wasn't "a few scumbags", it was the whole crew. 




 If you drink one 20oz soda a day, 5 days a week, you are spending around $15-20 a paycheck. So, $9 isn't bad at all.

Are they still profiting? Yes. Is it "gouging" you? No. 




 Do any of the individual actors *need* to be there?

If even Carrie Fischer was unavailable for some reason, could she not have been either written out or recast?

If Daniel was available, why not put him in the movie? 




 Everyone seems to forget that the original Obi-Wan was glad he got to die in Episode 4 because he hated the dialogue. 




 No, that you included that travesty "On Her Majesty's Secret Service"

But seriously, the joke for it was solid 




 I wish I had that option. So many of our cash paying guests are literal whores. 




 What is your take on global warming? 




 That is true.

But there is a huge difference between changing things like place names, dialog (Barret's *was* very "angry black man"), or even subplots, but the very basics have to remain the same.

Cloud is a Sephiroth Clone, Sephiroth wants to destroy the world with Meteor, and Aerith dies. 




 Yeah, so they're on a plane, and the plane goes down, and they wake up on an island. They try to get off the island, but bad people are trying to keep them on the island, nothing is ever really explained and there are these numbers that to this day no one understands...

And that's why they called it Lost. 




 The best part about fucking twenty one year old girls?

There are twenty of them! 




 Tell that to the Pirate Bay people. 




  Anything that harasses, bullies, or abuses an individual or group of people.

I think this is the problem many people have.

Hardcore feminists look at anything spoken by a Men's Rights Activist as bullying to women, including calls for true equality.

Similarly, MRAs find it to be bullying behavior for Feminists to call for men to constantly "check their privilege"

Ultimately it becomes a pissing contest over who is the bigger bully, resulting in a lopsided ruling on one group being okay and the other group being banned.

Take the fat people hate sub. If you are offended by people making fun of fat people, then why are you looking through /r/fatpeoplehate? (For the record, I'm a chunky guy, and don't approve of the sub, but damn it... it should be allowed to be there as long as they don't break the law)

I get that Reddit is not a strictly American community, but we have a saying here. "I may not like what you have to say, but I will *die* to protect your right to say it."

So, my question is this. Can you not make it so "hateful" subreddits are not visible on /r/all or /r/random, and limit the bans solely to material that is against the law?   




 If the only witness was a cop, you can bet dollars to donuts that it was the arresting officer.

If the prosecution called any other cop *without* calling the arresting officer, then there is something wrong with the case to begin with.  




 I've never heard of the OnePlus One.  




 Why don't you just *get it*, man? 




 Yeah, but he wanted me to hold the room with his first name, an incomplete address, and a promise to pay cash later. 




 Best Samsung mobile device ever!  




 To be fair, asking questions is a part of research.

They haven't bought the Samsung yet, so they don't know if there are games. Most mobile game commercials hype the iOS version, with a growing number stating it is on Google Play.

If this is his/her first smartphone, then it is reasonable enough to ask. And the appropriate answer is "yes". Not "let me laugh at you".

Now, the dipshit that got pedantic about whether she meant "Android" or "Samsung" (then talks about high-end, similarly priced to iPhone, Android devices, which are mostly Samsung). We all knew what she really meant. Should I get the iPhone 6, or the Galaxy S6? 




 It's busy this week. We have an FFA convention in town, so the rooms have been booked for some time now,  with very little availability left.

This guy, that must not have ever rented a hotel room in his life, calls to get a room for check in as soon as he gets into town...

Idiot Guy: Can I get a room for Today and Friday?

Me: I'm sorry, but we don't have a room available for tonight.

Idiot: Okay, what about just tomorrow?

Me: $149.95 for tomorrow...

Idiot: Are you sure I can't pay a little extra and get the room today?

Me: No, you can't. We don't have rooms today.

Idiot: Okay, I'll get it for tomorrow, what do I need?

Me: Okay, can I get your name?

Idiot: Idiot...

Me: Last Name?

Idiot: Idiot...

Me: Your whole name, please?

Idiot: Idiot Guy, sorry.

Me: That's okay. What is your address?

Idiot: (rattles off fast) 1234 San Antonio 78230

Me: I'm sorry, what was the street address?

Idiot: 1234... that's my apartment number.

Me: I need your whole street address, please.

Idiot: NW Military 1234.

Me: (you can probably see the vein in my head) What is the street number?

Idiot: Oh, I don't know. It's "Some Apartment Complex I've Never Heard Of"... here let me give you the address on my ID. (Gives an address that I can actually send mail if I need to.)

Me: Okay, and what kind of credit card can I use to guarantee the room?

Idiot: I'm just going to pay when I come in.

Me: No, we need a credit card.

Idiot: Okay, can I use my friend's card for that, I'm just going to pay cash.

Me: That's fine, but we will be authorizing that card in the morning before your arrival.

Idiot: (pause) I'll call you back with it. 









 Butters is just an incredibly gullible kid who will do anything a friend tells him to do.

Remember when he became a pimp? 




 Potential for development around 10N, 156W (south of Hawaii) and 7N, 101W (South of Mexico, behind Dolores)

I just want to see if I'm right, and don't want to forget. 




 Low-lands! Lowlands awaaaaaay 




 It's just a bullshit platitude to say that God doesn't actually do anything. You have to do it for yourself.  




 Dude. He doesn't drive a motorctcle. 




 Gotta get the hope, get the hope to go OOoooOooOn! 




 You forgot [Zune Man](https://youtu.be/mzRBtToSarE) 




 The answer? Maybe.

Do your due diligence on the specific deal, if it interests you.

If it is a scam, then it will be a shittily made watch that costs less than the shipping and handling fee. If it is real, they probably are only giving away a small number, and the others will be sold at a premium. 




 Just ask yourself a simple question. 

Did I call or email myself recently? 




  The spirit of Super Sentai is what makes them a sentai.

The thing that causes me pause is whether the Extra Heroes, like Mele, Rio, and Hyuuga, are "sentai" or not. The wiki lists these persons as sentai-like heroes that are similar to Rangers, but aren't.

But, at the same time, they *do* have Ranger Keys, or are otherwise tied to Sentai Grand Powers.

The one thing that they share with Jin and Juicy is the fact that they are mostly either alien or mechanical. Jin being an extra-dimensional Avatar and Juicy being a robot indicates that they *might* be Extra Heroes, and not Rangers.

However, they call themselves Rangers, so maybe that's enough?

It's maddening. Maybe it's just a thread that shouldn't be tugged on too hard. 




 He's quoting the movie in a funny way. 




 I don't know. I remember hearing about that capability, but I am having trouble finding the specific article now.

But it isn't like I'm saying something controversial, and we know at the very least that Windows 10 devices will stream to each other. 




 Jury Nullification is a very necessary part of our system.

But for conviction, you need a unanimous verdict. For acquittal, you don't. While the prosecution can retry the case, they won't do that if they think the same result is likely.

And because of the way Nullification works, judges and prosecutors generally won't ask you about it during voir dire, as it can inject the idea in your mind.

If you have a convincing reason as to why you should be let off, and the crime was light enough, *and* you convinced a jury member already, then they aren't likely to continue pursuing the case. 

Obviously, if you can convince the entire jury, you're just out Scott free. 




 Most users don't *require* either. Let's get that straight.

I want one so I can effectively slap a big screen TV on the wall without the problems associated with buying and installing a big screen TV.

And both systems can do big screen equivalents. The difference being that with HoloLens, I can see when my roommate walks into the room.

HoloLens will be able to do VR with a single, simple upgrade... a black visor to blot out surroundings. Oculus would require some doing to get AR, but it isn't impossible.

I'm not saying that these are identical products. But one is [this kind of toaster]( http://www.kirbysupply.com/Images/APW_Wyott/AT_Express.jpg) and the other is [this kind of toaster](http://ak1.ostkcdn.com/images/products/6636079/6636079/Black-Decker-Stainless-Steel-Six-slice-Toaster-Oven-P14200190.jpg)

Both will make toast (act as a way of interfacing directly with a computer), but they will do it differently. And you'll probably only buy one of them. 




 The problem he has is the fact that many people *want* to work full time, but their bosses don't want then to.  




 But they never realize that ~~tattooing~~ treating people like cogs is exactly why they have a huge turnover. 

Edit - stupid phone keyboard... 




 That is part of it. Black Lady is a combination of evil intent and childish aspirations. 




 I can tell you what *doesn't* happen.

The entire crust of the earth is not going to suddenly and violently flip around in opposition to normal plate tectonics. 




 The point of Jury Nullification is to say "the crime shouldn't be a crime"

You could technically get away with murder if you can convince 1 juror that you were justified, or simply that you're too good looking to go to jail.

For a case like this, it is very easy to convince at least 1 older person, who knows or knew someone with a dibilitating illness, that what you did shouldn't be a crime. 




 Just a winning ticket in the Genetic Lottery. 




 TIL people *really* hate geese. 




 Jerry had such great hair. Not anymore.

I'm just glad my hair will never leave me.  




 Soooo... that's a No for Baka and Test? 




 There is always Haruna and Michiru.  




 It would be an excellent tension breaker.

Have Goku call a time out in his fight with Frieza, set up a dainty tea table with some scones. 




 For me, Flash has been dead for centuries. 




 Actually, the HoloLens will be able to interact with a Laptop or Desktop PC to act as a display, in that situation, the on board processors would work with the PC processors and make a more powerful unit. 




 No, they're removing all EU material from canon, and only reintroducing elements that fit the new canon material. 




 The Yankees are kind of ingrained in the area. 




 It isn't that NYC became a No Man's Land, it's that New Jersey took it over after World War III. 




 But saying that Juliet's father's name is "Capulet" is like saying Stan's father's name is "Marsh" 




 I had to scroll down so far for this answer.

That man could be describing the flavor of toast and it'd be interesting. 




 I agree with you that Oculus will be quite inferior in the field of Augmented Reality, but the fact remains that the companies will be competing with each other. 




 If it costs $10M, and literally 10 people need it in the whole world, then yes. $1M a dose is a valid price.

But there is no disease that I've ever heard of where only 10 people in the entire world have it.

Giving a more realistic "low-ball" number of 100,000 people (we are including people in the future that might need it), that means each dose would be worth about $100 in R D.

The few people that need a particular drug, the more likely it will either not be researched or given away for free as an act of goodwill (and subsidized by higher costs on a drug that is needed by more people) 




 You shouldn't go that route.

You should go with Jury Nullification.

You force a jury trial, get up on the stand, and your lawyers gets to ask you questions like... 

"what do you need this medicine for?" I have chronic asthma, and if I don't have it, I'll die.

"What is your prescribed dosage?" 500mg

 "What is the dosage you ordered?" 500mg

 "why did you choose to order this way?" Because this medicine would have cost me $300 a month with insurance. I bought it from a European market that was selling it for about $30.

"Why do you think this is okay?" Because I shouldn't have to go broke just to stay alive. 




 I guarantee you that because the Oculus will be operating using a PC, and the HoloLens *is* a PC, they will share a not insignificant amount of uses and content.

And I'll be willing to bet that within a year there will be an Oculus-mounted camera attachment that allows for AR gaming/programs, modded by fans, if not made by the company.  




 Hell, I used to read Shakespeare, and for the life of me, I don't think they ever *told* us the names of the Capulet or Montegue patriarchs. 




 Because 9 times it of 10, the statistics used to make those lists use false numbers anyway. 




 Super Sentai is wholly about whether they have a Giant Robo.

Himitsu Sentai Goranger and J.A.Q.K. Daigenkitai are Sentai, Battle Fever J was the first Super Sentai.

But I'm not talking about the Meta-reasoning as much as the in-universe reasoning. What makes DekaRed, GokaiGreen, Clover King, ToQ-3gou, or MammothRanger "Sentai", but not Kamen Rider groups, like Kabuto's Kamen Rider System?

Do individuals, like Space Sheriff Gavan and Kamen Rider Black share the same connection to the spirit of Super Sentai? Is it something inherent to the group dynamic, or is it the desire to protect others?

It's not a simple question to ask, let alone answer. 




 While I'm not a fan of rap albums, these covers are well done. 




 Well, a guy who has gamed for a long time might use anachronistic slang. It'd be like how we use catchphrases from Psych, Evil Dead, Spaceballs, or Star Wars. 




 It is a competitor, even if they are going after different userbases.

Just like the Xbox One is a competitor to PS4, despite one system focusing on games like Halo, and the other focusing on games like Watch_Dogs.

The primary uses of both the Oculus and the HoloLens will be game playing and watching movies... some of them will involve people wearing clothes. 




 That would be pictures of your own hooters, shot from above. 




 I should name my band "Naked 15 Year Old Girls" 




 Not only that, but a 17 year old engaging in sex acts on camera and sending them out is distributing child pornography. 




 I hate to say this, but if that's how you interpret this image, you are the one that has a problem.

But, even if this was a racist attempt at saying that Jews are pigs, it isn't saying "men are pigs", nor is it saying "men should be slaughtered like pigs". 




 But there were other instances of Extra Heroes that were not considered Sentai that fought with the teams. 

Ninjaman, BullBlack Hyuuga, Signalman, and others were undoubtedly part of the team, but were not classified as members. Some were human (Hyuuga), some were monsters (Rio and Mele), and some were robots or golems (Ninjaman).

The confusion comes from the fact that there isn't much difference between the main members of a team and an Extra Hero.

Reading further into it, it is possible that the power to transform is something that can be claimed by anyone, but that it is a connection to the planet that makes them Sentai (at which point even the Extra Heroes would count) 




 http://i.imgur.com/9uj0w.gif 




 It's just a thought I had regarding the characters. Beet Buster (Jin) is an Avatar projected by a Buddyroid (Beet J Stag). Because of this, his transformation sequence is linked directly to Stag Buster's and he can not transform outside of his presence.

So, is there even a need, outside of aesthetics, to transform? Does the power of a Sentai come from some mystical planetary force (as shown in Gokaiger), from the power of the human spirit,  or is it something that just can be created, taken, or duplicated at will (as Enter seemed to be able to do)? 




 Saliva is mildly antiseptic, so there is that, but with your mouth you are able to get in close to where the proper place to cut is where a tool might be guessing at it.

Though, yes. They probably could develop a tool that doesn't involve goat teabagging. 




 RemindMe! 10 hours "Not really." 




 I would argue that the flux capacitor *has* to be some sort of alternative to a regular capacitor for one reason.

The bolt of lightning from 1955 to send Marty back to the future had to be funneled directly into the FC for the time travel to go off.

My thought is that the time circuits set a direction and power for the flux capacitor to discharge, giving the appropriate amount of power into the quantum drive (they never explain what exactly allows the car to travel through time) and allowing it to pinpoint it's arrival time to the second. 




 The only thing that truly matters. 




 Everyone else talks about how she looks, you talk about fashion...

I hate to tell you this, bro... But I found the gay one. 




 I think I have a problem... the part that ticked me off was when Ginny and Hermione got to their beds in the same dorm room....

They're in different years! Their beds wouldn't be in the same room. 




 I simply assumed that a flux capacitor was an engineering device, designed to hold and discharge the massive amount of energy required to engage the quantum drive, and go backward or forward through time.

As for Biff dying, it was confirmed by Word of God (Bob Gale) that Lorraine shot and killed Alternate Biff in 1995, after she learned that he killed George. 




 When people care about Warcraft? ^^I ^^kid, ^^I ^^kid. 




 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back...

 A Jay and Silent Bob *Movie*? Who would pay to watch that?!

 *Ben, Jason, and Kevin look derisively at the camera, Kevin grins wide* 




 Partyman! Partyma-an! Rock a party like nobody ca-an! 




 Yes, it does. But because the narrative toward girls is that they have to work harder to catch up to boys (whether it is true or not), they tend to study harder and follow directions more closely. 




 From [the abstract on this study](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/j.2168-9830.2001.tb00629.x/abstract)... "Gender and Ethnicity Differences in Freshmen Engineering Student Attitudes: A Cross-Institutional Study"

 Definite gender differences were found on the pre-survey for five of the attitude measures. For all but one of these measures, female engineering students' initial attitudes were more negative than those of male students. Across the sample of institutions, female students consistently began their engineering studies with a lower confidence in background knowledge about engineering, their abilities to succeed in engineering, and their perceptions of how engineers contribute to society than did their male counterparts. However, those same female students were more comfortable with their study habits than were the male students. The post questionnaire data indicated that differences for three of these five attitude measures persisted. Most important, female engineering students continued to maintain a lower confidence in their abilities to succeed in engineering as compared to male engineering students. When the PFEAS data were mapped into EC 2000 outcomes, comparable cross-institutional gender differences were observed that paralleled those found for the attitudinal measures.

The study in question showed girls lacked confidence in their knowledge of the subject compared to boys, but (not paradoxically) were more confident in their study habits. My (admittedly layman) assessment is that girls compensate for perceived weakness in a subject by studying harder, which naturally boosts their final performance. 




 Though, I'd be wanting to give a kid more tutoring if his answer was 123 "because Maleketh, the Destroyer of Worlds, deemed it so." 




 I love comics, since they have a unique ability of fueling the imagination by seeding the mind with the imagery, but leaving the voice and interactions to you.

A good comic book is much more concise than a good book, as it is generally less bogged down with descriptive exposition. It also lends itself easier to episodic release, allowing the reader time to reflect on each part (at the pitfall of ruining the enjoyment of marathon reading.) 




 Spider-Man *does* dodge pretty much every bullet, with most exceptions being, well, shenanigans.

And the Flash *glorifies* the idea, since most of his powers are things like vibrating fast enough to rip a hole through dimensions.

But let me be clear. I *love* Superman. I don't care that some of his powers [don't make](https://youtu.be/FGVyXmiLOVc) [any sense.](https://youtu.be/XiN0Lwvi7CA) I enjoy them, but I enjoy pointing them out.

I'm there to have fun, and enjoy the show.  




 Ultimately, some of the techniques used are valid, and some of them are not. Some are only better in certain situations (addition of strings of larger or more complex numbers, like your example, is one where that isn't bad thing). But some people just have a knack for numbers, and they don't need to completely separate the tens place from the ones place when they do their subtraction.

Our classes need to cater to the *student's* learning. 




 If I run through a mental shortcut for that problem, I'll do (37-20+1), which yes, is part of the basis for common core math, but not really the same thing.

It was just a shortcut. We used to basically memorize simple number interaction. 17-9=8. Not 17-9=8 because 9 is 1 less than 10, so 17-10+1. 




 It was just one of the first articles I found on a search for "common core math"

The point is there was nothing wrong with "adding" and "subtracting", there was nothing wrong with "borrowing" and "carrying over" a ten... there was nothing wrong with the old math.

But they needed to justify new text books, and here we are. 




 "Google Incorporation"

US company paying a lottery to a Danish citizen in British Pounds?

A lottery you never entered in the first place?

Seems legit. 




 Who is Abby? 




 It was actually a very good episode. 




 Yes. That's a thing.

[And it is stupid](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/373840/ten-dumbest-common-core-problems-alec-torres) 




 Just remember, the more you buy at the lower rate, the lower the price has to reach for an overall profit. 




 Yes, but one of those ripples would be the removal of the Almanac from the timeline, because Biff wasn't able to take it from the garbage can in 2015 and bring it back to himself. In fact, Marty himself should have disappeared because Doc in the alternate timeline was thrown in a mental facility and therefore never invented the time machine. 




 It is trackable. That's what the blockchain is.

It's actually more trackable than paper currency and coinage. The only "problem" is the hurdle in adoption by non-techsavvy individuals, who fail to grasp concepts like millionths of a coin.  




 Worse is this common core nonsense where you have to run through hoops for simple subtraction. (37-19, so 30-20=10 and 7+1=8, so 18.) 




 One of the goals of bitcoin is to become a global currency, meaning each individual coin would be worth not thousands, but millions of dollars.

So, a $315 current price is a lottery ticket. 




 Is no one going to mention the witchcraft of an animated advice animal?  




 You aren't wrong there, but teachers use it as an excuse. 




 Always a good choice. Totally expected because of the pop culture acceptance. 




 Income inequality isn't the problem. The problem is the fact that many people are below a living wage, and there is a difference there.

If only the laziest of fucks gets less than a living wage (as opposed to the hard workers that *are* out there working 40+ hours a week just to not be "poor"), then who gives a shit about the Warren Buffetts of the world?

The left is too invested in greedily clawing at the rich and not invested enough in improving the lower class through *meaningful* reform.

It isn't enough to tell my boss, "You make $100,000 a year, and I only make $18,000." You'd need to be able to get into the meat and bones and show him *why* $18,000 isn't enough. 




 Here is what bothers me.

BTTF - Marty goes back in time, changes history so his mom and dad don't hook up and almost immediately starts to disappear  (starting with his brother in the picture).

BTTF2 - Old Biff goes back in time, gives himself the Almanac, somehow makes it back to the original 2015 before he disappears from the timeline.

The problem is, the very act of going back in time and giving himself the almanac should have created the universe-destroying paradox that Doc was worried about. Because if Old Biff never existed, he never could have brought the Almanac back to 1955. 




 It's more basic than that. Women and girls increasingly are held to be in more need of help than men and boys, so in subjects where girls already outclass boys, the boys are held to the higher standard and fail for it.

Even some Math and Science classes grade on a curve, and use rules like showing your work as an excuse to mark boys down a little more. Boys, after all, are more likely to cut corners, and girls are more likely to follow direction better. 




 Pimp Vader 




 Yes, but would you be willing to accept the caption, "ran into a bunch of Warfs at the library"? 




 That's what the average person would call them. Only the nerdiest of people would worry about the different classifications of Imperial Stormtroopers. So, that would be forgivable.

Thinking that "Darth Vader" was the imperial name for anyone wearing a masked helmet, and not even getting that name right? I'm not convinced that this is even real. 




 Canon. Not cannon 




 Yes, but how many of them have the power of "whatever we feel like giving him"?

Most of the time Supes gets killed/defeated it's because of shenanigans. Why didn't he just fly up an blast the guy with his heat vision from a mile away, like he did in issue XX? Why didn't he vibrate himself fast enough that Whoever's weapon passes through him like he did in issue YY? Why would he be stupid enough to walk near any lead-lined case within a block of Lex Fucking Luthor, knowing that the madman has access to an impossible amount of kryptonite?

On that matter, the whole "can't see through lead" part is just silly. He's been shown seeing through dozens of heavy concrete walls, halfway across the country, meaning he is not actually using x-rays for his xray vision, but lead just happens to have the right configuration of atoms to stop it?

Superman is OP as fuck, but because of that he gets Worfed from time to time. 




 Spider-Man 2 was so good it belongs on that upper list. 




 It's about a 70% on the Tomatometer.

I don't think anyone expects this to be Captain America: The Winter Soldier (a movie so good that Honest Trailers straight up admitted it was a great film), but this is gonna be a fun romp. 




 Bond 




 [In Video format!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIVH8_JDP2I) 




 Hey, if I signed up to be an organ donor, then you can take my dying blood. 




 If you are exceptional at a craft, especially back in ancient times, you are prosperous. 




