 When you have people drunk driving 2, 3, 4, and 5 times - then obviously the answer is, in fact, harsher and more effective laws, rather than the current catch-and-release system where they pay a piddling fine and then just drive without a license for a year. 

When someone knows their staring down never having a license again, or a double-digit stay in prison, they reconsider their actions. If they can't reconsider their actions, they should be removed from where they can hurt others and themselves. 




 "became aggressive with the deputies, who used their stun guns to try to subdue him. The stun guns didn't work, and Dennis said Dinkins attempted to take one of the deputies' weapons."

If that's accurate, that's pretty impressive of the guy to not only endure the tazers but then also have the wherewithal to go for a gun *and* survive being shot.  









 I would say that's down to them being easily relatable, well-known characters. Everyone "knows" batman and superman and captain america, so you can spend more time telling story and less time doing (relatively) pointless exposition as to motive and origin.  




 culturally catastrophic to have the ephemera of a previous century squatting possessively on the cultural stage and refusing to allow this surely unprecedented era to develop a culture of its own, relevant and sufficient to its times.

I think this shows a supreme misunderstanding of what 21st century culture is: it's less a "let's invent new art!" and more a "let's remix and reimagine previous art in ways that were not conceived of when it was made." 

I guarantee you if you showed early comics creators something like Flashpoint Paradox or Gods and Monsters, they'd be totally aghast and state that they have nothing to do with such a vile thing. 

That said, Moore has always been a bit of a curmudgeon (to put it mildly!) and his work controversial. It's kind of his thing to be controversial. 




 [Another link with some more info](http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/detroit-city/2015/07/17/detroit-police-search-groups-sex-assaults/30316945/ )

Extremely aggressive, sadistic crimes.  




 Yeah i'm ready for 2017 already. The hype during 2016 is gonna be absolutely fuck-off insane, and i'm just dreading it. 




 You lock them up? You take away their license - *forever* - and lock them up if they repeat offend. 

I do not see why solving drunk driving is any more difficult than solving armed robbery or assault. You catch someone breaking the law, you punish them, if they show the least proclivity to re-offend you throw them back in until they get sense or their to old to be a threat.  









 Yep. [Sweden's roads are incredibly safe](http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/02/economist-explains-16) - 3 per 100K vs. 11.4 per 100K for the US. Good design, good laws, a focus on safety - all things the US sorely lacks. 




 Would only need to be about a week. Could do it in PE or health class instead of covering stupid shit. 




 I can't ever understand why someone would kill three kids. I mean it's not like that happens by accident or that they didn't have time to think about it. Just unthinkable to me. 




 if a person's shown they can't be trusted to be around vehicles, then they need to be removed from society for everyone's protection. They want to avoid that? Great, don't break the fucking law. No one *needs* do drink and drive. No one *needs* to drive without a license. 

I don't give a fuck what someone's inner world is like or if they redeem themselves in the eyes of everyone they let down. I care if they engage in behavior that endangers others for *literally no good reason*.  




 We could start treating driving as a privilege (which it is) instead of as a right (Which it is not), and tell people that there's now zero tolerance for DUI. You drive drunk, no license for you, ever, with absolutely zero tolerance. Get caught driving without a license, 20 years in lockup, no parole. 

in 2013, *10 thousand fucking people* died in america due to drink driving. More than three 9/11's. Hitting some drunk with a thousand dollar fine and a slap on the wrist isn't cutting it. We need to treat drunk driving as the serious public health risk it is.

And before any drunk-splainers show up to say how it'd "ruin some poor guy's life" to not be able to drive around, tough shit. The thousands of dead people's lives are gone, not ruined, and them and their loved ones the people you should be concerned for, not drunks. 









 legit: i went to buy some fucking thin mints off some girl scouts and they were like "we're out" and i said "That's fucking great" under my breath, and told them i was good then, thanks.

I was anything but good. 




 My brother and i were unloading a motorcycle engine for his harley from a pickup truck. 

I tell him "we don't have a crane or anything, we'll have to make some kind of makeshift lift to get it out of the truck and then into the garage"

he says "i'll carry it." Picks up the fucking engine, grunts, and *walks it into the garage* about thirty feet away and then sets it down. I was both impressed and mildly horrified.

He also does metal casting, and sometimes pours enormous (gallon+) containers of boiling metal by himself, with the only safety precaution being someone else there in case he pours molten metal all over his legs by accident. So far, so good on accidents, though. 




 Until we get serious about drunk driving, these types of incidents will continue to happen with alarming frequency 




 Could be someone ex-military, certainly. Whoever it is their pretty good with a gun and good at concealing themselves to fire, which takes training, practice, and forethought, all things i'd associate with someone in the military. 




 Beautifully drawn, good detail. 









 I was a little surprised, as well, honestly. 




 there's a few options, here, that would make sense:

1. His parents had some kind of magic worked on him before he was born, that made him as he is in terms of being able to do magic. If this is intentional or not is up to you.

2. He was kidnapped by a (evil? merely insane?) wizard and experimented on, leaving him changed in a fundamental way. His parents were able to have him rescued (or, he rescued himself, or they paid a ransom, or what have you)

3. A god/demon blessed/cursed him for some sacrilege or heresy or offering. This should be a huge deal, something that totally changed his entire life and existence. It'd be something the character would have a borderline obsession with.

4. Alternatively, if he's rich enough, he might have just bought or had made an elixir by some alchemist.

5. A mysterious artifact of questionable origin makes him able to do magery, and without it he is powerless. The unusual background would be how he got that artifact, discovered it's powers, etc.

The key would be to add some flavor to it through quirks or actual disadvantages to offset it, though these need not be very game-changing. 




 Indeed.  




 less so beltway, more so a thrill killer or something. He probably gets off on the god-like position he places himself in: deciding who lives and dies, who gets shot and who doesn't.

I suspect this is a cooling off period, and he'll either come back or change methods to something more risky for himself.  




 According to an [FBI Symposium on it](https://www.fbi.gov/stats-services/publications/serial-murder/serial-murder-1#two): 

Serial Murder: The unlawful killing of two or more victims by the same offender(s), in separate events.

But they acknowledge that it's a shaky definition and that people disagree about it all the time. 




 Yeah that's what i'd say, too, if i was quitting out of fear. "Lol, we're not afraid, we're just wanting to do other things. Things that won't get us shot at, preferably!"  




 That's kind of how i view it. Plus, the price is occasionally insane, they sometimes get *really good* games in their bundles, and there's always lots of games per bundle. Absolutely perfect for gift-giving 




 One of the great tragedies of dogs is that though they'd love us and help us all our lives, they live only a fraction as long as we do. I hope his time post-service was spent happy and content. 




 Trump is disgusting and the sooner he disappears from the public eye the happier i'll be. His only value is as a punchline to jokes, and that seems to be something he's forgotten. 




 As well it should, that's appalling.  




 Not necessarily a bad thing. Having one really well-designed piece of software is better than having a dozen poorly designed pieces of software. 




 I think D D would better capture the "feel" of dota, because the characters tend to be less fragile and damage tends to be less.  




 Certainly that's how i feel about it. To abuse anyone is deplorable, but to use a position of authority to facilitate that abuse is repulsive. 




 That's kind of how i feel, too. Looking at the logistics of it, the sub would be absolutely flooded with quizzes. So i'll probably just do one big one.  




 If that were true, someone would have repealed the gas taxes we have, or the cigarette taxes (believe you me, people *piss and moan* about cigarette taxes). Change is possible, we're just 100% unwilling to even try to achieve it.  




 I dunno about that. Whatever's wrong with her, doing meth for years certainly did not help. 




 Every time someone suggests shooting a drone down, it's a red flag they've never shot a flying, moving target before, and that they do not understand the inherent difficulties and risks of trying to do so. It's like all the people saying cops should "shoot to wound" like that's a totally sensible thing to do. 




 That's how i feel about it. A new mouse cursor might not make or break a game - but a *bad* mouse cursor certainly is something i notice. 




 When this story first broke I assumed she was merely mentally ill. Knowing that she was a tweaker who didn't give a shit makes it worse, somehow. 




 No clue, but a fair question 




 Greetings, users of my favorite subreddit. Today we have a question of a different sort! 

Would you all like me to do a quiz for every episode that airs (which would be a LOT of quizzes in a very short time!) or would you like me to do a big final quiz for the entirety of 14B? 

Bear in mind, if TeenNick/MTV Canada doesn't put the episodes online right away, this entire question is moot, of course. I only watch the show online. 

Anyway, I hope everyone's having a great summer and is looking forward to 14B. I know I am.  




 i'd say the difficulty isn't in setting up the heroes (though some of them have pretty bizarre abilities if i remember right) but rather in capturing the "feel" of the game itself.

probably one of the few gurps scenarios that would need some amount of house ruling to deal with properly. Key elements would include summoning in "trash" monsters to kill, and the idea of the turrets. I'd expect the overall fight to be pretty short one way or the other unless you came up with some kind of rules-based respawn system.

That said i don't see any reason this couldn't work, though the trash mobs might present quite a bit of book-keeping and a bit of a balance issue (you need them to be tough enough to be a challenge, but not so tough as to be to hard to kill). A similar set of problems exist for the turrets - it'd be very easy for them to be incredibly lethal.  














 or you could just start taxing the living shit out of beef like we do cigarettes, and - surprise! - you instantly fix the problem of beef consumption. If a pound of beef costs twice as much as a pound of lobster, people won't be cooking hamburgers 3 nights a week.

of course any solution to any environmental problem that requires the *least iota* of cost, inconvenience or change to consumer behavior is considered so impossible as to be a non-starter. I say fuckit, let the world burn.  














 ironically i posted that bit entirely to point out the incredible danger he posed: someone who's mentally ill, armed, and refusing to comply is the definition of someone who's a serious threat to the life of everyone around them.  



















 Would be great for palliative care for things like terminal cancer patients or certain diseases, but probably not used much by the general public. 

There are people who can't feel pain, and they do not have good lives because of that particular curse. 




 If these rules were followed religiously everywhere i gotta think we'd have a very different set of software at our disposal, and a very different set of values about software.  




 Just to think, i remember when the hysteria was over eating disorders in teenagers instead of them being overweight.

oh well, whatever gets funding for more research, right? 




 I hate frats, in truth.  




 Sounds like a deeply traumatized person. I hope she can move past this and have a sense of safety again. 




 It'd not surprise me. That or justice porn 




 I think as a society we generally lack structure and purpose for people. I suspect many of our problems as a society stem from that issue of people just feeling lost and without real purpose or meaningful goals. 

Until we find a way to give (more) people goals and purpose in life, i suspect things won't much improve, no matter how hard we try to change our prison system or law enforcement techniques. The things that drive people to a *life* of crime are pretty well intractable. 




 Or, alternatively, prison just *isn't that bad* for the repeat offenders. They know people inside, it's a reasonably safe environment (from the perspective of murder, at any rate) and they know how to work within the confines of the system. If someone's spent most of his life in jail, going back probably doesn't seem so bad. 

Either way, even if tomorrow we instituted drastic changes in the system, there'd still be an enormous population of people damaged by the previous system, who would have to be dealt with in some way.  




 [The recidivism rate is eye-opening.](http://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=tp tid=17)

Certainly i don't feel that our current justice system does much to prevent repeat offenders from, well, re-offending. 




 Every time i get a car on my bumper, i slow down. Whatever bullshit they have going on isn't an excuse to jeopardize my safety. Tailgaters deserve what they get. 




 Either the kids a super-criminal, or his parents just did not give a shit. My guess is? They just didn't give a shit, not before he got shot, and not after.  




 he'll probably get a diploma while in prison; if he's in that long he'll have lots of times to work the various programs etc (in pursuit of the goal of being a "good behavior" sort of prisoner). 

That said, this kid's situation is 100% his fault. He made the choices that lead to him being in the situation he's in.  




 I don't know that i can be happy that a person was maimed, that their life's been ruined, that they've thrown away their potential.

But i am content with this outcome, and i do feel that justice has been served. 




 As well he should be. The man is guilty as sin. The more interesting question is if he'll get the needle or not, and if so how long it'll take to be visited upon him. 









 I like how any opinion that is not in absolute lock-step with reddit is either trolling, "edgy" or the poster being an asshole. I just have a different way of looking at things than (apparently) the majority of people here do.  




 Kid probably thought he was hot shit, until one of the people he was used to victimizing decided to fight back for a change.  









 you call them "kids" like they were 8 years old or something. They were teenagers, out driving to fast. The only positive thing that could be said about them is they didn't hurt anyone but themselves with their reckless behavior.  




 that's pretty neat. I wish they had records so we could ask them what they were trying to say with the piece - it's clear there's some kind of symbolic thinking going on there.  




 Which do i trust:

1. My interpretation of a law written in some positively dense legalese

2. That some lawyer  - who's *entire  career* is spent fucking people over for money - will have some way of exploiting a loophole in that law to profit from my actions

I'm going with #2. You wanna risk it, feel free, by all means.  




 I live in ohio. Trust me, we got assholes who'll sue you for anything here just like anywhere else. 




 I'm pretty curious to see what they do with it. The rivers were my consistent least-favorite feature in A11.  




 They are, in fact, idiots. They were speeding, hit rail road tracks, and wrecked because of that. People who speed excessively enough to cause that kind of accident are, by definition, idiots. 

As to how i'd feel - well, i wouldn't be surprised if no one leapt to my aid. I pretty much expect that no one'll help me out if something goes amiss. 

The guy did nothing to worsen their condition, he's morally in the clear so far as i'm concerned.  




 Yeah i don't expect anyone to help me if something bad were to happen to me. if they do, great, but it's not something i expect out of them.  




 Yeah and then their shitbag parents sue me for everything i own because the doctor says "well, when they were pulled out it DID worsen the ligament damage..."

In the society i live in, helping other people is a tremendous risk, and one i am unwilling to take. 




 Other people were there helping them out. They don't need me clotting up the 911 line with yet another report of a vehicle fire. 




 To me this is one of those artifacts that's really open to interpretation. Is it a dog with a turtle shell? is it a turtle with a dog's head? is it representative of something from their faith, or is it something representative of something from life? 

Definitely strange and a little baffling. At least it looks happy. 




 He ain't an asshole. I mean he's not a saint, obviously, but it's not like he did anything to worsen the harm done to them or to prevent them getting aid. If the man has committed a sin, it's that he spoke the truth and it offends people. 

Hell, i was always taught that if someone was in a car crash, the last thing you did was move or touch them if you weren't trained to do so, because of the risk of worsening injuries. 

Also i'd note this guy's more involved than me - i would have just left. I don't need the hassle. 

Just because the guy reacted differently than you doesn't make him an asshole.  




 Sounds like something a business owner would say to make his poorly-paid wage-slaves work a little harder to make him rich. 

I was there when my grandmother died of cancer at the age of 86, and she didn't spend any time lamenting how she didn't work hard enough in life or didn't spend enough time on making money. She mostly was sad she was gonna die and wished she had more time with her family. 

I spend every minute i can with the people i love doing things i enjoy, because i don't want to die full of regrets that i didn't. Let the workaholics work themselves into an early grave full of sadness and misery; it ain't my scene.  




 That's correct. Apparently the murderer shot the victim then themselves when they were confronted, before the police were able to do anything about it. I gotta wonder what the deeper story is, here - seems like an atypical crime. 




 As the 41-year-old played videographer, neighbors worked to pull Goodin out of the burning vehicle.

So it's a total non-story, then. There were other people attempting to render aid, this guy just video'd.

Media's probably pissed that he wanted to sell them the footage instead of just giving it to them for whatever pennies they want to throw at him. 









 What a fucking shitshow. 

TLC needs to just stop doing the freakshows and go back to educational programming.  




 I don't think it was cunning what let her get away with it, rather just raw luck.  




 Found the arm in a plastic bag, so it's apt that they were put there by a person, rather than accident. 




 It'd be absolutely brutal to maintain such a project for that length of time. Even worse, if there's any instability (bandit attacks, wars, etc) - that could disrupt the entire process!  




 definitely not your usual abuse case. I have to wonder how these two degenerates got hooked up in the first place, and how they hatched this scheme. 









 Congrats! Keep up the great work and i hope it brings you great success! 




 One of the two cases that got me into true crime (and serial killers in general). Truly one of the more disturbing pair of criminals out there. 




 Looks like someone chopped up a murder victim and distributed them along the tracks. Only question is why they'd choose that location to dump the body - and, of course, who they both are. 









 Was at goodwill the other day, and saw an aluminum kid's bat, and told my g/f that it would be the perfect home-defense weapon in a lot of ways: plausibly deniable as a weapon, lethal, blunt so it's less likely to make a mess. Plus it was pretty handy due to it's shorter length, and had really good balance.

Sadly she did not approve getting it to stick by the door.

 









 I think about violence a lot. 




 I hope no one direly needed the air support that day.  




 I'd note that the *cost of living* for the mages would be non-trivial. 4.5 years of food, drink, medical care, clothing, shelter, etc would not be cheap by any stretch.

And that's *before* the materials that went into the amulet itself. 




 Which leads me to my wonderment that it's not more common for stuff to just fall off of military aircraft. You almost never hear about it happening.  




 The world breathes an enormous sigh of relief and everyone feels a whole lot better about the north korean situation. 




 Something i've always wondered about is the tribes (or towns, or groups) who just got wiped out before anyone but the other locals even knew they existed. Without writing, there'd be no record they'd even lived and died. But they had traditions and customs and maybe even their own words or languages, and that's all gone forever now.

Kind of depressing to think about. 




 The drama would *explode*.  




 Light a candle for the sinners, get your favorite beverage, and see what shakes loose once the juice hits. 




 No sweat! I'm an ardent gun rights supporter, and gun owner. I feel the best way to further those two things is to educate everyone i can about firearms and whatnot, so i always try to do just that. 




 I like it.  




 Oh there's a bunch - notably some guns are made in limited editions, or that very few have been made; certainly some are exotic in their own right, or have notable quality. Desert Eagles come to mind - people love the things and their collectible just because of that, even though their modern firearms and not otherwise remarkable. 

Of course, some (or many) of his guns could have been relics or antiques or such; it's hard to say without more info.  




 When i was a kid, we were so poor that sometimes the boxes of macaroni and cheese we'd eat (and man, we ate a lot!) would have bugs in them. My mother'd always say "There's no bugs left in the macaroni - see, they all floated to the top." 

Considering that (most of the time) boiled insects are perfectly safe to eat, i'd not worry about it overly much.  




 I've long ran a plasma tank that has 2 legs (one front, one rear) and the rest tracks. The legs give me superb mobility while the tracks are very durable and survivable.  




 With the one kid still being alive we might well find out, unlike in a lot of these cases. 




 Typically if you see someone own that many guns, their a collector of some kind - either for financial reasons (guns tend to be pretty valuable, some especially so) or for reasons of just collecting them. I'd be very surprised if he even shot most of them on a regular basis. 

At one point i owned like 15 guns, only ever shot like 3 of them; the rest were for collector's value and what not. 














 How's those gun control laws working out for them, i wonder. Not like someone can't just beat a cop and take their gun or something. 









 I spend most of my time projecting as intimidating and dissuading a persona and image as i can in public. Not only do i try to look crazy and violent, but i try very hard to look poor, too. 

I generally have zero hassles and zero bullshit in public because of that; people know i have nothing of value, and i look deranged enough that bothering me seems like more work than it's worth.

That said, i never make eye contact with anyone, i always act very evasive about it. I find it puts people on edge if you never look them in the eye. I also talk to quiet, so they have to strain to hear me and lean in, which also makes them uncomfortable. 

Concerning one's self with the comfort of others is the first step to making yourself vulnerable to the depredations of others.  




 You surely mean "freak show". Trump belongs in a tent next to Lobster Boy, biting the heads off chickens for his keep. 




 keep dreaming. People are gonna keep breeding until they literally cannot anymore, and no biofuel or whatever is going to slow that down in the slightest. 




 That's not really surprising: you have to *truly* fuck up to build up a lot of credit card debt, and you have to fuck up worse to be deep under water on a car. 




 as to the platooning, me and a friend tried for *20 minutes* to get into a T-10 match platooned and couldn't do it; we had to play classic over and over instead of the proper game (which we very much wanted to play, for the team work!) 

it was very frustrating.  




 Is it any surprise? You don't get a site like this if the company is ran by saints.  




 It's definitely pretty fucked up. 




 Fair point 




 The main thing that's changed for me is that i now view women as being much tougher than i did when i was younger. They tend to be akin to dogs and simply hide that they have an injury, rather than acknowledge the injury and treat it. Once i understood that, i saw they were much more durable than i'd given them credit for. 




 i'm 99% sure this is actually intended to be used scraping out pot bowls. The blades look about the right size, and dope heads love hidden shit like this. Thinks it makes them clever. 




 never read the comments on youtube. never. 




 that's like /r/instantregret - you KNOW their gonna regret it, but it's all about how they get there. 




 That would go a little off-script for me, i have to think. People would be waiting for the punchline.  




 That's pretty metal. Wonder what they thought when they finally cracked the casket open. 




 Algea just re-releases it's carbon after it dies. You need to put it somewhere it won't decay into the atmosphere. If such a place even exists, i could not venture a guess where it is or how difficult it would be to transport the required amount there. 




 shhh, don't ruin their "we can save the world with a bullshit startup money grab!" circle-jerk. If they realized the actual scope of the problem they'd just despair of any fix, like i do. 




 That's the bitch about bein' dead. You stop being able to speak for yourself. 




 That's how i feel about it; this is where i go to watch the shitshow that is the parts of reddit i don't go to. 




 i'd legit be afraid to boot conspiracy - some of those people are fucking deranged, and i'd worry they'd do something regrettable.

if they get rid of cute female corpses, where will i send unsuspecting people on instant messengers for shock value?  




 Indeed. This shit's going to taint his name forever, and it is incredibly depressing. 




 The man's skill and tenacity can't be denied. If i was under fire, i'd hope to be 1/3rd as competent as he was. 




 Would get slightly more karma to paint it as "cop ambushed", but certainly that angle would work as well. Probably a good headline (for attention grabbing) would be like "Cop opens fire on car of black teenagers in Saint Louis" which would hit all the buttons.  




 That's Tennessee for you.  




 Posted because this is 100% the kind of bullshit i hate in the media:

The Rachel Dolezal story was huge, this guy's name gets dragged through the mud, and there's one shitty, short article that doesn't even MENTION IN THE ORIGINAL TITLE that he's her brother talking about how the charges have been dismissed.

Crock of shit, yo. 









 I ask this with all sincerity: was there anyone who genuinely believed Jeb was electable? I mean, the dude's the worst parts of Mitt Romney and the worst parts of George Bush.  



















 The only rehabilitation a man who violently rapes an 82 year old needs is a nice injection of whatever shit their using for lethal injections these days.  




 I suspect this data's totally bullshit, for a few reasons:

1. There's many, many, many more "normal people" than there are politicians, criminals, etc. It's like saying "most of the requests are from people who make  1,000,000  a year in income" - well, yeah, of course.

2. There's really no reason to know why or for what cause someone put in the request, or even *who* really put in the request. For all we know this could be due to some privacy activism group going through the phonebook or sending in all their friends and family's names.  




 An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. 









 And it already lists ellen pao as an example. Good to see the martyrdom is well underway. 




