 Who cares what Twitter says? 

If we are going there, youtube says Star Wars won by a mile. Total views for Hunger Games panel was around 312,000 combined and new teasers total 660,000.

Whereas Star Wars Panel was around 998,000 combined. And new footage (not even a trailer) is at 6.2 million views.  




 It's his nickname. He doesn't go by Peter Pettigrew because as far as most people know, Peter is dead. So I'm sure when he presented himself to Voldemort, he went by Wormtail 




 No problem! Enjoy 




 Release Order (456123). 

Anyone who tells you a different order that they think is best for first time viewing, most likely watched it in release order for their first time. It's tried and true.  




 I am always impressed by her presence on Game of Thrones, she has had some very powerful scenes that are well acted. As for Terminator, I thought she did a great job emulating Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor yet bringing some new features to it. Also, she had a great American accent.  




 If you are still there, try the Hot Butterbeer, it's the best kind there is 




 I was born in 1990, Aliens  Alien. Come at me 




 That's too bad. That's cool that you went though.  




 Release Order (456123). 

Anyone who tells you a different order that they think is best for first time viewing, most likely watched it in release order for their first time. It's tried and true.  




 If they are well done and pertainent to the story, I have no problem with that 




 Man Seeking Woman, The Brink, Broad City, Workaholics, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Silicon Valley, Last Man on Earth,  




 Totally agree, I might have liked it if it weren't for so much hype going into it. I had too high of expectations.  




 I'm the other way around. I didn't like Royal Tenenbaums or Moonrise Kingdom and thought Life Aquatic was okay but loved Grand Budapest Hotel. To each their own though.  




 watch season 5 of the show and you will see that, at the very least, Adrian Grenier can act 




 I never even thought of that! That would be am awesome cameo 




 Ha, you got me there, edited into one 




 I loved it. You should watch it. It takes a bit of getting used to but then it's really good. The new characters are great 




 Peter Capaldi is the best Dr. Who and I can't wait for Season 9! 




 Still a movie 




 Well, it is /r/movies, and if a superhero is in a movie, than that movie can be talked about here. So can any other piece considered a movie. If you want to see more about "original films" create a topic about an individual film you enjoyed. 

Also, you are writing this while Comic-Con is going on, of course there is going to be a ton of content geared towards superheros and comic book movies this week.

And to say that superhero movies represent everything wrong with the film industry is quite a ridiculous statement. Movies were originally created to entertain, which is exactly what superhero movies do. That's not to say that's all i watch or all i talk about, but there is nothing wrong with them if they entertain me. You don't have to like them but they are very popular today and they fulfill the reason we watch movies for a lot of people. 




 I loved it, but i could see that happening for others. 




 You know, im betting every single person who subscribes to this subreddit know's it's Darth. And i am also betting that their phone autocorrected "Darth" to "Dark" by accident. 




 [Pork Bellies, which is used to make bacon...as in a bacon lettuce and tomato sandwich...](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-52653-Trading-Places-Eddie-Murphy-wt-rPuc.gif) 




 Exactly my thoughts as well 




 I loved it. Andy Samberg was hilarious and Kit Harrington was surprisingly funny. Great cameos too 




 It's a movie... 




 Wait?... Why in the hell would I wait? I'm waiting right now so I can get that out of the way 




 Leia's costume is wrong, Han's costume and hair style is wrong, Rey doesn't look like that, Chewie doesn't look like he does in the trailer, Kylo Ren is a stormtrooper on the poster, and C3PO's arm is not red. 

Fake 




 Go see both but see Jurassic World first. I personally enjoyed both but I'm a bigger fan of the Jurassic Park Franchise more.  




 I have enjoyed her work on SNL this season. Especially on Weekend Update 




 I am you!  




 Absolutely, she looks great there. I'm still most excited to see Luke's look in the film. There seems to be a reason we have not seen him (other than with R2 in the 2nd trailer)  




 I don't know if that specifically changed him but he does have a new outlook on Star Wars for sure since this new one started. And yesterday seeing him talk about it with such Enthusiasm was amazing.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fMx670jOnw 




 "appeals to either dimwits when barely a brain cell to rub together". That was the most dimwitted sentence I've read on reddit, was that even English? 

Freaks and Geeks is one of the most beloved Cult comedies in television. And it's comedy. Not every comedy needs to be smart comedy (which I do enjoy as well). 

Melissa McCarthy can act and chooses to do comedy which she is good at. Yes, she has been type cast and has done a few shitty movies, but she also has done good movies as well. In fact, Spy (also Paul Feig) had awful marketing that made it look like she was playing the same character that she played in her last 3 few movies. But it wasn't, she was great and the reviews were through the roof. 

And no, Bridesmaids is not a work of art, I never even came close to saying that. But it is a very well received and funny comedy that made a lot of money and a lot of people, besides you, laugh. Which is what comedy is for.  




 Does any of my post point towards that ridiculous type of statement? All I'm saying is that I'm skeptical. I'm am intrigued but skeptical 




 I'm guessing you haven't seen SNL in the last 10 years or have not watched Freaks and Geeks or Bridesmaids. Or maybe you have and just like to disagree with the general public 




 456123 I say this all the time but it's true... Most everyone who says a different order than that for the first time, themselves watched it in release order for the first time. Why mess with the order that we all (for the most part) watched for the first time and became huge fans 




 If she is River, that would have been an terribly awful spoiler.  




 EW had a source that said there would be no new scenes or trailer screened at Comic Con. Just behind the scenes and special guests and more 




 Kinda like Facebook or even Reddit? Which both came before Twitter and without stupid hashtags and an overabundance of trolls? I mean, every social network is gonna have some but Twitter is just the worst 




 Boy, Twitter is just a big bunch of trolls these days huh? Every day I hear about stuff like this and it's always on Twitter. So glad I'm not on that shit.  




 Well, it is a movie...not a documentary. Great movie though 




 I still don't know how I feel about this. And it has nothing to do with the all women cast (because I am a big fan of each of them). More so, anyone putting on a Ghostbusters uniform other than Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, and Ernie Hudson kinda doesn't feel right. 

But still, it's very well casted and Paul Feig is great so I'll hold judgement until I at least see a trailer.  




 I'm a big fan of him from his stand up and Broad City. I heard about those comments a little while ago... Still haven't even looked up what he said. That is irrelevant to his fame 




 Personally, I've like Matt Smith and Peter Capaldi's iteration of The Doctor the most. Capaldi's first season wasn't the greatest story wise but his characterization was very good. Matt Smith Era had some of the best stories in my opinion. I don't even notice the special effects and that has never been nor ever will be the main focus over story for this show. That's just my 2 cents 




 True, but since we aren't getting any new footage or a trailer at Comic Con, a poster would be nice 




 Who are you? And why is the answer "a developer of the Star Wars App"?  




 Oh wow, I just assumed they were out before then. By the way, I may have only been 9 at the time, but I watched the original Star Wars Trilogy when I was 5 for the first time and got the special editions for my 7th birthday.  




 Ain't no problem with that!  




 That was so funny. He is great on Broad City and his new show was super funny 




 Can't help you there, feels like the same show to me and it's been great.  




 I was only 9 at the time but didn't we have the awesome poster with Anakin and the shadow of Vader at about this time then?  




 I definitely think you are reading into it too much. There is some rehashing (obviously repilot) but most of what you talked about is character traits. Chang being a villain and wanting to leave that behind has been his entire arc back and forth every season. 

Paintball is a staple with Community so bringing it back was not for lack of ideas or for a callback but because it's a natural part of Greendale and the fans wanted it done right again. Same thing with Dungeons and Dragons, that was straight fan service but I loved that episode.  




 That seems way late. Only 4 months to go? I guess, maybe at least a teaser poster now that's not just the logo 




 I really hope we at least get the full real poster! 




 It always was, and hopefully still is (Larry, I'm talking to you, we all want more) a great show. I never thought there was a dull season 




 Chris Pratt 




 Love it! What a great trailer, I hope it just actually gives what it promises, a darker season.  




 Make a sequel to Genisys because it wasn't that bad 




 I consider myself a conservative and don't find either offensive. But I think It's Always Sunny is funnier personally so I'd go with that.  




 Well said and I agree with you there.  




 I watched every bit of it. By the end of the show (which I loved), I was rooting against her. She was entitled, uppity, self-centered, and backstabbing. They had those character traits yet still forced stories trying to make us like her. Peggy was one of my favorite characters, she at times was not great either but she had redeeming qualities and worked to get where she was.  




 Mac's Tavern on Market Street. It's owned by Rob McElhenney and Kaitlin Olson. It's "Sunny" themed and when they are in town, they hang out there. Pretty cool little bar.  

I was just in Philly again last week for a wedding. There is always a ton of great historic sites in Old City, and like someone else said, Geno's Steaks in South Philly. And of course, you can go to a Phillies Game and pick a fight with the Phillies "Phrenetic" (Phanatic)  




 Yes! I never understood the fascination with her. She played one of the worst characters on Mad Men but they constantly tried to make the viewer like her. Did not work for me.  




 456123 (release order) 

Anyone who tells you to watch them in a different order for the first most likely watched it in the order above so no one can really say that theirs is better for a first time viewer.  




 Yea, I'm gonna have to disagree with you on that one, the show is hilarious 




 I was still pissed at Sony about that until they announced that Spider-Man would be rebooted and joining the MCU. Now I'm finally excited to see Spider-Man again. Spider-Man 3 was bad, but that was mostly due to Sony pushing for things to be changed/added. 

I boycotted TASM movies because I thought they handled terribly (choosing to reboot the franchise while Spidey 4 was in Pre-production, rushing it into production only 5 years after the last one, choosing a director who was under qualified for the movie, and arrogantly announcing 3 sequels before the 1st one opened). 

Now, I also did like Andrew Garfield so I'll probably check them out now that I have no more reason to be pissed.  




 Yea, I have, great show too 




 Baconreader 




 I was at that point but the trailers, casting, etc. I'm really excited and I can't curb my enthusiasm.  




 Ant Man, Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation, Trainwreck, Vacation, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, The Hateful Eight, The Revenant, Bridge of Spies, Spectre (How did I forget that one?) 




 I really honestly don't believe they are doing it just to sell tickets. I mean, it's Star Wars so there is already a huge built in audience. But taking on an Iconic character and recasting as a younger version is very risky. I don't think they would attempt it unless they thought they had a good idea behind it.  




 I watched that episode of @midnight and he was out of it for sure but then he would chime in and it would be gold. This guy is super funny and everyone should watch his new show and Broad City.  




 Ocean's Eleven, Casino Royale, Batman Begins, 21 Jump Street,  




 They got preachy with Global Warming in a kids movie. That's really my biggest beef with it. Other than that, I liked it.  




 I am excited for any new Star Wars at this point but when the Han Solo solo movie was rumored I wasn't fond of it. But the way that The Force Awakens looks from the trailers, the casting for Rogue One, and the directors choice for this one, I'm now bumped up to cautiously optimistic. No matter what, I'll still see it, but it really depends on who they cast if I'm going to be fully on board. I think they need to get someone who fits the role like Harrison Ford rather than getting someone who does a Harrison Ford impression.  




 Oh, don't get me wrong, he plays a great bad guy and I can't wait to see this movie, but it would have been a nice change of pace to see him as a hero 




 Hmm, BBC was late then. They announced it yesterday 




 Looks like you've been reading yesterday's newspaper, huh?  




 It still is episode VII and they still refer to it is such. The reason they decided to leave it out of the title is because the first 3 movies (Episodes 4-6) didn't have them in the title while released. 

It will still be in the opening crawl as all of the other movies have had.  




 I'm excited that Ben Mendelsohn is in it but I was kind hoping we'd get to see him as a good guy for once. Either way, this movie is gonna be great!  




 That's why I said not much rivals it. For me, it's the best show I've ever watched but I have not seen the wire, six feet under, or Battlestar Galactica 




 I think what Showtime did with Hulu is going to be the new norm. Having it as an add-on channel on already tested and popular streaming services 

Netflix will probably push for like FX or AMC 




 Absolutely agree!  




 Phew! I'll bear down.  




 Well, now he's streets ahead.? This is rinkling my brain!  




 I think there actually is an alternate ending they shot that they didn't use that is similar to that. It's on the final season dvd 




 Really enjoyed it. I had never seen a Terminator movie until a few weeks ago when I started to watch all of them so coming fresh off the other movies and with an objective opinion on the franchise, I liked it. It wasnt perfect but it was a great sequel to T2 (which it seemed to be as it retconned Rise of the Machines and Salvation)

Kyle Reese was miscast but Jai Courtney did a fine job. I loved Emilia Clarke as Sarah Connor and Jason Clarke as John Connor. 

Arnold was awesome, got the humor and a little heart well (old. Not obsolete). 

The story was convoluted but it all made sense to me. My brother had only seen T2 and Salvation and he followed it perfectly fine. It was an entertaining action movie 




 Kids being kids isn't an excuse when one of the two knew it shouldn't be on and still they couldn't turn off a simple flashlight for ten minutes. 

I didn't say that the 2nd island isn't believable. I meant that they after the park was disserted and all of the dinos were brought to the factory island, they shouldn't have just been left there to thrive. They probably should have been put down. 

I don't get what you mean by the parasailing being shoehorned in but it doesn't matter, none of these bother me at all, I'm simply stating that most everything in these movies is due to human error as is JW.  




 There is a thing called an opinion.  




 No, Its more to the point that the latency creates time issues and the inputs are low quality unless using MIDI. 




 T1 was a very slow paced movie, they kept it simple because there was low budget (probably to their favor), and had Kyle Reese hand holding Sarah pretty much the entire movie. T2 had less of that, which you are right, but that's why its the best in the franchise and highly regarded.

Even though i also didnt think it was perfect, it was entertaining and followed the story of the first two well. I thought Arnold was great and Sarah and John both had great screen presence. I thought Jai Courtney did a fine job but i agree he was definitely miscast as Kyle. The writing was fine to me and i enjoyed and followed the plot easily. The score i didnt notice much but it seemed fine. Much better than the 80's electro score of the first two.

I only brought up the film noir point because you said it was insulting to called this "Terminator" and compared it to "shitty Marvel movie" implying that you don't seem to like current popular blockbusters and seem to feel that Terminator is of an entirely different breed. And i have heard others go to the point of thinking T2 is perfection in cinema, which im in agreement with you. So i apologize for assuming. 




 Another person pretending that the Terminator movies aren't an action blockbuster franchise but film noir. T5 was not a perfect movie, but it was a solid sequel to an action franchise 




 The fact is, John Connor ends up getting caught and turned into a terminator. So Sarah doesn't want to fall in love with Kyle because he is supposed to die and it would create John (who yes, is the savior but also the eventual downfall of the human race as far as they know). Then you have John trying to kill Kyle, his father. Except, it's not actually John anymore and the timeline where Kyle is his father doesn't exist anymore. John only exists as a terminator now. Therefore it doesn't matter if he kills him and he has the mentality of Skynet so he does want to kill. 

You are right, it isn't fully explained but I was able to sniff that out. The only explanation given still works. John is now a terminator and his mission is to kill Kyle Reese and Sarah Connor to prevent the Resistance from ever happening. Meaning the Terminator John no longer cares of his existence because his existence means the end of Skynet which is his allegiance.  




 Totally agree, critics were very harsh on Terminator Genisys 




 I don't think it's garbage but definitely disagree with the acclaim. Mad Max: Fury Road 




 Well, a few issues. 

1. Sounds generic
2. No description for the reason for the title makes it seem even more generic. 
3. It's the 5th movie so if anything, it would be "Jurassic World: Evolution"  




 I'm not saying it can't be done, but it shouldn't be. And what you are talking about for live is not recording. It's looping, controllers, and triggers. That I don't have much of a problem with.  




 Yes, Kick Ass for sure 




 Because creating and recording music shouldn't be some Shotty program on any tablet. It takes away from the quality of recording and creating music 




 My bad, I thought I read that it was slightly higher. Maybe that was projections.  




