 ha thanks for the feedback i'm working on a part 2 that I'll go more in depth on!   




 whoops!  thanks for that clarification! 




 ha! well the list wouldn't have been complete without it! 









 Werewolf's got gnards? 




 Frighteners, Hellraiser, Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, V/H/S 2, REC 1 and 2, The Vanishing, Dream Home (Directed by Pang Ho-Chueng), Tucker and Dale Vs Evil, TrollHunter, The Howling, The Devil's Backbone, Return of the Living Dead, The Fly (1986), Dead Alive (peter jackson), Burning Moon (Olaf Ittenbach) and finally the best movie ever made, HOUSE (Nobuhiko Obayashi). 




 Here's my impresssion - SQUEALCHSTATICSTATICSQUEALCh one cool segment so far the scientist portal guy SQUEALCHSTATICSQUEALCH 




 Soul appease soul appease soul appease. Unless it got nerfed soul appease will clear that boss in seconds 




 Okay this a facepalm but after 400+ hours....the ogre trail before you reach the witches at the very beginning of the game.  Also the hidden wall at sinner's rise with the northern ritual ring. 




 Vampire Hunter D, Fist of the North Star, Wicked City 




 Phil the Alien - pretty sure it's a straight up Canadian movie, but It's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen and I never hear anyone talking about it.   




 No he only says it's a foriegn film? 




 He thinks it's called 'hatchet' but that's obviously wrong!  He says someone pisses one the zombie that's tied up?  I'll ask about 28 days  thanks! 




 He says it starts out with a guy in the woods with a zombie tied to a tree and he's experimenting to see what gets a reaction from the zombie.  Says first 1/2 hour has very little dialogue.  Then you find out the plot of the movie is that the government created the zombie virus for population control and now they are going around killing the zombies, but some survivors are also part of the zombie pack being exterminated and now they are fighting for their lives.  Anyone?  Did he dream this movie?  Thanks in advance, it's driving him crazy trying to remember!
Edit: friend says movie poster is a distant silhoutte of a man carrying a hatchet into the forest... 




 www.fashion-souls.com?g=f Head=200 Chest=76 Arms=136 Legs=386
When fighting monsters, be careful not to become one yourself 




 I have wings like an angel, but also like a demon's 




 fat Girl by catherine Breillate   That ending literraly comes out of fucking nowhere! 




 Summons who just take off running as soon as they're in the game!   




 Thank You For Smoking 




