 That's why the SEC won't travel to altitude or north  




 Well maybe you should stop running into workers  




 Especially Friday nights on ESPN on the road.... 




 Nichols St. Some how Colorado could blow it  




 United Cannabis Corp  




 I actually saw something on TLC or discovery about a girl who had it done to make the height requirement for here dream job, a flight attendant. The minimum is 4'11". The max is 6'3" so I guess that's one career choice I cam cross off  




 No, realistically most voters don't know enough about candidates  




 ;) 




 Take it from a CU fan, the past doesn't matter 




 I didn't say trend. Yous said sec is the best, but they weren't best last season. So there were the best, but last season pac was  




 I'm thinking about coming out to salt lake, how's the skiing that time of year?  




 Well the SEC didn't have a team in the championship game, pac did. 
The Pac-12 also cleaned up on the college football postseason awards, winning 12 of the 20 major individual awards, compared to just two for the SEC.
 









 But basketball ended [with a bang] (http://cdn2.sbnation.com/assets/3688285/colorado.gif) 




 If you get bored. It's just a running joke that the buffs and utes are more bros than rivals  




 [Please tell me more about the SEC being the best] (http://www.foxsports.com/college-football/story/college-football-conference-bowl-records-pac-12-big-ten-sec-2014-15-010115) 




 You'll gain a couple inches but can't walk for a year. They cut and separate your bone, then fill the space with bone fragments and wait for bine to fill in.  




 5 meals a day instead of 3 




 Should've joined Jim at CU  




 Nebraska, Tennessee, Kansas  




 More sec pac OOC games and bowls would help  




 Confirmed- Colorado and Utah not rivals 
 




 Or you could you know...watch the interview  




 It has the video......you can see for yourself  









 He knows enough to be elected 3 times.   




 [Basically CNN decided to make drama] (http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/19/cnn-deliberately-misquotes-gov-scott-walker-video/) 




 Walker  who was traveling between campaign stops in Iowa  said that I think that this isnt an issue I need to be involved in. The bottom line is that Im going to stand up and work hard for every American, regardless of who they are, no matter where they come from, no matter their background. Im going to fight for people, no matter if they vote for me or not.
 




 [Actual interview where cnn took it out of context] (http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/19/cnn-deliberately-misquotes-gov-scott-walker-video/) 




 [CNN took the quote completely out of context from a video] (http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/19/cnn-deliberately-misquotes-gov-scott-walker-video/) 









 UCLA  




 [Your OOC doesn't even any better] (http://www.fbschedules.com/ncaa/sec/missouri-tigers.php) 




 Hijack the top comment with a link that [describes it well] (http://www.saturdaydownsouth.com/sec-football/2015-strength-of-schedule/) 




 Just listed the ones I knew of  




 Not gonna lie, a factor when I was choosing a college was travel. One school required I take a plane with maybe a dozen rows and a 6ft ceiling. It wasn't a deciding factor, but it was on the cons list  




 Reddit is not your friend on this. Head to /r/conservative /r/politicaldiscussion and /r/neutralpolitics if you want any peace  




 Pay off that school debt somehow  




 I know this is not directly college football but with the recent ruling and discussion about ncaa football games coming back I thought this was interesting. Is it a loophole that ea sports could use or 2k could  make a game? I could see this effecting ncaa series  









 I really should have seen this coming  




 I used to fly Frontier a dozen times a year and ask the gate attendant if I could be upgraded to stretch seating. It worked about half the time. Depends who you get. I sometimes took a gamble and boarded last and just took a stretch seat and they never cared to say anything  









 No its not, the sub can also say "Fuck Walker" 




 Well that explains Obama  














 Walker literally just said Trump needs to apologize for the comments made about McCain 
"He needs to apologize to Senator McCain and all the other men and women who have worn the uniform," 




 Actually eating home cooked meals is cheaper than eating out. Being healthy is a matter of discipline. You could eat like shit but not become obese if you exercise  




 I don't know what my percentage is right now but I did gain a good amount of fat.  Don't have a gut or anything but I would like to get more definition  




 Does anyone know if the rooftop will be open to the public other than game times? I have bought game tickets yet so didn't buy a terrace ticket and they sold out. I'd really like to check it out and I know the have the tour at the end of the month you pay $40 for. 
Ideally they have it function as a bar/grill on weekends but I haven't seen anything about it  




 99 rose bowl, Wisconsin beat UCLA. I have never seen Colorado play in a bowl since I didn't become a fan until I became interested in attending back in 2010 




 Are you serious? There's no medical issue that causes obesity. You won't gain more than 10lbs from an underactive thyroid. Mental illness can cause over eating but thats about it. 90% of Diabetes cases are caused by poor diet  




 Were really good at making them 




 Veal and corn  




 The difference is FSU had a star player just get drafted after years of not being able to keep him disciplined. I'm suspended? Fuck it I'll just go on the sideline in my gear and no one will notice, right? He's gone and other players are filling the void of drama from stupid decisions  









 Great feeling when you get those plates. Feels even better when you add two plates  




 I'm guessing by the buff walk on the east side of the stadium  




 190 was my original goal but now I'm thinking 200. I'll probably do my first cut at 190 




 MSU  




 They just want people to see the work being put into our roads! /s 




 Stressor for teachers is the shitty kids and shitty parents that come along  




 This I can agree with 




 Um teachers only teach until college. College professors have at least a masters, mostly PhD, not some education degree they got over 5 drunken years of undergrad. Once in med school, it's doctors teaching doctors. Plus shitty teachers get to keep their jobs if they've been around long enough thanks to tenure  




 We know why we pay more? We're sicker. We're [sicker because of obesity] (http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2012/04/30/obesity-now-costs-americans-more-in-healthcare-costs-than-smoking/) 




 *taxes not included 
Plus you don't have to deal with the 99% preventable obesity and illnesses with higher rates due to obesity- cardiovascular disease, diabetes, arthritis, stoke, etc 




 Where's the reverse gif?  




 Did you not read the first line? 




 Stupid. Why? Doctors go to school 2-3 times as long and have 2-4 times the debt when they establish a career. 
Edit- plus doctors work 1/4 more  




 Act above a 30? You're in 




 The new lanes wouldn't make a difference in the accident you were in, glad you're OK though.  




 Gluck Gluck Gluck  




 You might be thinking of ARWU  




 I've been weighing myself before bed and if the weight is higher each day (yes I know food/water weight) then I'm on the right track  




 Well that's the point of insurance  




 You forget taxes  




 It'll extend north I believe. The bike lane is maybe a foot wider than it used to be and they added a 3 foot buffer zone.  




 Or having a heart attack from eating like shit and not exercising  




 Yeah I was keeping it simple. You could go as far as the manufacturer of surgical equipment and anesthesia  




 Because the hospital knows they get paid way less than they bill, that's why they bill so much 




 Hospitals bill that much because insurance pays 10% of what they bill. If insurance paid what was billed, the hospital would bill 10% of what they currently do. It's the insurance companies that screw everything up, not the hospitals 




 You can sue if they fire you for that  




 "Free". 




 Through my employer yes. If I don't need healthcare I don't pay a down payment  




 $1000 for having your skull opened, then someone with 10-16 years of education and training poking your brain isn't bad 
Edit- grammar  




 You can walk out of the ER without paying or giving them person info. If it's an emergency, they have to treat you.  




 Kind of. A lot of money that goes towards research and expansion would be lost. Taxes would increase so much even if I didn't need healthcare, I would be paying for it.  




 Guessing anti venom isn't cheap  




 There was no construction going on. The road was clear, lines painted, no construction staff around. The divider needs to be put up still but everything else was done  




 I wish I had gold to give you. The reddit circle jerk is ridiculous when it comes to US healthcare. The way to fix the system is to end the games. My ambulance service only gets payment from 30% of people transported, and most of that 30% doesn't pay the full cost  




 No that's the bill. What you pay is completely different  




 Don't worry about the fat unless you become skinny fat. You can cut later  




 The painting is nearly done and Folsom is now one lane for the new bike lane expansion. Discuss your thoughts and experiences. When I was on the road it was backed up from Canyon to the pearl pedestrian crossing. During 2-3 stop light cycles I saw one bike go by. I'm sure some of the congestion is due to people learning the new layout but it's a poor start.  




 My starting bench was high since I lifted in high school for football and lifted on and off the last few years.  




 If republican don't teach correct scientific fact, they can be fired or not hired. That argument doesn't hold much ground. Balancing is more important in areas like sociology, political science, and psychology. Only seeing the liberal side (or only seeing the republican side) doesn't encourage students to view things from both sides which is important in education.  




 First progress post. I lifted all of high school, on and off in college before getting religious about gaining in March

 [starting at 155] (http://imgur.com/Q1qxla9) and [Current at 180] (http://imgur.com/rUE6NZo)
6'4'' male, 22yo. 

Diet- eating anything I can, I haven't been counting calories. I stopped using protein shakes as I noticed I wouldn't eat much for a few hours after and started drinking 3 glasses of chocolate milk a day. For meat I have been doing chicken and pork, both are fairly cheap and I work them into various dishes. I'm aware I've probably gained a good amount of fat but I'm not worried about that yet since I was so underweight and don't have a gut yet. 

Lifting- squat and bench on 3x5, 3x3, 5-3-1 with warm up sets at bar and one plate each side. Curls, pull downs, single leg deadlift, calf raises, tricep extension, shrugs, lunges, all at 3x10.

main lifting improvements

bench- 180 max to 240 max

squat- 200 max to 250 max 





























 It won't be Obama level security.  




 Like it or not, money is one of the most important things in life. 




 So is every weekend when people come visit or drive through to estes.... 




 Just like every politician  




 There's reason behind this. There were issues with administration and faculty being too liberal, and they wanted to balance it out since teachers have a big impact on students views. [Only 6% of teachers were Republican in a survey] (http://www.dailycamera.com/cu-news/ci_26042796/cu-survey-9-faculty-members-identify-republicans).   




 I thought you said throw spit, since that's something UGA fans do  




 2-1 against ranked,  Nebraska went 3-0-1, how do you figure Texas did better?  




 Because they're THE Ohio State University  




 I'm amazed that tech fans are way more upset about it than CU fans about GT claiming, especially when it's our only championship  




 Versus a 10-0-1 team or a 10-0 team?  




 Texas went 2-1 against ranked, Nebraska went 3-0-1 




 Says a lot coming from an Oregon fan  




 Michigan. Harbaugh can't save you!  




 Nebraska. Undefeated unlike the others. Why is 9-1 Ohio state even claiming it?  




 Georgia Tech. Bring both 1990 trophies to the game, winner gets both until the next meeting  




 The one that lot everything and has been trying to get back on their feet  




 I wasn't talking about just intelligence, I was talking about the lengthy planning  




 It's not smart, it was the time line. More said he was sane  




 He's not mentally ill. I followed the trial closely and he put way too much genius planning into the shooting. He had a cd player that played an hour of silence followed by loud music rigged to blow up when someone turned it off. The amount of detail and long term planning is enough to show it wasn't some insane act  




 [Here's all the info you would ever want about the trial, the shooting, and events leading up to] (http://www.denverpost.com/theater-shooting-trial) 




 [heres a tracker of counts] (http://www.denverpost.com/theater-shooting-trial/ci_28485365/verdict-aurora-theater-shooting) 




 I've been following the case since trial started. His act was very well planned and there is no way they will find him insane.  



















 His planning was too well done for insane  




 My weights (body and lifting) haven't increased in a few weeks, how do I get over the plateau? Obvious answer eat more and lift more?  




 "Win a pac game"  














 I CAN'T HEAR YOU  




 YOU WILL REMEMBER THEM! IN MIZZOURY  




 SEE WHAT HAPPENS CSU??? DON'T LISTEN TO BIG BROTHER AND YOU GETTING REPLACED BY OUR ADOPTED LITTLE BROTHER!!!! 




 Your welcome to see this yourself in the pac opener at Folsom. Although the Oregon section is probably closed to sold out  




 Restaurant will have 50. That's still 60ish people with jobs that could really use it in the area.  














 I know the overwhelming majority of CU and Boulder is liberal but I encourage people to go as long as they do so without interrupting. It's great CU was picked as a site with increasing political visit including Obama twice. This wasn't something that occurred in Boulder for a long time until his first visit.  









 See you on the field  




