 AHH! He got me again! 









 Fatal Attraction, with Michael Douglas 




 Like I told OP I just posted a Shadowrun lfg on the sub and was wondering if you're interested as well. Here's a link to it http://redd.it/2n5ezn 




 Hi I just posted a Shadowrun lfg on the sub and was wondering if you're interested. Here's a link http://redd.it/2n5ezn 




 Hi i sent you a message a while ago to let you know I'm interested in playing. 




 Hi guys, i'm looking for a copy of kane and lynch 2. 




 Well the PC 2k sports game's have always been just a port of the console ones. What he's saying is that unlike last year we'll receive a port of the PS4/Xbone version instead of 360/PS3 version. I wish it wasn't just a straight port, but it's the most we are gonna get...

[here's a comparison of the visuals from last-gen to current-gen](http://unrealitymag.bcmediagroup.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/1381773388-media.jpg) 




 You know Big Trouble is my favorite movie and I really tried to get into this comic, but it just doesn't feel right. They constantly have Jack shouting catchphrases trying to mimic the movie and to me it just feels... forced. And all the humor and jokes make the book sound like it's trying to be a parody of the movie instead of an actual sequel. Like look at the last page in the link, Jack's talk about that Kansas burger joint. It just feels like they watched the movie and was like "Jack Burton is an everyman who likes to make wise-cracks and catchphrases so let's just have him constantly do that. The readers will love it!"
 




 Maybe. It said that the Arkham Knight is as skilled as Batman and has his own army, and that army could be the League of Shadows. 




 I'm excited we'll finally hear about Jason in the Arkham series. It was just something I felt wasn't touched upon at all in the previous ones. 

I think his design is alright. I prefer the comic version with his helmet. But I'm betting they have it as an alternate skin.

I also wonder if they'll have a third character. I know Origins only had 2, but that was a different developer, and City had three. If they do I bet it'll be Damian. With (Arkham City spoiler) [](#s "Talia and Ra's al Ghul dead") I think now would be a good time to have Damian introduced. It follow a similar pattern as the playable characters in City: Catwoman=Harley, Dick=Jason, Tim=Damian. 




 thank you, have a nice day :) 




 I'd be willing to play with you if we have games in common, I'll PM you my steam. 




 No problem, just helping out :) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rU04rsImtM 




 I've only read the first 15 issues of All-New X-men but I'm loving it so far, so yeah check it out if you can. I also recommend checking out All-New X-Factor and Amazing X-Men. I'm liking both of those so far. 




 Damn min-maxers... 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGy9zTDefvg Jiffy! 2:05:48-2:05:50 




 Basically it's where they send the people who ditch all the time and never do their work.  




 Yeah they don't sell sodas. But things like ice-tea and coffee are sold. Coffee during zero period and ice tea at lunch. 




 Where I'm from there's a continuation school based out of the mall.  




 It helps to mention what game you're playing. 




 He was around 15 or 16 when he first went to the camps. 




 Nice. I'm thinking of setting up a Mass Effect game too so now I might get this. 




 First I need to ask, Why are they going after the bad guy? Are they getting payed? 




 While I don't have experience with the game you're playing, I do have a little bit of GM experience.

1. Don't freak out if things don't go according to your plan. There's four of them and only one of you, so expect to be outwitted sometimes.

2. Plan ahead. Keep some spare encounters on the side just in case something happens. It takes a little bit of the fun away when you have to prepare encounters in the middle of a game.

3. Improvise. There's been times when my players have had lucky rolls that flipped my entire encounter around. You just have to go with the flow and react accordingly.

4. If you or the players aren't 100% sure about a rule don't waste time going through the rulebook. You're the GM, you decide what the ruling should be at that moment.

5. Don't give your players too much slack. There's no fun in a game you can't lose.

6. Just Have Fun. It is a game after all. 




 Holy crap! I always thought of the idea of making a Warriors Rpg too! Having the players play different classes like scout (Fox), tagger (Rembrandt), and muscle (Ajax). If you ever have a playable version post it here Because I would love to try it out :) 




 Hi, My name is Ryan and i'm looking for 2 players to join this game I'm starting on Fridays at 4:30pm PST. I'm still a beginning GM so bear with me as I learn to play the system. I'm looking for new or inexperienced players, but experienced players are welcome if you don't mind playing with newbies. So send me a message telling me a little about yourself , why you'd be a valuable member of our group, and your Skype name so we can talk more. Thanks and have a wonderful day. 




 Hmm, you're a little late to the party :P 




 I think you'd have a better time over at /r/rpg, but that's just my opinion :) 




 Absolutely yes, and at this price it's a steal. 




 For Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy, make sure you check out the [Knights of the Force expansion mod](http://kotf.com/main.htm). It adds a whole lot of stuff to the game and it's fun as hell to play with. Here's the list of features on the website.

KotF includes 100 new Star Wars characters, 150 skins, 70 lightsabers, 40 vehicles, 50 new stages, 130 NPCs, around 40 new and upgraded menus, 70 multiplayer maps and extraordinary CD menu. All these new features are in 2 GB and KotF requires 3.5 GB space on your hard disk. 




 This could work better if you replied :p

Yeah I was confirming with you that those days would work. 




 I can only do Mondays and Tuesdays after 4pm PST. That's about 6pm your time. 




 I'm currently the GM of 1 going on 2 games and I'm dying to play, my only question is what day and what time would we be playing? 




