  They're not going to play nice with Bernie Sanders just because he hasn't been on their radar.

True, but if some Republican idiots try launching anti-Semitic attacks against Bernie Sanders, then this will probably blow up in their own faces! :) 




 The problem with many Americans' view of socialism is that they tend to confuse socialism with Communism whereas in reality a good image of socialism (with some capitalism as well) would be the Scandinavian countries. 




 So you were both of these things together during autumn?

Also, I strongly apologize if I sound creepy. In addition to this, though, Yes, I *do* have a fetish for this and had such a fetish as long as I had a sex drive (since age 9 or 10). Indeed, I remember wearing such clothes myself a couple of times when I was 9 or 10 (and before I unfortunately had to deal with body hair and facial hair due to the effects of puberty along with my poor genetics). 




 Also, for the record, my fetish in regards to this also applies to *my own* body. 




 Yes, I do have a fetish for this, but I am certainly not interested in any pics of this. 




 Ausfags? 




 No, but some of them wear this anyway. :) 














 OK. 









  I feel like if I wear short shorts with knee high socks I'm in a life crisis.

Why exactly, though? 




 Not your style, eh? 




 Together. 









  I never wear knee socks at all.

Any particular reason for this? 




 Together. 




 I'm sorry if my curiosity in regards to this offended you. 




 Considering how narrowly Hillary Clinton lost, though, even a little boost might have been enough for her to win the 2008 Democratic nomination. 




 I am simply curious about this. 



















 Also, off-topic, but out of curiosity, do you think that Hillary Clinton would have won the Democratic nomination and the U.S. Presidency in 2008 without an Iraq War? 




 Would the Iraqi Shiites have been willing to rebel against Saddam after he slaughtered them for doing this in 1991, though? After all, if I recall, in real life, the Iraqi Shiites were hesitant to rebel against Saddam even in 2003, *after* a massive number of U.S. troops was already in Iraq. 









  and the Arab Spring might not have happened.

Why not, though? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 How exactly would European imperialism in the late 19th and 20th centuries look without a unified Germany? Which countries would acquire the colonies which Germany acquired in real life? Also, how exactly, if at all, would the lack of a united Germany have affected the colonial and imperial policies of other European countries? (For instance, I have previously heard that France might have pursued more aggressive imperialist policies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries due to its defeat by Prussia in 1871 and its resulting loss of Alsace-Lorraine; however, I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this information is.)

A good way to prevent (or at least, delay for a very long time) German unification might be to have Austria defeat Prussia at Koniggratz (Sadowa) and win the Austro-Prussian War of 1866.

Thoughts on this? 




 If you don't mind me asking, are you yourself a Kiwi? 




 Yeah, Trump isn't someone who is particularly qualified to talk about John McCain's Vietnam War service.

As for what happened to Kerry, I still find it amazing that the Republicans managed to portray Kerry as the traitor and Bush as the war hero whereas the opposite is much closer to the truth. 




 Yes, I certainly agree with that.

Of course, I do find it interesting that McCain graduated in the *bottom 1%* of his class at the military academy that he went to. 




 Donald Trump is a drama queen and nothing more. Enough said. 




 It *is* heroic, though. :) 




 Fucking Commies! :( 




 Hallelujah! That scary Mussolini face is no longer there! :) 









 How exactly would European imperialism in the late 19th and 20th centuries look without a unified Germany? Which countries would acquire the colonies which Germany acquired in real life? Also, how exactly, if at all, would the lack of a united Germany have affected the colonial and imperial policies of other European countries? (For instance, I have previously heard that France might have pursued more aggressive imperialist policies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries due to its defeat by Prussia in 1871 and its resulting loss of Alsace-Lorraine; however, I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this information is.)

A good way to prevent (or at least, delay for a very long time) German unification might be to have Austria defeat Prussia at Koniggratz (Sadowa) and win the Austro-Prussian War of 1866.

Thoughts on this? 




 Oh, and to clarify--I am certainly not endorsing any ethnic cleansing here. 




  Possibly on both, though again with some reservations. A shorter out flanking maneuver would have brought the Israelis into direct confrontation with Egyptians dug into Gaza, meaning higher casualties and slower progress. Much easier to attack where the enemy is weak and from a direction they don't expect you to take.

Good point; however, this also made it politically harder for Israel to capture the Gaza Strip due to British pressure.

 Regarding hypothetical expulsion of 200,000 hypothetically conquered civilians - yes, it could probably be done. The cost to Israel's international reputation would have been very high even then. The UN had already started to call for the return of Palestinian refugees to Israeli lands. Israel today can flout international public opinion due to its comfortable regional military superiority and close ties to the US. That was not the case in 1949. I doubt Britain would have taken kindly to their Egyptian allies being flooded with hundreds of thousands of Palestinians. Note also that Israel claimed that many if not most Palestinians left willingly; hard to argue that while simultaneously ethnically cleansing an area as large and dense as Gaza.

Did most people in the West in 1949 in real life actually believe Israel's claim that most of these Palestinians left willingly, though? Also, if the West was able to tolerate Israel's expulsion of Ashkelon's and Lod's/Lydda's Arab population, then why exactly would the West (other than perhaps Great Britain) be unwilling to likewise tolerate Israel's expulsion of the Gaza Strip's Arab population? 




 How exactly would European imperialism in the late 19th and 20th centuries look without a unified Germany? Which countries would acquire the colonies which Germany acquired in real life? Also, how exactly, if at all, would the lack of a united Germany have affected the colonial and imperial policies of other European countries? (For instance, I have previously heard that France might have pursued more aggressive imperialist policies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries due to its defeat by Prussia in 1871 and its resulting loss of Alsace-Lorraine; however, I am unsure as to exactly how accurate this information is.)

A good way to prevent (or at least, delay for a very long time) German unification might be to have Austria defeat Prussia at Koniggratz (Sadowa) and win the Austro-Prussian War of 1866.

Thoughts on this? 




 Yep. :) 




 Jambi? 




 Such as a Hindu enjoying something made from cow meat.

Any thoughts on this? 




 Where exactly? 




 I remember that clip! :) 




 Yep. :) 




 Thanks. ;) 




 Yep. :) 




  Two points to make here. One is that the bulk of the Egyptian Army's expedition force was concentrated in Gaza, from which they had tried and failed to conquer Israel's coastal plain. Israel's counterattack, Operation Horev, aimed at encircling and trapping the Egyptian Army in the Gaza Strip via invading Sinai. Israeli forces reached El Arish on the northern Sinai coast before heavy political pressure from Britain, which had a treaty agreement to defend Egypt from invasion and already was engaged in air skirmishes with the IDF, forced an Armistice. It's pretty safe to think of Egypt as a client state of the British Empire during this period and indeed up to the Suez Crisis.

 Without foreign intervention, it's quite probable that the Egyptian Army would have been trapped and forced to surrender.

I've got a question, though--could Israel have encircled these Egyptian Armies *without* ever entering Egypt itself, though?

 Point 2 to keep in mind is that the Gaza Strip at the time was already home to 200,000 Arabs, many of whom were refugees from areas already taken by the IDF. Conquering them would have more than doubled the Arab population of the new state of Israel, which in 1949 was approximately 160,000. Many of these refugees would have ubdoubtedly wanted to return to their old homes in the rest of what became Israel. This is perhaps a moot point since Israel never did conquer Gaza but is something to keep in mind when you contemplate how fortunate Israel might have been to take Gaza.

Couldn't Israel have simply expelled most or all of these Arabs if/after it would have conquered the Gaza Strip, though? 




  One of the potential successes of the Iraq war (though it is hard to say that much about it was a success, especially in retrospect) was the strong message it sent to the rest of the ME that there'd be little to no tolerance for this type of weapons deevelopment. Literally, this is probably the only thing that even moderates would acknowledge as potentially beneficial.

Yes, I agree with this (though, interestingly enough, North Korea learned the opposite lesson even back in 2003).

 Whether or not NATO would have been willing... that is another question. I am guessing that if the right information were ot have come to light we could contemplate massive embargoes and a tactical bombing campaign, and with the way that the Libyan regime collapsed recently one could imagine that Ghaddafi was aware that he might have been on unstable ground.

Couldn't NATO tactical bombing of Libya have resulted in Libyan retaliation against NATO member countries in Europe, though?

 NATO would probably have been on to do just enough to insure a massive mess for Ghaddafi, and I am guessing that combined US   European intelligence would have been enough to give the grounds and certainty to execute.

To give the ground and certainty to execute what exactly? 




 Really? Frankly, this image and link appear to work for me. 




 Ya. ;) 














 Is this post of mine now restored? 




 Actually, I myself have also previously heard about this being the reason as to why exactly North Korea was included in the Axis of Evil. Frankly, this makes sense considering that Bush didn't want to piss off Muslims too much, especially after he referred to the "War on Terror" as being a "crusade" several days after 9/11 (and thus offended a lot of Muslims).

Of course, Bush could have replaced Iran with Libya on his Axis of Evil. 














 Yep. ;) 




 You're welcome! ;) 




  Well again, it's one of those issues where it would solve itself before it was a problem.

Not if Libya would have secretly bought some Iranian and/or North Korean missiles, though.

 If Libya started developing missiles that could reach Europe, a conflict would have flared during that ramp-up process.

Not if Libya already has these missiles, though.

 But if they did have that ability, I still think they would have gone ahead and taken the chance that the command and control chaos caused by the revolution would have made long range retaliation less likely.

Just how much of a command and control chaos did Libya experience as a result of its 2011 civil war, though?

 I think so. Libya has been one of the closest watched antagonists to the U.S. for decades. Gaddafi was the OG of state-sponsored terrorism.

And yet the U.S. was apparently surprised at how much nuclear equipment Libya had in 2003.

 But we did learn it, didn't we.

That was only *after* Gaddafi allowed the U.S. and U.K. to visit Libya's nuclear sites in 2003, though.

 Well we bombed him anyways after started warming up to us and didn't threaten us with WMD's

Yes, but we didn't have to worry about Libyan retaliation in real life.

 so again, hypothetical WMD's would only have made us pull the trigger faster.

Maybe ... maybe. In this scenario, though, there would have actually been a risk of Libyan retaliation (unlike in real life). Thus, this is something that should be considered here as well.

 Maybe? It still seems like acquiring heavy arms is hard to get away with.

Maybe, but then again, what exactly do countries such as North Korea have to lose by doing this? After all, they are already sanctioned like crazy and their economy is already in the toilet. 




 Yeah--it's kind of sad that even if one was born in 1895 and lived to be a supercentenarian, one would still certainly be dead right now. :( 




 Good. :)

Also, though, it is a bit eerie that every single person who was alive in 1895 (which is approximately when this photo was taken) is already dead right now. :( 




 This photo is certainly interesting, though; I first saw it on Wikipedia and was intrigued at getting a window into an ordinary family's life 120 years ago. 




 Frankly, I think that she was just tired or sleepy when this photo was taken. 




 OK; that said, though, do you have a better map for this? 




 So you think that ISIS wants to create a permanent (and new) country of its own in the Sunni-majority areas of Iraq and Syria? 




 Also, I just read about the practice of post-mortem photos and it scared the living daylights out of me. :( 




 Yeah, I made sure that this photo of mine was legit before I posted it here. :)

Perhaps I should have posted the original source of this photo here immediately, though. 




  Difficult questions. I think federalisation is definitely the best course of action, it should help to soften ethnic tension.

Agreed.

 Afghan democracy is a joke, elections have always been fraudulent; ballot boxes being stuffed to the brim is a huge problem. In the last election Abdullah should've won, but Ghani instead won through fraud.

Source for this claim of yours, please? Also, in regards to Ghani, while I am unsure whether or not he won fairly, it is worth noting that having him as President might be better for Afghanistan than having Abdullah as President would have been. After all, Afghanistan needs more technocrats in power.

 I think the economy is going to get worse and worse, we have minerals but not enough mining is going on and there's a lot of fraud. We rely on western aid, afghanistan unfortunately always relied on aid, from Soviet Union to now the west.

How about having China help extract this mineral wealth in Afghanistan, though?

 Education is definitely improving, and that's afghansitan only hope really, ont education can turn this country around. There's also the problem of tribal backward culture which has been holding this country back for decades.

Agreed.

 Over the last ten years the country has of course improved for the better, the Taliban was in power before.

Agreed.

 However security has been deteriorating and attacks are still frequent.

Well, maybe the peace talks with the Taliban will eventually be successful. :) 




 Thank you very much. :) 




 "Too," not "to." :) 




 Actually, you appear to be incorrect in regards to this specific photo:

http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=pv GRid=7604285 PIpi=567719 




 Yep. :) 


































  Yes, there would have been significant incentive for Europe and the U.S. to take out Libya's WMD's as part of the military strike.

Would there have even been a NATO military strike if Libyan missiles could hit Europe, though?

 If the Arab spring didn't happen but they seemed on their way to building a nuclear weapon I think it's likely the U.S. would have bombed them.

Good point; that said, though, would the U.S. have known about Libya's nuclear weapons building progress in time? After all, as far as I know, the U.S. was surprised as how much nuclear equipment Libya acquired from the A.Q. Khan network.

 All that said, Gaddaffi was orienting towards a more pro-western (or at least not explicitly anti-western) foreign policy at the time.

Yes; thus, let's assume that Gaddafi still accepts responsibility for Lockerbie and agrees to pay financial compensations to the families of the Lockerbie victims but nonetheless insists on keeping his WMDs and his nuclear weapons program in this scenario.

 I don't think they ever had the capability to accurately launch missiles at Europe though I could be wrong.

Couldn't Libya have bought some great missiles from North Korea and/or from Iran, though? 




 Yes, unfortunately.

Thanks for that, Al-Qaeda (obvious sarcasm)! :( 




 Huh? 




 Any thoughts on this statement? 









 Thanks for this info. :)

Thus, should I delete this photo, or what? 




 You're talking about my second photo here rather than about my original photo here, correct? 




  It would likely have motivated them to invade even faster. 

In order to secure Libya's chemical weapon and nuclear weapon stockpiles, you mean?

 Libya was an air campaign, we didn't put soldiers on the ground, so we weren't facing much threat from chemical weapons.

Couldn't Gaddafi have launched chemical weapons at Europe if he would have had good enough missiles, though?

 If he had somehow managed to build several functioning nuclear missiles before then that would have worked as deterrence, but any program on that track would have been already bombed.

By whom exactly? By Israel? 




 What about this photo, though? :

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Rue-de-Rivoli-1855.jpg 









 Agreed. 




 Agreed. :)

For the record, though, I do think that the aftermath of the Libya intervention was bungled. 









  This is actually one of the complaints people have with Hillary. By intervening in Libya after they had given up their weapons program, that made other countries much more reluctant to give up theirs.

Possibly; however, Hillary can respond to this by saying that dictators shouldn't worry about the U.S. and NATO overthrowing them if they are not going to be excessively brutal.

 As the former Secretary of State, she should definitely answer for this.

Yes, she should, but I might already have an answer that she can use for this. :) 



















 In other words, would NATO have been willing to risk having Britain, France, and/or Italy be targets of Libyan WMD attacks or even of Libyan nuclear attacks?

Any thoughts on this? 




 It might very well be possible, but please keep in mind that allowing this when one can prevent this using medical intervention would probably be utterly idiotic due to the fact that being 9 feet tall can possibly have negative health consequences for human beings. 




 I'm not sure if I (at 1.83-1.84 meters, or about exactly 6 feet) would count for this, but I absolutely *love* being taller than 98% or 99% of all women! :) Seriously. 




  Not historically Israel.

If you are referring to this map here:

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/Kingdom_of_Israel_1020_map.svg

--then I would like to point out that Israel annexed Ashdod, Ashkelon, and Eilat in spite of the fact that there were not a part of historical Israel.

 Loaded with Palestinians.

While I would certainly have not endorsed this, couldn't Israel have simply expelled most of these Palestinians if they would have been unwilling to leave the Gaza Strip voluntarily? After all, as far as I know, Israel did expel some Palestinians in 1948-1949.

 An assumption was made that Egypt or Jordan would take over the space as a bargaining chip even though neither did.

Didn't Egypt occupy the Gaza Strip after 1949, though? 









 I am always curious about this considering that the Gaza Strip could have already been an incredibly nice beachfront property if it would have been conquered by Israel in 1948-1949.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 I am always curious about this considering that the Gaza Strip could have already been an incredibly nice beachfront property if it would have been conquered by Israel in 1948-1949.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 I am always curious about this considering that the Gaza Strip could have already been an incredibly nice beachfront property if it would have been conquered by Israel in 1948-1949.

Anyway, any thoughts on this?
 




 I am always curious about this considering that the Gaza Strip could have already been an incredibly nice beachfront property if it would have been conquered by Israel in 1948-1949.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 



















  This board sees a lot of discussion from people outside the board on the subject of child support, and I'd like to gently inform you that it's not terribly welcome.

OK.

 Here is a previous large thread on this: https://www.reddit.com/r/prochoice/comments/2e0i23/question_for_prochoicers/

OK; I'll make sure to check out this thread later on.

 It's the general consensus here that the issue of child support is tangential at best to the issue of reproductive freedom.

I don't entirely agree with this, though; after all, as I said before, a lot of the arguments which pro-choicers use in favor of legalized abortion can likewise be used in favor of giving males an opt-out from paying child support.

Also, for the record, the bodily autonomy argument has never been entirely convincing to me. Heck, I'm pro-choice, but even I don't view bodily autonomy as being a holy cow.

 If you are interested in discussing child support further, you would probably get some rousing support at /r/mensrights.

Yes, I suppose. Of course, couldn't that Reddit group simply be an Echo chamber in regards to this?

 If you specifically want to discuss it with somebody who is pro-choice, you're welcome to PM me.

OK; will do! :) 




 Thanks for sharing this info. :) 




 Thanks for clarifying this part. :) 




 The thing is, though, that bodily autonomy isn't the only argument which is used to justify legalized abortion; indeed, some of the other arguments which are used to justify legalized abortion can also be used to justify giving males an opt-out from paying child support.

Also, do you think that men whose vasectomies failed and whose female sexual partners lied or changed their minds in regards to abortion or adoption should be forced to pay child support? Serious question, for the record. 




 Yes, I am certainly aware of that. However, what about if an extremely feminine genderqueer eunuch with a penis and a lesbian have sex? Would it still be considered lesbian sex in such a case? Serious question, for the record. 




 Thanks for this information! :) 




 Looks totally awesome based on what I have seen! :) Thanks for sharing. :) 




 A Hitachi? 




 Thanks for clarifying this part. :)

Good God--after looking that up, I *strongly* wish that I was a binary (trans-)woman rather than "merely" genderqueer. :( My God--that looks totally awesome! :) Seriously. :) 




 Of course, I do have a younger (almost 15 year old) sister who also lives in the same house that I live in, so ... 




 I wish. ;) 




 What exactly is tribulation? 




 Out of curiosity, if you don't mind me asking, did you ever use a dildo when you had lesbian sex? 




 No, but I will look it up now that you mentioned it. :) 




 Internet porn appears to be blocked at my house, though. 




 I don't think that I am that confused about my gender identity, but if I will discover that I am a transbian, then this certainly wouldn't be bad. However, again, I don't think that I am a transbian. 




 I mean, I did previously do some reading about this, but this pales in comparison to hearing personal experiences. 




 For the record, though, my initial post in this thread might have been too brash, and for that, I apologize. 




 I apologize for asking this, but I am genuinely extremely curious about this. Also, bisexual women who are or who have previously been in a lesbian relationship or even a lesbian one-night stand can also answer this question.

Basically, I myself am a genderqueer person who was born with a male body but who often cross-dreams about the idea of being a woman (with a female brain/mind and everything). While my cross-dreaming is primarily non-sexual, there is at least a little bit of a sexual component to it.

Anyway, any thoughts on this? 




 Beautifully said, temporius! :) 




  For many people, love is a very important part in marriage, which is a strong motivational factor in their support of the marriage equality cause.

Yes, I get that. I am just saying that legally speaking, I don't think that love means anything in regards to marriage.

 There is no single argument that the lack of acceptance currently hinges on. There are probably many arguments, and they'll all need to be addressed, including the wider effects that a complete removal of the incest taboo would have on society. This isn't just about the nice couple who fell in love and discovered after years of romance that they're actually related.

Fair enough, I suppose. 




 It's not every day that a Family Guy episode gets removed. 









 Wow! He certainly appears to be an extremely lucky guy! :) Thus, my congratulations go to him! :) 




  Nah, to balance out all that luck he will probably die crushed by an old satellite that hits him
 Only him
 In the middle of a city street

You appear to be guilty of the Gambler's fallacy here:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambler%27s_fallacy 




  Sure there are (also) better arguments. They all add up to our case for equal marriage.

Fair enough, I suppose.

 It's a nice slogan and it probably convinces a big number of people. Other people are more responsive to other arguments.

OK; fair enough. Basically, this argument might help change some people's minds, though from an intellectual perspective, it appears to be a weak argument. After all, legally speaking, marriage isn't about love--rather, it is about various benefits and whatnot.

 That's not how rights are given or recognized. The "incest community" would need to make their own case, and address all objections and counter-arguments that people generally have, fight for acceptance etc, similar to what same-sex marriage proponents have achieved.

Yes, you are correct about this in the legal sense. However, I was trying to give the "incest community" a way to win this argument in the intellectual sense which might perhaps eventually help them win this argument in the legal sense as well. 




 Why exactly shouldn't, say, two lifelong friends be able to get married if they so choose? 




  Equal love is one of many arguments in favor of same-sex marriage.

OK, but wouldn't a better argument in favor of same-sex marriage be equal marriage (as in, opposite-sex marriages are no better than same-sex marriages)?

 Love as an argument in favor does neither mean that it's the argument nor that it's a prerequisite for all cases.

True, but the love argument does appear to be overused, in my honest opinion.

 Those who want incestuous marriage will need to make their own case and successfully deal with all additional objections and counter-arguments, before it will even be considered.

OK--thus, what about this argument:

Consenting adults should be able to enter into legal contracts (including marriage) with other legal adults. As for the risk of genetic defects, what exactly is the magic number for this--10%? 5%? 1%? 0.1%? 0.01%? Unless you can provide such a magic number, I don't think that the state should be able to ban incestuous marriage. Plus, as far as I know, women above the age of 35 are also more likely to give birth to children with conditions such as Down's syndrome; however, such women are still (rightfully) allowed to marry and to reproduce.

There--how exactly was that argument in favor of legalizing incestuous marriage between two consenting adults? 














 Hang on--so if I will become a eunuch and take female hormones and will begin fapping less, then I am going to gradually go blind? Completely serious question, for the record. 




 I think that my record is fapping 4 times per day; however, I don't necessary see anything wrong with fapping 6 times per day. 









 Any thoughts on this? 




 OK; that said, though, would Germany have lost as much territory as it actually did in this scenario? Also, would Germany have still been divided/partitioned after the end of World War II in this scenario? In addition, would there have been a Stab-in-the-Back Myth 2.0 in this scenario? 



















 I was obviously joking here. 




  I think Clinton handled Oslo well. He almost got an agreement. At the time, Arafat seemed for real to many, compared to what else was out there. If he helped Ehud, that's why.

Yes, many people did unfortunately believe in Arafat up to 2000; of course, there were some people, such as Netanyahu, who were skeptical of Arafat even before 2000.

 No one thought Arafat would unleash the second intifada between 1993 and late 2000.

The scale of the Second Intifada might have been unforeseen; however, even before 2000, there were some people (such as Netanyahu) who were skeptical of Arafat and his intentions.

 Clinton didn't put his feet on his desk talking to Netanyahu. He also didn't start the kind of public spats with him Obama has, calling out the Likud party like Obama has, even if he supported Labor.

True, though again, I think that Obama's spats with Netanyahu are more style than substance. For instance, I don't think that Obama has ever threatened to cut U.S. aid to Israel.

 Nor did he talk to Iran directly as Obama has

Do you have a better way of regulating Iran's nuclear program, though?

 or treat rogue leaders like Chavez and Castro better than Netanyahu.

Fair enough, I suppose.

 Plus, Clinton was/is much more popular in Israel than Obama has been.

That's because many Israelis unfortunately care more for style than for substance; in regards to substance, Obama actually hasn't been particularly bad for Israel.

 Obama's actions have been anti-Netanyahu much more than anyone; his actions are deliberately done to be used by Bibi's opponents against him, and they are.

Actually, if anything, I have the impression that Netanyahu's public spats with Obama actually *help* Netanyahu due to the fact that many Israelis (unfairly, in my honest opinion) dislike Obama. Yes, Netanyahu's political opponents have tried using these spats to weaken him, but they don't appear to have succeed in this (not yet, at least).

 Obama hasn't visited Israel while Netanyahu has been in office; Clinton did.

Actually, you appear to be incorrect in regards to this:

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/extra/2013/03/obama-visits-israel-and-west-bank/

"President Barack Obama is in Israel this week, marking his first presidential trip to the country since taking office five years ago."

Also, in regards to Bill Clinton, I also have some other problems with his foreign policy (and that's not getting into his domestic policy):

1. He didn't do anything to stop the Rwandan Genocide (though admittedly neither did the leaders of, say, Britain, France, and other European countries).

2. His administration didn't take up Muammar Gaddafi on his offer(s) to give up his WMDs and/or his nuclear weapons program

3. His administration, while tougher on Al-Qaeda than Bush Jr.'s was before 9/11, wasn't tough enough on Al-Qaeda. For instance, Clinton's response to the 1998 African embassy bombings was too small, in my honest opinion.

4. A stylistic difference, but Clinton and his administration was too soft in their language towards rogue states; indeed, Madeleine Albright even stopped calling them rogue states in 2000 and preferred to sue the term "states of concern" instead.

5. His administration screwed up with that Somalia intervention in 1993. 




  By far the most overstated meme out there. There is little in data out there that shows Hillary to be more polarizing nationally than Jeb or anyone recent favorable/unfavorable.

Fair enough, I suppose. Of course, my concern is that, with the exception of her time as U.S. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton's favorable-unfavorable ratings were often not that good.

 And before the recent negative coverage, her numbers were much higher.

Yes, but this is my concern--the more that Hillary is a candidate, the more that she might be exposed to negative media coverage.

(Also, for what it's worth, I still support Hillary Clinton in 2016 because she's probably the best candidate that the Democrats have in this election; however, it certainly doesn't hurt to ask questions.)

 Thing is that this "polarizing" bit started after Clinton took office. Clinton was the first Boomer president, and thus boomer press corp took gloves off they kept on for the "greatest generation." GG press guys moved out. Boomers were also more shaped by Watergate and making careers like Woodward/Bernstein, hence why press is so much worse today than 30 years ago, plus the fairness doctrine issue. If the Clintons were so polarizing, why does Bill still have high ratings? Why did Bill blow his opponents out in states like Missouri, West Virginia, and even in LA (he beat Dole 52-37 there in 1996), states which no Dem has won since? Or why was Bill able to take NJ, CT, MI, VT, PA, CA, ME, MD, and DE away from Republicans permanently (NH almost perm)? He did leave office with high approvals and still has a high retrospective job approval, while he's alive, not dead like Reagan/Kennedy/etc.?

Actually, the impression that I got is that Hillary Clinton is the polarizing Clinton. As you said, Bill Clinton still appears to be pretty popular (if not *very* popular); however, for some reason, his popularity might not have rubbed onto Hillary that much. 




