 I agree. So maybe more real journalists should do more to hold Fox accountable. Is there any kind of codified statement of ethics or set of professional standards for the profession? 









 The links are documentation, comparable  to footnotes in an academic paper. Do you really not see the difference? 














 All are white. 




 Nope --all white. 




 Actually the article states all three are white. 




 I'm not seeing how this content is re hosted. It's reported. 


































 So when did the Democrats propose something like this? 
























 Did you read the article? 



















 In Chicago, election judges got deceptive rob ovals that resulted in many of them not showing up at the polls, resulting in voting delays? Republicans were the culprits. 



















 You're probably right. I'm still glad they're in, though. 
























 So when people cast a vote for Republicans, what were they voting for? 



















 I think one interesting thing about this article is Rich's warning that Hillary Clinton will need to stand for something or she could meet the same fate as 2014's Democrats. 



















 I think you're fine in the 70s. Upper 120s is probably a bit high for a non-diabetic.  




 I had two aunts who lost a lot of weight with TOPS back in the 1960s -- and they kept it off! I didn't know the organization still existed! That's great! 




 There are certainly exceptions to this "suggestion." We always regarded our youngest, who was our third, as a gift for the entire family. He brought joy to the whole family. His older siblings adored him, and still do, as do we.  




 The problem is that the yahoo states elect yahoos to Congress who then obstruct legislation that the country as a whole would benefit from. They drag everyone down. 


































 It sounds really good. Thanks. 





























 I don't believe prions are affected by heat.  




 Congratulations, great job!  




 I know! Me too! 




 This is such a helpful thread. 




 Such good advice, mlloyd. It is going to become my mantra. 
























 Yeah they can be inconvenient. Maybe she could set it to vibrate rather than beep. If she calibrates it though, and is pretty confident in the readings, she can probably do fewer finger prick tests during the day. You do have to confirm with a fingerprick before giving an insulin dose though.

Good luck to you both. 









 The minimed insertion sets will work with animus pumps. If you're thin the angled silhouettes can work pretty well. See if your doctor has a couple of samples or if you can get a few samples from minimed, just to try them.  



















 Dexcom is a brand of continuous glucose monitor: http://dexcom.com/

A sensor has to be inserted like a pump site, and the sensor sends a glucose reading from the interstitial fluid between your cells, every couple of minutes. You carry around a receiver with a screen that shows you the info. My son has found it helps with control but it is a hassle to deal with a second site, and the receiver is another thing to lug around, so he only uses it sporadically. Plus you have to confirm with a finger stick before doing a correction with insulin, because the interstitial readings can be less accurate than the blood readings you get with a conventional bg monitor with finger sticks. But it is a great tool to fine tune control because it also shows trends, like if you are dropping or rising quickly.

He has used the front part of his thighs. And he uses the angled insertion set, the minimed silhouette, so he can get a shallower insertion. He is very thin, and like I said, he has run into too-quick insulin uptake issues there, so his go-to is still butt/hip. 

Hope this helps. 




 He uses a minimed silhouette angled insertion kit and yes, he does use the inserter. When he was a kid I used to do the insertions for him and I agree, the way that thing shoots in there looks pretty violent. But he has always used the inserter and still does. 

When I say hip, I really mean upper butt, towards the outside. So like under the outer side of a back jean pocket. Not on the actual side of the hip, where the pants side seam would be. I would say upper outer quadrant of his butt is probably his most used site over the years. He also uses his thighs, but gets quicker uptake of insulin there so he can potentially have more low bgs with thighs. He uses stomach only for his Dexcom cgm at this point. I know some people use upper outer arm for pump sites, but he does not like the idea of the tubing going up through his shirt. 

Hope this helps.  




 They are not going to regenerate the pancreas beta cells, they are going to transplant new ones in. 

They are going to encapsulate the beta cells in a substance that allows the insulin out but protects them from the autoimmune attack.  




 Same equipment my 23 year old son uses. Agree that it is easier to be in good control now, and this breakthrough makes it easier to be hopeful for the future.  




 Is your gf using the continuous monitor? That can be helpful if your gf doesn't like to do the finger pricks too much. 




 NoFussFred, sorry to hear about your diagnosis, I know it is overwhelming at first. There are many tools that can help you keep good control (pumps, continuous glucose monitors) but this breakthrough can also give you real hope of a future where you are making your own insulin again. Be hopeful. 




 My son's been using butt/hip sites for years.  




 Hang in there. As the parent of a T1 23-year-old son. I'm excited and hopeful we'll see this in 5-8 years.  




 Big pharma is not going to shut this down. Doug Melton of Harvard has two T1 kids and is determined to find a cure.  




 This is not going to happen. The head researcher of the Harvard lab, Doug Melton, has two T1 kids and this is personal for him. 




 Agreed. Not to mention the insurance companies would save the cost of occasional ER visits and of treating potential complications down the line.  




 JDRF is also a funder for Dr. Melton's research at Harvard.  




 Maybe not quite that quick but it will happen. I'd say five years, maybe a bit longer but not much. Dr. Melton of Harvard has two diabetic kids and this is personal for him. I'm sure this will be developed as quickly as is possible, but they have to make sure everything is safe. Hang in there. 




 While it may be expensive, think of the money saved on treating all the complications type 1 diabetics can be subject to later in life, which can include amputations, kidney and heart disease, nerve damage. And treating type 1 diabetes on a daily basis is expensive too -- insulin, insulin pumps, blood glucose meters, meter test stripsSo even if this treatment is expensive, it can save money in the long run.  




 I believe data has been shared. These are two teams using two different approaches. The scientific community will see which approach is better. 




 I doubt that they wonder about that. Just because new ailments appear is no reason not to cure the diseases that people are currently suffering from.  




 My son is 23 and he was diagnosed at age 10. Hang in there, this is potentially very very good news.  




 This is a potential cure for type 1 diabetes, which is an autoimmune disease and usually strikes children -- type 1 is not brought on by sweets, or your diet or exercise level. The type of diabetes that you get from improper diet, too many sweets, and not enough exercise is type 2 diabetes. This breakthrough will only cure type 1, not type 2.  




 That's okay, 5 more years is not that long to wait to make sure it's safe.  




 Hang in there. This is a very promising breakthrough. 




 Here is another account of the Harvard research:

http://scienceblog.com/74759/harvard-scientists-claim-giant-leap-diabetes-via-stem-cell-production/#q4EGcEtqiPchk5dl.97 




 Yes, as the parent of a T1 son I agree, this is potentially huge.  




 Be hopeful. My 23-year-old son has been T1 for 12 years, and this is the first truly hopeful development I've seen. Doug Melton of Harvard has two T1 kids and has devoted the last 15 years to this. 




 That's great! Congratulations! 




 Gosh, you look great! Congrats! 




 Congratulations, that is fantastic! I can't wait for that feeling! 




 I've been there, though I've never lost that much to begin with. When I signed up for this subreddit, I saw that someone had suggested reading Brain Over Binge by Kathryn Hansen. I found it interesting and it has been helpful to me, I think. I definitely have emotional triggers for eating and this book kind of released me from feeling that I had to solve every potential psychological issue in order to lose weight. The book spells out how many eating issues are habit, and that kind of took the power of that habit away for me, or at least enabled me to see it in less daunting terms and as a more manageable thing that I could control.

That said, I also agree with the practical advice others have given here to track calories. My Fitness Pal will break down what you eat into percentages of carb, protein and fat. That's been helpful to me because I found that upping the percentage of protein and even fat as a percentage of my daily calories has helped me feel fuller longer. Some people have had success with keto too, though I am not going that route. To me, logging is a good way to keep the feeling that, while I may fall off the wagon sometimes and be less than perfect, I can keep control and meet my goal at the next meal, or the next day. 

Lastly, maybe you need to up your caloric intake somewhat from 1500 for awhile. That may be contributing to your going off the diet after 3-4 days.  




 How did you lose the first 65 pounds? That is so impressive! 




 This is such good advice. As a beginner who has found it hard to stay on track, I would say that logging is key to climbing back on that wagon when I've fallen off. Keep on loggin! 




 You are cute in both pix but look so much fitter now! Congrats and thank you for sharing your inspiring example! 




 Great job! The up and down pattern you describe is all too familiar to me. I'm looking forward to the 10 pound flair! You are within ten of your goal! Yay! 




 You look fantastic! Congratulations, I'm inspired by your example! 




 Yeah we will! 









 I know exactly what you're talking about, alexsjaan. I'd love to see sz 10 again! I've been an 18W at points in the past, currently at 16W. I think just getting into the regular Misses sizes from the plus sizes will be a huge milestone for me.  




 omg, that is so great! I'm so excited for you! And the shopping spree you're going to have, just four pounds from now! 




 Congratulations! That is wonderful! 









 Thank you! The encouragment helps! 




 60 yo female, 5'6", OW 202, GW 150, CW 197. I was almost afraid to post this because I'm afraid I'll slip back. But putting it out here may be one way to help ensure that that doesn't happen. Another way is to keep reading all the inspiring stories here. Thanks to all for sharing their experiences and helping me stay motivated. I'm using MFP and trying to do the treadmill at least five times a week.  It does feel really good to be under 200 for the first time in years. 




 That's interesting and helpful. Thanks, and sorry to hear about your illness! 














 Do the gallstones have anything to do with rapid weight loss? I had a friend go on a pretty stringent diet a few years ago and she got them. 




 Pretty both before and after, but I'm sure you feel much more fit and healthy at your current weight-you are so petite! Congrats! 




 Did you read the article? The word "punishes" is being used figuratively. Let me paraphrase it for you: "False Confidence Can Lead to Problems When Dealing With Ebola." Is that easier to understand? 














 Congrats -- talk about a fast start! Thanks for sharing your story. 




 Congratulations! That is just great! Good luck with your surgery, it will be so much better to go into it having lost the weight! You're an inspiration! 




 I agree, you are very pretty in your before pix too! And now, you look fantastic! Great job, you are an inspiration! 





































































