 Cool, thanks for the advice!

Here's my situation. Sorry that it's pretty wordy:

Right now, in terms of electronics, I have a gopro, a dslr, a portable USB hard drive and an iPhone. What I've been doing up until this point is transferring the pictures and footage from the cameras to the phone via the cameras' built in "wifi hotspot" mode, then backing up to Google Drive over the hotel's wifi, but it's problematic.
 
The gopro takes hours to wirelessly transmit footage, the dslr only transmits lower resolution photos, and the Google Drive is entirely dependent on how good the hotel's wifi is, which can vary quite a bit. I've used internet shops to transfer the SD cards to my hard drive, which works out fine, but I'd rather do this boring junk from my hotel room so I can spend my daylight hours exploring.

I started looking for cheap tablets that can do this sorta stuff, and that might be the best option in the end, but when I came across the Filehub, it seemed like the perfect cheap solution. It lets you connect SD cards to portable hard drives and you copy the files over with a File Management app. It's tiny and cheap (I'm operating on a filthy backpacker scum budget), and it has some nice bonus features, like media streaming and, on the latest model ( http://www.ravpower.com/ravpower-rp-wd01-filehub-3000mah-power-bank.html ) you can hook it up to ethernet and make your own hotspot. Would have been helpful in a couple spots. 

TL;dr: I should just suck it up and buy a tablet.  




 I'm traveling across SE Asia for 6 months and I saw this ( http://www.ravpower.com/ravpower-rp-wd01-filehub-3000mah-power-bank.html ) on a r/gadgets thread. Seems like it would be handy, seeing how dumping footage off of my gopro has been a hassle during the first two months through Vietnam.

 In a few days I'll be in the HCMC area  for about two weeks and I was wondering how Amazon works over here, where I can ship it to (I don't have anywhere booked yet, kinda winging this whole trip), or if anyone's seen something similar to this. 

Just a couple other miscellaneous questions to throw in:
 Is there a Facebook group for HCMC Traveller's/expats? Hanoi Massive was super helpful while I was up north. 

Anyone know where to get a decent waterproof backpack cover? I lost mine somewhere in Da Lat

Anyone wanna drink a couple dozen Ba hoys this week with an utterly lost Texan? I'll be the guy with the oil gushing out of the beat up Honda Win

Edit: Damnit! I just saw the other delivery thread that was just posted, my bad. Still, maybe somebody has some ideas about this thing, specifically.  




 I fly in today and I'm totally down. Nothing like a couple of drinks to chase away the jet lag! 




 Well, like Black Panther, but with a transparent suit... 




