 The question is intentionally ambiguous.; it targets the post communist society but certainly the process off surpassing capitalism in order to find ourselves at Communism or even Anarchism. Humans are greedy and even if we are satisfied on the surface,  I like to ask if we ever will be satisfied? All we do is strive for the longevity in benign emotions which really brews tension in our subconsciousness on happiness, but once we've achieved a utopia (in theory)  what happens next? Where do we go when we're fed up with a utopia? However, maybe we won't be. 









 Good point on the whole longevity of emotions. Have you ever seen the movie memento? It's like our short term memory is continually erasing our emotions, not they actually are very real to begin with: just products of our imagination and some hormones. Of course this is biological: I mean no one wants to have to continually feel pain, but why do you think it is so common for people to feel negative emotions for a longer period of time? Additionally, for those who can find happiness: I think a great philosophy to live by is to be happy. So I think it's fine to have a cascade of temporary happiness, but what about happiness for a society. Do you believe it holds the same philosophy?  




 I'm definitely addressing left-wing ideologies for this question and in theory, eradication of a government will foster benign human nature because the government, in theory, is the cause of all of our inhumanity and immoral behavior (morality is a whole other conversation in itself if you're up for the convo). So let's say we live simply, basking in our interests and fulfilling the life we want that will provide us with the most happiness. We all have the same resources and there is no private property. Civilization no longer suffers from the all so consuming evil brainwash of capitalism, materialism, injustice, etc. what happens next? What happens when we really we are happy and want more? I'm not asking what is the point of trying to be happy (I mean what's the point of anything really) but what happens next? I'm not looking for a reply that essentially says "why not? We've made a utilitarian society that's given equality to all." (Or something along those lines) I'm really open to a lot of views on this; I'm just looking for a really great discussion. 




 Private property can exist in anarchy, but that's right-winged anarchy. I assume you're talking about left-winged anarchy.   So you're asking about how individuals could survive and function in a society with no regulation. Right? Well, in theory, no government would cause individuals to be pretty benign and humane beings. There would be no desire for stealing or murder because (for the most part) this is the product of the government (and materialism, religion, classism, etc.) with this said, people would likely form communes in order to achieve a utilitarian society. I like to think of the Kibbutz as a great example of this (of course there was government and it modeled socialism thus no innovation ) but for the short term this community definitely seemed to model anarchy moderately. They had a democracy, no private property, and even children stayed together and were parented by all of the adults. 


Edit: patented to parented and human to humane 




 I walked alongside some tall grasses and flowers this morning. It was beautiful in a fulfilling way. Ya know? Here I am alive, well, conscious, and alert simply immersed in so much beauty. I like to think this was a moment where I felt quite a bit of clarity. Like, yeah I'm insignificant but to me this is real and honest: I can feel life all around me: it's breathing and it exists to me. Who cares about the reality of the cosmos or God, I'm a human being who does not have the capability of fathoming such the complexity in their nature. So screw it. God damn I'm alive and that's sick. So I picked a flower. I picked a flower and realized that I will always be greedy. Even in a moment where I felt fulfilled, I wanted the beauty in the flower to be mine forever. I needed it. Here I am thinking for a moment that I am really happy. I felt happy, and I was happy on the surface for sure. But i didn't want to let go of it. Is it possible to ever be happy? Could we train a person and his subconsciousness or a society to achieve some sort of fulfilling happiness? Do you think it's needed? Because I do think most of us would pick the flowers in a utopia. 




 This is terrifying  




