 Tell him how you feel. If he doesn't change, or even worse belittles what you're saying and ignores it (which is what he probably will do based on your post), then say "okay, have a great life, good luck being happy" and move on.

 




 Uhhh, tell her you don't want to drive 16 hours in 4 days? If she's going to get actually MAD at you, then there are bigger issues here.

It's Fourth of July. There will be a lot more if you're going to get married. 




 I remember when I was in 3rd or 4th grade, it was the first day of school, and I got quarantined in a room with a bunch of other kids who didn't have their current MMR vaccines. They wouldn't let me back in class until I got my vaccinations current.

When I was a kid I was like "this is stupid, wtf" and now I think "wait, why isn't it like this everywhere?" 




 http://imgur.com/oH7FLAA

I've had this saved on my computer for literally 10 years. 




 She's got issues beyond whatever you two have going on. 

Get out before it becomes an even more serious problem. Sever all ties, go on the trip, and move on when you get back.  




 MySpace. Almost 10 years.

He messaged me asking if one of my friends was single. I said I didn't know, because I hadn't seen her in a few months.

Next thing I know it's 2am and he's asking me about movies. Following day we talked a bunch more, then went and saw The Cave. 

Turns out we were practically neighbors, living only a few blocks from each other. We've had ups and downs but it's been a great ten years. :) 




 ChristianMingle.com.  




 I honestly have no idea what makes us get into these certain mindsets. 

Unless there's something she said that you can put your finger on that would make you rethink everything, then you might just be bored. Example: If my boyfriend out of the blue said "god I hate animals" I would be like "this is over".

Like I said, I would wait a week or two or three before making any decisions like ending it with her. The stagnant period might end. If it lasts and you find it getting worse, then it might be time to call it quits. 




 Every once in a while relationships go through stagnant periods. I've been with my boyfriend for almost ten years and there are some days/weeks where I'm just like... what am I doing? This guy drives me crazy! And then it goes away for a couple years.

I wouldn't make any rash decisions for a little bit.  




 Ugggggh, no advice, but I have been there.

I started that book at like 1 in the morning. By 7 or 8 I was still awake and bawling. 

Read One Plus One by Jojo Moyes after, it'll soften the blow.  




 Andie MacDowell. Just thinking about her makes me angry. 




 I went into that movie completely blind, only saw the poster, no trailer or anything. Didn't even know the plot.

Walked out with it being one of my all time favorites, and it still is. It's just so funny and heartbreaking. It has it all. 




 Boyfriend and I went to see Click and the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie that didn't come out until the next day started playing. Everyone was like "fuck yeah!" and we all settled in... except one dick who got up and told the theater staff who gave us free tickets and sent us on our way.

Didn't see Click until a year or two later when I was feeling loathsome. Thankfully I didn't actually have to pay to see it. 




