 Amen brother! 




 Do you think that car is anything like the show.  You can drive around for hours but not get anywhere? 




 Ya I always thought of it just as an honorary title.   




 Blue beard in the fate/zero killed little children.   




 Ooooo Hannibal lecter would make a great servant.  When he starts feeding you oysters and walnuts I would start to worry though. 




 I haven't gotten that far in dark souls 2 yet so I guess. 




 I understand it's like a running theme but yakno it did seem a bit overused. 




 Ya I always thought they overused the world Blood. 




 Yona of the dawn? 




 Videogames.  Buy a ps4, play The Last of Us.  It will change your life. 




 If I get excited the world might explode. 




 Ohhh I'm sad now. 




 He should go threw with it.  That'll teach them queers. 




 Same here.  That was the first anime I watched and I was blown away.  Didn't see that coming from a mile away. 




 Parks and Recreation. 




 Ooooo nice ass. 




 HA! I just spit water all over my computer screen. 




 I just finished it acouple days ago...I don't know what to do with my life anymore. 




 Spotify.  I absolutely love it.  $5.99 per month and no adds.  Yes sir, use it every day. 




 Needs more cowbell!!! 




 I DON'T EVEN HAVE A LAST NAME.  IN THE SHOW I WAS JUST CREWMAN #6!! 




 I don't think I've ever felt "sexy" but I have felt extreme confidence.  I would guess that's the male equivalent. 




 What is table-kun? 




 Is it really as horrible as I've been led to believe? 




 I just started reading blood meridian.  It seems good im just having a hard time getting into it. 




 I would do what I did in skyrim.  Collect every wheel of cheese. 




 He was the only good character in the show.  It was still shit though. 




 I was just about to ask if this show got any better.  I have my answer. 




 The Hobbit.   




 Ahhh I'm so excited but I'm really sad now. 




 American cops have something like that.  It's called a bullet. 




 Sausage, mushroom.  Only toppings I'll ever get. 




 I don't know man, most bars are gonna be showing the hawks play. 




 They should do the show and have Clarkson in the audience.  Always in view of the camera, in disguise just chilling. 




 I'm about half way through hunterxhunter.  This is my first time watching it.  This show kicks SO MUCH ASS! 




 Fma:B but sword art online was the first show I picked out for myself. 




 I love to dance.  Am I good at it? Absolutely not but I love it anyways. 




 Blues, alternative, soul. 




 I love the voice acting for the rock trolls.  Makes me laugh every time I listen to them. 




 Oh ya, in the epsidoes if you pay attention in almost every scene it's counting up to 100.  I was so excited to see what happened when it did get there.  Man, was I upset. 




