 BAW GAHD THAT MAN HAD A FAMILY 









 AWESOME. Thanks. 














 Honestly think this is Mos' magnum opus (no rhyme intended).

The lyricism is out of control. And premonitory, especially for 1999.

 Sixteen ounces to a pound, twenty more to a key,
 
 A five minute sentence hearing and you're no longer free.
 
 40% of Americans own a cell phone
 
 so they can hear everything that you say when you ain't home.
 
 I guess Michael Jackson was right, "You Are Not Alone".
 
 Rock your hardhat black cuz you in the Terrordome,
 
 Full of hard niggaz, large niggaz, dice tumblers
 
 Young teens in prison greens facin life numbers,
 
 Crack mothers, crack babies and AIDS patients,
 
 Young bloods can't spell but they could rock you in PlayStation.
 
 This new math is whippin motherfuckers' ass
 
 You wanna know how to rhyme you better learn how to add

It's mathematics. 




  whiskey and coke or you are doing fat lines and drinking booze.

porque no los dos? 




 Yesssss. Good. Let the peasantry flow through you 




 pew pew

honestly though, I feel like this might be the one and only time I as a console gamer can feel just a litttttttle bit superior. I maybe game 4 hours a week normally. This weekend I had a booze fuelled coke fest with my buddies playing Batman and it's INCREDIBLE. 




 I dont remember that in Going Clear... at all... 




 I dunno, it's pretty disappointing he won't come out as gay. Everyone in Hollywood knows. It's no secret. 




 ... what?  




  "rage trance" isn't an excuse.

Sure, but a mental health condition might be. Or brain damage. Have you ever seen a video of a person acting like this? There's usually some logic to people's actions, at least fuzzy logic. This type of attack makes no sense.  




 That made me think it was more than just road rage. It's like he's coming out of a rage trance. The guy at the end of the video seemed to know him as well, and was treating him gently, like he's seen it before. I don't know if outright rage is symptom of any behavioral or psychological issues, but I wouldn't be surprised if this guy has had these kind of moments before. And that's not normal. 




 This is the best description I've ever read....... Spot. Fucking. On. 




 I feel the need to point out it's the Muslims that are violent towards UK soldiers. 




 Coincidentally, the man who led the gunpowder plot, Sir Henry Tucker, is my ancestor. If it wasn't for the Continental Congress going back on our deal to give you all our gunpowder in exchange for the lifting of a trade embargo, we'd be American today, instead of... *shudder*... British. 









 Non American chiming in here. Not only are Americans good hosts in America, they're good hosts outside of America as well. The British are awful when it comes to socialising. Americans (and Canadians) will be your best friend for the day just because you ordered their favourite beer. They'll strike up a conversation with you about golf because you wear a Calloway hat. I went to boarding school in the US and the number of friends I've made outside of America based solely on the school I went to is astounding.

You guys were my saving grace when I was living in England. 




 Give it a shot 




 Can't believe I've never seen this. Baw gahd chuckles were had. 




 Oh honey... 




 C'mon let's be real here. Wearing kilts? They're asking for it! 




 Even better that it's a 14 year old writing it. 




 WORLDSTAR 




 Bermuda checking in. We're the pimple on your tectonic ass 




 sauce? 




 A while back I upvoted my own comments on an alt to see if my total karma went up. I know. Bad, bad juju. Unidan etc. I was young and naive  




 Doesn't matter. Still fapped. 




 doot doot 




 Shit. There's no context. The thread was asking girls what was the most arbitrary reason they've ever chosen to have sex with a guy. 









 No, I dont like it because you presume your link to wikipedia completely nullifies the entire argument of the article. Which it doesn't. 




 Dammit. I was so ready to mount my high horse and pretend I wasn't the least bit worried when they rejected me back in my uni days. 




 No offense, but I feel like Bernie's endorsements is a game of "People That Don't Matter" Bingo.

Up next: Jonathan Lipnicki Endorses Sanders! 




 THe annoying part is that GallowBoob is actually a really good looking guy. He posted a pic of himself in his sub, IIRC. And this is coming from a man normally petty enough to denigrate other men sheerly for their better looks. 




 You're totally right. A simple link to wikipedia is far better than writing an intensely well researched article in the New Yorker, a known rag for shills and pansy liberals. A tip of the hat to you, good sir. You've bested Ms Lepore. 




  straddled with massive debt

I'd love to be straddled by anything at this point 




 Sounds like you're captaining the caboose into assumption junction.  




 ...

"Unattended babies can drown in bathtubs"

"That's hardly universal law...." 




 Try not using wikipedia.

http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/the-lost-amendment 




 Oh I dont bother with the comments. I have loads of other sources but I use it to make sure I don't miss anything big. 




 THere's a vast difference between the original and modern interpretation of the 2nd Amendment. It wasn't until a republican did a "history" on the amendment in the 50s/60s IIRC that people began interpreting it as "the right to have a gun". Up until then it was known as the Forgotten Amendment, because it was solely to do with the people's rights to "bear arms" against a tyrannical government.   




 Power does corrupt though. They've done studies.  




 did... did you just say meow? 




 Kinda like Shadow, Chance, and Sassy...

^^^I'm ^^^sorry 




 Here's the thing... 




 I'm sure it's awesome sitting on a high horse demanding companies do what you say without paying them. You can't have ethics in journalism when your primary customer is advertisers. As I said in another comment, I run a tiny regional magazine and I've had advertising pulled for writing a bad review, putting me in the red for the quarter. What do you propose I do? Keep writing bad reviews until my company files for bankruptcy?  




 I'm a journalist and I keep tabs open on rising submissions in /r/worldnews and other news subs. So technically Redditing IS working. 




 /r/retiredgif  




 Finding it hard to breathe up there on your high horse? I don't disagree but fucking hell you have to love yourself to quote yourself. Get a life. 




 More talking about the whole of KiA. I've posted here before trying to explain this, but nobody wants to listen. 




 Gaming journalism is probably bottom rung on the ladder of importance for the Guardian or TIME. They're far more concerned with making money so that they can insure their journalists in war zones, buy new equipment, offer competitive salaries for new hires etc. Clickbait pays for that by pageviews, upping the value of advertising on their site.

That could EASILY be done away with if people started paying for news on the internet like they do for newspapers. But people don't want to pay.

I run my own magazine. I've written bad reviews of restaurants and had them pull their advertising, putting me in the red for the quarter. Trust me, nobody likes doing it, but it's the only way to survive right now.

I wish people understood that instead of getting on their high horses and braying about stuff they aren't remotely familiar with.  




 They aren't selling shit. You're the ones that demand FREE content. If the internet was willing to pay for news, there might be reason to uphold ethics in the name of journalism. Unfortunately, many have to scrape to survive, in which case appeasing advertisers becomes the primary objective. 




 HA! That's my uncle's name. And his nickname is Mad Dog! 




 Why did you just reply to yourself? 




 God bless the seam 




 I expected a cool answer because it was so highly upvoted.  




 Fantastic film. 




 That is the definition of a handsome woman. Baw gahd 




 I read the title expecting a cool answer. Nope. The air inside a bell pepper is composed of... air. Regular, over the counter air. 

Wh... why would people think it's made of anything else? 




 Without IV's, should be interesting to see if he can even get hydrated before the fight in the first place 




 BINGO NAME-O 




 I mean, Reddit DID do it. You can't pretend the shitparade over Pao had nothing to do with her resignation.  




 What it looks like is the whole of reddit was moving toward something Victoria was not comfortable with, if rumors are to be believed. Pao as the face would naturally take the heat, but there's nothing to suggest it was her decision alone to move Reddit in whatever direction it was that Victoria disagreed with 




 "resignation" could very well mean "dethroned by the board" 




 Shit. I swear I knew that. For some reason I was thinking he and Hulkenberg were the same person... God knows why 




 Wait. Is there talk of Magnusson not staying in F1? 




 People get pissed because I admit to speeding on a motorcycle, gettings lots of tickets etc. I may not obey the rules of the road to a tee, but I'm 1000x more aware of what I'm doing than a teenage girl going 10mph below the speed limit listening to James Blunt in the AC and texting her friends. 




 My godmother is in charge of putting together the Vanity Fair Oscar parties every year. I've been 3 times. That's her. Nothing fake about it. You're probably just a bit peeved such a beautiful, talented woman actually happens to act like a regular person.  









 I am suffering serious cuddle withdrawal after breaking up with my gf. So yes. Yes, cuddles are needed. 




 It still takes a shitload of work to develop a compelling story from Campbell's work, but I'm not sure I'm ready to believe it was Lucas alone who developed it. I was a script reader with BBC and I saw plenty of great monomyth structured stories that were trashed for their ambition alone. Core concepts were good, great even, but had such a large scope it wouldn't be financially viable, even with the Lotto money GBR uses to fund British film.  




 :( 




 I've never heard anyone echo my feelings about HD vanilla so perfectly. Come to my bed. Bring HD vanilla and famous amos cookies. 




 That's because Lee has fencing training. 




 He's not a mastermind. He just read Hero of a Thousand Faces. Star Wars follows Campbell's monomyth to a tee. 




 A continuous tab, I mean.  




 They still let people have bar tabs? Only place I get a tab is the fucking coffee shop 




 banned

EDIT: OH I'M SORRY I THOUGHT WE DID MEMES HERE 




 I feel like this needs to be said A LOT MORE OFTEN 




 In Russia, you dont make the memes. The memes make you. 




 We met at the grocery store. I'd like to say I found her there, after searching for her all my life, but really... she found me. 




 doot doot 




 MRS WEINER IS A GODDAMN SAINT 




 Having drinks with my mom.

Show her this.

I'm no longer having drinks with my mom. 




 Holy shit get your ass there RIGHTFUCKINGNOW. PISTACHIO AS WELL. GO. GO. GO! 




 Classic vanilla has always been my soulmate.

Talenti sea salt caramel gelato is my side bitch though... 









 I still maintain one day I'll be a reggae superstar. 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/3cf2fy/lorde_just_posted_this/csuz5i9?context=3 




 Legit thought I was in /r/skyrim  




 Good thing you wrote "RIP my inbox", I might have mistaken this thread for a burrito.  




 Not when that mature business needs changing. If it does, at least the 23 year old hasn't been pounded into social submission and is optimistic about turning things around. 




 I'll be checking in every time I see you. Rest assured. 




 He's the Jim Norton of rap. Except Norton doesn't get made fun of for it 




 you famous yet or what? 




 This is 1000000x worse without the YIPSKIDDLEDOOOO and the terrified kid yelling at his wasted dad 




  We live in (at least in the West) a society where any time a man does something against a woman it is given far too much attention... it helps to show that both genders are equally capable of doing horrible things and that it isn't just men doing it.

Any rational person knows this. MensRights is more than welcome to have that end of the market about male issues. I, and many others, don't need constant reminding that people can be cunts regardless of gender.

 When new people come to the sub, they tend to vent a lot because they're not used to having a place to talk about the things they experience.

For this exact reason, the sub has done more harm than good, as that venting has evolved into a weird conspiracy that feminism is actively trying to suppress male issues and vice versa. The reactionary women-bashing by some has become a trademark, not just on reddit, but in the media as well. One can vent without perpetuating the idea that men concerned with male issues are diametrically opposed to female issues.

 they're talking about the double-standard that an athlete is going through because he was assaulted and had the audacity to hit a woman back after she kicked and punched him

Again, another thing I believe does more harm than good. "Equal rights and equal lefts" is massively popular. I think the manly thing to do when a (presumably weaker) woman assaults you is to restrain her instead of punching her.  




 I have! Last I checked I had a top 10 post on there hahaha. I feel, though, there's less focus on issues that affect men, and more focus on man stuff. Which is great, obviously. 




 Unfortunately I feel a distinct separation from that sub these days. When I first got on Reddit it was awesome, but it's become associated with values I actively dislike. The top posts usually have something to do with injustices perpetrated by women against men, and I just don't feel those are the things that deserve much attention.

I love women. I love feminists. Not the kind that go to Tumblr to conduct their slacktivism, but women who break gender stereotypes or devote their careers to causes beyond teaching "Women's Studies". One of my best friends, a volunteer abortion clinic defender, hates that stuff as much as I do. 

I want a place that recognizes the difference between working to better their respective gender, and a place that bitches about the problems affecting their gender. I'm not sure /r/mensrights qualifies at this point. Two years ago it certainly did. Notsomuch these days.

EDIT: literally just checked /r/all and there's a top post from /r/mensrights about how female models make more than male models. EXACTLY what I'm talking about.  




 Cheers brother! And thanks for being the first to post. Hopefully we can help this sub grow and find like-minded redditors.  




 hahaha cheers.

"KNIGHTS OF BROHIRRAM, MOUNT UP!" was my battle cry whenever I had nights out with the boys. Seemed only natural. 




 Unfortunately I don't have friends like that. I have plenty of guy friends, just none I feel comfortable discussing my issues with. Not that I mind, but I get called a faggot just by having a glass of wine. We're brutal to each other, which is fun at the right time, but doesn't exactly foster a trusting environment.  




 I really like this sub. It's just only for asking questions. You can't post content here. 




