 If you are set on that area, live closer to 17th. There's more restaurants. It's a closer walk to Adams Morgan, U and P 14, etc., and feels far more like a neighborhood with all the basic shops you need, plus some decent hang-out places. There's a Soviet Safeway nearby and Whole Foods. 

There's a lot of really high-end housing west of Connecticut., and some decent restaurants, but not much else, other than what's on that part of P and Connecticut. If you move there, seriously, you'll spend most of your time crossing Connecticut to get to the East Side.  

Being closer to Georgtown is nice, but that part of town grows old fast. It's more of an out door, higher-end shopping mall surrounded by lovely townhouses. But it does have a good movie theater, an Apple outlet, some good bicycle shops and a decent running store. 

And as far as safety goes? All these areas are safe. But this is a city.  




 Carly Fiorina is the irritating, clueless kid in the classroom wildly waving her hand to get the teacher's attention.  




 Really surprised about Louisiana. Considering its experience with Katrina, and its profound vulnerability, it's seems solidly in the blue camp. It's interesting that Texas is as split as it is.  

Not one community is over 75%, which seems striking.

The alignment seems anchored among along energy producing states and conservative ones. But I do wonder about the rust belt.    









 Malloy said that the widening project will mean less congestion and more productivity in Connecticut.

It will take 20 years to make up the productivity lost during the 10-year construction period.  




 This is the original pavement. It was surfaced with asphalt in 1774.  









 The Pope seems to be heading in this direction as well.

Pope Francis: On climate change, "there is a clear, definitive and ineluctable ethical imperative to act" (He's said other things about climate change as well. It appears to have a solid place on his agenda.)
  




 Great bill. Ban smoking when the kids are in a car. Totally support it. 

Smoking is a reckless, selfish activity that causes real harm to the people who are exposed to it. 

And the entire reason why kids smoke is because adults are too damn stupid to quit. 

 




 well done! i actually believed it for a minute.  




 What happens when NC, Ark do the same thing?  









 I think its great. Hope they include bike lanes eventually.  




  No hubris among a lot of low to medium paid scribes doing their best, who had little, if anything good to say about their counterparts doing the same thing, often for less money, in radio and television?

Huh? Not in my universe. There was very little interaction with TV/radio people with 90% of the things we wrote about it. Sure, they were there for the big stories but that was it. I don't know why TV/radio felt put upon; perhaps there was something different about your market. There was almost a complete separation in social spheres because there was little cross-over in working environments. The state house guys, print and electronic, might share a beer, but us city scribes never really interacted all that much. 

for less money

You might want to check that. 

What killed the great American newsroom was the inability of it's business model to adapt to changing circumstances.

Agree, but I don't think they could have changed successfully.  There was no way our newspaper could have survived after our city  in lost roughly 90% of its manufacturing employment and most of the retail shifted to a mall outside the city limit. 

way print journalists were eager to brand themselves as the only "real" journalists doing any work. 

If you don't like print journalists, okay. 

belief that one medium possessed an inherent superiority over another had more to contribute to the decline of newspapers than anyone connected to them is going to be willing to admit.

Again, I don't get this. The best reporters never moved with a "inherent sense of superiority," they worked with a sense of humility, an understanding of how little they really knew, and a deep sense of responsibility, because they understood (in these pre-Internet days) that they had been given a great deal of responsibility to report the news accurately, fairly and fearlessly. I don't recall people sitting around nursing grudges, real or imagined, over things that hardly mattered.  


 




 Back in the day, our news operation had 80% penetration in some of communities. Perhaps news organizations didn't "stitch people together," but they clearly connected them to information. The daily newspaper I started my career at in 1981 didn't keep its readers because of hubris, but because of reporters and editors who produced quality content day after day. 

It wasn't hubris that ended this. There was nothing wrong with the business newspaper model because it was perfectly tuned for economic environment that began vanishing in the 1960s, and before. 

There was no hubris, just a lot low to medium paid scribes doing their best. 

What killed the great American newsrooms was the loss of an ad base as manufacturing declined and retail shifted away from the urban core; it was the advent of corporate journalism, that swept in and acquired vulnerable independent operations. They promised modernization and improvements, but most of what they did was lay off people. And finally it was shift in advertising to multiple models, the arrival of the Web browser in the 1990s that dispersed content and advertising. 

Hubris. Not for a minute, at least among the reporters and editors. Just sadness as careers and lives were swept away with the changing times. 

Yes, the journalism has been separated from the newsrooms of old, and has created many new opportunities. But the newsrooms of their day were great places, full of life, energy. I feel sorry for the folks today who will never experience the great thrill of a newsroom responding to a big story, and barroom banter that followed. 
 









 Good for AP. The word is clearly offensive, and the short version of the, "skins" makes me puke.   




 That's impressive, bold, and I love this line in it: "Governor, Indiana is in a state of crisis. It is worse than you seem to understand."

Indiana is at real risk of becoming an economic backwater. The corporate protest is amazing. I don't recall anything quite like it. They understand something about today's high-skilled, mobile workforce that the lawmakers who back this bill just don't get. The last thing the Indiana newspaper needs is another economic hit, the loss of major sports tournaments, convention business (7 major sponsors pulled out the Indy Big Data Conference schedule in May over the past couple of days), and an always-on-the-defensive state.  

But this front page, screaming editorial, also hints at the desperation in this business. 
 









 Don't miss the photo breakout. It's absolutely the best part. It's heartbreaking. Dear lord, I so miss the newsroom era. 

http://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2015/mar/21/the-death-of-the-american-newsroom-in-pictures 









 This is complete Onion fiction. The quotes aren't real, and for some reason they decided to single out CCSU.  




 The connections you make at any college will help your journalism career. (1) Because I worked at my college paper, I developed a connection with a stringer for a local paper. He graduated before me and we knew each other previously as students. He recommended me as his replacement for vacation and days-off. This gave me my first professional clips. (2) After I graduated, the head of the college's PR department, a former newspaper editor whose pub closed, put me in touch with a former colleague of his who was still in the news business. I got my first full-time job this way.   




 Amazing that its author decided to attack the NYT rather than "its cross-town rival" the WSJ, which runs an opinion page dedicated to the denial of science. This piece is more about RCS pumping itself up.  




 I'm not going to jump on this happy wagon just yet.  




 their bowl of chicken soup restores the soul.  




 No stops between Waterbury and Hartford? Wonderful. I realize no one lives in Eastern Connecticut, but to completely ignore the entire region?   




 I like the new name. I don't why, though.  




 Anyone who thinks there is too much opinion in the world is spending too much time on Reddit. 

Providing a platform for a discourse of ideas (how many newspapers run op-eds on a semi-regular basis on philosophical issues?) is one of the NYT's great strengths. From this list, it appears as if the Times has assembled some interesting people.  









 SOP, especially in regard to the White House. It happens on their phone briefings as well. 

Nonetheless, there were a few good question and they elicited non answers. 

One very pointed question was about security of the server. It was nicely framed, dead on target. 

This was one of the best questions. (Transcript: http://time.com/3739541/transcript-hillary-clinton-email-press-conference/)

*QUESTION: Madam Secretary, two quick follow ups. You mentioned the server. Thats one of the distinctions here.

This wasnt Gmail or Yahoo or something. This was a server that you owned. Is that appropriate? Is it  was there any precedent for it? Did you clear it with any State Department security officials? And do they have  did they have full access to it when you were secretary?

And then separately, will any of this have any bearing or effect on your timing or decision about whether or not you run for president? Thank you.

CLINTON: Well, the system we used was set up for President Clintons office. And it had numerous safeguards. It was on property guarded by the Secret Service. And there were no security breaches.

So, I think that the  the use of that server, which started with my husband, certainly proved to be effective and secure. Now, with respect to any sort of future  future issues, look, I trust the American people to make their decisions about political and public matters. And I feel that Ive taken unprecedented steps to provide these work-related emails. Theyre going to be in the public domain. And I think that Americans will find that you know, interesting, and I look forward to having a discussion about that.*


The first part of the reporter's question was dead-on and very professional. "This was a server that you owned. Is that appropriate? Is it  was there any precedent for it? Did you clear it with any State Department security officials? And do they have  did they have full access to it when you were secretary?"

All the short, rapid fire questions were a nice way to target one overarching query:  Did the State Dept. approve this system and monitor it for security? 

The reporter should have stopped right there. Instead, she bundled in a second question, a completely separate question, which gave Clinton a fast exit to a less thorny topic. 

I've learned as a reporter it's best just to ask one question at these dog and pony shows. The best question. If you bundle two separate topics in two separate questions -- or three questions which was also done at the Clinton presser -- your odds of getting anything answered fall dramatically. 

And if you just ask one question, and it gets a non-response, there's a chance another reporter may pick-up the thread and give it a try. If your one question isn't  answered, yell "follow-up," because the need for the follow-up will be obvious if the question isn't answered.   




 new would be old. someone who can't stand social media, and who still believes the best way to get information is to knock on doors and make phone calls, and who still understands that the world can't be defined in a collection of top 10 list. 




  human extinction is on the table?

I don't think so and hopefully it's not false optimism. Well before irreversible calamity we will react. We will put all our science, resources, vast intelligence, and powers of empathy and cooperation, to reverse course and undo the damage. But for this to happen, we need to get closer to the edge so the temps will rise at least two degrees before that happens.  
 




 Well, maybe it's true then that the media attracts narcissistic people who are insecure, need constant affirmation and tend to pump up accomplishments to win approval.  




 What's the difference between curator and gatekeeper? 

The real issue is credit. MSM organizations seem to give credit, when they must, to the local blog that is first to report something significant. 

Giving credit is the best that can be done here. MSM should treat the citizen journalists in their communities the same way they treat any pub they are referencing. It helps with credibility and improves, one hopes, mutual respect.  

Curated lists arguably serve as gatekeepers because they source narrowly.   

In my city, DC, centralized journalism works something like this: A local blog, for instance, reports on planning for a new condo in the neighborhood; real estate blogs do likewise, but carry their reporting further by writing about city-wide trends and mapping it to data. The centralized pubs, The Post, Washington Times, City Paper, and neighborhood print weekly newspapers, broaden the story into an assessment of District's changing landscape, affordability issues, and demographic shifts, and, most importantly, can get top officials to pick up the phone and explain what's going on, something the neighborhood blogs, and citizen journalists, can't do.  




 it's anon. it's unverified. the motivations of the writers are unknown. its dangerous and it won't give your story the authority it needs.  









 This is just depressing  




 I don't doubt that medical students might benefit from media training. But the idea of increasing the knowledge of journalists who report on these matters, is a good thing as well, and probably necessary.  




 Plainville as well. Loved that place. Popcorn, decent food. Nice atmosphere.  




 A fellow I worked with did just that. I believe the state even had a program to fast track professionals to a teaching certificate. I never had the chance to ask him how it worked out for him. But kind of believe that journalism and teaching are similar in a way, in as much as the people doing this work believe they are helping others.  









 I've used Sony IC recorders for years because of the transcription software: Sound Organizer and the earlier Digital Voice Editor. They have customize keyboard controls, so you can set up the Stop, Play, etc., to the key combination works best. I believe you can use this software for any mp3 file from any device, and probably other formats as well, But you are using a non-Sony recorder, you will probably have to make a number of clicks to bring up the file. Not that hard to do. 

I'm very interested in Sony's field recorders, but don't believe they have native support for Sound Organizer. They are more targeted, it appears, for people recording live music, not journalists transcribing notes. 

But very interested in hearing from anyone who prefers field recorders on the job over the more standard voice recorders. 
 




 Oh, right, climate change is real - 'let's build the pipeline.'
 
What they should have done is attached James Hansen's "game over" piece to the legislation: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/10/opinion/game-over-for-the-climate.html?_r=0

It's the height of irony that the Senate is approving a project that may send the earth's climate over the edge, while at the same time agreeing that climate change is real. 

To say that this is totally f**** up is an understatement.  




 This is why I miss covering local news. The riches.  




