












































 My boss switched our offices and now we don't even have a kitchen. I envy your sub-standard mug. 




 That's not even close to a source.  




 fake refugees and IS fighters

Source please? 









 Why? 







































 Neuromancer is a scifi book by William Gibson that was released in the mid eighties - it's regarded as a seminal work in the cyberpunk subgenre (it basically transformed cyberpunk from a fringe subgenre to a major form of scifi), and popularised the work cyberspace (the term itself was coined by Gibson in an earlier work. 

The story is set in a dystopian future, where people can log onto a VR digital space called the Matrix, which is kind of a VR web, and people have gone as far as suggesting it actually influenced the way the web was developed.

It's an amazing book and I highly recommend reading it! 
























 I don't understand why you've been downvoted so much - this is an astute point.  


























































































































































 I think they must all use the same bunch of close-minded focus groups 



















 And yet he named Apple's big release at the time [after her](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Lisa#Etymology) 




 /r/futurology would be full of shiny tech with packaging making lots of outrageous promises, but which turn out to be nowhere near as good when you get them home. Their employees would be wildly enthusiastic about their stock and condescending to any shoppers questioning their products' claims 









 This was posted [yesterday](http://i.imgur.com/rNqnIAA.jpg?1) 
























 if you're going to the trouble of learning how to talk absolute bullshit, why not just learn enough to know what you're talking about? 















































































 Salmon 




 The shoes have got their own twitter account https://twitter.com/ronniesshoes  




 I'd love to hear any advice about what he can expect and what I can do to help

Edit: Thanks so much for all the response and advice, it is really appreciated. Sorry for the slow response - it's been a crazy few days. His surgery went great, so now its onto the recovery process!  












































 I 100% agree! I think this could be one of the biggest markets for replacement bionics.  









 In theory yes, but we're going to have to scrap retirement too. Here in the UK we're already facing serious problems due to our ageing population, and the sad reality is that we'd be better off if less of them were living as long. 














 I'm quite shocked at how hostile everyone is being - I asked a genuine question after posting an article I found interesting. Clearly I have missed something - so sorry to have blighted your day! 









 I got that part, but I'm not clear on why. I'm not a Tumblr user so I'm not familiar with what's commonly posted there.  









 I'm sorry? Can you please explain what you mean? 









 It really does.  





































































 I completely agree - I thought it would be interesting to share this to see if anyone thought it was a good idea 
























 Console wars pre-date the web (admittedly not the Internet, but pre-web internet was hardly tailored to arguing about video game consoles) - the first was between the Sega Genesis (89) and the SNES (91). The web was only made publicly available in August 91 and wasn't popularised til 93 when the Mosaic browser was released.  




 Possibly, but the game pad makes it great as an entertainment box too 




 Try the [Loving Hut](http://archway.lovinghut.co.uk/) in Archway 




 I had a similar experience a while back and made a concious decision not to thank him when he got off. Thanks to habit I ended up thanking him anyway 




 Source: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/david-cameron-claims-hes-related-to-kim-kardashian-did-you-know-im-13th-cousins-10146513.html  




 Go with someone else - BT are a useless nightmare! 




 At my work we don't even have the means to make tea. A co-worker got 300 employees to sign a petition requesting a kettle and the HR head just laughed in her face when she delivered it 




 Finally! 




 Please excuse my ignorance, but what would an exoskeleton for riding a motorcycle do? Would it improve safety somehow? 









 Ah my bad, i will delete it - thanks for letting me know.  




