 OK I had a feeling that was why. 




 I am just more upset that they had to wait till the eve of my appointment to tell me that!  they can't even give me a date yet the receptionist said they would call me back tomorrow with a date.  Oh well cheap/free American healthcare for ya. 




 OK thanks for the info. Only problem now is they called to postpone my appointment because my doctor is out of town :/  




 So I have been on Paxil for quite a long time now- 12 years and I feel like it really isn't working anymore.  I also was able to get a few small scripts for Ativan.  Problem is my regular doctor doesn't think i should be taking any benzos for a long period- no more than like a week at a time because its addictive blah blah.  I ran out of my last script of 20 1mg pills and she won't refill it for me so I am kind of in a withdrawl right now.  Sucks because I feel a lot better when I take just one 1mg of Ativan and I don't feel any better when taking my Paxil.  Here is my question: It seems like a lot of people on this forum have a decent ongoing script for benzos.  How did you go about getting it? I'm not asking for a ton of pills, just something that is more longterm that 1 or 2 scripts of 30 pills a year.  My doctor has referred me to a psychiatrist who I see tomorrow and she will be managing my psych meds from now on not my medical doctor.  I wasn't even going to post this but I might have a better shot at getting something that actually works for me on more of an ongoing basis because I feel pretty crappy now!! Thanks for any advice. 




 holy shit 90 month! I know that's something you worked up to but yeah.  I've suffered from anxiety and depression my whole life and been on anti depressants most of my life which has been documented.  I have a feeling the one I am taking now isn't doing much but when I took the ativan I was scripted I felt a lot better. I was only taking 1 pill a day, 1 mg. 




 are you getting your lorazepam prescribed on an ongoing basis? I have been able to get about 3 scripts within a year for 20 pills but I cannot get an ongoing thing.  Doctor says that it's not a med that can be taken more than a couple weeks at a time.  it's really frustrating!! 




 100 mg methadone daily for several months after maybe 5 years of any opiate I could find.  




 about 7 more of what you have in your hand 




 guess not 




 ha i'm on the same exact dose and have gained some weight as well so i'd like to know the same question! 




 smoke it off aluminum
 




 It has to do with street racing. 




 ok cuz I mean I know several people that have been on drugs like xanax valium and other benzos for years so when the doctor told me that people don't take this for long periods of time kind of got me a bit mixed up 




 is your roommate's dad a toddler? 




 yes this is what I am doing. I was just a bit surprised when i heard my doctor say that benzos are only for short term use?   




 i do take them when needed like if i am more anxious than normal that day or if i feel like a panic attack is coming.  I don't just pop them like when i wake up like a lot of people do with certain pills that you need to do everyday.   




 That's how I'm taking it on an emergency basis not everyday 




 Well I don't take it everyday. Usually if I am about to have a panic attack or if I'm really anxious 




 I just got a new primary care doctor. I am currently on paxil (12 years) and ativan probably a few months. My new doctor has no problem keeping me on the paxil but hesitantly scripted me some ativan and said that is not a medicine to be taken long times. She is referring me to a psychiatrist to go over my meds and possibly change them. I have a feeling its to get me off ativan.  I never heard anywhere about it being used only short periods of time.  I feel like um being tricked into giving up my meds. Anyone have any advice!?!? Thanks! 




 Lol wow that's crazy I was a huge drinker during my early 20s then I quit cold turkey. It was stupid. Soon after that I got into opiates more than I did when drinking a ton I guess to fill a void.  Point of my story is when drinking I was an embarrassing sloppy obvious mess. On opiates nobody could tell a thing. 




 and have a great job and no money ever.......... so fucking depressing!! 




 yeah i would think that its a tight rope to walk!!  a lot of these folks work in offices so long sleeves :) plus it depends how far you are into your addiction- if your so far gone you can't play it off and maintain 9-5 seeming sober than you probably won't last to long ha. 




 it looks different all the time but that doesn't constitute weather its going to be bad or good.  smelling like vinegar is a good thing but not a sure thing
 




 I think the DEA is trying to make people use heroin by tightening up the regulations and restrictions when it comes to controlled substances (mainly opiates).  As someone who used to personally have a decent script for opiate painkillers I was eventually cut off for no reason other than being told that the DEA is watching very closely now and bye bye.  No mention of my body and what I will do now to combat my pain.  So what'd I do?  Go to the street and get heroin  I am just 1 person so I am positive this has happened to many many people already and its just the start.  I am on methadone now because I don't like the junky lifestyle and hustling every single day, waiting on you dealer, getting bad cut drugs, legal risk, robbed, beat up, dying, etc.  I feel that being on methadone right now is the best option right now but it will never touch how well I had it before. I never expected to have my script pulled out from under my feet like it was. 




 I know "normal" people that use and sell heroin.  If you didn't know that they did, you'd have no clue based on their appearance and lifestyle.
 




 jump out in front of a car (preferably a bus).  success. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bEobVhqaCk 




 have em shipped!! 




 its in california 




 food maxx 




 dude i found it at target less than 6 months ago!! 




 they're out there. ohh yeah they are out there!! you just gotta search. 




 LOLLLLLLL  UAF!?!?!?!?!  i am gonna have to accomodate that one into my vocab 




 yes. i was just at the pharmacy lookin in and thought that. 




 Yeah makes sense they should of bounced but possibly just were in shock as to what was going on and just went into the fetal position and didn't move kind of like a fight or flight thing lol 




 yeah the r.i.c.e. thing works but if you are like me and your ligaments are all strecthed out and shot there is really not much to do about it hah.  I even will wear the the braces if I go on like a hike where I know i'll be walking over a lot of rocks or potential shit that I would roll my ankle on. 




 saw it last night. kinda weird watching it since I am from only 20 mins away from where they shot it and skate at that skatepark all the time.  I never go to oakland at night tho. 




 i'm in a similiar situation. been skating since i was a little kid and my bad spots (every skater has at least one) are my ankles.  I used to blow them out all the time so damn badly that I bruised up to my sock line and down to my toes.  I went to a podiatrist and he recommended surgery but I don't really want to do that now since I am still relatively young.  I still skate but I always wear these good ankle braces I found at Walgreens. They have hard plastic around the brace and they lace up.  Really good support.  You should check em out if you still have wobbly ankles. 




 and it's only going to get worse with the doctors being scared of the DEA. That was the main excuse to me from my doctor when she cut me off my meds. 




 Being a young male puts you in the toughest situation to legitamitely obtain pain meds from a doctor.  I know this from my own personal experience.
 




 lol i had those. circas. 




 she is a high end hooker?!?! 




 dude just go to the TL 




 fo sho indeed! 




 OK cool I think its a good idea because most movies keep getting repeated. 




 Wow so damn weird I was just literally watching this with my mom. Ended about 20mins ago 




 Someone(we) shouldmake a list of movies by now since this thread seems to pop up almost every week it could be a list that we keep adding on to periodically as well 




 Not too much of a difference but it did make me just a bit calmer and made the done last linger.  I don't plan on taking .more than 1 at a time. 




 He does look pretty ass now that mention it 




 Yay budlight lime 




 Yeah I just tried 1 mg ativan with my dose 




 ok yeah i'm not thinking that I'm in for a great trip haha 




 I have some Ativan lying around and I have tried that.  I am just hella scared because literally everyone I talk to says they had a friend die from that combo. 




 Yeah the only nausea I've gotten from opiates was just regular vicodin and I was in a car. I feel that im on way too much for  being able to feel the kratom 




 I'm registered over there.! 




 OK well yes I am familiar with opiates but never tried kratom . Just wondering almost if the methadone will make the kratoms effect lessen. 




 I am on methadone.  Just wondering if its even worth doing since I don't drink yet would liketo be able to have something with friends or at a party. 




 My NP was giving me 120/10 everyweek 




 I was eventually able to work upto 120 Norcos a month just thru my regular doctor  




 Yeah its weird like that but everybodys block off point is different.  I still do it like once a month just because of loving the ritual of doing it.  But weird you brough up take home cause i'm finally going to get me first soon just signed out all the paperwork. 




 Never 




 Hah I've done that on several movies where I go to watch it and I am already part way through the movie and didn't even realize that I started watching it before 




 Haha 




 Zero. Oxy or bth but can have em since I'm on methadone. 




 Man fuck this war on drugs bullshit 




 yeah im talking about the pills/crooked docs that i thought were fairly well erradicated from Florida. 




 did you get this on the westcoast?  the stuff i've been getting lately is pretty good. 




 M3s are badass 




 so I guess there still is hope in Florida?? Haha 




 I thought Florida cool down on all that stuff in the last couple years since the doctors got busted at least most of the pain clinics were shut down right? 




 it was a 1987 BMW 325 i with a stick shift. I think it had an inline 6 cylinder which is pretty big for that small of a car. Super fun to drive. 




 Haha sorry sir I am not on top of my internet game today. I read some of that guide but honestly just skimmed over it. I've been super distracted/ busy today so nothing I read stuck with me. 




 I got in the same exact accident you did but I was in the position of the other driver.  I was the one who came out on top so my insurance covered it.  They totalled my car and that was the thing that upset me the most.  Car wasn't worth a whole lot but was fun as hell to drive . 




 what do i do. huh? 




 that's what I meant as in drug tests.  it might, might not. google! 




 go to the bb forum
 




 I can't agree more!!  When things started to get rough with money and as my tolerance was building I was in straight up hustle mode for I'd say a bit longer than a month, but looking back at it, that time felt like six months.  It was the same thing everyday: wake up and hopefully have something left in the house to get me going then it was off to try and make as close to $100 because I'd usually like to get as much as I could at a time. I'd makey money mainly scrapping metal or recycling but where I live those methods aren't extremely efficient due to people recycling there own shit to make money themselves and just lack of finding .material to scrap.  I cannot see how people can do that shit for like 10+ years but I see them at the clinic I go to. 




 Sure that they aren't sterilized? 




 Yeah there is: more cough syrup. Go buy some or check around the house. 




 I can't say I've never used it.  




 Either of those won't show up as a benzo if you were wanting to know that. Hydroxyzine is like benydryl. Ironic since I just got prescribed these a couple days ago
 




 When I tried to quit, the first time I tried suboxone and it just didn't hold me over enough.   After giving up and going back to using again I wanted out for good so I tried methadone. I was worried at first since I thought that if this doesn't work I have no other options.  Well I am in MMT for about 3 months and I and pretty happy with the results that methadone has given me.  I could write a ton more about it and answer more technical questions if you or anyone starting or about to start cares to pm me. 




 Ah OK thanks! 




 Ok well the ones I was finding at the nursery weren't even of the papaver somniferum strain.  I found some in the store for cooking but all they said were ingredients: poppy seeds.  lol now more info. 




 Well its really random how they do it so there isn't much a way around it ha.  Just use right after you have been tested is the best way.  Hey i'm not even a subscriber here!  Never knew you had to subscribe or anything but I just tend to post in opiates more than any other subreddits. Is it recommended to subscribe?   




