 I lost my virginity on 9/11/2001. No one ever forgets 




 When I was offered blood pudding made from 17 year old virgins that were sacrificed in the bohemian grove. 




 Lol purposeful misfire still means accidental  




 As long as the balls don't touch 




 Five feet in a bear trap hole in the woods 




 At least she doesn't hit me with cables any more cause she knows I'll fuck her up if she dares 




 Naw Donkey's SO is a fucking Dragon. I don't play that bullshit messing with a Dragon's SO 




 Lol uplifting news? Who posted this Ellen Pao? 




 Remember to take pics 




 Daniel leebrons dad 




 So will you marry it? 




 Don't forget to sit on it to keep it warm 




 Plot twist by blow dry they mean for you to blow on the shirt till it dries 




 Maybe they'll pick it up if you put the trash can in a trash bag? 




 Or falling with the huge poles going up your asshole 




 Beast beast shrek 




 Dae see the alien? 




 Oh shit yeah I see that chevi maleboo 




 The English military killed her for trying to marry a Muslim and have a baby. The throne was to be preserved for only christians 




 i mean we would now of you explained 




 also she is pooping with pants on 




 expansion (   ) 




 looks like a llama
 




 i see that chevrollet implala in the back 




 holy fuck I am missing a green cup that looks exactly like that 




 he is just high 




 ive never seen a penguin that looks like that 




 I want to know what the expand button does (   ) 




 is her name "manuela"  




 thumbnail got me thinking it was a selfie bill cosby took with a guy victim he raped. glad its not the case 




 Carlos is the only juan who can do work as well as this 




 calm down science black man 




 what the fuck? i just barely noticed they have 4 fingers 




 I read the "who the fuck" in cranbrook deers voice 




 equality for everyone right?
 




 either she has a huge ass face or her legs are tinier than usual 




 smooth af 




 sounds like isis 




 No i see a fuck in the back floating away 




 or you out it that way and posted it for fake internet points 




 Donald Trump I'd a twat 




 Lol I didn't expect cum tears 




 Does it look like Adam Sandler to anyone else? 




 lol right 









 I was thinking, why would his dad take his wallet to war? 




 if that was me, you would also see trails of shit falling 









 A spare change of clothes 




 Time to fuck a duck 




 Michelle Obama looks like she just stole christmas 




 I always thought ACME was like a weapons corporation 









 Guess who has all their college essays written;) 









 I had a free 7 day trial with spotify and used the app on my phone once for ten minutes. Well 7 day trial over. They should also do this on Netflix and hulu. 



















 I guess this is The Danger in *not* Starting a Fire 




 U 




 uplifting news? 




