 Who steals all this bike shit? Is it other bicyclists or people that sell it to other bicyclists? Do people buy lots of bike accessories second hand off craigstlist? 




 why do black people wear baggy pants? 




 great stonework, also- some of your anime friends are hot 




 you entirely missed the point of my post.....the vast majority of germans are descended from people who came over hundreds of years ago and moved to rural areas. Very few Americans of german descent have any connection to the "old country." Those that do are diluted across the country. This could also be said for the English and Scotts-Irish. Many Italian Americans have a grandparent, or great-grandparent who came over and told people about it. While this is not as true for the Irish, they settled in dense pockets on the east coast, surrounding themselves with people of similar backgrounds...and thus "reinforcing" if you will, their own cultural pride. I also said said there were other smaller groups (ie eastern europeans) that act the same way but have fewer numbers. 




 my diabetes hurts :( 




 the funny thing is, liberal americans are jealous of europe 




 It's because out of white americans, those are about the only two large groups where anyone alive might have known someone in the "old-country." American's with Armenian and Polish heritage act the same way but there are far fewer. Also, because of their arrival after the industrial revolution, they are more concentrated in east-coast cities than other white ethnic groups.
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/09/02/article-2408591-1B95A350000005DC-125_964x720.jpg 




 thats nice, so I take it you're anti-choice...but don't want more developmentally disabled children running around 




 uh...no...it's a bundle of cells 









 Since when does AMERICA need justification to militarily intervene anywhere? Suck our dick you camel-fucking nerd! 




 nevermind, that was too mean 




 No, it's what happens when you allow defeated thugs to withdraw and they return to kill women and children. 




 Not [always] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waco_siege) but there sure are a lot more cameras around these days 




 so a lot of whining and no answer? 




 It worked pretty well out at the bundy ranch for a bunch of crazy hicks....black people would rather rob some asian dude's liquor store, maybe they should try something different. 




 Honest question.....if bush gets elected in 2016, had the military arrest congress, suspended the constitution, quadrupled the pay of police officers and the military, and declared himself dictator for life.....what would you do about it? Hold a sign? Have a sit in? Flee the country? Hold your husband's hand and cry? 




 Excuse me, it was S.22, if mixed up the names of bills from 2 years ago. It was abandoned because of commentary and republicans introducing bills that would have removed the authority of the BATF to regulate such ammunition. The assault weapons ban was a bill introduced by democrats, voted for by democrats, on an issue he has voiced support for....blame Obama or the democratic party at large, I I don't care. 

Can you honestly say, that if we had a strong democratic majority in both houses in 2012 that we wouldn't have more gun control laws than we do today? Of course not, because we 100% surely would. If you deny that you are simply delusional. 




 As I said earlier....it doesn't have to be one or another...they are certainly a red line.  




 they haven't....because republicans stopped them 




 Of course I care about dismantling the surveillance state....but it doesn't have to be one or another....hey if they care about both and use soundbites as their guide they should probably vote for someone else "I'm not here to tell you what to be. I am here to tell you, though, that your rights, especially your right to privacy, are under assault....I believe what you do on your cellphone is none of their damn business" - Rand Paul 




 He didn't barely try anything....The assault weapons act of 2013, S.629, and his new executive order on m855 were all shut down almost entirely because of republicans. Of course it will be an issue, people said the same shit in the late 2000's and it went out the window overnight with sandyhook. The democrats have earned their rep as gun-grabbers and the either have to make good or deal with the consequences. 




 What's wrong with Mormons? 




 and the 4th, 10th, and 14th 




 Actions speak much loader than words....if you think one soundbite is more important than a long voting record you haven't been paying attention to American politics for very long. 




 we're not talking about bernie sanders are we? And just because obama FAILED to restrict gunrights doesn't mean he didn't try. 




 and he loves gun control.....so he will never, ever, get my vote. Just like most democrats. 




 Yes, and many asians weren't even allowed into the country....or were rounded up and put in camps. The fact is that american blacks speak the language and will be admitted into higher education programs even if their test scores and grades fall well below the average applicant...the OPPOSITE situation asians find themselves in. It is also notable that non-african-american blacks (ie more recent immigrants) don't seem to have many of the same problems. While the crimes against african americans were terrible, encouraging a culture of victimhood only hinders any future change. The inconvenient truths I am referencing are the obvious differences in crime rates/academic achievement/etc. between african-americans and most other american ethnic groups. Today children spend a significant part of K-12 (and then college) being told the message "we are all the same, differences are only skin deep." The problem is, this isn't true, and repeating a lie isn't the way to change people's minds when they can see the truth for themselves. 




 While I'm sure many of your points are valid, they seem to be largely anecdotal so I shall reply with anecdotes. I went to a school with a lot of kids that were asian and WEREN'T the ones with stinking rich parents. Their parents were mostly Vietnamese, some Chinese and many didn't speak any english at all. Lots of these kids obtained scholarships to competitive universities (despite being double discriminated against for being asian) and went on to successful careers. My girlfriend is Korean. Her parents showed up in the United States speaking no english, they lived on food stamps in public housing. Her dad is now an executive engineer making great money at a local firm. The reason these people succeeded in the face of being an outsider was a little bit of luck and a huge commitment to education and hard work. Parents that taught their kids the value of education even while they were working in nail salon. I don't know who is suggesting that someone is genetically inferior, no I. I do know that a kid who grows up in a home with only one parent who doesn't value education probably isn't going to go that far. You can blame a history of racism and/or social/economic policies that favor such conditions for the present condition of many African American children....but it doesn't change the fact that you can't fix a culture by throwing money at it and you can't educate away inconvenient truths. 




 they're all funny 




 did they go? 




 seems reasonable 




 how come racism against east asians and indians doesn't result in the same? 




 neither do I :,-( 




 ....I'll tell ya another thing, your beer sucks 




 I think the whole thing is pretty funny. "you treat me like an animal so I'm gonna act like one" - "Hmm, I guess we were right about you all along, get the hose" 




 they wouldn't like how that turns out 




 Education isn't really a dollars issue. In Massachusetts we spend more per pupil in some of the shittiest school districts than the best school districts. 




 Like Great Society in 1965? Then the poverty rate was 17.3 percent, today it is 14.5. Throwing money at the problem isn't going to solve anything. 




 I doubt it, if she actually contacted people and facilitated their interaction with ISIS, probably. I'm just speculating because this article is short on specifics and might not be true at all. I think it basically ranges from "she broke no laws" to "she could be put to death" depending on specific details. 




 no it isn't 




 Or maybe a history of being surrounded by disenfranchised poor people that want to kill you 




 If she actually recruited people for ISIS you could make the argument she is guilty of treason which is a death-penalty offense. 




 Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.

If she has actually recruited people for ISIS 




 yes, but that isn't what you said, I'd also argue that the association is probably overstated, at least to a small degree, due to recall bias. 




 mesothelioma can occur spontaniously 




 Maybe that just means the subject matter of traditionally female centered movies is generally more boring to both men and women. Make more hunger games, less steel magnolias. 




 I don't agree with the point that "men cannot empathize with women as easily as woman can empathize with men" (your words, her point). It seems remarkably presumptive. 




 309k people 




 What does this even mean. Only like 20% are locked up for drug offenses, even if we let them all go we still have "mass incarceration."  




 I as well. Told this specifically by a police officer. He said it is thought to be justified because "insurance will cover it" 




 I'm gonna guess the PBA wasn't there 




 there is a lot of diversity among gays, lots of them basically ARE frat bros that like fucking bros 














 maybe like you, not like me 




 then they should stop pumping oil 




 It's probably just that thing you say would "make all of us more comfortable" don't actually hold true for all of us. I have proper healthcare, "labor protections" and "stricter environmental laws" might actually make my life less comfortable. 




 Or lots of people are no longer necessary. Why pay to keep them around? The grind-bots will take care of that. 




 great, they don't cause problems anymore 




 something tells me dr_retardo doesn't either 




 Foreigners serve in the US Marines. I had a German, a Swede, and a Dane in my unit. 




 would you...like to... 




 you won't like what comes after 




 Totally agree, we should have gassed all the socialists long ago 




 hah, exactly what I was thinking. When I saw him shoot the hand holds, I was like "maybe not as dumb as he looks." Then he jumped the wall without his rifle and I was like, "wait, no, dumb as he looks." 




 "If it's fun and I don't enjoy it, it should be illegal"

Apply to gay sex, guns, cigarettes, weed, fireworks etc. as per your political leanings 




 people with stupid names aren't THAT bad 




 Oh as it should be. That was the case in our weapons company. The problem is that often times logistic runs or transport missions would go out manned by headquarters platoon guys. That means a few NCOs, a few pogs, and a bunch of boot 0311s no one wanted. Guess who gets  to sit up in the turret for 7 hours and guess who gets stuck "taking care of" the .50.... It was fucking stupid, I'm glad I was in a rifle platoon and didn't directly deal with it. 




 For one thing, it's a nearly 100 year old design. Another thing, many of the people that get stuck maintaining them (ie some random e-2 boot) haven't been properly trained to operate and maintain them. Finally, in many cases people working in the unit armory are the lowest of the lowly retards in the whole battalion. I'll never forget the time I our armorer didn't know how to install a KAC RAS hand-guard. 




 Likely trained by US Army SF 




 or a chinaman 




 That's a dangerous game he's playing 




 hey look, it's bulger's actual weapons stash....what's that one over on the right...
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/06/14/article-2341237-1A4FA8BB000005DC-63_634x752.jpg 




 Actually a fairly nice, uncommon handgun. I'm gonna guess stolen from some old dude. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abnormal_posturing#Decerebrate

likely has a severe brain injury 




 Heeellllllllll YEaaa! Right ON Mothafucker! *Spits tobacco and shoots gun in air 




 Hopefully his accomplices get convicted of felony murder 




 And there has been a similar or greater amount of of islamic violence in the USA since 9/11. The marathon, the dc snipers, fort hood, several beheadings, a shooting at a recruiting center, a shooting at an airport terminal. The only difference is there are far, far fewer muslims than christian men in the US. 




 their best weapon will always be a plastic jug full of fertilizer 




 Meh, you're using a outlier to dispute another more significant outlier. While the definition of "terror attack" can widely be disputed, assuming it means politically motivated violence against civilian targets, other than the big two (OKC and 9/11) there is a pretty wide variety of people responsible for the worst terrorism in US history. From puerto rican nationalists, anarchists, left wing activists, anti civil -rights groups, to radical islamists. 




 This is what people don't fucking get. Real security is virtually impossible if people don't care too much about dying or killing civilians. In afghanistan we sent out ambush patrols, we had 24/7 overwatch from multiple posts, we had night vision, we had thermals. We had a 300 foot tall tower with an automated camera capable of zooming for miles, seeing in the dark, and tracking your heat signature. We had drones with the same capabilities. Illiterate farmers still managed to plant devices that cost 10 dollars that were capable of destroying million dollar vehicles within 300m of our base on multiple occasions without getting caught. People need to just deal with the fact that there is a 1 in 10,000,000 chance that some nutjob will kill them. 




 Or someone could just slam their car into the line of people waiting to get through a checkpoint. That would probably kill more people than the Tsarneavs. 




 In my mind the debate is pretty much past now, Davis says. The cats out of the bag. 

What a fucking little cocksucking traitor. I think all boston cops should have to wear a camera and gps 24/7 from the day they graduate the academy until the day I they die considering they have expanded authority and privileges during that period. 




 Well considering the so called "threat" is from people that generally don't mind getting blown up I'd say it is theater in terms of its stated purpose. This is just to keep you and I in line. Besides, it's for your own protection! CLUMP CLUMP CLUMP 




 Yes, you are over reacting 




 The whole comment about their kind not being welcome around there made me do a little checking. It looks like Live Oak is about 30% black with most of the black residents concentrated around the town center and a small housing development in the west part of town. This hispanic residents seem to be concentrated in a trailer park in the east of town. The whites seem to mostly inhabit the rural area around the town. The motel appears to be in a very sparsely populated part of this rural area. 




 Can you prove he was shooting civilians? 




 Whenever you see an ISIS group hug you know a boom is coming 




 I agree in principal that the united states should have taken responsibility to provide military personnel sufficient to meet their operational needs, someone decided contractors were more cost effective, I don't pretend to know if they were correct. I see nothing wrong with hiring mercenaries so long as they follow the rules of engagement. Four of the thousands of people blackwater has employed didn't and are now in jail. 




 and then the guys that did that went to jail 




 Arrest a religious leader (murderer) Enrage his followers (radical islamist militia) Kill civilians (yea, good thing the Mahdi Army never did that) Fire over their heads (well that's trying) Mow them down (yea, thats what you do in a war)

 




 It's a coping mechanism.  




 When contractors, Blackwater especially, kill civilians, it's usually always deliberate

source? 




 "Tens, big maybe" You have absolutely nothing to base that on. "They killed first and got a response" Yes, in life things tend to go back and forth like that and "right" often happens to depend mostly on which side you're on. I strongly encourage you to go live in Iraq with the good guys. 




 And if you stand next to a guy shooting at someone, don't be surprised if you get shot. 




 more like "real combat everybody" In real life professional grunts generally don't cry about killing badguys. 




 And I have no qualms about them shooting insurgents, funny how that works. 




 When thousands of people are shooting at you and trying to break into the building you are protecting they cease to be "protestors" and get shot....sorry 




 My point is that because some members of a particular organization did something terrible doesn't make every person who was ever a member of that organization evil. This video was taken during a major offensive by the mahdi army involving thousands of fighters. There is no reason to believe they are shooting at civilians. 




 well no shit, contracting is a dangerous job http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2011/12/15/2011121511501294734_8.jpg 




 he's not 




 This was the first day of Al Sadr's offensive in Najaf and less than a week after the iraqis burned four blackwater guys and hung them from a bridge so it is pretty likely they were engaging insurgents. The incident in the news was different guys over three years later. 




 5.56 




