




 How precisely do you splinter a vote before a primary? 




 It was obvious he was kidding. 




 No, he doesn't change his mind. He changes the words coming out of his mouth. Hes a politician. 




 You realize Republicans are literally sucking Netanyahus dick, right. 














 If you are "terrified" using any website on the web and you continue visiting it, you need to bring that up to a therapist. 




 Golfclap 









 This submission is racist. 




 This is exactly what it is. Ask anyone who claims he can win what his wife's name is, where was he born, what is his position on drone strikes against American citizens, how much is he worth, what is his stance on Israeli apartheid practices towards Palestinians, who does he think would make a good secretary of defense, what's his position towards affirmative action, what will he do to loosen big banks grip on commodities... You get crickets. Just like Pauls supporters. They couldn't tell you anything about him except he'd audit the fed which most couldn't tell you what that even means and he likes legalization of drugs. Don't hate me for passing this message, it's just the way things appear right now to me. 




 Exactly this. I'm not buying any guarantees in this election. We are one justice away from a major conservative majority. I'm not comfortable enough to say who I may vote for, let alone who could certainly win. Name recognition in reddit cj's aside, where is the data to support these claims? 




 Riches buy the companies that build the machines that count the votes.  














 When Chinese citizens have better protections than US citizens do, it's not a good sign. 




 Why the fuck would I help Reddit make money right now? What possible reason would I have to assist a group of money and power hungry people in attaining more money and logically more power? Hell no. They are going to listen to us or they're going to collapse faster than they can say "oops".  




 If it can be demonstrated to have likely prevented any shooting this year, I'll consider your moderate approach. Otherwise all cute freshman year 101 Pavlov name bombs aside, no amount of regulation is going to address the real crisis, an emerging human condition that relies on libido and base desire and anger and violence when reacting to the world, instead of genuine concern for others. Infringing on a right our Supreme court supports as a constitutional one is not only the wrong approach to fix the issues, it's the issue that specifically led to Maryland failing to elect a shoe-in Democrat governor, Colorado to demonstrate effective recalls against Democratic reps. It will lose us the White House. I'm a nonhetero Democrat and I know this as fact. 




 Ghost World, Mulholland Drive, We Need to Talk About Kevin are a few that come to mind. 




 After reading this, I'm glad I went nexus 6 




 Did she announce her departure? Nothing else she has to say matters to me. 









 Awesome! 




 I don't think raw strength can trump the magic that protects the hammer from being wielded by unworthy people. The hammer is protected by more than its weight in the comics I've always read. 




 What if the Supreme Court weighs in and rules the Federal laws on marijuana trump the state initiatives? I thought the Supreme Court precedent seems to be Federal law will trump state law in event of conflict. 



















 I can't imagine how difficult it must be as The One. You and you alone carrying the burden of The Truth, tasked with educating us mindless sheep. It must be a living hell. 














 By the year 2050, it'll be 25 billion killed in the Holocaust. 




 Heathers 



















 I can't believe anyone remembers that show. 




 Technically the horny ones all die and teens don't beat him until everyone they know is dead and even then they fail repeatedly to truly kill him. 









 I don't create to profit, I simply enjoy creating.  




 Strip poker in ASCII... 




 I used to use a site called TheGlobe, which was sort of an early social media site. I loved it but they closed shop. 




 Freakfarm? That sounds like a Facebook game I could get into. 














 The subjectivity of morality when measured against desires for wealth never fail to surprise the shit out of me. 














 I don't care. 









 Also why if possible :) 




 No 




 Why don't I recall hearing about this before? Is this something that happens regularly? 









 Some Tyler Perry movie with Madea in it. A wedding or funeral or some shit was happening. My ex was forcing me through it, I wanted an airplane engine to fall through the ceiling and crush me. 



















 WYR post a stupid comment reflecting a total lack of intelligent thought or remain silent and not look like an absolute twat? Either way you live so hopefully this is more suited to your specific set of rules. 














 Greece already collapsed. That happened. The question isn't about their collapse. The question is whether or not they intend to dump the EU which would send EU markets sliding into potential recession territory. 




 Tl;dr 




 Let them. 









 Life experience also teaches the beauty of brevity. 




 Oh no this one is gonna be gold. I'm making popcorn and reading it tonight. Not kidding. 














 Get out and live. Fail. Love. Make an ass out of yourself. Get rich. Break a bone. Get divorced. Rescue a dog. Get dangerously addicted to something then drop it. Lack of life experience is such a glaring, obvious flaw in so many books. My opinion obviously. 




 She may well lose. It won't be to Sanders.  









 I'm in 









 Spanking the Monkey.  









 It only works when you look at people over eighty years old. 









 Film and comic abilities in play. 




 Without a doubt. 




 I'm personally thinking he starts drinking at takeoff and doesn't stop. 
























 How or why not? 




 City street fight to the death 



















 So...horcrux 









 All abilities implied by comic, film or book in play for both sides 




 Reading OPs unusually limited history, I now actually believe this. I was being sarcastic earlier. 




 I'd be more likely to believe OP is. 




 This ignores the environment. Perhaps CT has a nicer, more educated well off population that aren't resorting to guns to settle gang disputes. 




 Cage match no prep 




 hell 




 I think I'll start with Rover and Snowpiercer, they seem solid glancing online. Definitely working my way through your list! 




 I've seen the majority of those and forgot Mulholland Drive on my list, its one of my top picks of all time. Long day I guess. Never heard of Sleep Dealer though? 




 These are great, I have not seen any of these aside from Gilliams work and Oldboy thank you. 




 Some of my favorites include 
-The 39 Steps
-Beyond the Black Rainbow
-The Royal Tenenbaums
-Primer
-Eyes Wide Shut, 2001: A Space Odyssey
-Enter the Void
-Memento, Inception, Interstellar
-Southland Tales

I'm looking for films that stick with you after you see them, for better or worse. Something that makes you think and consider other viewpoints or something that passes as solid after multiple viewings. Surprise endings are not necessarily key, just a solid, intelligent film would be great. Thanks!
 




 Red Corner with Richard Gere isn't specifically a "law movie", there's some mystery to it but it involves an American businessman suddenly forced into the Chinese legal system as a defendant. I enjoyed it, and I enjoyed most of the films in your list. I also like the Pelican Brief, but the book was a bit better. 




 Military is against this operation. Military officials who are serving law enforcement roles or vice versa are actually sleeper cell policerevolution spies.  




 Time travel has been proven to be theoretically possible by current understanding of the quantum relation of atoms and their responses to observation. So technically time travel can be considered logical. Just wanted to throw that out there. 
























 All existing alliances and likely alliances are in play. 




 I hate McDonald's so I don't eat there. I don't stand in the lobby and yell at everyone and try to shut them down or change them. I simply don't fucking go there. See how that works? 




 Not one mention of Prescott Bush? Seriously? 




 Starving children in Africa have no idea what suffering truly is. 









 You mean you had to see sentences you don't agree with and take the time to look at the next sentence? Your life must be a living hell. 









 City street fight 




