 Christeene is a god.  




 Pretty terrible list.  




 The closet is strong with this one.  




 Body of Cage.  




 No feat is impossible for our One True God.  




 I mean... If he's known in town as a pussy goth bitch those kids probably wouldn't fear him and enjoy making fun of him. I was dying with laughter... But the end seemed a little staged. :( 




 I thought it was real until the end. Is it fake? Please for the love of god let it be real.  




 TL;DR? 




 *Godnado 




 My teeth started turning yellow.  




 I now love India because one of her favorite movies is Spider-Man. That is all. And how old is this bitch?  




 not me. i love to say what i really think. I'm not a troll, but I'm nobody's bitch either.  




 Just another miracle of our blessed lord and savior.  




 Is that Purple Tinker? 




 She said she asked for forgiveness. She didn't say she has been forgiven.  




 Really? For season 5 the episodes were available the day after they aired. I don't know if the premiere is going to be available before it plays on Logo but it's possible. You'll probably be able to pre-order 1 - 2 weeks before the premiere.  




 Is this real?? 




 the f u seemed really fake to me 




 Hmmm.... 




 I have never contemplated suicide but now that I've seen this... 




 Oh, thank god.  




 Y NO MAC?! 




 Why did I watch for almost 3 minutes? 




 um.... no, hunny. 




 Not even Jinkx could save this. Why did she do this? Crush on Manilla? Utter shite.  




 Do people ever say you remind them of Divine? 




 Yeah.. I thought it was cute till the end then that actually made me laugh. Hilarious.  




 Mrs. Pubkin.  




 I KNOW! I secretly love itttt.  




 I miss NYC so much. 




 Masterpiece.  




 I didn't see that but I can see it....  




 blahblahbalahbalxnuybusbfc89paxwkucbaux 




 Leor could be the spelling too.  




 Um.... Death Proof is amazing. Django is his worst.  




 This gets posted here like every other day.... I usually don't scream out repost but I feel like this is probably the thing I've seen the most. I've literally seen this at least 10 times in the past year.  




 That was pure genius. Subscribed.  




 Gravity... Duh. 




 is this some nyu bullshit? 




 Vicky looks busted. Ratchet.  




 I wish I was a billionaire so I could give this kid all my money. One of the saddest things I've ever seen.  




 Gurgon was terrifying. 




 This song is pretty awesome. 




 WTF did I just watch? 




 That guy is stoned as fuck. Love it. 




 The NCC shall be protesting his funeral surely.  




 Amazing 




 suddenly everything is so quiet. :(  




 Kinda love the WTFness of this.. Kinda would like to see a SFW WTF sub for just not gross out shit that makes you go WTF...  




 This really is a beautiful song. Even though Adele is mainstream she's one of those rare exceptions. Her voice gives me the chills.  




 *dicks 




 For some reason I find it doubtful many will find this triggering but if they do I'd like to know 









 Sadly, I think those final evolutions are cooler than what we actually got, even though I still love what we got..  




 How does this relate to NoFap? Fapping is not a mental illness  




 I feel like I'm more successful not fapping when I don't think about it and when I'm not thinking about it I'm not on this site. I come here when I relapse, need a reminder of how many days I have (don't count. it makes it too obsessive like the only thing that matters), or when I need a reminder why I shouldn't fap  




 Everybody faps I'm sorry The only people who don't fap are people in sexually gratifying relationships (and still many if not most of those people fap) and people on this forum. Oh, and certain religious types Also, eunichs.  




 I fap because I'm a guy and I want to have sex 24/7. Not because I'm an insecure person who has gone through the some mental shit. Come on This isn't a drug addiction It's a physiological drive. 

(Sorry for being a douche cause i know you spent a long ass time writing that, but I think you're maybe missing the point If you were super happy and stuff, maybe WITH a partner to have sex with all the time, you'd probably have the same drive. NoFap to me is about transmuting this intense sexual desire to creating a more amazing life.)  




 Not sure if racist or attempt at anti-racism... 




 Yeah... Deep fried oreos are heaven sent.  




 Sorry, but if she got those off ebay, the gba games that is, I don't want to douche on your Christmas, but theres a really high chance they are bootlegs. I didn't realize till early this year that all my gba games except one copy of FireRed wasn't bootlegged. Sorry, but yours look like some are probably bootleg. 




 Yeah, I didn't laugh at the comment, if you really need clarification.  




 I find Hugh Jackman with hanging balls from under his chin eating at a fancy NYC restaurant with Kate Winslet hilarious.  




 I find this hilarious. Most people I know who have seen it actually love it. I haven't met anybody who has seen it who doesn't like it. I can see why people hate it, but I thought it was hilarious. Especially the dare date one... Great movie in the vein of Kuntucky Fried Movie.  




 You are tearing me apart, Aimee! 




 I love while he's getting tased he goes "This is the most beautiful thing!" 




 Didn't read any of that but edging leads to ejaculating. Nuff said. 




 Best post on this reddit EVER 




 Girl... PG-13. 




 FUCK YA 

EDIT: almost 2 years (20 months) 




 I'm gagging.  




 Just commit to not letting the chaser effect win. Just don't fap. When the chaser affect happens you'll know it's happening and just say fuck you chaser and go listen to music or something to get your mind off it.  




 trust me, it was the right choice.  




 Chill 




 /r/EAF 




 Hashtag TeamAlaska 




 You've lost hope in life? Take a chill pill. Yeeesh.  




 blahblahblah 




 Just don't fap. Don't edge. Enjoy the arousal.  




 Piper could be a repressed lesbian. It's not certain that she is Bi. 




 Yeah, tell me how it affects my reboot and stuff. It's really kind of annoying since I was doing hard mode and I can feel a minor loss of energy, and I was super energetic and going to the gym everyday. Not a huge set back but I'm kinda like: Hey, less fuel down in the cannons. 

EDIT: Also, I've never had a wet dream with ejaculation. Only sex dreams where I never got to finish.  




 PUNCH THAT BITCH!!!! (instead of just standing there and saying "she's biting his lip eyyyyyy") 




 Oh god... Oh god... Must have...  




 my thoughts exactly 




 The acapella version was quite beautiful.  




 That.... was.... amazing..... 




 That's just a link to a forum.. :( 




 Fuck you. I'm not gonna fail you pessimistic dipshit.  









 I kind of like them. Their humor is so lame it's kind of endearing.  




 Photoshop is not your friend, honey. Learn to contour and you'll be more passable.  




 I mean... After about 30 seconds it's not painful. And you should go for more than 30 seconds. Also, cold showers are great if you're trying to get in shape. They force your body to burn more calories for the rest of the day because it has to raise your body temperature to combat the coldness.  




 I wonder what she's going to eat today.  









 Why would they go for the fast and the cutest? Why not The Fast and The Furriest... Just seems pretty obvious to me.  




 How did you find this?! 




 They do. 









 I think the show The Biggest Loser is psychologically damaging and super fucked up, yet everyone on the show and everyone who watches it parades around saying THEY'RE SAVING THEIR LIVES. As somebody who used to be obese, I know how hard it is to get in shape, and when I watch shows and read articles about Fat Shaming I can't believe I even lost the weight. People would lose the weight easier if they weren't constantly being told how inferior they are because they aren't a certain weight. Let people make their own decisions. 99% of people who are overweight know it's not healthy. You don't need to make them feel bad about it. It's only going to make it worse.  




 I'm talking about mega Charizard Y's left wing. It appears to me to be coming out of his tail, not his back.  




 Why is Mega Charizard Y's wing coming out of his tail? 




 What were those hand movements that guy did? I really enjoyed them. 









 That was depressing. It was like watching the end of a Todd Solondz movie. 




 Bill Mahar isn't a coward.  




 Did anybody else scroll long enough to see the fairy men fucking the dick? Yeah...  




 Bets cringe yet.  




 Thanks... I think this might be it...I just ordered it off amazon for 15 bucks so I'll let you know once I play it.  




 So, I only got to play this game once when I was a little kid and I remember thinking it was ridiculously fun. I always thought it was called Quest, but I've searched online and I can't find any information about any SNES game being called just Quest, theres Mystic Quest and Palladin's Quest but I kind of doubt that either are the game I'm thinking of. The only thing I can tell you to remember what it was was that it was a kind of fantasy game where near the begining of the game you have to figure out a sort of card trick. My older brother kept playing it and I think there was a part where he got a special flute that he played to summon something inside a castle. I wish I could tell you more, but it looked like a zelda / pokemon game Where you have a small character, move up/down/left/right and you talk to people and you read what they say. If this sounds like any game you know of I would love to know cause I want to buy it. I always think about it randomly and how badly I wanted to play it when I was a little kid. Thanks in advanced.  




 E.A.F. 




 What are your fetishes?  




 Jinkx... Just STUNNING.  




 That guys like.. Okay.. Can I take it home and play it please.  




 I mean... He's a bronie. I doubt it's much of a joke.  




 /r/eaf 









 Question: Is Courtney Act a full male? Or is she any part Trans? 




 If only this was a Lars Von Trier film and not a disney pic. The poster is pretty gorgeous.  




 Didn't there used to be a windows xp wallpaper that looked like this? I remember finding it very soothing.  




 There are also several ghosts.  




 /r/EAF 




 I just masterbated to this photo.  




 Holy shit. That's fuckin crazy.  




 Cuteness overload.  




 I received it about a week ago in wonder trade from Japan and I'm trying to organize my boxes into order based on region and such and I see Bastiodon wasn't one of the X and Y pokemon... Any ideas? I'm nervous it's a hacked pokemon and I don't want it to affect my game...  




 I received it about a week ago in wonder trade from Japan and I'm trying to organize my boxes into order based on region and such and I see Bastiodon wasn't one of the X and Y pokemon... Any ideas?  




 Can the hackers use GTS? 




