














 Just imagine if all NFL and NBA players quit and took up MMA... the talent would be INSANE 





























 I can't wait for Bader to become champ and then have Vinny Maghales show up at his press conference and challenge him to a rematch 







































 When asked how long he's had a crush on Maeby, George Michael says "for about 53 weeks"... the joke being that the first three season run encompassed 53 episodes 









 That's what passes for humor these days? blech 












































 20 bucks on top of the PPV? $50? 









 And that's why you always leave a note 




 My vote is for wolf tickets 


































 lol, he's so tough until the smaller security guard steps up to him 




 I once met a hardcore BJ Penn fan at a bar when he was fighting Hughes pt. 2... such an ass! 




 fair enough.. but so many athletes go for "lets get richer!" investments rather than maybe putting into safe dividend paying stocks, no? 




 With 24 million, why even invest.. collect interest with no risk, right? 



















 Eh, anyone else thing Letterman has long been overrated? Was he ever funny? 




 Season 4 has more gold than people think :) 












































 Ah yes, an escape! 


































 If there's not another side to the story, this is pretty pathetic..  


































 Per the Reebok deal, fighters get $$ anytime apparel with their name or face on it gets sold... are people really buying Dillishaw shirts? Aside from Anderson Silva or GSP, do fighter-themed clothes sell in a significant way? 





























 What happened in those 4 months to make the next 5.5 years work so well? 



































































































 had no idea he wrestled with DC 




 Oh man, sad news 









 I think it's safe to say Fitch will never fight in the UFC again.. 













































































































 We just need "Better than Ezra" to round out the lineup 




 Gob? 


































 Silva was borderline disrespectful.. somehow I missed the fact that Silva kissed Weidman a kiss on the cheek after the end of Round 1 





























 Yeah, not sure how to top this gem! 







































 Most bad ass response ever 







































