 Three thumbs up ,that's a nice knife! 




 I got one of these last month and put it on the edge-pro at 15 degrees,very sharp but still dragged a bit.Yesterday I decided to try something  else,stropping with 400 then 1200 sand paper on a mouse pad followed by a regular stropping progression on leather then balsa wood.Worked nicely so I called it a day and sat down to browse Reddit where I saw this post,small world! Took it to work today and while it's no laser,and I,m no expert, I sure perked it up. Enjoy! 














 Oops, my bad. That would be a Dojo 200mm blue #2 




 Shun boning and yes a Kanetsugu Pro M 240mm. 




 3 and 7 on top are Kanetsugu 230mm and Shun sora 210mm,#3 on bottom is a Dojo 200mm blue#2 




 None anymore  




 Nope 




 I still drink,just not in bars. 




 That is a ....GASP, Shun Sora,the other is a Massakage. beware of trolls if you like the Shun. I love the Shun. 




 Hey man, ya did something so far,stick with it. Keep learning the trade
and build on it. Not everyone owns a kitchen but you can still shine.Give people food that makes them go mmmm.talk to your regulars and make them welcome.You will do ok. 




 Thanks,I'm not judging,this works for me. I am older and have spent enough money on bars and drugs to bring keith Richards to his knees.Now I just try to improve my skills. 




 Xbox ps3,xboxps3! 




 No each one is different and I love them all,but I do have favorites
 




 Pricey but gives back. 




 Give it all away to a new guy that deserves it, If you feel you are going to die.Fuck the family,they don't deserve it,I know mine don't! 




 Nope,just an American cook who respects his mentors 




 Yes they are,I put them on all kinds of soups and stews and mostly chili. 




 Fuck you,I love my dog. 




 I use it to clean up racks of ribs ect. 




 I drink at home and buy new knives to play with. 














 Stupid kid put a shotgun under his chin and missed,blew most of his face off and lived. Him and his mother then went on a media campaign to sue the rock band that he claimed made him do it. 




 It finally let me rant about my real hatred of the Swiss,those watch making army knife toting bastards. No one cares about that! 




 Well said. 




 Apparently Larry Flynt has fallen on hard times. 




 Dam that water's cold. Yeah deep too! 




 Baths. Instead of a quick shower I always get up early and soak in a nice hot bath with my coffee. 




 As an American I would say that it is a ploy based on old-time values that people use to try to appear more respectable.This is why the Gov. will ban certain words and body parts from television, but will take money from companies to allow the barrage of condom,dido,sex oil,phone-sex and viagra ads that any kid watching TV is sure to see. 




 True for some,for some others I would call in the whole flock. For the select few I would call in the raptors. 




 Theme song from Looney-toons. Dididaa, dididaa, dats all folks! 




 June Cleaver talking jive!!! 




 Love you Jimmy,you were my big brother,parent and closest sibling. 




 With that one ear up,I would say "Radar" 




 I live in up state NY and anything I have ordered from these sites was here in three days.  http://www.japanesechefsknife.com/default.html  http://www.chefknivestogo.com/ 




 How do you like that Takamura? I have one and call it my little hot-rod. 




 Ok Carrie! 




 Green chromium oxide paste(about 6,000 grit) followed by 1 micron diamond paste. 




 Was bored and just used what i had laying around,works fine. 




 Sharpens covex edges. 




 The Fonz. 




 Jive turkey. 




 Fresh water. 




 Nice dress! It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 dollar bills glued to craft foam and magnet backing, loaded with stropping compounds to maintain a convex edge. 









 Two of my best knives have convex edges. wanted to keep that.here is what i came up with. thin craft foam from dollar store,plus cheap magnet  backing from dollar store, plus dollar bills. Glue them together and add stropping compounds.seems to work quite nicely and much cheaper than special mediums that you see advertised.. 









 This comment gives me an idea of your age and  and i say again,get a life learn your trade.  




 Thank you! 




 Whenever I run out of salt or sugar I always look in the bottom of my knife bag to  see what I can use,NOT! I hate you health dept. zombies. Get a life,learn your trade. 









 The Takamura is a very high performance knife although the blade could be a bit taller and the handle a bit beefier IMHO.It is my"good boy" knife and cost almost twice what the others did. For most general kitchen work all you really need is a chefs knife and a paring or utility. 




 Custom made with classy rose wood handle and R2 blade,that steel is awesome. 




 Kanetsugu ProM 240mm,Takamura R2 210mm,Fujiwara 210mm carbon,Kanetsugu ProM 210mm,Shun Sora 210mm and Richmond Artifex extra tall 240mm AEB-L steel. 




 I use the 240's for prep when I make soups,stews, specials,ect.. the Pro M seems to be the better one for meat,the Artifex is a bit sticky in that regard. The 210's I love equally,each has its own merits and draw backs.Kind of hard to explain but someone who makes  a living with knives would understand. 









 Um...honey? about the 401k... 




 "tobacco" haha! 




 Yeah, 210mm. I actually chose this one because of the recommendation you gave Fujiwara on one of my previous posts.I wanted to try a patina on a carbon knife I could use at work,but didn't want to screw up an expensive knife. Real nice factory edge and a bit of stropping has it razor cutting the loose ends of my hair. Back to work tomorrow and can't wait to try it. 




 The parts about knives and inefficiency were spot on. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlnyjpEs32I 




 Fujiwara FKH. 









 "These people are asking about the menu.Manicotti is some kind of fish,right?" 




 Perfect gift for some of my co workers. 




 These are very good for the price. http://www.knifeworks.com/chefsknives-2.aspx 




 Nice! I have the lock back version of this and love it,heirloom quality. 




 Check out the forums here http://www.chefknivestogo.com/gokoknives.html those guys know their stuff. 




 Happened to me with fry grease,slipped on ice.Luckily I was able to throw it as I fell and just burned my forearm. 




 Al Bundy and Red Forman 




 I can play Doom on my old Sandisk mp3 player. 




 I'm a great cook! 




 My wife inherited these,top one from grandma is German circa 70's,bottom is from great grandma, made on the west coast about 100 years ago. M.O.P. scales on both 









 This is very nice for the price. http://www.worldknives.com/products/linder-crown-stag-miniature-hunting-knife-nr-566705-2874.html 




 Man jewelry!  




 YAY! I'm in! 




 Never really watched him until I saw the video of him boning out a chicken a few weeks back, wow! I just got one his books but haven't read it yet.I like the way he focuses on technique  witch is how I was trained. 




 I have spent my whole life cooking on this concept.Never went to school and was lucky to train under some old school Euro chefs. My food doesn't win awards, but when the contest is over the chefs and judges come to me for their meal. I have asked friends many times, What are the best fundamental dishes of your life? Invariably, their response goes back to food prepared by a mother, a grandmother, a father, an aunt, or some other relative or friend. A main ingredient of those preparations is the love with which they are prepared. Those early tastes remain with you for the rest of your life. I stole that quote from the article but it is true,and I have made a good living on this concept. 









 Thanks for the interest. http://www.chefknivestogo.com/takamura.html    http://www.chefknivestogo.com/mamigy21.html 




 If you have money they give you some drugs to ease your guilt,if not you go to jail and those are the ones you hear about. 




 HAHA! 




 Your dad is fucking with you.ps... your dad is awesome. 




 Anyone who posts stupid political propaganda on FB,it used to come in my e-mail years ago and i had to nasty-gram the dumb fucks! 




 Catch EM and Kill Em, I say. these sick fucks have been around for centuries, have their own secret societies, and are so entrenched that they are accepted in politics,religion and money circles. 




 Free pussy! 














 you get the day off and everyone talks good about you for a week or so. 




 Try Jersey.
 




 Humbly glad to offer my services. 




 Whenever we get a new one I like to put it on my head and staat talkin all rasta mon! 




 Look at the bright side,if you marry the girl you will always have something to hold over your annoying mother in law! 




 I live in a tourist town and every summer I see these douche bag families...Red Hummer with custom wheels parks in 2 spaces,plastic hair fake tan designer dad gets out followed by giant phoney boob Peg Bundy over the hill street walker edition mom, and of course the tween age daughter is dressed like they are trying to sell her on the Arab sex slave market.People actually raise their kids like this! FTW! 




 If I were the leader of a religious chef cult, this picture would be on the cover of my pamphlet about where good chefs go when they die. 




 I,m sure youtube has something about that. 




 No it's not, this is how city folk raise their kids now days. Makes me sick. 




 http://www.chefknivestogo.com/takamura.html 




 Thats a new one for me,thanks! 




 http://www.chefknivestogo.com/takamura.html 




 Yep! Otb edge razor cuts the loose ends of my hair and shaves translucent slices from a free standing tomatoe, mabey just a bit of stropping after a few weeks. 




 Takamura. 




 Sweet! 




 What kind of parent brings a pre-teen to hooters? 









