 I think the kid at least deserves an audition. But if he can't act or something, I think we should let the casting directors figure that one out, because Han Solo has some very big shoes to fill. 




 All of UK doesn't have it 




 You can be in charge of the parades at the end of ROTJ. 




 Man this is awful, never been to /b/ but didn't know their sense of humor was so shitty. 




 I don't want Star Wars to go down the path of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Every film in the MCU is formulaic and uninspired. The Marvel movies aren't films as art, they are films as a product. I don't know about you but I much prefer films as art, and I believe Star Wars films have been art for the past 30 years or so. The MCU is entirely forgettable, and that's what Star Wars will become. Soon, Star Wars won't be special. It'll be another peg on the Hollywood machine, and it makes me sad to think about. 

Telling the backstory of every character cheapens them. You know what Obi-Wan did while on Tatooine? Nothing. He was a hermit who hid around watching Luke grow up. That's what I think. Maybe you think something different. But if we get a trilogy of Obi-Wan films, then both of our personal backstories are rendered void. And instead we get some generic blockbusters about how Obi-Wan secretly dueled with a Sith or something. I don't want that. 

I know I'll get downvoted for this but I'm speaking my mind anyway. What you call enrichment of the Star Wars universe, I call the cheapening of the great original story. 




 So has comic con started? What are the important dates and times to remember? 




 I don't know if I'd have the balls to be a smuggler. I'd probably drop my cargo at the first sight of an imperial starship. 




 Do your patients frequently lose the will to live? 




 I think I'd like to be a droid mechanic. Building new friends and having fun at markets on Tatooine would be quite the life. 




 The point of this question is what would you be if you were just a typical citizen in Star Wars, not special like Jedi or particularly talented like Bounty Hunters. Not everyone can be unique like them. Some people just have to be moisture farmers and stormtroopers and cantina band players. 




 Coruscant. That's the place with the most adventures to be had. 




 Can't wait for a remastered version when the soundtrack for TFA comes out. 




 Yeah but the good thing was that you could dismiss it. I, as well as many other people, only care about the films. The EU was great because it allowed for the people who were hungry for more SW content to have access to it. But let's face it, if you made a movie about a cloned Palpatine, or whatever other ridiculous, glorified fan fiction makes up the EU, it would be trash, and it would also detract from the original films. But that's just my two cents.

Same goes with Rebels and Clone Wars. Disney can say that Ashoka is canon, but most people would agree that no, Anakin didn't have an apprentice. 

I don't want to know what happened to Han before ANH. Let the viewer decide, because it doesn't matter. I don't want to know how Boba Fett came to be, the mystery that surrounds him is his best part. Don't shove characters into movies based on the fact that people like them, because it can destroy the artistic integrity of their story. 

Star Wars is a vast universe of endless wonderful possibilities. Tell a new story for Pete's sake. 




 This question of "What happened between this episode and this episode?" and "What happened to this character before this episode?" will ultimately destroy the Star Wars franchise. It's fine as books but we're seeing it start with films like Han Solo. Soon there will be a Greedo movie and a Wedge Antilles movie and a young Lando movie and a movie that took place between ANH and ESB starring Leia and Chewie. Or maybe it's just me. 




 If they had a trailer they would show it at Comic Con, then do an online release after the panel. You just have a confirmation bias. 




 "There's 100% a trailer this friday guise!"
  No new trailers at comiccon - EW

"Oh, I'm being told something from my source... There's gonna be something big this friday! It will bring down the internet! But I can't say anything about it."

Yeah, I don't buy it. He's obviously riding on the assumption that they will show something important at SDCC, then he can say he saw it two days earlier. 




 The Star Wars twitter account said that they had been following him ever since he did a live read of a Star Wars script as Luke Skywalker. I doubt he's attached to the role of Han Solo.

[Link](https://twitter.com/starwars/status/618634972593700865) and [link](https://twitter.com/starwars/status/618640973271302144) to said tweets. 




 The more that is revealed about the anthology films, the less optimistic I am. 




 This is one of the scariest things for me. We get so many Star Wars movies that it loses its magic. 




 We had three Han Solo films. They were called the Original Trilogy. We don't need any more. 




 I'm really hoping for unknown actors. It's pretty much a Star Wars tradition. 




 Anthony Ingruber, the guy who played a younger version of Ford in Age of Adaline. Or Tye Sheridan if they wanna go really young like Marvel and Peter Parker. 

If they cast Chris Pratt I will lose my mind. 




 Adam, are you looking forward to Star Wars: The Force Awakens this year? What are your hopes for the movie? 




 We are not getting a trailer guys. Occam's razor. It's much more likely that we're not getting one than JJ and EW pulling off some elaborate surprise. 




 Usually people want to know if a film is good before they buy merchandise. Imagine getting a Jar Jar Binks toy 6 months before TPM came out. 




 I wasn't an avid leak follower back then either but I can tell you that the novelization of TPM came out at bookstores over a month before the film even came out. 




 Imagine this announcement: TFA IS HAVING ITS RELEASE DATE BUMPED UP TO OCTOBER!

I'd be fine with no trailer if that was the case 




 Just a friendly reminder that if you are wrong come Friday, we will all grab our pitchforks and you will be dead within the hour. 




 I think what they really want to avoid is important plot details getting out, then the general public getting spoilered, then everyone getting mad at JJ. 

They know that people will stop at nothing to figure out the whole plot. 




 He's not dead. [He merely became one with the Force.](http://i.imgur.com/ixjWbqS.jpg) 




 That's exactly what someone would say if they wanted to surprise us with a brand new trailer
 









 Ok good, dont want to let Steve Jobs take my money 




 Wait, is it exclusive to iPhone? 




 Very cool stuff. One thing I hope for the new trilogy is that there aren't too many Jedi. The OT was great cause there was only a few Jedi remaining, and the PT kind of took away from that with the crazy amount of Jedi. An oriental actor with a samurai style is very intriguing though. Also good to see that Asians actually exist in this universe. 




 Nowhere. The comment is merely discussing this post. 




 According to a few leaks, Kylo Ren is Han Solos son.

He also [](/s "kills Han in TFA.")

edit: don't know why I'm being downvoted it's the established truth in the TFA leak community. 




 I think having MVS die wouldn't give as much of an emotional impact as Han dying so I think he should be the one to go. Keeping the old guys around too long could soil this trilogy IMO. 




 I think it will happen in TFA, and I hope it does, because I think it's a great plot point. However, I am mad that I won't get the full effect because I'm already expecting it. That's what happens when you browse this sub I guess. 




 Just got done watching About Time, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and 500 Days of Summer. I was wondering if there are any other similar movies in this genre. Bittersweet, romantic, melancholic, and make you think about your own life. It's not just typical Nicholas Sparks romance crap, it has some quality to it. Thanks!  




 **About Time**. It's very melancholic and romantic, and gives you that funny bittersweet feeling inside. Would recommend for anyone who likes romcoms. Also, I would love to hear some other people recommend me some films based on this one. 




 I feel the same way, but "You are not my father" honestly sounds like something they would do. 




 Yes witty banter is fine. I was referring to the CGI Nyong'O that is described as "funny". Sounds reminiscent of Jar Jar. 




