 This is actually so badass. 














 I'm gonna like this sub. 














 Get your dog some chew toys, man! 









 Someone call the Olympics. Tell 'em it's canceled. I already won! 




 Bullshit, it was a minor correction at best 




 Screw you dude, she winked at me 




 Username checks out  




 Add some color, get a wall paper and some fake or real plants and as someone else said have some height variation. Give the eye many places to look at and avoid symmetry. 




 Your puns are not welcome in our country 




 The math checks out 




 Sounds like a pro if you ask me...god dammit, I need to get back to work.  









 OP will deliver... 









 TRUST! HIM! 




 http://m.imgur.com/gallery/xgz9nkR 




 OP we're worried! 




 Don't tell me what to do 




 It explodes when it hits the fire. I mean come on, it explodes. Explodes... 




 Idk... 




 "You can't reason someone out of an opinion they didn't reason them self into"
-some redditer in a tread I forget 




 OP will deliver 




 Hi qua- wait, god dammit  




 Thanks, the river turned out great, I'm glad you like it. I'm getting some more fish soon and I think your right with the white rocks. They stand out too much that it takes away from looking at the fish. All I need now is some more fish! 




 A wall paper I put as a background, thought it looked kinda fish themed. It's weird but it's better than seeing cables and wires. 




 Right now I just have fake plants in there but once the tank is established and I have more fish in there maybe I'll swap some props with real plants. I'll have to do more research on it though. 




 Thanks! I'm getting some more fish soon, I just need to get the chemicals right and let the bacteria build up to keep up with more ammonia from more fish. I'm still very new to fish keeping so I don't really know what kind I want but I have a great local store which will give me some great fish next time I'm there. 




 10 gallon tank
Only 2 fish in there right now, Skirt Tetras.
I'm still getting the water right.
http://imgur.com/fEJTuAB
http://imgur.com/L9LfWbh
http://imgur.com/DpsUQ0d
http://imgur.com/xZJawFt
http://imgur.com/OpDqMCb
http://imgur.com/6BRcufh
http://imgur.com/uvZWNSI 









 I hear what your saying, I just don't think it's right to point out that wings progress may not be as good as everyone is making it out to be. He's still making a lot of progress and kicking ass while doing it. 









 His cheek bones look more prominent and he's much happier. We should stop focusing on how much weight he's loosing but rather that he is making an active effort to make a lifestyle change and needs our love and support. Who cares if Woody may have cherry picked a bad and good photo to use, they are giving their moral support and that's what matters. 




 He wrestled in high school and college, you can look it up pictures of him. You would think you were looking at a young Mike Tyson. 




 It was hard to see unnamed man go :'( 




