 Holy shit 




 He doesn't drink.  Looks smashed.  Good pic.   




 Saved this photo in case in ever late for work.  




 Because they play with different toys.  They don't like how they play with their toys.    




 This is late but could I send in my velineon brushless system for the castle?    




 I was thinking butt-nose.  Dick-nose or butt-nose, who-nose.   




 No, but it's been sitting on this table in my living room for quite sometime now.  









 oh theres more
http://imgur.com/ALLqWbc,9mFrZze
 




  alpina b7
yes it is

 




 http://imgur.com/4h1YA0d 









 ^^AT^^-^^AT 




 https://www.etsy.com/market/death_star_soap

Theres a market for this stuff 




 What they actually did does sound movieish. 
http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-32414531 




 You ever come to MN and hit up the outdoor rinks? 




 Nothing really.   It's hard to find an OFNA 1/12 wing, especially black or white.  Watch your bearings if you upgrade to aluminum knuckle.   I would actually just upgrade screws and bearings if you have the extra cash.   Avid bearings and RCscrewz.    




 Exactly!   I actually snapped in A-arm and one stock bearing destroyed my HR Knuckle.   
So i decided to update everything.   




 http://imgur.com/GYpvxu0

http://imgur.com/Ad8tLVf

http://imgur.com/k1vLqhD 









 Bought a 1/16 Revo.   I think I put in $500 this month  




 Ok so I don't understand the dimension.  I still emailed multiple examples and the actual right size bearing.     The kit was not right in the first place.  I received 8 bearings that do not fit my rc truck.   

http://imgur.com/9YbVDmp

The blue is a traxxas 8x12.   The black is a FE 8x12

I don't understand then  




 I'll just include this now. 
This was the email he sent back.   Now remember I have sent a couple picks comparing the bearings.   I even gave the traxxas part number so if you looked it up online or Google you would even see what the bearing look like.    This was his reply:

"Look at what your asking.  
You want to send 8x12 back and to be replaced with 8x12.  We included 8x12. You asked for 8x12 and we sent more.  Now you want to send 8x12 back and get more 8x12?

I'm sorry. We have tried to get this taken care of for you but it's obvious you don't understand what you have or or what you need.  Please ask for some help from someone that understands what you need. "

Now I understand I am asking for the same size bearing.    It needs to have the same outer dimensions.   Both bearings are in fact 8x12.   

(Now under my mistake I linked him to 2 different links.  How I obtained these links was that I googled "8x12 bearing" and the Boca site came up with the bearings he keeps sending me.  The ones I don't need.   The second Google was "8x12x3.5 bearing" which also popped up the Boca site first which was the correct bearing I needed.   So I included those two links in my email when I should have just linked him to his own damn site to the bearing I needed)

I replied with this:
"Can you not see the picture I sent you?   
Look at your bearing compared to correct bearing.   
I need 8 of those.  
Looks at this kit.   They have the correct bearing.   Do you see how big the opening is?   
Can you not see the images I am sending?  
I never originally requested a size.  I said the bigger ones that fit the axles.  You went ahead and just sent 4 more.   You never waited for measurements.   I send 2 pictures showing the obvious difference of the inside diameter of the bearings.  You for some reason can't comprehend that the inside of the bearing you sent is to small for the right bearings.   I guess that is all we can do though.   If you can't tell the difference between bearings it's just a lost cause.   

This is the bearing size I need and what should have came in the kit I paid good money for.  Do you see the size?  8x12x3.5

http://www.bocabearings.com/bearing-inventory/Radial-Bearings/2814/8x12x3-5-MR1282GS?utm_source=googlefeed08292013 utm_medium=cpc utm_campaign=radial gclid=COj6qPLS_cQCFRABaQodREQAgg

This is what you keep sending me and not understanding that although they are the same size. It has a different inside diameter. 
Do you see the size 8x12?   Yes you are correct that is the same size as the one above, but if you look closely the inside diameter would not fit a revo 1/16 axle through that opening.   
http://www.bocabearings.com/bearing-inventory/Radial-Bearings/7491/0-6250x1-3750x0-3437-SR102RS

I hope you can see the difference.  

Thanks,

 




 Yes it should be in more detail.   It should include the 3.5 at the end.  You can tell at the skinniness in the manual, but if you are going off just by that number you end up with the fatter bearings.  
Which I even explained to him in the email.   Which is when he told me this 

"You told me what size you needed and I sent them. Don't assume what you need.  Measure them. Every time you assume it coats be 6.00. If you want to measure what you need and send the other 8 bearings back I will be more then glad to get you what you need.  The original kit has the proper size bearings in it according to traxxas " -Ed

So he assumed and took the 8x12 measurement and sent me the fatter bearings.   I told him I need 8x12x3.5 the bearing with the bigger inside diameter. And I sent him a pic of the two bearings showing the difference.    I said I would send those 8 bearings in exchange for the other ones.   




 I did twice.   I sent him the dimensions but he still insists that's what he sent me even tho they are the same outside diameter the inside ares clearly different.  I even told him the diameter but he insisted I measure.    
I will be uploading the email mag along with it just so everyone can see how ridiculous the whole situation was.   
I opted for a refund on everything.   I'm just going to go with Avid now.   They seem to understand the size of bearings after I spoke with them.   




 http://imgur.com/UFfvKHY
One of the images I sent in my email.  
Yet they still don't understand what bearing I need 




 Alright so I ordered a Revo 1/16 bearing kit from 
FastEddyBearings.com.   The kit included everything except for the right size bearings for the knuckles and differential.  

What it included was (8) 8x12 bearings which is the right size, but not the right inner diameter.  The bearings that were included would not fit the stock Revo 1/16 axle through it.   

I emailed the company and received a quick reply.   They offered to take care of the problem.  
During the first couple emails I disclosed that the bearings would not allow my axle to fit.   They asked if it was stock and I sent an a image of my axle not fitting through the bearing along with another image of a factory traxxas bearing and the ones I received.  

He asked me in the email what size I needed and I just replied with the bigger ones as I did not know the size yet.  He went ahead and shipped the bearings.    

The bearings I received again were 8x12 but the inner diameter was the exact same as the ones I had.    I sent him an email regarding the size and he sent back an email saying I shouldn't assume stuff and always measure and I costed him $6 more.  

He must have not looked at the two images I included in the email to see the side by side difference.    I decided just to order another 10 traxxas stock 8x12x3.5 bb since I needed them soon and I replied to his email stating I ordered the correct size.    

I slept on and decided to send another email stating I would send him the 8x12 back if I could get 8x12x3.5 in return.    I included another pic of the correct size and the ones he sent.  Just so he could see the difference.   

He sent another email back telling me to read when I sent.   He said that what I'm asking makes no sense and he has been sending the correct bearing.    So he must have not looked at the image I sent (again).  He told me I need to find someone who knows what I need and can help me out and understand.    

So that's why I'm here.  Please help
Me understand what bearings I need for my knuckles and differential.   
Revo 1/16 brushless traxxas

Edit:  
I figured it out.   The bearings they sent were 6x11x4
When I needed 8x12.   So even after I requested 8x12.  They went ahead and sent another set of 6x11x4. 
I should have just measured right away, I just put to much faith in kit.   

http://imgur.com/EesDan3
http://imgur.com/LyXCQe7 




 How awesome is it on the rocks.   I live in Duluth and it's by Lake Superior and the shore is covered in perfect rock formations ranging from small to big.   Even some of the trails by my house look as if they were set up just for scale rigs and crawlers.   
I should upload pics, but that really what is pushing me to get a rig like this.  The environment is just to perfect.    




 That's close, but they couldn't get them to fit  




 Corn in your shit for eternity   




 Ya you probably would.  No training or experience, you'd def be gone in hours.   




 My first was a HPI Savage Nitro and I picked up a E Revo 1/16 Brushless.   Both were RTR since I was new to the hobby, but I tore both of them down eventually for upgrades and cleaning.   So look into if you want to build or just start driving what's you get the proper gear.   
Brands I think you should check out would be.  

Axial - They have both RTR and KIt and also go for a scale look if you want something to look more realistic.   Something fast and just messing around with you could be looking at the Axial Yeti up to the more scale SCX10.   These guys are more trail riding/rock crawling/ not all out speed(they can be tho with right performance). 

Traxxas/HPI - People bash Traxxas because they are pricey and you don't get what you pay for like other brands, but depending where you love they might be the best brand for upgrade able parts.   Traxxas only has RTR models and they range in price.   They have a variety of vehicles which you should check out.   This might even help you look at other brands and see the same models and compare parts.   Don't feel bad if you go with Traxxas, you will still have a blast. 
Popular models are: Stampede, Slash, Latrax , Summit, Revo, Rustler 

If there is a local hobby store by you check out what they carry.   Also check the internets for forums or community's based on your rc model and brand.  
Watch YouTube vids on ones that interest you.  

Other popular brands that you should definitely check out once you figure out what style rc you want would be:   Team Associated, Losi, OFNA , Tamiya, and there's many more.    
Sites to check out 
www.towerhobbies.com
www.amain.com
www.thetoyz.com


Cheaper brands would be.   Redcat, ECX, Helion, Dromida 

 




 I wanna specifically know what that thing is made of.  When it rolls on the floor it makes the weirdest sound.  I never heard anything like that before.   




 http://imgur.com/qanRb1K

http://imgur.com/2hBOSIA 









 www.spcracing.com 




 Where it sits  at for awhile.   More parts are coming at the end of the week.   I will have to order another HR knuckle along with figuring out the correct bearings from Fasteddys or just ordering a set from somewhere else.  



http://imgur.com/TMIgmcZ

http://imgur.com/Qis2HrD

http://imgur.com/GoLDIiA 




 What 90s commercial is Grandpa from?  




 http://imgur.com/8DyYOVT 

http://imgur.com/SPWRBVj

Other items will be skids and bumpers just haven't decided which direction I wanna go with it.   




 I never really built an rc up with aluminum parts.  So I decided to build a Hot Racing 1/16 brushless Revo. 
Along with the HR Im also using RPM arms and traxxas upgrade links and pushrods.  


Other than that I have 2.2 trenchers, but I'm also picking up some on road.  A bluebird servo and fast eddy bearings.    Though I did not receive knuckle bearings that fit my axles, which I'm pretty bummed about.   Also have a custom fitted Spektrum Rx so it would fit in the water resistant case.   GTR shocks with upgraded springs.  Upgraded center dif.  

Still waiting on the baja bug body and 1/12 OFNA wing along with paint and couple other items.    
I am missing a few things but I plan on uploading more pics.   

I'm having shoulder surgery tomorrow though so it will put a halt on the build.   









 And if that was a shoebox filled with old cum.   




 Alright alright alright.  Makes a left  




 It was me 




 main button  5005  main butyon 




 That's cool.   All I'm saying is electronics fail.   I could buy the same esc and use it for 2 hours before it goes up in smoke.   




 It's an electronic.   Expect any electronic to fail.  




 At least two more  




 WARNING::

Matrix below  




 Yes that's fkn it! Thank you  




 I thought it was from judge dredd or that other Sylvester Stallone movie  




 Book'm 




 Did Valve^^e lay off a bunch of ppl?  No they didn't.   Wanna know why.  Take one guess.   What do you think all these employees are working on?   More awesomeness of course.  




 Grapefruit  




 [My god,  My Uncle was your Grandfathers co-pilot
RIP Uncle Goose](http://imgur.com/H4dTyWh)
 




 He still alive,
Garrett actually moved an hour away and knocked up a chick who he is now living with.    The chick knocking up happened last year I guess.    He still has a ferret too 




 Yes,  The title was,  It's been 3 years since my roommmate left and it reposted the the same title 









 ya he gone 









 no idea 




 Love you  




 No personal friend.    He started the build.   No idea how far he was on it.   Hopefully not far.    




 He was hilarious and has an addictive laugh.   Fucking dude really pulled off Vader also.   Get this guy on the podcast!   




 Reason why?  




 Should I buy it?   He started it but he said it's incomplete and will still need electronics.   This crawler is discontinued along with a lot of its parts.    




 Should I buy it?   Everything is discontinued for it.  Let me know!   




 Haha I swore this is the shop in MN.  Exact floor and walls  




 And proceed to print off a pancake in shape of vegetable  




 No problem Dad  




 Bob Zombie 




 Happy Cake Day! 




 Take a lighter a start the string on fire.   




 26 seconds  




 SON OF A BITCH
 









 That lonely child is actually only child.   I always heard and pronounced it as lonely child.    




 Don't you have to watch a certain percentage to get view?  Shitty videos would get more views because people would watch th 




 Needs more flare 




 Bitch tits donkey farts 




 2001 lumina.  White color, spray painted blue over the rust and original white with a final white spray paint.  Added rust and dents to give it that Minnesota feel.  Had it for almost 3 years now.   Even made it the whole time without window washer sprayers.  It's an eye sore and if you drive 65mph for awhile you get the nice smell of coolant and jerky tranny shifts. Otherwise awesome in town car and never get hung up in winter.  

Anyway to answer the question.  
No.  














 http://i.imgur.com/KYMO9Ud.jpg

We have the same dog 




 Pour the beer on the ice.  




 Whoa 




 ..that damn table is wearing a fedora!    




 Also make everything wireless.  Speakers, amp, and subwoofer.   









 Need to finish reading this shit!!!! 




 He was actually trying to save their lives.  That jeep would have rolled if it hit that corner at a decent speed.   




 and they have bats
 




 Just went last March for the first time!   Felt like a kid
 




 He has cancer.   




 Um dude, it's fake snow.  




 You teller 




 They told the man he was to fat to fly.    I would be an asshole sometimes too  




 Who wouldn't like pig, dear and lion together.  




 Yes!   And a rubbered up Kevin!  




 His daughter is in a new Kevin Smith movie called Yoga Hoser.   




 That dog has seen some shit  




 He looks like a Lego  




 Just a heads up I will be disclosing the ending to the movie "Lucy" in the next sentence.    At the end of the movie "Lucy" Scarlett Johansson ends up becoming one with everything around her and finally dissolving into a cell phone or something and talks a little and the credits roll.   Well in the movie "Her" it's Scarlett Johansson who talks and becomes self aware with the Internet.   


What are your thoughts?   




 Covered in water.  Must be cleaning it to use for the new year.   




 25%? 




 Walking with your feet close together.   Shuffling to make it look like a tire track.   




 but not me 




 Mtv had the best Maxx show 




 Minnesota!   Hibbing!  Weird gum chewing! 




 When someone doesn't touch the dishes.   




 Oh you mean bags.  I love bags.    




 I love the movie Oblivion.   




 My nigga  




