 No.  There isn't. It is not ionizing radiation.  It has no more chance of giving you cancer than the heat from a stove will give you cancer.

But with RF radiation, theres already evidence that its an extremely unlikely carcinogen. For one thing, theres no plausible mechanism by which cell phones or Wi-Fi devices could cause cancer, said Leonard Finegold, a physics professor at Drexel University.

Its not just that we dont know exactly how RF waves would cause cancer. Its that theres no plausible way for it to happen without rewriting the laws of physics and biology. Its by the same reasoning that most scientists dismiss homeopathic medicine  at least the genuine kind thats so dilute theres nothing in it. [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/fayeflam/2015/01/19/the-science-of-wi-fi-and-cancer-dont-fear-the-router/)
 




 Not much really.

The WiFi unit in your room is heating you up.  Just happens that the power is so low the effect is negligible and unnoticeable.

FCC regulations limit the maximum output of a consumer WiFi router to 1 watt (1000 mw).  That is not a lot of power.  Even small microwave ovens will be 700 watts so 700 times more powerful when it comes to heating things up versus your WiFi (and many microwave ovens go well over 1000 watts).  
 




 Years ago my company was laying off my department and my boss was complicit in it.  He happily kept shrinking our department out of existence so he could make numbers show he was increasing profit.

It worked for two years.  Then when all but a couple (literally two) people were left his boss fired him for largely the same reason. Who needs a middle manager when there is no one to manage?
I had a moment of schadenfreude over that one but it was bittersweet.

 




 Yup.

Why? Because fuck you, that's why.  









 Led Zeppelin. Bonzo. The greatest rock n' roll band of all time. Yeah. That's right. Better than the Beatles. Better than the Stones. Even better than Tenacious D. Yeah. And if you don't agree with me, that's because you never did the Zeppelin marathon. The Zepp-a-thon is when you sit you're ass down and listen to all nine Zep albums in a row."

Yeah. It's rock n' roll Hajj. The thing that every true fan must do at least once in their lifetime. The pilgrimage to heavy metal Mecca. The jams of Led Zeppelin are second to none. Just ask anyone from Oliver Stone to Paul Ryan and everyone in between. They sang songs about love, about Vikings. About Vikings making love. 

You know, they say that Led Zeppelin sold their souls to Satan. Come on guys, you know you did! There's no other way to explain your ungodly talent. I just want to say thank you because while you're in Hell, the human race will cherish your Heavenly jams until the end of time. It's a small price to pay. We love you. The best band ever. SOURCE: [Jack Black honoring Led Zeppelin in 2012 at the Kennedy Center to award them lifetime achievement awards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta0gDfGb9u0)

So yeah, everyone has to do a Zepp-a-thon at least once in their life.
 




 Dumbest thing I have heard in awhile and that's saying something these days. 









 Is there going to be more to it? 




 $95 million?  For that?  Really? 









 Classic [Reddit Hug of Death](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/34538143.jpg)
 









 Believe it or not there is plenty of market research to support selling things for $0.01 below a big, round number works.

Psychological pricing (also price ending, charm pricing) is a pricing/marketing strategy based on the theory that certain prices have a psychological impact. Retail prices are often expressed as "odd prices": a little less than a round number, e.g. $19.99 or 2.98. Consumers tend to perceive odd prices as being significantly lower than they actually are, tending to round to the next lowest monetary unit. Thus, prices such as $1.99 are associated with spending $1 rather than $2. The theory that drives this is that lower pricing such as this institutes greater demand than if consumers were perfectly rational. Psychological pricing is one cause of price points. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_pricing)
 




 What circlejerk?

You see no difference between a life sentence and zero jail time here? 




 That steak is woefully undercooked.  It is completely raw in the center.  I'd be surprised if the center of that was even warm.

A good medium rare looks [like this.](http://www.burgermary.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/reverse-sear-result-steak.png)

 




 None probably.  They just abetted groups that had hundreds or thousands killed but hey...they didn't pull the trigger right?
 




 [Honest Question]

Are other players allowed to fiddle and futz at will and everyone else has to deal with it?

I mean, the one guy is endlessly farting around with his chips. Ziiirp, ziiirp,  ziirp, ziirp...

After that video another loaded and the same thing...some guy endlessly farting around with his chips.

That is cool?  Everyone else has to just deal with the distraction?  Would drive me batty (maybe that is the point and why I should never sit at those tables).
 




 It's the Wall Street Journal and getting around their paywall is [trivially easy](http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=4 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CCcQFjAD url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fsilk-road-founder-ross-ulbricht-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-1432929957 ei=b9RoVbe4CIaGsAW8-IPIBw usg=AFQjCNEnnTkHY_FOl5-ght53bmQU5NHBWA sig2=MaoBJ5dGE92HKVHPM9cvEA bvm=bv.94455598,d.b2w).

Unfortunately I cannot do that when posting the story.
 




 I agree Ulbricht deserved jail time but life in prison?  Seems excessive.

Particularly when considering how others like HSBC get off with zero jail time for more egregious actions.  Add to that this is yet another example of the government lashing out in a failed drug war. 




 Yeah.

Remember though that HSBC laundered at least $881 million in Mexican drug cartel money and $660 million in prohibited transactions from Iran, Cuba, Sudan, Libya and Burma.  No one is guessing at this.  They admitted it.

The banks' laundering transactions were so brazen that the NSA probably could have spotted them from space. Breuer admitted that drug dealers would sometimes come to HSBC's Mexican branches and "deposit hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash, in a single day, into a single account, using boxes designed to fit the precise dimensions of the teller windows."  [SOURCE](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/outrageous-hsbc-settlement-proves-the-drug-war-is-a-joke-20121213#ixzz3bYuRnb5c)

They paid a $1.9 billion fine which sounds like a lot but is about five weeks of income for them.

Number of people in jail for this -- 0


 









 I doubt they sell drugs there because it would be too easy to get caught.

More likely it is a money laundering operation.  Think Walter White buying the car wash in Breaking Bad (or their attorney telling them to buy a nail salon).

I have a shitty (really shitty) convenience store in my neighborhood with a meager and awful selection of the cheapest crap you can think of with terrible hours (like 8a to 6p).  Apart from buying cigarettes I am not sure there is anything worth buying.  I would be surprised if they have more than $100 in sales each day.

Yet they remain there.  My only guess is it is for laundering money.
 




 How in the world does something like this cost $60 million?  Seriously.  If 100 people worked on it that'd be $600,000/person.

I get there is equipment and materials and so on but then there won't be anywhere near 100 people working on it either.  

I'd love to see an itemization of this.
 




 [Harold   Maude](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harold_and_Maude#Awards)

An oldie but a classic.
 




  That's why the A-10 can carry a million other munitions on it's 10,000 other stations.

This.

Plus the A-10 can get mission kills on main battle tanks with its cannon (e.g. the tank is not necessarily destroyed but rendered useless for the duration of a given battle via taking out its engine or chewing up its tracks and suspension and so on).
 




 ...that if 5% (arbitrary number) of the population is homosexual, and this is for no obvious valuable reason...

Others have already noted it is not a disorder because it does not harm the person or other people.  

As far as having no "obviously valuable reason" there is some evidence to suggest (and note we are talking from an evolutionary standpoint and why being homosexual was not selected against) a gay person in the family increased the survival likelihood of the family.  This is often referred to as the [Gay Uncle theory.](http://www.livescience.com/6106-gay-uncles-pass-genes.html)

Also, there is some evidence that [the gene that makes men gay makes women in their family more fecund](http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2004/oct/13/highereducation.research) (fertile...they have more kids).  That dovetails nicely with the Gay Uncle theory (now there is a male who can help support the larger family rather than be off worrying about his own).

In short, from an evolutionary point of view, there is a valuable reason to have gay people in your society.
 




 I often have a "throw the bums out, all of 'em" attitude but Schakowsky is my Rep and for the most part I like her.  I wish she was higher profile.
 




 I wouldn't be surprised if that was a [honeypot.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/o2mgI4Nep-8/maxresdefault.jpg) (Basically a computer dedicated to enticing malware and viruses to get on it...antivirus companies use them to detect Day One viruses ASAP.)

If that is a real person's PC well...surprised it worked enough to take a screenshot.
 




 I have been on Steam for near ten years.  Think I have contacted customer support 4-5 times in all that time (maybe less, I can only remember two but figure there are probably a couple I forgot).  EVERY time I got no satisfaction and was told (essentially) tough luck, sucks to be you.
 




 For those who have played Witcher 3 I wonder if her work inspired their [Botchling monster.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/o2mgI4Nep-8/maxresdefault.jpg)

As an aside that whole sequence was some of the weirdest gameplay I've seen in a game in ages.
 




 I am circumcised and have enjoyed sex quite a lot my whole life with no trouble and my partners (for the most part) have been pleased too.

Much ado about nothing.  Hundreds of millions of men are circumcised and until relatively recently it was never an issue at all.

I am 48 years old and I can say I have never, ever in my whole life had a conversation with another dude about how much it sucked to be circumcised until the last decade or so.  Growing up all the boys were fine and chasing girls like normal and having sex when and where they could like normal and enjoying it like normal.

It's like guys are feeling left out because every other group has something to bitch about so they need something too.

I am pretty sure me and a couple hundred million other guys do NOT feel mutilated or handicapped in any way and have enjoyed our sex lives quite a lot. 




 Money.

The members of FIFA are getting quite wealthy off it. 




 In the United States, the term "treaty" has a different, more restricted legal sense than exists in international law. United States law distinguishes what it calls treaties from executive agreement, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements. All four classes are equally treaties under international law; they are distinct only from the perspective of internal American law. The distinctions are primarily concerning their method of approval. Whereas treaties require advice and consent by two-thirds of the Senators present, sole executive agreements may be executed by the President acting alone. Some treaties grant the President the authority to fill in the gaps with executive agreements, rather than additional treaties or protocols. And finally, congressional-executive agreements require majority approval by both the House and the Senate, either before or after the treaty is signed by the President.  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty#United_States_law)

So, basically, a treaty is whatever the president wants to call it.  If it is inconvenient to get it passed as a treaty then no problem...call it something else and *poof*...problem solved. 




 Just playing Devil's Advocate here.  I am not a fan of AT T.

The First Amendment only protects you from the *government* restricting your right to free speech.  AT T is under no obligation from the First Amendment to let you use their service to say whatever you want.

Kinda like I have free speech but not in your front yard.  In your front yard you are free to tell me to shut-up and leave and no amount of my claiming you are restricting my right to free speech will help me.  So too with AT T.  It is their property so it is their terms that prevail.
 




 Grey Stallion

Not great but I can live with it.

FTR I do not have an XBox...just used my GOG account for it.
 




 [P47 is best as a hit-and-run "energy fighter".](https://youtu.be/Lu5vX86TdIU?t=629) Which is to say get altitude on your enemy, dive on them then use the energy from the dive to escape and climb back to altitude.  Rinse and repeat.

It actually wasn't a bad all around plane at all and could out-turn a BF-109 or FW-190 even at low altitude (BF-109 was definitely an energy fighter and getting into a turn match with other planes was usually death for it but they were lethal in hit-and-run fights).
 




 You can if you do it the old fashioned way of holding the floor and talking forever.  60+ votes stops the procedural filibuster.

Also realize that fast track authority makes it against the rules to filibuster once the treaty comes up for a vote so it was now or never for them to filibuster.
 




 [Angry Joe got one of those for his new battlestation.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNN9RTChRiw)

His has GTX980's in SLI.

He says he got a deal on it for some promotional consideration but I have no idea how much. 




 How is it that for six years the republicans could filibuster with no more effort than raising an eyebrow?

And assuming there was some legislative routine that stopped the silent filibuster where were Warren and Sanders (and I assume they could find a few others) in this?  They should have done it the old fashioned way.  Surely they could get a few others on their side and done tag-team, stand on the floor and read the D.C. phonebook till they killed this.

I keep seeing Sanders offering up populist proposals but I have yet to see him throw down when it counts.  Going to fundraisers is a lot more fun than standing on the senate floor pulling a days long filibuster.
 




 They find somewhere to perch and ride it out.  If the rain persists long enough (e.g. days) they can run a risk of starvation.

And it is not like one drip grounds them.  They can fly a bit in the rain but once they get soaked they are grounded.
 




 Same here (except it's a 5930k).

Get a stable OC of 4.5Ghz and max temps of around 55^o C while doing a stress test (I have seen a given core spike to just above 60^o C but only for a moment and it is back to about 55).

 




  (water is densest right before it freezes)

4^o C to be specific. 




  Simply traveling at light speed does not require acceleration. Nothing in the question, or in your answers, supposes acceleration at all.

The OP wrote:

will humans ever be able to reach them?

All answers were considering that question.

How do you propose humans move at light speed without acceleration?

Now consider the Twin Paradox and acceleration breaking symmetry and you see why things with mass cannot go the speed of light.


Further, the ONLY things that need no acceleration are massless particles.  Anything with mass *must* be accelerated to light speed (or arbitrarily close) because, in fact, things with mass can't go light speed (which is to say they come into existence slower and can only be accelerated around).
 




 No.

Acceleration breaks the symmetry.

[See the "Twin Paradox".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox) 




 You are wrong.

You are right that you can get arbitrarily close to the speed of light which means your clock will run ever slower.

However, it is absolutely true that if you ACHIEVE light speed (impossible) and do not merely get ever closer your clock stops.

It is definitional in relativity.
 




 I understand it just fine.

If we assume a magic rocket that can push you to the speed of light (impossible) time will stop for the people on the ship.  

That said it is impossible for something with mass to got the speed of light so you can get arbitrarily close to it but never reach it.  

To those looking at you they will see your clocks moving slower.  To you your clocks will be running at a normal speed.

If you actually achieved light speed your clock stops.

Indeed physics call allow for things that go faster than light speed (e.g. tachyons) or slower (NOTE: we have never observed things that go faster than "c" but they can fit within current physical models).  But light speed itself is a barrier.  Things that go faster can never go slower and vice versa.

 




 "c" is the speed of light in a vacuum.

It is measured as 299,792,458 m/s in *all* reference frames (meaning no matter where you are or what you are doing you will measure the speed of light in a vacuum as that speed).

It is a universal speed limit so no...no human can ever reach it.  

Nothing with mass can reach that speed.  

There are a variety of reasons such as time slowing down the closer you get to "c".  When you hit "c" time would stop for you (e.g. if you pushed the button on your magic space ship drive that moved you at "c" you could never, ever, in the history of the whole universe, push the button again to turn it off because time will have stopped for you...the universe will literally cease to exist before you can push the button again to stop your ship).

There are other issues too but that is a show stopper all by itself.
 




 ["Naked short selling"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naked_short_selling) is selling shares you do not own.  It has a dubious legal status.  It can be done but is dodgy.

Most times short selling is done by borrowing from someone who owns the security.

For example, let's say you own 100 pebbles.  I think pebbles will go down in value.  So I borrow some pebbles from you with a promise to give them back to you a week later.

You agree and charge me some fee for the trouble.

I borrow 10 of your 100 pebbles and immediately sell them on the market.  Let's say for $10 each ($100 total).  I HAVE to give you 10 pebbles back at the end of the week...no matter what!

So, if the pebble lose value I can re-buy the pebbles on the open market for less than I sold them.  Pretend at the end of the week I can buy those pebbles back for $9.00/each.  I can re-buy the 10 pebbles $90. 

I now give you your 10 pebbles back.  They cost me $90 but when I borrowed from you a week earlier I sold them for $100 so I pocket $10 (actually a bit less due to fees and a charge to "borrow" the security).

If the pebbles rise in value I'm screwed.  I still have to buy back 10 shares to return to you but now I buy them at a loss.
 




 Let's say you think Widget Corp. stock will go down in price.

1)  Borrow the stock from someone who owns stock in "Widget Corp." (naked short selling is selling the stock without owning it which is usually a crime).

2) When you borrow the stock you promise to repay the person the stock you borrowed (not in cash as if you bought it but return the stock) and often some cash for the service.  

3)  When the stock goes down you sell it.  Say you borrowed it when it was $100.  You then sell it at $100.  A short time later, if you guessed right, the stock is worth, say, $90.  You re-buy the shares you borrowed for $90/share and return them to the person you borrowed from.

4)  You pocket the difference between the borrowed price and the re-purchase price minus some fees.

If the price goes up you *still* have to give the stock back which means you buy at a loss and lose money on the transaction.

You can also use Options to give you an "option" to buy or sell stock at a set price.  This can be used to bet either way on a stock market move.  However, it is safer because you have the "option" and not an obligation to sell the stock.  You pay a premium very much akin to an insurance premium for this right.  In this way you can spend a little to cover you from a big move. 




 LSD and marijuana are not physically addictive.

I doubt he smoked enough hashish to be an issue.
 




  Hot dogs don't need to have 10lbs of condiments to be delicious. 

Just do not ask for ketchup there.

I know a lot of people get bent out of shape because they want their food their way but a few Chicago hot dog joints are unrepentant about refusing to put ketchup on hot dogs.

Personally I support them in refusing to put ketchup on hot dogs.  If you like your hot dogs that way vote with your feet and go elsewhere.
 




 That *looks* kinda gross.
 




  Alien: Isolation was recently revealed to have sold 2 million copies, which has to be disappointing for a big name franchise like that launching on 5 platforms.

Yup although really 2+ million sold is not bad at all by most measures.

Sega has revealed its full-year software units sales, and some of its releases have fallen short of sales expectations. Most noticeably is the critical hit Alien: Isolation, which has solid 2.1 million copies to date, but failed to meet Sega expectations.  [SOURCE](http://www.gamereactor.eu/news/309474/Sega+disappointed+in+Alien%3A+Isolation+sales/)
 




 Puppies.
 




  Steel becomes molten at about 1500c but becomes fairly malleable at about 500c

As can be seen at any blacksmith's forge as they hammer out hot steel into whatever it is they are making.  Clearly the steel is not molten but it is malleable and not strong. 




 Same here (hell, I can see my building in that photo).

To be fair I rarely have cause to be walking just west of the river. 




 15.5 years old?

No time is a good time to take your own life but 15.5 is FAR too young!

It gets better...I wish I could tell that to every young person.  I know sometimes things seem bleak but hang in there.

It gets better.  Don't do something irrevocable.


 




 AMD has been AWOL with competitive video card releases for awhile now.  [Nvidia has had four releases with no answer from AMD](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/03/17/with-titan-x-nvidia-has-introduced-4-unanswered-gpus/) and the [r9 280x was pretty much a re-branded 7970.](https://youtu.be/xoH3ly5gkoI?t=507)

People can fanboy all they want about which cards are better but at the end of the day we are all served well when there is real competition between them.  Without it we get crap like this from Nvidia.

Let's hope the upcoming card from AMD is a performance winner and a good value.  As consumers we will all win if it is.
 




 They just never made a constitutional framework that could eliminate them.

They practically guaranteed it.  Perhaps they did not realize it but a First Past the Post voting system such as we have in the US basically guarantees a two-party system. 




 There are other reasons for the Electoral College.

If the president is elected by direct vote (e.g. just a straight-up 50%+1 vote of the whole voting populace) then the president can ignore wide swaths of the country.  The population is centered in cities so the "fly over" states can largely be ignored.

Or...pander to an ethnic majority or religious majority.

With the electoral college the candidates need to win a lot of smaller races to win.  They cannot ignore minority interests as easily.

We are used to such contests and have no problem with them as a way to do things:

The same logic that governs our electoral system, he saw, also applies to many sports--which Americans do, intuitively, understand. In baseballs World Series, for example, the team that scores the most runs overall is like a candidate who gets the most votes. But to become champion, that team must win the most games. In 1960, during a World Series as nail-bitingly close as that years presidential battle between Kennedy and Nixon, the New York Yankees, with the awesome slugging combination of Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, and Bill "Moose" Skowron, scored more than twice as many total runs as the Pittsburgh Pirates, 55 to 27. Yet the Yankees lost the series, four games to three. Even Natapoff, who grew up in the shadow of Yankee Stadium, conceded that Pittsburgh deserved to win. "Nobody walked away saying it was unfair," he says. [SOURCE](http://discovermagazine.com/2004/sep/math-against-tyranny)
 




 Should be titled:

"I can startle people by making loud noises when they are not expecting it/mostly naked and then post it to YouTube about how my friend startles like anyone else on the whole fucking planet would."

Guess that is not as snappy though.

 




 You can [buy a stick blender for less than $15 these days and good ones for about $35.](https://www.google.com/search?q=stick+blender ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8#tbs=vw:l,price:1,ppr_max:50 tbm=shop q=stick+blender)  They are very useful for lots of things. 

It is worth getting one. 




 Why does CDPR not seem to get the FOV issue?

Once again their game has a far too narrow a FOV for comfort.  I cannot believe they are unaware of it and only do it to hit some FPS mark.
 




 Yes, that is why it is so yummy! 

No one has ever claimed it was healthy. ;)
 




 Foolproof, 1 minute hollandaise sauce: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOWzVV_XrcM hd=1

Best cooking "trick" I've come across.

EDIT:  Changed link to original poster and not someone stealing their video.  Same video though. 




 How many people were protesting?  The article does not say.  A handful of cranks can be expected for any topic.  If there were several hundred then that is something else.
 




 FWIW driving killed it for me and I own barley any driving games (i.e. I am not a snobbish about perfection in driving).

There was just something wonky about the controls in Watch Dogs that always made itself felt.  Like something soft and spongy...I dunno how to describe it.  It just SUCKED is all (sorry caps but yeah...it sucked).

Also...mouse movement in menus was just...bizarre and annoying (and I have mouse acceleration disabled on my PC).

tl;dr  Controls are seriously wonky. 




 Imagine we use pebbles as currency.

I want to buy a widget from you and it costs me ten pebbles.  I dig into my pocket and hand you ten pebbles and you give me the widget.

Electronic transfers are doing basically the same thing.  Taking stuff out of your pocket and giving it to someone else.

Obviously if we used pebbles for money transacting things like buying a house would be difficult.  We'd need trucks to carry the money around.  What is much more efficient is to just move the money around on a ledger.

So, you have all your pebbles at a bank.  So do a lot of other people.  You do not have a private vault with only your pebbles in it.  The bank keeps them all in a big pile and keeps a ledger that records who has what.

When an electronic transfer order comes in the bank records the transaction on their ledger which says you now have less money and the merchant has more money.  Yet not one pebble in the bank vault was moved.  It was all done on paper.  Even if it is different banks they have some money moving one way and some moving the other way.  At the end of the day they settle up and find most of it cancels out (e.g. my bank has to give your bank $5 but then someone else did business the other way and your bank owes my bank $5...at the end of the day they square their ledgers and no money physically moves).

You still need the pebbles in the vault though.  If you just think you can magic up some money without the assets to back it up (i.e. pebbles in this case) then bad things happen.  Ask Zimbabwe who tried it and ended up printing $100 trillion bills (yes, trillion with a "t").  [You can buy them for about US$40](http://banknoteworld.com/shop/Zimbabwe-100-Trillion-Dollars-2008-P-91-Uncirculated-1-Piece.html) but they are worthless as a currency.  Just a novelty item now.

 




 The issue is that consoles are harming the PC gaming market.

Developers, very reasonably and understandably, develop to the lowest common denominator.  It is very expensive to make different versions for different systems.  

I am on the fence with this one.

On the one hand CDPR seemed to go above and beyond to make what looks to be a high water mark in open world CRPG.  Doing that took a lot of time, people and money to produce.  To make a profit and stay in business they need to widen the audience and pull in consoles too.  Unfortunately this means graphics get left behind.

On the flip side it fucking sucks that the graphics on this highly anticipated game has been kneecapped.  We all know it could have been fucking awesome.  Stellar even.  Truly a triumph and an unparalleled high water mark.  Instead we get insipid graphics (honestly I am wondering if Witcher 2 actually has better graphics...I intend to check).

Personally I think if they had delivered a PC-only tour de force they'd have had people ditching their consoles and upgrading their PCs.  They should have had Intel and Nvidia subsidize them to give people a reason to buy new hardware.

tl;dr Consoles are killing PC gaming because they make the whole industry cater to the lowest performing setup.

 




 You cannot send money you do not have because an electronic transfer is a deduction from one account and a deposit at another account.

So, you swipe your credit card at a store and the store's computer contacts your credit card provider and asks it if there is enough money in the account to cover the purchase.  If yes the sale continues and the amount is deducted from your account and added to the merchant's account.

If there is no money to be had the transaction is canceled.

So too with countries.  If Greece says, "Here is 500 billion," the bank receiving the money needs to find the account where that money is stored and deduct it.  If it is not there then it does not happen.

 




 I like mine too.

My girlfriend likes it as well.
 




 She has a great series of videos.  Anyone interested in this cuisine (which is very tasty) should watch her videos.
 




  It may help a tiny bit when it comes to stuff like showers. But to a toilet, or if you're filling a pot with water to cook, it'll just take longer to fill. And in a shower situation, it may take you a little longer to rinse your hair, for example.

It helps more than that because people often let their taps run while doing things like brushing their teeth or washing dishes.  As a result there is a lot of water wasted.  Flow restrictors will minimize that waste. 




 There is not enough information in the OP to really tell why they might be getting headaches.

One possibility is you get [motion sickness playing video games](http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2011/dec/19/video-games-makes-me-sick).  It is fairly common and can present itself as a headache and/or nausea.  

To combat this many PC games have a field of view (FOV) setting that you can adjust which may alleviate the problem.  For console players they are (generally) further from the TV while playing so do not suffer from this as much.  If it is happening while playing a console game try sitting further away from the TV.

Unfortunately some developers do not put a FOV control in their game for various reasons.  For me, if there is no FOV control I will not buy the game because playing makes me physically ill. 




 It's more than just cost.  AMD cards are competitive but Nvidia is winning the marketing war.  You can see many in this thread who just *know* that Nvidia = faster (even though it is not really true or only just barely true and hardly worth nothing the difference).

While that is in error some things push that perception.  One of which is what I posted above.  Eight months with no answer to your competitor makes it seem you are a has-been in the tech industry. 

Further, AMD's substantially higher power requirements (and attendant higher heat generation) is a drawback and again makes them seem less efficient and thus old tech.

As I said I have used AMD cards for the last 7 or so years.  I am not an Nvidia fanboy.  But I was in the zone for a new card and AMD had nothing I wanted anymore.  That's just me though.

To be clear I really, really hope AMD succeeds with this new card.  Strong competition is good for us.  Unfortunately, and I have no idea why, AMD has lost a few steps on their competitors (Intel and Nvidia).  There was once a day when they had those guys running scared.  Now AMD is perceived as the bargain bin level of computing.

They really need to up their game.  Not easy, their competition is doing their level best to bury them and are close to succeeding.  They'll be willing to lose money in the short term if it means they can end the competition.

EDIT:  As an aside their "points program" where you earn points to get discounts on AMD stuff is pathetic.  It actually helped drive me away from AMD because it was so much bullshit.  You had to play a gazillion hours of different games to earn enough points to do much and the discounts were unbelievably pathetic for all that.
 




  Why did AMD think they could get away with a single fan on the reference design? 

[Nvidia's reference design is a single fan.](http://www.overclockers.co.uk/pimg/GX-255-EA_97524_350.jpg)

I have two 980s with the single fan reference design and while the card gets a bit toasty it is well within operating parameters and very quiet.

The advantage to these reference designs is they exhaust the hot air outside the case.  Most other cooling designs blow the hot air all around the inside of the case.  This diminishes cooling effectiveness since the fans are warming the air they use to cool the card.

If you have good case fans pushing all that out fine but more fans also equals more noise.
 




  I just don't understand why people are talking about AMD's GPUs like they need some miracle to be competitive again.

It is linked in the article:

With todays more official reveal of the Titan X and its massive 12GB framebuffer, Nvidia has now introduced four unanswered graphics cards into the market since AMDs Radeon 285 in August 2014, and these GPUs have targeted a broad consumer demographic, ranging from the $200 GTX 960 all the way up to the $999 Titan X.

Thats 8 months without a new desktop GPU product from AMD, nearly an eternity in the tech world. Thats 8 months Nvidia has had to continue eroding AMDs market share. 8 months to steal away new fans, from the mainstream PC gamer all the way up to the ultra-enthusiast.  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/03/17/with-titan-x-nvidia-has-introduced-4-unanswered-gpus/)

FWIW I was using AMD cards the last several years (at least three card buying cycles for me) and I recently bought an Nvidia card in part because of the above.  AMD had me.  AMD lost me and won't get me back for at least three years when I next consider an upgrade.
 




 Outstanding.

I am about to do a new build and seriously drooled over Case Labs cases (I really wish their shipping times were less than 5-6 weeks...and a wee bit less expensive while I'm wishing).
 




 You are all wrong. Take into account usages and photoshoot costs and its not even comparable.

Wouldn't that apply to whoever's hands you are using to Photoshop?  Don't they get usages?
 




 TIM: There he is!

ARTHUR: Where?

TIM: There!

ARTHUR: What, behind the rabbit?

TIM: It is the rabbit.

ARTHUR: You silly sod!

TIM: What?

ARTHUR: You got us all worked up!

TIM: Well, that's no ordinary rabbit!

ARTHUR: Ohh.

TIM: That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!

ROBIN: You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!

TIM: Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!

GALAHAD: Get stuffed!

TIM: He'll do you up a treat, mate.

GALAHAD: Oh, yeah?

ROBIN: You mangy Scots git!

TIM: I'm warning you!

ROBIN: What's he do, nibble your bum?

TIM: He's got huge, sharp-- eh-- he can leap about-- look at the bones!

ARTHUR: Go on, Bors. Chop his head off!

BORS: Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew comin' right up!

TIM: Look!

[squeak]
BORS: Aaaugh!

[dramatic chord]
[clunk]

ARTHUR: Jesus Christ!

TIM: I warned you!

ROBIN: I done it again!

TIM: I warned you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you knew it all, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little bunny, isn't it? Well, it's always the same. I always tell them-- 

EDIT:  Video link of the above - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcxKIJTb3Hg hd=1
 




 I guess the question becomes whether it is cheaper to pay someone to Photoshop someone's hands or hire a hand model. 




 Her original owners urinated on her.

Do you know anyone who treats their tools like that?

Or leaves their tools in the dirt?  Outside?

 




 The idea is great and exciting.

History tells us though that most such things end up horrible.  Still, every once in awhile one works out so fingers crossed hoping this is one of the rare good ones.

But Hulu kinda ruins it all.  I cannot think of another online video content provider I hate using more than Hulu.  

We'll have to wait and see I guess.
 




 I've been using Steam for eight years or so and I have only contacted support a few times (maybe three times).

EVERY time they were of no help whatsoever and left me out in the cold.  It did not matter that I am a very good and long time customer.  It did not matter that I rarely contact them (so not bugging them for every little thing).

EVERY TIME they were slow to respond and utterly unsympathetic.  They had my money, I could go fuck myself.  Why?  Because fuck you, that's why.  They know there was nothing I could do about it.  They had me over a barrel and were more than content to leave me there.

GOG will not out compete Steam today or tomorrow but in a few years who knows?  Steam when it started kinda sucked and look where it is today.

I sincerely hope GOG makes a good go of this and Steam finds its lack of consumer support is its Achilles' Heel.

 




 You can try to contact the store you bought it from about it.

I got my new 980 from Newegg just before the new promotion started and they were super cool about it.  Sent me the code.

Note there is no guarantee they will give you the code.  They may tell you to go pound sand but it is always worth a try.

(As it happens I am about to upgrade my whole PC anyway and they just guaranteed themselves all my purchases...awesome customer service is all too rare these days.)

 




 If they have even the merest hint of actual, responsive customer service they will win over Steam. 




 This.

Make it so whoever it is you want to get revenge on is massively jealous of your success and awesomeness.

Bonus:  Totally legal and your life is rocking! 




 George Lazenby.

Probably the worst Bond and in only one film ([On Her Majesty's Secret Service](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_Her_Majesty%27s_Secret_Service_%28film%29)).

In the film something bad happens to him (avoiding spoilers).  This could easily be used as a reason for him breaking bad.

I think he'd actually have been an ok bad guy.


 




 There are a number of theories but perhaps the most prevalent one is the ["gay uncle" theory](http://www.livescience.com/6106-gay-uncles-pass-genes.html).

In short, gay uncles provide a net benefit to the survival of the extended family (since they do not have kids of their own they expend energy and aid in the survival of the extended family). 

There is also a [theory that female relatives of gay men are more fecund](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2158795/Gay-gene-survives-generations-female-relatives-homosexual-men-babies.html) (have more babies).  

As it happens the population does not need many males.  It needs females so some men "dropping out" of the gene pool is not a bad natural selection thing if his sisters are better able to make babies.
 




 FYI:  There is a better, faster, simpler, foolproof way to make the Hollandaise Sauce she uses in this recipe:

http://www.reddit.com/r/cookingvideos/comments/2zsovu/foolproof_1minute_hollandaise_sauce_technique/
 




 I live on the 4th floor of a walkup.  Every day it sucks climbing the stairs but then I see pics like this and I know I will never have to deal with that and I feel better.

(Well...if I do have that happen then Chicago (where I live) is under 50 feet of water so that would be some apocalypse level shit to deal with.)
 




 Amazing...not a cell phone/iPad in sight (and I get the phone won't work when flying wherever they were but the phone has music and games and books and whatnot).

 




 In general self-policing organizations such as the Bar Association or American Medical Association are not eager to punish their own members.  They certainly do but it is an uphill battle all the way and there are numerous examples of members avoiding punishment or only getting slaps on the wrist.  Akin to the police not really policing their own members (e.g. a cop generally will not ticket another cop).
 




 You are pretty much correct.

The salt left behind needs to be disposed of.

If you boil it or use electrolysis the salt is left behind and dumped and replaced with new sea water.

Filters need to be replaced (it is cheaper to replace them than to attempt to clean them).
 




  Physics teaches us that gravitation and acceleration are indistinguishable from each other without an external frame of reference.

Yup.

For the record it is called [The Equivalence Principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivalence_principle) and was put forward by Einstein in the Theory of General Relativity. 




  From my point of view, it largely seems to stem from the fact he is hiding behind the first amendment to promote fringe or even quack medical and health products.

Well, while it is true he invoked his free speech rights under the First Amendment as his excuse to continue saying what he is saying it should be noted that his rights under the First Amendment were never in peril.

The First Amendment only protects you from the government silencing you.  It is entirely within the rights of Columbia University to revoke his status there and for other people to point out he is a snake oil salesman.  Dr. Oz can continue to stand in his front yard saying anything he likes but the University he works for is not required to grant him a stage or their imprimatur.

More broadly speaking to the OP the outrage towards Dr. Oz is not new at all.  There has long been anger and outrage at his peddling "magic pills".  It is only lately that the community of doctors is turning against him.  Generally they are loathe to go after one of their own (because someday they may be the one people go after and they do not want that).  But Dr. Oz has been so consistently bad for so long they could no longer remain silent and have called for his ouster from Columbia.

In some ways it is too bad this is happening.  By all accounts he is a personable guy and an exceptional heart surgeon.  It is his peddling snake oil cures that has people angry *particularly* because he is a doctor and definitely knows better.

*Primum non nocere* is a Latin phrase that means "first, do no harm" and is is one of the principal precepts of bioethics.  He is violating that.


 




 We've been shipping many features over the years aimed at allowing community creators to receive a share of the rewards...

Taking 75% of the money off the back of the mod maker's work is not sharing in the profits.  It is bilking them.  If your and Bethesda's real concern was for the mod maker you'd find a way to allow people to donate money to them legally and above board then take maybe 10-15% for your processing fees.
 




 I have issue with it.  Not because I do not think mod makers should necessarily work for free but considering the number of mods I like to use and try and change over time the mods can very, very quickly outstrip the cost of the game itself.  I had 30 mods on Skyrim and tried many more over the years.

Smacks of microtransaction hell.

Frankly there did not seem to be a problem with mods as they were.  There was no hue and cry for mod makers to get paid.  Why this should change except to line the pockets of devs and Valve even more is beyond me.

If they REALLY wanted mods makers to be able to make money they could setup a donation system and clear and legal roadblocks for the mod makers to collect. 




 All I can do is vote with my wallet.

I just bought Witcher 3 elsewhere because of this.  I will continue to find alternate venues to buy my games.

I may not always be able to and then I will buy from Steam but I can guarantee Steam will lose more from the games I won't buy from them than the mods I will buy from them.

FWIW I have been a customer of Steam for a long time and barring one or two cases (unless it was an exclusive tied to something like Origin) bought all my games through them.  I am not their #1 customer or probably even their #10,000 customer but I have spent a considerable sum with them over the years.

I will make it a point to try and spend my money elsewhere.  Amazon, GOG, Green Man Gaming are vendors that leap to mind and, much as I hate to say it, I might have to look to Origin.

If Origin/EA has a clue they'd do well to take advantage of it.  Origin already has a better return policy.  Combine that with Steam's utter lack of customer support and its new mod policy and competitors might have an opening.  

One can only hope.
 




 While I think the whole idea of paid mods is in error clearly the 75% take is obnoxious.

45% *might* be ok and Valve takes its 30% cut out of that 45%.

Just an idea, I have no idea of the *right* numbers since I think mods should not be paid for (people should be allowed to donate).  But if they MUST be paid for the 75% take from Valve/Bethesda is truly obscene. 




 In many cases you can buy the game elsewhere and still use it with Steam.

I'd suggest exploring every other possible avenue to buy a game before buying it off Steam.  GOG, Green Man Gaming and Amazon leap to mind.

If it is something you want and just have to buy through Steam for some reason then fine.  But even so if you buy most games elsewhere they'll feel the pinch and lose more than they make on Mod sales.
 




 "If you're going through hell, keep going." ~Winston Churchill  




 There are many reasons why a mod maker may not return to fix a mod (some good and some not so good).  One thing is certain though...they already have your money. 




 The problem is not buying mods does not hurt Valve in any way whatsoever.

Prior to this they made no money on mods.

They then added a bit of code to their billing system and now they can.

If you do not buy any mods they are no worse off than they were before.  It does not hurt them in the slightest.

I completely get your anger and I share it.

I just do not think Valve gives a fuck and this is the first time I have seen them turn to purely anti-consumer, money grubbing tactics ala the EA model.  If the goal is to reward mod designers the mod designers can setup a Patreon account or a dozen other means to ask the community for support.  I do not see how them getting a mere 25% will be better for them than random donations.

If Valve wants to make more money they should get Half-Life 3 out.  Pretty sure that would net them a few $$$.
 




 Mother Nature wants us to perpetuate the species.  Evolution has seen to it that we enjoy having sex to further that goal. 




 But a train ride from NYC to Chicago is just a waste of time.

Would it?

The distance is 790 miles.  

A plane will make the trip in 2 hours and 10 minutes (130 minutes).

On paper the train (if we assume 300 MPH average) would take 2.6 hours (let's go with three hours for a round number).

So, the high speed train would take 50 minutes longer. 

BUT:

- The train goes from city center to city center.  No need for commute.  I live in Chicago and can tell you the Chicago end will be 30-45 minutes from airport to city center.  Add on how long it takes to get to LaGuardia, JFK or Newark in New York). 

- You need to get to the airport particularly early to clear security.  Add on anywhere from 5-30 minutes for that (you never know...sometimes fast, sometimes slow but you have to allow for slow).

- The train is more comfortable.  Bigger seats.  No air pressure differentials.  Concession cars/bar cars.

I'd think Chicago to New York would be competitive.  At a guess I think any trip under 1000 miles might be well worth considering a train for instead of a plane (all things considered).
 




 Well, yes and no.

Certainly jet planes fly faster.  But not by as much as you might think.  Average jetliner cruise speeds are around 550 MPH.  200 MPH faster than the train is a lot but then the plane spends a good deal of time slower at takeoff and especially landing.  I am not sure what the average speed is for a whole flight (terminal to terminal) but I bet it is a lot less than 550 MPH.  The train would be too since it would not maintain 366 MPH the whole way but willing to bet it is less of a decrease than the plane.

Add in the time you need to dork around in an airport (getting there 90 minutes before your flight to clear security and what not) and you can start to see there is a sizeable window where high speed trains would make sense and be competitively fast getting from Point-A to Point-B.  Even better trains can go from city center to city center.  Quite unlike the commute to the periphery of a city to get to an airport.

Cross country in the US (NY - LA) would be too slow but lots of shorter jaunts would make sense and further than you might think.

Also consider that trains are almost always more comfortable.  Bigger seats, bar cars, cell phone service, easier to walk around  and so on make them a LOT more attractive than the cattle car airline seating and amenities.

TL;DR:  Bottom line when you consider ALL travel time associated with using a plane or train (commute to the airport/station, time to check in, etc.) it is easy to see how high speed trains could be quite competitive with a plane in terms of time.  Add in comfort and the train really pulls ahead in all but very long travel distances.
 




 Clinton will embrace the TPP and it will be perhaps the clearest indication of her too cozy relationship with Wall Street.  She will navigate this easily enough by not actually being a part of it.  She is currently out of the government so she will wring her hands and say there is nothing she can do.  She may well mouth some platitudes for the liberal base but she will not do a thing to oppose it.

Nothing short of her saying explicitly and clearly that she will do her level best, if she becomes president, to see the US not be a party to the TPP or leave it if we already are will amount to anything.

Don't hold your breath.
 




 Is there some reason someone can't write a plugin that fudges this information?  I mean, one computer is asking another for certain information.  Surely this can be prevented or altered before sending that data.

Is the data somehow necessary to be able to browse?
 




 They look "guilty" because you are looking at them like they ought to be guilty. Even though you may claim to not be trying to do so. 

I am guessing you have never had a dog.

I have and there have been numerous times where I came home with zero clue anything was wrong.  Instead of my dog greeting me as usual she'd be reluctant and frankly looking guilty as hell.  There was no prompt from me that would scare her into submission.  I was walking in the door as normal.  It was then I knew to go looking for the trouble she caused.

Dogs are intelligent creatures.  They share the same emotions we do.  Even if you have never had a dog you can instantly recognize their emotional state be it happy or scared or angry or whatever.  Why?  Because we have those emotions in common.

There is no reason to think guilt over having done something bad is on the list.  Dogs have long memories and they can discern when they have done something "bad".  Like a little kid they fret over it.

 









  Strictly speaking, dogs are rarely associated with being able to tell right from wrong, and what is correct and what is not. To them, mauling another animal may just be something that is natural and all part of the chain of life.

Dogs absolutely do have a sense of right and wrong.  There are [countless examples you can see on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=guilty+dog) of dogs looking guilty.  They look guilty because they know they broke the rules.

One reason dogs work so well as pets for humans is dogs are innately social animals.  Even in the wild there are dos and don'ts among the pack that are enforced by the social structure.

Dogs are not a walking, furry machine of random.  They abide by and adhere to a set of rules just as humans do.
 









 I was going to say he just lost my vote but to be fair I wouldn't have voted for him anyway.  




  When you call Comcast and the automated voice says "This call may be recorded for customer service purposes", that also gives you consent to record the call.

It is not clear at all that this is the case.

OK, so I passively agreed to being recorded by staying on the line after being informed that the call may be recorded. The representative agrees to be recorded as per their job with the call center they work with. Then what is the problem? Theyre recording so I can record.

Youre going to hate me on this but no, you can not. These are two separate instances of the same thing.

 Thing 1 (T1): The location you are calling has consent from you and the person you are talking with to record the call.

 Thing 2 (T2): Recording a call between you and an entity that you agreed to record your call  but did not agree to you recording them.

These are two different things. The center had consent to record from both parties. Ryan did not have that consent nor, in the recordings placed online, did he specifically ask or tell the representative he was recording. [SOURCE](http://www.youarenotpayingattention.com/2014/07/17/ryan-block-recording-calls-is-illegal-in-ca/)
 




 Whale meat is not popular at all in Japan.  In fact, the Japanese by-and-large dislike the stuff.  So much so that they have a hard time selling the stuff so they get the government to [put it in school lunches.](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2010/09/05/national/whale-meat-back-on-school-lunch-menus/#.VS0EEJMkR-U)

Add to that [whale meat sold by Yahoo! has mercury levels that are 47 times higher than the recommended limit.](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/09/whale-dolphin-meat-yahoo-japan-exceeds-safe-mercury-limits)  That is what they are feeding their kids.  

In 2010 sold some whale meat to the populace and [over 150 people got food poisoning.  Another city refused the meat over food poisoning fears.](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/02/05/i-ll-have-the-whale-please-japan-s-unsustainable-whale-hunts.html)

In short, the Japanese populace overall has practically no desire for whale meat.
 




 Be sure to check on the legality of recording a phone call in your state.  State laws vary so be sure you are in compliance with your law.  You can get some information here: http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/recording-phone-calls-and-conversations
 




 Most people consider her barely left of center if that.  Considering the center has moved pretty far right over the last decade she is hardly what most liberals would consider a liberal.

Further, it is believed she is a big friend of Wall Street and in the pocket of the bankers.

Finally I think there is a general sense of the presidency bouncing between two families.  Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama, then Clinton or Bush again (assuming it comes down to Hillary and Jeb).

Why Wall Street Loves Hillary - William D. Cohan
www.politico.com

While the finance industry does genuinely hate Warren, the big bankers love Clinton, and by and large they badly want her to be president. Many of the rich and powerful in the financial industryamong them, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman, Tom Nides, a powerful vice chairman at Morgan Stanley, and the heads of JPMorganChase and Bank of Americaconsider Clinton a pragmatic problem-solver not prone to populist rhetoric. To them, shes someone who gets the idea that we all benefit if Wall Street and American business thrive. What about her forays into fiery rhetoric? They dismiss it quickly as political maneuvers. None of them think she really means her populism. [SOURCE](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/11/why-wall-street-loves-hillary-112782.html#.VSrHK5MkR-U) 




 Wiki has a pretty good explanation:

The concept of purchasing power parity allows one to estimate what the exchange rate between two currencies would have to be in order for the exchange to be at par with the purchasing power of the two countries' currencies. Using that PPP rate for hypothetical currency conversions, a given amount of one currency thus has the same purchasing power whether used directly to purchase a market basket of goods or used to convert at the PPP rate to the other currency and then purchase the market basket using that currency. Observed deviations of the exchange rate from purchasing power parity are measured by deviations of the real exchange rate from its PPP value of 1.
PPP exchange rates help to minimize misleading international comparisons that can arise with the use of market exchange rates. 

For example, suppose that two countries produce the same physical amounts of goods as each other in each of two different years. Since market exchange rates fluctuate substantially, when the GDP of one country measured in its own currency is converted to the other country's currency using market exchange rates, one country might be inferred to have higher real GDP than the other country in one year but lower in the other; both of these inferences would fail to reflect the reality of their relative levels of production. But if one country's GDP is converted into the other country's currency using PPP exchange rates instead of observed market exchange rates, the false inference will not occur. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purchasing_power_parity)
 




 Man...I forgot the time when I thought 40 was old and when people went nutty.

Be sure to post back here in 20(ish) years when you pass 40 and let us know if you've become that old, crazy uncle.
 




 Defintion:

environmentalist

invrnmen(t)lst/

noun

1) A person who already has a house in the woods/on the beach 




 - A state law in Illinois mandates that all bachelors should be called master when addressed by their female counterparts. (pretty sure if you tell women about this you will remain a bachelor)

- You must contact the police before entering the city in an automobile.

- The English language is not to be spoken. The officially recognized language is American.

[SOURCE](http://979kickfm.com/crazy-weird-funny-stupid-silly-laws-in-illinois-missouri-and-iowa/?trackback=tsmclip) 




 - Military Time is just a 24-hour clock.  So 2p is 14:00.  5p is 17:00.  5a is 5:00.  Basically, subtract 12 from any number over 12 to get the time for PM.

- UTC time is Coordinated Universal Time which is basically equivalent to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) which is a time zone.  All times in the world (via the time zones) are + or - from GMT so sort of making GMT the zero point.  Note that UTC is NOT a time zone (that is the main difference from GMT) and is always read on a 24-hour clock.  So for instance GMT may experience daylight savings adjustment while UTC will not.

- Unix time (also known as POSIX time or Epoch time) is a system for describing instants in time, defined as the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), Thursday, 1 January 1970,[1][note 1] not counting leap seconds.[1][2][note 2] It is used widely in Unix-like and many other operating systems and file formats. Due to its handling of leap seconds, it is neither a linear representation of time nor a true representation of UTC. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time)
 




 More specifically you can thank [Art Pope](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/in-nc-conservative-donor-art-pope-sits-at-heart-of-government-he-helped-transform/2014/07/19/eece18ec-0d22-11e4-b8e5-d0de80767fc2_story.html).  Sort of North Carolina's own, personal Koch Brothers. 




 Seems to me they are dumping on both.
 









 Robocop 2 




 There is no evidence that being gay and getting laid decreases porn consumption.  Indeed one could just as easily assume it increases since gay men are quite likely to watch porn together.   









 Are you saying guys that are getting laid don't watch porn?  

What planet do you live on?
 




 [Bible Belt states watch the most gay porn, stats show](http://wtvr.com/2014/03/13/bible-belt-states-watch-the-most-gay-porn-stats-show/)
 




 Technically the people who climb Mt. Everest have already paid (substantially) for garbage collection.

There are some fixed costs that every climber has to pay, regardless of how they climb or who they climb with. Climbing permits, issued by the Nepalese government, cost $70,000 for a party of seven, or $25,000 for an individual climber. Every group pays camp fees, like a garbage and waste deposit, and pays a local government liaison to stay in camp with them. [SOURCE](http://www.outsideonline.com/1929131/how-much-does-it-cost-climb-everest)
 




  I don't get it. Why are same sex couples so keen on using the power of the state to jail people who don't want to preform their marriages, bake their cakes, etc.?

What if you hire a photographer for your wedding, they show up and see it is a gay wedding and leave?

Same with the caterer or band or whatever.

Do you think people need to identify as gay any time they want to do business with someone?  Would you say in the 50's it'd be ok if you had to identify as black before you could do business with someone?
 




 Occasionally I see pics around here that say, "This is my grandma in 1965!"

I wonder if in 2065 someone will post this with, "This is my grandma in 2015!"

I sure hope so...
 




