 Pretty great Vietnamese. Their pho is great! 




 What is the music playing in the background? Very reminiscent of A:AoU's "Strings on Me". 




 Definitely. Something informal yet beneficial. I like it. What days would work best for you? 




 I often brainstorm and outline for days and nothing ever comes of it. But then an idea/outline will take a hold and I'll create a 5-10 season arc that's just ridiculous. lol 




 Well, I will definitely take all these into consideration. I'd honestly love to do all of it! 




 Buffy was at the Box too right before we moved to the scene with Will/Rack and Dawn/Clem at Rack's. I would say Buffy went to Anya wanting to know Will's location in order to have an idea of what she was doing and Anya found her via vengeance. OR Clem called/contacted Buffy as Dawn entered the room. This is TV time. We don't know exactly when someone was contacted due to times "off screen" that could've been used to contact someone or how long it took Buffy to get there. 




 Oh gotcha. Then, her best bet would've been Anya since she had her demonic powers back at this point, but I also think Clem would've gotten a hold of her. We know Joss hated using cell phones until season 7, but Clem might've been able to contact Buffy via a cell he had (he is definitely one of those technologically friendly demons; he was driving a VW Beetle out of Sunnydale in the 7th season, and he's on top of modern appliances) or maybe a mystical way of contacting her. He's a skin-flappy demon, but he might have powers we don't know about. Point is that it isn't deeply important. This show has magic in it and it wasn't entirely crucial to know how Buffy got there. She had the means and resources to find the hideout, even with Spike gone, and she did find it in time.  




 Okay. I appreciate you commenting and letting me know. What kind of things do you write? What books fascinate you the most? 




 Well, we can definitely see about getting a schedule down pat. I, too, can only do Saturdays after 1 and anytime Sunday. So, don't worry, I don't plan on doing this Mon-Fri necessarily. 




 Tell me about yourself and the type of things you write. How do you think you could benefit in this group? 




 I believe so, but he was in Africa during "Two to Go". 




 I'd love to hear any ideas or interests you have that we could incorporate into the group. 




 What kind of things would you look for in this type of group? 




 But to act like the Writer's Strike had NOTHING to do with the show's drop in ratings and story lines is just ignorant. You're cutting half a season's worth of story-telling, character development, as well as forcing a writing team to hurry and come up with a quick solution, along with going through television executive approval, keeping everyone happy, etc. All the while, there's a huge freaking writer's strike happening on your front door step.  




 Dawn used Clem to take her to the hideout because it moves places constantly. Buffy has a higher sense as a Slayer that leads her to "danger" or supernatural element. She could have found it herself. 




