 So....when they are stereotypes. 




 There is a difference between government and societal censorship. You are constantly a part of the latter.

Are you saying that there is no cause for comedic minstrel shows to be shunned by audiences? Comedy should tackle these topics and not be afraid of them, but society should discourage works which continue damaging stereotypes. 




 It's time to talk about a worse problem facing Hollywood today: unnecessary puns.

*edit* Sexism does exist in the movie industry though. And feminism is good. 

 




 Yeah, Keanu's 47 ronin existing on a top 10 samurai list is pretty upsetting. 

I haven't seen it myself but Kon Ichigawa's 47 Ronin is a fairly well regarded telling of the same story. 

I do have a soft spot for Last Samurai, but its not top 10 material. Ninja scroll and 13 Assassins are pretty cool. As is the original 13 Assassins by Eiichi Kudo, and two companion films "The Great Killing" and "11 Samurai"

I've watched too many samurai movies. 




 Kurosawa is a master, but you are doing a disservice to yourself as a fan of the genre by limiting yourself to just him.

Check out the Samurai Trilogy by Hiroshi Inagaki which is on this list, Twilight Samurai as well. 
Sword of Doom by Kihachi Okamoto,
 
The original Harakiri by Masaki Kobayashi, and every other movie by Kobayashi you can find. 
  




 I just, think you should check out what roles get nominated for lead actor or actress and which get nominated for supporting at the Oscars. Otherwise, someone may conclude that your definition is purposefully vague in order to support whatever your argument is.

*squints eyes* 




 Then what is a supporting character? 




 Which rules of physics do Thor's hammer break? 




 The editing and fight choreography have always been pretty sloppy in the trilogy. 

TDK is definitely the most "real" of the three, but it still has things like the silly bullet forensics. Begins is not particularly grounded in comparison. 
I'm glad you still like it though.  




 What is your definition of "lead"? 




 But then, how do you know if you'll like the ending before buying the ticket?
Seems risky. Dangerous even. 




 Can you give me an example of how Rises is so devoid of brooding? 
If I recall our main protagonist gets beaten and spends quite a lot of time in a subterranean prison, left helpless while his city is under siege .
 




