









 Well, if he made TMZ, he must be!

Actually, I just don't get why someone would throw away their reputation for a pair of sunglasses. I think we all know that there are cameras everywhere now, don't we? 









 This is good news for those of us living nearby. Don't know if it will help to lower prices in the area, but the more options, the better. 


































 Why did the fly, fly? 

Because the spider, spied her... 




 Who knew that you could bee so sweet!? 












































  Ah , think of the smell.

I'm sure the animals will get used to us... 












































 Thanks, looks about right:~) 









 And in observance of Ocean Day, because life's a beach, I'll meet you all over at the sandbar!

*big wave* 









   I've never been to Moanalua Gardens

I'll never forget when I first came to Japan and people kept asking me where the [Hitachi tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moanalua_Gardens) was, and I was like, *Whaaaaat?!"

Then, I was watching TV on Saturday night (Mr. Excitement, right?) and Hitachi sponsors a show and I saw [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8SQNMclNGY)

Went back to Oahu and my memories of Moanalua grew fonder 'cause one of my kids was born at Kaiser. 



























































  to do something you can do for free in your living room while getting head and watching television?

...while eating pizza...
 




 As you already know Surfer, I've been a fan and supporter of yours here for a long time now.

I really like your pics and can't really come up with anything you haven't done, 'cause you already cover so many bases...

...

....

,,,,

...unless.....in about three weeks....do you think you can snap the ever elusive hatter running rampant on the sands of Waikiki?! 





































































 Sweet pic.

I spent a lot of time in the Kailua / Lanikai area and how I do miss those sunrises...and sunsets too. 




 Sorry to disappoint, but I travel light. The zebra head's staying in Japan. 












































 And here I thought you were going to say $69! 




 "May I have a serving of your finest multiple orgasms and by the way, what's that come to?" 














































































































































































 Sweet pic! 

 




   I've faced exactly the same annoying problem with loudspeakers in India with loudspeakers and it's usually different religious communities or political parades.

And we have to put up with the noise during the political seasons here in Tokyo too. 

Not only in front of the train stations, but roaming trucks as well. 




 Stuck in Tokyo and because there's no pot, I drink. 





























