 All that work and no LED headlights? Peasant  




 "Everyone go back to sleep, the fire depts on the way" 









 I lucked out I parked on base in A secure area 




 I dont know anyone near the base and the place they want me to park on base is on a long dirt range road that would pretty much destroy my paint if I drove down it. they have giant vehicles driving down it all the time that kick up rocks like bullets

so I decided to park off base instead 




 I will check this out. My main concern is my car which is more of a target for stealing from the inside of it at the very least and I'll have some valuables in it. It's not going to be parked on base or in a Populated area but I can monitor it remotely via GPS and text alerts 




 reserves. I have a civilian job and I also rent rooms out of my house. Combined I make enough to have some fun.

Also usaa gives a big discount on benz/bmw for current and former military. It got me a $66k car for $59k. I assume a lot of you are prior service so check it out. mines a lease but you can apply it to that too 




 I'm going in my annual Army training so I'm leaving my house and car unattended for 14 days. 

Car will luckily be parked near base. House is 6 hours away.

both the car and the house will text me if they are breached (the house will also call ADT and the police).

The car will actually text me both if the alarm goes off and if it's started. If someone were to steal it with a cloned electric key fob, it would still tell me if the ignition was on.

My question is, how quickly would police prioritize a stolen car if the caller reported it stolen due go an automated text message? The car is also trackable Through gps (mercedes).

Second question, sometimes my home alarm malfunctions and does not go off but I still get A text if the door opens. Would police respond in that case and treat it as a burglary since I'm out of state?

Third question, where can I hide things in my car in the event it just gets ransacked? Do thieves ever look under the trunk floor by the spare tire? I have my work laptop with me and didn't want to take it in the field so I was going to leave it in my car.

Thanks! 




 I was just going to self publish on Amazon or something.  









 Ok I will check them out. I haven't accomplished anything that would blow anyone away (or be newsworthy), and I know everyone think's their life could be a book/movie, but based on the feedback I've been given of some of what I've put out there, I figured it would make for a good read. My only anxiety with it would be if the book as a whole took off, people in my past would recognize me. For this reason I might change names and locations... which I'm assuming most people do anyway. 




 I have written stories of my life here and there on Reddit and quite a few went viral. For the few I shared, there are dozens more, enough to fill a book. I'm great at writing about events that have happened to me but not so much with fiction.

Has anyone who led an interesting/inspirational life (that noone had ever heard of) ever successfully written a book about themselves?

I know this isn't a writing subreddit, but I wanted to know what actual readers thought, or if you had read a book like that. 




 Good idea 




 That's the problem. That "half mile" is packed every other day in the winter. that half mIle takes about 20 to 30 min sometimes to get past  




 I don't even think kenowa Is a road Tbh I was stuck over there in traffic today and didn't see it despite it showing on the map 




 Start a god damn millage or some shit. If you put up a Kickstarter and advertised it on a billboard at that interchange it would take one snowy traffic jam before it was Funded 10x over from people on their smartphones in traffic.

I have to leave 30 minutes early in the winter to make sure I'm on time to work just in case there's an accident on the only way out of town. God forbid there be a natural disaster and were all stuck 




 Same. Butterworth is my backup route when there's any hint of slowdown on 196 




 If they extended Butterworth to baldwin it would solve everything  




 this corridor is an absolute cluster fuck with the construction and all it takes is one dumb fuck during the winter to spin out and I am 40 minutes late to work. there is only one way in and out of Jenison which is 196 East. why can't they eminent domain someone and build a bridge to connect Baldwin to M 11? I can't tell you how many times I've waited in traffic for over a half hour because of the freeway being the only way to get over there. 




 Define harder though, they are still spinning at the same RPM in the same substance (water, air, etc)...  




 So I have a small RC boat that goes 15 MPH or so. I was planning to add on to the hull to make it larger. I realize this would make it go slower, but how would it wear out the motors faster, as some have warned me?

It is simply a rotor spinning in water, doesn't it encounter the same resistance regardless of the weight of the object it's attached to? It seems it would encounter the same resistance and generate the same momentum, just the increased weight of the boat would mean that X momentum = a lesser speed.

Also same for a drone, while it may not travel as high or fast, why would adding weight to an air drone cause it's motors to wear out faster? They are still spinning in the air either way.... the only thing I can think of is you would have to operate at a higher RPM more of the time, but on boats in particular you are almost always operating at full RPM anyway. 




 do people still play wow? whats it like now? havent played since WoD came out...bought but never played 




 The dubs have the theocratic ministry school where they roleplay as worldlings in an attempt to practice techniques, I don't see why we can't do the same thing.

The longer we stay out, the more we lose the brainwashed mindset, making it harder for us to reason with someone still in (especially as the culture changes).

What if we had threads where if it was tagged as such, everyone only responded in character; that character being a still fully believing dub with cognitive dissonance in. No "apostate" comments would be allowed in the thread, all commenters would be required to role play as if they were still a witness and answer how their former selves would have answered.

This could be used for either challenges (to fish for potential rebuttals you will face in real life) or questions where you want to understand the logic on something the borg did.

Examples:

**[CD] Charles Taze Russell is buried under a giant pyramid, a symbol of the occult:**

Comments:

(Various apostates roleplaying how they as a witness would have responded to that question when they were still a 100% undoubting believer)

**[CD] Why are we not allowed to have wordly friends as associates, but worldly family members (cousins, etc) are perfectly acceptable to hang out with?**

Comments:

(Former/current elders roleplaying as an active elder giving a sheep counsel on this question)

This could be especially useful as we could get realistic answers from people still in and fading, or those not 100% convinced to leave yet. 




