 I've watched that ending a dozen times and his face doesn't change at all. the only thing to give a hint is the sound of boots on pavement 




 so the woman says she'll go get her jacket and he's waiting there. and then we hear really loud footsteps sounding like running. did she go to the cops?

aquarion, blassreiter, gankutsuou, gad guard, kite, md geist, now and then, shigurui, slayers, xxxholic, 009 




 it fell less than a foot. I bet he plays soccer 




 how did you try to do it? 




 that's because it's rare 




 when I was in middle school our DARE officer got suspended for using cocaine. I've cheated so many drug tests during high school and i'm sure that cops get more leeway than I did. these guys must be retarded

just tape the synthetic piss it to your thigh because they make you hike up your pants to your knees, and also pee on the outside of the bottle because sometimes they smell it. and make sure to follow the directions to have it at the right temperature. 
 




 i'd give her a night. I have no standards 




 I really want know what she said just after the video ended. "the fact that women have been shut out of dangerous..." 
 









 I call bullshit. not that you did this, only that alcohol is solely to blame.  




 don't get me wrong, fuck republicans and all that. but if this senator was republican this post would be on the front page with 3000 comments 




 I cant wait to be outraged by the verdict that they're too young to know that stabbing someone causes death 




 thank you. hope you have a nice day 









 I live near seattle and i'm pretty sure I've had this beer before. it came in a golden or yellow 24oz can and was really good. too expensive for me though (around $3) 




 nope, I can't. well actually I can get one but not two 




 did anyone actually think that putting any kind of smoke in your lungs is healthy? 




 was he still on dope then? he looks pinnned 




 the driver is a Saudi so he'll probably beat the worker too 




 thank you. hope you didn't do that on my account. too bad shroom season is still a few months off 




 you don't happen to know what episode that was do you? 




 no, death for yelling and screaming the morning after new years on the train. completely justified in my opinion 




 "I had to punch you and knock you out because I was concerned for your health because you might have been smoking marijuana" 

 




 a handle or a fifth? 




 because a shaman is a great authority on western culture 




 a hard reset is always holding down all the buttons at once. usually fixes most problems 




 well, that's the job he took 




 no doug Stanhope?

edit: no doug stanhope 




 actually while I was off on the shoulder, two other crashes occurred. I think a presidential candidate was in town 

but is that your way of saying giving a ticket to someone who just crashed their car is justified? 




 I forget, there was an unlit underpass and traffic was going smooth up until then where traffic stopped. completely my fault as I told the cop. traffic was about 50mph until the unlit overpass where traffic was stopped. my fault  




 "this guy is making too much sense, better downvote him rather than talk to him" 




 I gathered that. I also got a ticket after I was in an accident. 

don't just ignore an opinion you don't agree with or so you can meet your quota without feeling bad 




 driver got in an accident, give him a ticket too. and you wonder why people hate cops 




 thanks 









 I hope you don't have siblings. i'm kinda in the same boat and Christmas was hell. seriously I have never wanted to kill myself more than during holidays 




 you know, you're probably right and I can't find where it was mentioned before. probably just a conspiracy theory or something. but i'm sure i'm read something bout it on reddit. anyways thanks for being cool about me being wrong 




 just look at any of the times it was posted on reddit. usually one of the highest comments explains it. how I heard it was fake was on reddit so i'm sure you can find it if you look 




 anyone know if this is fake like the American south episode or if it's real this time? 




 probably empty and in the trash 




 I didn't make it that far 




 how many dogs have UPS, FedEx and Postal worker killed combined? FUCKING ZERO. cops are pussies 




 my problem with feminism is that feminists never focus on actual problems but instead only stuff they think affects them. there are plenty of problems concerning women in the middle east and i'd be 100 percent behind any feminist who addresses them 




 "police officers don't meet the same consequences that the general public would experience in the same scenario"

how many dogs have UPS or FedEx or USPS drivers killed? zero. cops? too many to count. i was a seasonal driver helper and got bitten by a dog. didn't even report it. there should be a cowardice test along with the other ones

if a post office worker kicked a dog that was biting him, he would lose his job. but a cop shooting a golden retriever? guess 




 yea, never realized until now how autistic George costanza was 




 it's not that. just that once hard a was allowed to be sold in grocery stores liquor stores couldn't compete.  




 I once tried to have a civilized conversation with someone there, but it was like talking with a cop... oh 




 washington 




 not that much drinking in either of them. but thank you 




 I wish my state still had liquor stores. just bought a ten dollar handle of vodka that cost me almost twenty with tax. and had to wait in line with judgmental assholes. I worked an overnight shift you cunts 




 my buddy was the first legal weed bike dealer in Washington state. his pack consists of weed.  




 it's because those states have already legalized medical marijuana for awhile now. nobody is going to buy a $40 gram if they can get a $10 gram or $15 dollar (medical) of same shit. 

two things I hate about this subreddit - people just can't connect two simple dots. and this post has 200 upvotes but only 10 comments. people think upvoting a post within this little subreddit of people who already smoke weed is helping the cause 




 it's gotta be English dubbed. and preferably action with cool fight scenes. thanks

on a side note, also looking for action anime with art style similar to afro samurai or redline 




 pretty much any anime with drug use fits the bill but action is a bonus. i'm looking for something where drinking is more than just a quirk like eating a lot or sleeping a lot and defines the character. or really any anime where drug use is common 




 4 steps on how to use a dildo 




 you write really well. write the next game of thrones. George r martin probably gets hella bitches 














 yeah I've worked UPS driver helper a couple seasons and at the start of a day when the truck is fully loaded, some packages will get stepped on to get to ones in the back. it can't be helped 




 is the zoo decklist he posted the best one? is there a better zoo deck 




 lol that's the definition of the word, retard 




 I was right.  http://www.ushistory.org/franklin/philadelphia/fire.htm

I won't bother to call you a retard, but why do foreigners always care so much about America anyways? 




 didn't benjamin franklin invent firefighters? what did the rest of the world do before, just watch shit burn? 




 what does getting shot feel like? 




 I like the art and the that title "master of disguise" sounds badass

also its just 1 health off from being a yeti but its special is really useful when I get a 8/3 bloodsail raider (which is a 2 drop) 




 I just got from rank 20 to 16 today with just this deck. I played a few hours today 




 I don't have those and I really want to enchant my first legendary, but yeah I really want a blade furry 




 give it a shot man 




 does the producer have tits?

DN episode 9 next 




 he broke through the autism spectrum into infrared colors 




 there's a weakened version of 211? that seems unbelievable because it would be more expensive to dilute the shit than change the label on the cans 




 the alcohol tax in washingoton state forces me to. i'm not made out of money, cutie. I drink steel reserves like a champ. i'd rather drink whiskey but I can't afford it 




