 I have tried pulling some sound clips from Let's Plays and YouTube videos but the sound is distorted.  I wonder if anyone has the original files from the game.  It would be a lot of fun to remix those sound bites into other things.

"VainGlory"
"Ally is impressive"
"Enemy is getting ridiculous" 









 There's also a big following for plane spotting.  If you go to a big airport like LAX there are lots of people standing in view of the runways with cameras.  Large pieces of machinery interest some people in the same way birdwatching interests others. 









 Desperado was really fun, not as good as Magnum but it feels way more out of control 




 My car is a chevy cavalier, parked on a street similar to this... gave me a heart attack for a second 














 I love Mean Streak, I hope they don't change it 














 Even the smallest change in size or weight on a blade could throw it off balance 




 Agreed, I really enjoy the wooden coaster experience no matter how shaky.  I hope other coasters like Mean Streak don't meet the same fate. 




 That was great!  It was humorous when it was an English person with a French dub with English subtitles. 




 Here you go http://imgur.com/gallery/Cp7sR 




 Epic find 




 It looks like the one at Six Flags Magic Mountain, is that where it's from or are there multiple ones like it? 




 "Several riders report that the rear wheels of cars were once able to leave the track at the crest of some dips." - from the wikipedia, that must have been what I was thinking of 




 Are there no upstop wheels?

Also I heard this coaster used to actually have small gaps in the track to jump over... Even though I don't think that's true 




 Stitched together photos from a Sony HDR CX550v on Adobe Premiere (12 frames a second) and exported to Gif with Gif Brewery 




 Done 



















 Here is the article http://www.geeksundergrace.com/gaming/developer-spotlight-scott-cawthon/

"A pivotal moment came for me when my life insurance policy was cancelled. The insurance company had caught wind that Id mentioned suicidal thoughts to my doctor." 









 He always has another stroke 




 You bet 




 The first version is the same thing but in pencil with less material http://imgur.com/gallery/pOG1NNi 




 If you want some of those story structures all in the same place http://i.imgur.com/FB46JOs.jpg 














 Dog tax http://imgur.com/hlDSCUD 









 Ride it in the very backseat, either side is a crazy experience on the first drop 




 Top quality m9.  Alternate edition by some bloke over at /r/montageparodybattles http://youtu.be/d7c717pO0CE 









 The more you give away, the less people will talk about it.  I for one welcome the mystery 




 Listen to some other music besides the game soundtrack.  It is relaxing 









 Subliminal messaging 














 December for me too...  




 Yeah it's party hat 




 Wallace and Gromit - Curse of the Were-Rabbit

That subtle music and Rube Goldberg contraption setting off the alarms is very cool. 




 Stanley Kubrick - A Life In Pictures.  Very inspiring and shows how Kubrick was a real person just like the rest of us, although perhaps a very smart one. 









