









 Young Blood by Naked and Famous 




 [Key to the city explanation]( http://m.mentalfloss.com/article.php?id=30744) 




 Probably just jail time 




 Argentina 




 Tom Hanks or Leonardo DiCaprio 




 Your jaw looks a little squeaky, do you want some oil from my oil can? 




 TV dinner.  




 Have a pleasant afternoon.  




 Because people are judgmental.  




 I'll just take the stairs.  




 I'm sure people are less concerned with having a picnic around a confederate general than *hey lets dig up some dead people* 




 The union may endorse her but do the people who are part of the union support her.  




 I'm not sure. I guess asking for something and compliments bother people.  









 Pour cooking vanilla on it.  




 Stephen Hawking 




 Awesome build, thanks for the extra pics.  




 *Oh damn, seems I've started on fire again talk to you later* 




 To add opinion or to add to the discussion.  




 Wow, do you have any shots of the individual buildings? 




 Definitely with all the quotes on Facebook about respecting people's bodies, and the obesity rate. 




 Life hacks or fat people 




 Corrected, good catch.  




 See what happens when you take free flights.  









 Sounds like a great laxative.  




 Disappointing 




 How did you contribute to society today? 




 Did Tom Hanks catch him too? 




 ....Splinters 




 Hobbies: unloading konnex, formations, sexual harassment and suicide classes.  *over 1000 matches* 




 Thanks for supporting the troops 









 Why did you wait so long? 
























 Try r/AskHistorians 




 *Praying* by Alex Grey.  http://alexgrey.com/art/paintings/soul/praying-2/ 




 This Love by Pantera 




 Why do people still vote republican? 




 To be fair they probably save a lot of money because there isn't any stores to spend it at.  









 That would have been pure chaos 




 I like to listen to people on my headset without saying anything. Usually the people with headsets group together, so I go hunt them down. Most times I use the sniper rifle and kill them all just to hear their reaction.  
























 Never be lonely at a bar again.  




 I'd have to go with a 40's hits mix.  




 Holding the door open for people and thanking people.  









 The freaky tales of the white house.  




 Gaslighting them. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaslighting 









 That's the last thing we need to give power too.  




 I had to save a few of those. Good sub find.  




 Air conditioning 




 Breaking Bad, Super Natural, Pretty Little Liars, Walking Dead.....do I need to continue? 




 The army 









 The deep fryer was broken 




 Great investing right there. 














 [Paul Bunyan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Bunyan) 




 Clothed Missionary sex 




 If I wrote the entire novel of why my life sucked than it wouldn't suck anymore from book sales. 




 Probably full of trails. 




 There goes the clich war movie scene where they make the new guy check for land mines.  




 Mike Kelly (baseball player) [Cap Anson once sent out a detective to tail Kelly and came back witht a report that he had seen "Old Kel" drinking lemonade at 3 am. When confronted, Kelly angrily replied, "It was straight whiskey! I never drank lemonade at that hour in my life!"](http://www.thedeadballera.com/BeerDrinkersKingKelly.html) 




 Exercise and constantly working have almost eliminated my insomnia  




 I'd say it would probably be a war movie.  














 The Cock N Tails club.  
























 It's worth adapting and overcoming.  









 Disappointing they didn't make it farther. 




 Depends if my wife is taking a shower or not.  




 ICP 




 Any ICP song.  









 Gossip Girl 




 Theodore Roosevelt. A president, cowboy, medal of honor recipient, traveled an unknown Amazon river, and hunted game in Africa.  




 She got a big booty so I call her big booty.  




 You know the Donkey Show from Clerks 2....... 




 There's less war but still a huge military budget.  




 Admitting you have a problem is the first step to recovery.  




 I'd probably just smoke another cigarette 




 Stalin's officer purge. He could have just fired them.  









 Texas needs to take some lessons from it's neighbor.  




 Imagine if Russia and America worked together.....unstoppable.  




 Vietnamese food. Smells kinda good, but I personally loathed the taste.  




 It's either a trending in the movie scene or the movie companies might have a contract with the city. Filming might be cheaper to in San Francisco. Those are my best guesses.  




 Nice, I like it.  














 Freedom to voice opinions 
























 "What has my creation done?" He said.  




 A person who wants to see the people's world burn equally.  









 A lesson in great sportsmanship 
























 Everyone I know dips Copenhagen or Grizzly 




 I only have Copenhagen.  




 Have some form of nicotine available for people to bum.  














 Fallout 




 But thats my favorite to answer.  




 Maybe r/books or r/writingprompts you could also look at their sidebar for more places.  




 The government is ran by lobbyists. It's more about the money than the people now.  




 Post it around reddit and see where it goes from there.  




 The Star Spangled Banner 




 You could spread the word and in a sense "start the snowball" 




 I'd say word of mouth usually is the best way to get someone to visit your website.  




 r/AskHistorians  




 I'd say r/AskReddit only because of the constant repeated questions. Other than that it's fine.  




 "Straight outta Compton" "straight outta locash" 




 Fusion Frenzy 














 Cruising down the street in my 64  




 They had a delivery service in Hawaii that would deliver from any fast food joint, including McDonald's.  




 True loneliness right there.  




 I already have 10, where's my money? 




 Congress 




 When adventures go wrong.  




 Reading 














 Have it your way.  




 Become the president 









 Hey Arnold 









 After all that he died in a practice flight. Very unfortunate.  




 Now he tries out new food for a job. Best success story yet.  




 What is that, The Onion version of gaming news.  














 Damn, wish I was covered before it happened.  



















 I'm sad that I'm in the army now.  




 He's for the soldiers not the wars.  




 America needs a rail system like Europe's.  




 The hardest team to beat.  




 A Theodore Roosevelt movie 




 Locs sunglasses 




 See how long you can stay in the house while it's on fire.  




 Because you have to submit a link not a text post.  




 That's how it works, shit out all the diseases/viruses.  




 Good job Texas 




