 Smietn 




 Mind=blown 




 [My login timer at 15:00 GMT+1..*sigh*](http://i.imgur.com/f2oNZyn.png) 









 Lies, nobody plays Zilean! 




 Nvm I'm retarded 




 CLOUD9 BACKDOORS ARE NOT READY FOR THE PEKE \#PREPAREYOURANUSNA 




 Thanks to everyone replying! Got a few hours I can fill right now :) 




 Thank you! Will check those out now 




 Would love to, but haven't got the time to do so :/ 




 That is 1 title..:v 




 As the title says, please say wich game(s) you liked best and I'll watch those! Thanks! 




 I'm dissapointed

EDIT: NVM! OP got both, happy days 




 I never said bomb them. I'm talking about an intervention coordinated by the international community (NATO by example), not just the US. 
We've seen that their method does not work, however, it's getting pretty obvious that something has to be done because the situation over there is getting out of hand, human rights being violated left and right.. 




 No matter how gruesome, this should be everywhere. People have to know what's going on and realise that just watching it happen is not the way to act.

Fuck Russia and China btw, preventing the entire international community to intervene with political and economical pressure. 




 I still don't see the problem.. 




 I think this is one of those people that actually clicks their skills instead of using hotkeys. Anyway, cringed 




 This is no fun on acid :( 




 Where's the EG option? 

\#Istillbelieve 




 It's almost impossible but try to imagine that that's you, trying to deal with the sudden passing of your mother, dealing with all the questions. Newt thing you know, there's this kid making fun of you and of her..
Knowing me, I'de be in prison, I wish I could say I have the self-control but I don't.. 




 The baby was born with abnormaly large feet, making the pre-purchased shoes unusable. I want to believe.. 




 Say whatever you like, the kid can rap and has probably made more money now, age 24, then you (or me for that matter) ever will. So he must be doing something right.. 




 True, but that one has lots of alternatives on somewhat the same level, sites like google and reddit are quite unique in my opinion. 




 That, or for papers due tomorrow 




 Good answer! A site I use so much and consider so normal that I haven't even considered, but losing it would indeed suck 




 Stupid as it may sound, my answer would be Facebook. I hardly ever check it for more then a minute but just knowing I can contact all my friends pretty easely (even when I haven't heared them in ages) if I need to is so convenient. Also, birthdays! Knowing me, I wouldn't remember more then 5 a year.. 




 Perhaps better to exclude reddit since I assume alot of people would answer this. 




 I actually have red particles for him, there was a guide on how to do it posted back when he was released, I'll update when I can find it! 




 Cats are assholes. Love em 




 How on earth can you call players like Wickd, krepo, snoopeh and yellowpete 'trash'? Yes, they have their bad games, everyone does.
I personally have seen lots of improvement troughout the last season and they ended 4th in the LCS. Trash? Gl in your series to bronze 2 or whatever it is you play in

/rant 




 I love me some trashtalk but damn, talk about kicking a man when he's down.. Anyway, ggwp Vulcun good luck at worlds 




 cheers! Wasn't sure and it doesn't show on my phone so I guessed 




 EG, CLG and M5 here, still got a shot! /#believe 




 Wow 




 [Ur a cheeky 1 EH?](http://static1.fjcdn.com/comments/4551482+_1122fdb9757f3c0e96683cdd6f28c304.jpg) 




 Would love this aswell! Especially because, in this way, it would be alot easier for people from all over to come and join in, even some of us living in Belgium. *hint hint* 




 This is the reason it got me angry, if he stopped and considered the pro/contra's or the risks, there's no way he would of done this. Instead he went for the 'nope, this will be both awesome for us and look good on video.' 




 X-Post from /r/whatcouldgowrong 









 U wot m8? 




 u wot m8? 




 ITT: OP getting downvoted into oblivion  




 My tought aswell, glad the 'regi-hate' has stopped but this is not frontpage worthy imo 




 Why? It's not too uncommon for supports to run Ignite when their ADC is running barrier. 




 Surfing.. Being payed to travel all over the world, to the most beautiful countries to surf the best waves known to mankind.. Living the dream :) 




 Soooo.. League is better right? Right..? 




