 Or a golden tuffalo. 




 I think the real question here, is why aren't trolls our first army?

For me, it was cost. I was able to get around 75 points of Cygnar *and* about 75 points of Dwarves to go with them for about the same price as a 50 point troll list. As fun as trolls looked, when you don't know what is really worth what getting into the game, it's hard to make that kind of commitment. 

After a while, though, trolls just become irresistible. For me, they are the only "comical" faction, so they were really the only choice in the end. I mean [this](http://battlecollege.wikispaces.com/file/view/pyg-keg-carrier.jpg), [this](http://battlecollege.wikispaces.com/file/view/blitzer.jpg/32362787/blitzer.jpg), and [these](http://privateerpress.com/files/products/trollbloods/solos/whelps.png) are pretty much must-haves for me, even if I didn't play the game.

Oh, and let's not forget, we have [Troll Moses](http://privateerpress.com/files/imagecache/product_image/products/Runebearerp.png).

These are models I'd buy even if I wasn't a fan of Warmachine. Being a fan of Warmachine means that I get to use them in a tournament to kick your ass. 




 Point costs in Warmachine are based on sort of the "big picture" of the miniatures abilities. Warmachine is a game of synergy, and the stats on one model aren't really representative of the power it brings to the table. 

Also, not every ability is going to be worth the same amount of points to different models. For instance, a back-up ranged weapon on a mostly melee model is going to be a lot different if they have decent RAT than if they have garbage RAT. Or if they are super slow and it actually gives them several solid inches over charging, or if they are in a faction with tons of range buffs, etc. 

This is not to say that they do this perfectly by any means. But it does mean that they can control the power of a model much better, because they can test it, see it in action, and then assign a point value based on it's performance in game, rather than needing to perfectly price every ability in the game (which is not possible anyway).

Also, Warmachine doesn't allow you to build custom stats for models, so there isn't a need for it. 




 It's a sort of "trouble" for your character, something that drives them to keep working, something that is essential for that Firefly-style *rogues in space* game. But, not only can you use it to tie their character to the world, it also is an actual score. 

Say you have an obligation of Family, which is that you have ties to your family and you have to spend time taking care of family things. You have a number to go with that, let's say 30. You add your number together with the other players' numbers, and the GM rolls an obligation check for the session. If it fall within your range, *your* obligation is an issue that session. 

The book recommends that this is just you stressing out about your family (which is represented by effecting your dice rolls), and not necessarily having specific issues coming up, but I like having little side quests that deal with that character when I can fit them in.

I don't just use obligation for Star Wars either. I've use it any time I need to give the characters a reason to work, like when they are mercenaries in Iron Kingdoms, or P.I.'s in a noir game. 

edit: Oh, and I forgot, your obligation score can go up or down as you play. Do a big side quest to take care of that family? Your obligation goes way down, and you're not as worried about them for a while. Been blowing them off for months? Your obligation score is going to get higher and higher, demonstrating the strain of worrying about it it's causing you. You can even get new obligations. Make a deal with a cartel for future "favors"? They get added as a new obligation that can be managed, but never really goes away. 




 I might as well set up a direct deposit for my paycheck into PP's account at this point. 




 Obligation from Star Wars: Edge of the Empire, and the playing card initiative from Savage Worlds. 




 [Ramshackle games](http://www.ramshacklegames.co.uk/) is a pretty cool little miniatures company. It mostly deals in post-apocalyptic minis. They have a lot of really cool stuff, especially the vehicles. A nice bonus is they have free world-wide shipping. 

I've gotten some great stuff from [Cobblestone Castings](http://www.copplestonecastings.co.uk/range.php?range=FW) before as well. 

[ThunderChild Miniatures](http://www.tcminiatures.co.uk/) is a super small, super focused company that recently did a kickstarter for a wargame based on their stuff, [Wasteman](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2032267828/wasteman-a-game-of-desperate-conflicts-in-a-desola/description). 

I'm also a bit in love with [Bombshell Miniatures'](http://www.bombshellminis.com/search/label/Counterblast) Counterblast line. 




 On the upside there, their all-in-one box is coming out in a couple months, which gives op time to pre-order one. 




 Well, 1" = 6', and I've known several people who have just used a grid. I personally can't stand grids, but to each their own. 

One thing I do, is stop measuring. Just eye-ball it, and if it looks like it's in range, it is. You don't actually need minis, or measuring tape, or anything like that, but I usually use minis just because I like the easy reference of relative distance and position. 

What combat systems are you used to? I can probably give a 100% conversion guide if you wanted if I knew what you were looking for. 

It might be a copy-paste of the wargame, but the wargame is just a copy-paste of D D3.0 (shhhh, don't tell anyone), though it's actually streamlined quite a bit.

But I've ran IK-Fate, Cypher System IK, the old 3.0 IK, and the new IKRPG, so let me know what you need. 




 I'm just here to second recommendations for anything Cypher System related, like [Numenera](http://www.numenera.com/), [The Strange](http://thestrangerpg.com/), or even the upcoming generic [Cypher System](http://www.montecookgames.com/store/product/cypher-system-rulebook/) book. 




 I'd argue, but I think you aren't talking about tabletop rpgs, which is what this subreddit is for. 




 See for yourself: The free quickstart stuff is [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery).

If you want to check out Full Metal Fantasy instead, its free quickstart stuff is [here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf).

I love it, but it's not for everyone. It's an expensive book, but it's also huge, and beautiful, and full of great stuff; exactly what you'd expect for the money.

It's a fully standalone product, and you don't need any other books to play. However, it's also compatible with all the other IKRPG books. I'm running a FMF game, and Unleashed is basically an enormous Monster Manual for me. 




 It does indeed stand alone. 




 I've heard of the setting for Eclipse Phase a while, and I've known I like the premise. I finally started seriously sitting down with the books trying to learn the system (so I can run it). 

How do you people do it? I've got the books downloaded (ordered a few of the hard copies, and ordering more when I get paid again), and playing the game isn't that bad. It seems pretty much like BRP or any % based system really as far as mechanics go. 

But the character creation, jeez. It took me about 3 hours to make a character *by rolling randomly for everything on tables*. I didn't even take the time to pick and choose anything, just rolled a number and wrote down what I got. For my typical group, it's going to take me months to get each of them a character set up (especially when one asshole is going to work up a character, see what someone else made, and then change his mind). 

Granted, I'm probably going to start out by just throwing pre-mades at them, but at some point we'll have to sit down and work up characters, and I don't know how we'll get through it. 

Is this like, some sort of ["Great Filter"](http://28oa9i1t08037ue3m1l0i861.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Great-Filter1.png), done as a joke by the designers to keep filthy casuals out of the game?

I tried to think about converting the game to another system to make it simpler, but damn I'd lose more than half the substance of the game in the process. 




 I love this kind of thing, but don't count on your players loving it. In fact, I've had quite a few be absolutely pissed. And that was in an instance where it was a subtle difference, one that didn't actually affect anything beyond their perceptions of things.

On the other hand, I've done it and had everyone love it. In fact, some of the players from that game still say it's the best they've ever played in. 

One big difference between the two was the successful one was with friends, the other was with pickup people. When people trust you, and are willing to forgive you a bit, it makes it a lot more successful. 




 Well, I know I've kind of lost interest in books and movies, but that has a lot to do with the social aspect of RPGs. I'm getting to the point now that anything worth doing, is worth doing with friends. 




 Gamma World can go this way, especially the most recent official edition.

Also, /r/StraighttoVHS/ is pretty awesome for silly games. 




 I'd say your analogies are pretty close. I'm mostly a Deadzone guy, and one of the nice things about it is that it has some boardgame-like qualities that make it a lot easier to just pick up and play with friends who don't know anything about it. You can have a lot of fun with just the base game set if you wanted to get a taste for Mantic's stuff, and they have a lot of crossover with their models (you can use some Dreadball stuff in Deadzone, and I think most Deadzone stuff can be used in Warpath). 




 Iron Kingdoms. In fact, put it on there twice, once for Full Metal Fantasy, and once for Unleashed.

You are going to have a lot of fun. I'd do this too, except I've pretty much been doing this my whole life. 




 Cypher system is best system. Seriously. You can check out Numenera or The Strange that's out right now. 




 All the time. 

Every once in a while, I'll have an idea that just blows my mind, and I'll go with that instead, but if not, I tend to make better characters when I'm working with randomly generated parts.

I think [restrictions fuel creativity](https://joblivious.wordpress.com/2009/03/29/restrictions-fuel-creativity-and-thats-why-stealth-games-were-invented/), and making truly unique and special characters is actually easier when you are given the components to a character, rather than picking them out yourself. 

It's especially fun when you roll up two conflicting things. I play Iron Kingdoms, and one time I was rolling up a character to play, and I rolled a Fellcaller Mage Hunter (Fellcallers are exclusively Trollkin, and Mage Hunters are exclusively Elven). Instead of scrapping the idea and trying again, I thought about maybe a Trollkin's kriel was attacked by spellcasters, and so he trained to kill those kinds of people (maybe even was trained by an Elf Mage Hunter, which is an interesting relationship that GMs love for players to have). Then I thought, maybe an Elf found that they had a unique ability of "screaming like a banshee". They could possibly be the only elf who has ever had this ability. How and why could be a mystery left up to the GM. Maybe they were some kind of arcane experiment, or maybe all races are capable of it, but it's extremely rare, or maybe he was possessed by an actual banshee. These are all really amazing character ideas, that give the GM lots of opportunities to tie my character to the world, and none of them would be possible if I just made a character normally. 

Also, even for stats, I like random generation. Something people forget is that the dice can tell a story. If I put the stats where I think they should go, the character is probably going to be pretty predictable. If I roll randomly, all of a sudden my charismatic bard is also a weightlifter, or maybe he's "adorably" clumsy. Instant character traits that make him unique, without me having to do anything but look at the stats.

Some people are like, "Yeah, but what if I roll something I don't like? I'm not going to want to play that for a long campaign." Play that character even harder than you would other characters then. Story time: A friend and I were playing in someone's game who had us randomly roll for stats, in order. I rolled amazing, my friend rolled garbage. My friend wanted to reroll, but everyone agreed before hand that that wasn't going to be a thing. So instead, my friend had his character charge in every combat, figuring that when he died, he'd get to make a new character. Except he couldn't die. Not by the rules, the rules definitely said it was possible for him to die. But every time he got shot up in combat, he managed to roll for some kind of disability instead (which was hilarious). Some of the other party members even ended up dying, but his character just became this grizzled, crazy, deathwish-having sonovabitch that was more machine than man. His character had a reputation as being fearless, and a badass, and it was only about a month of playing before my friend started saying how much he loved his character. If he had gotten the rolls he wanted, he probably would have just stayed in the back, and not had near as much fun. 

Is that going to happen every time? No, but if it doesn't, you die and make a new character. Make their story as great as it can be and then move on. 
 




 I have a decent amount of terrain from Warmachine that I use sometimes. I also have a ship-ish thing I built for my group (they were pirates, so they needed a ship).

If you are looking for absolutely beautiful and easy to transport terrain, the [Unleashed Adventure Kit](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/core-products/iron-kingdoms-unleashed-adventure-kit) has some amazing map tiles, though they are pretty much exclusively wilderness. I've actually been using the forest tiles from this in my Warmachine games because I haven't gotten around to making any yet. The new boardgame, [The Undercity](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/board-games/the-undercity) is coming out next month, and it will probably have some great city based tiles to use. Both have a lot of great minis to use too. 




 For Steampunk: Iron Kingdoms RPG is amazing. There's lots of rules "crunch", but it's also very streamlined. Combats are usually fast and deadly. The world is probably my favorite published setting of all time. There are two free quickstart adventures available for it [here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf) and [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery).


For Sci-Fi: [The Strange](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/129405/The-Strange-corebook) is pretty awesome. It's a rules light game (though crunchier than most rules light games) and it's simple base mechanic makes running it as the GM a breeze (a joy, even). The premise of the setting is that the players are travelers through other dimensions, and they take forms appropriate to the worlds they find themselves in, along with new and different powers. 




 Kinda trying to run before you can crawl, arntcha? 




 Numenera/The Strange/Cypher system. It's my favorite system for running games, and is probably the crunchiest of the games that will make it into this thread (still a really light system, just not as light as others). 




 I have an MMA fighter/trainer friend who was working on a system exactly like you are talking about. It's really good, but I don't know if he'll ever finish it. I'll ask him if he has a current version of his rules that he's alright with being out on the web.

There aren't any super good martial arts games out there that don't go into the extremely abstract rules-lite style.  




 I would run it using The Strange, but that's me. They are even going to have some starship rules in Worlds Numberless and Strange (not out yet, but soon). 




 It was shortly after they released the reprint, any that weren't new were going for almost nothing. 




 The rules are plenty simple. It's also pretty simple to see this was a bad idea to make. It's *not* simple to make light of the massacre of innocent people. Or terrorism. 

You are genuinely making the world a worse place than you left it. Is that really who you want to be? The guy who takes his shittiness and hands it out to other people? I mean, I get it, you probably have a mental disorder, which is a symptom of the life you've had, but get some help. Not all therapists are very good, but a great one can do amazing things to help. Medications can be hit or miss, but there are a lot of different ones to try, and you might get lucky and have one work for you.

I know you probably don't want pity, because you're angry, but I feel bad for you. 




 If you are talking about a video game maker, you are in the wrong sub. 




 That high? Really? I remember when I was looking to sell mine and they were going for about $4 a piece. 

Are you not in USA? Cause that would explain a lot. 




 The Cypher System (Numenera/The Strange) have a nice system for this sort of thing. So does IKRPG.  




 "simple" 




 I'm thinking about combining it with [The Strange](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/129405/The-Strange-corebook), and having different players exist in different recursions. Eventually they'll be able to pull each other into their own world, but at first they'll only be able to travel there through "visiting". 




 I'm glad I'm not the only one with this idea. It's interesting to see it in Storyteller, as I'm not super familiar with that system. 




 I had a homebrew rules system that did something like what you are talking about. 

Everyone had 3 "hit points". You could soak damage point-for-point, or you could lose any and all remaining points to completely avoid an attack (as long as you had at least 1 to lose). By taking a round to "regroup" you could get them all back, but you had to be behind cover, or otherwise out of reach of your enemies (sometimes two melee people would just step back, and both take an action, it was cool as hell). I also allowed you to spend a point to add a die to a roll (it was a d6 system), as it represented pushing yourself to the limit. 




 I'm just being a smartass. It depends on the light around you, both sources of light and things that are reflecting light. You only gave two qualifiers, so it's hard to give you a real answer.  




 Does [this](http://static.ddmcdn.com/gif/storymaker-best-hubble-space-telescope-images-20094-514x268.jpg) answer your question? 




 I'm a huge fan of Fate. I just can't play it on its own, or with certain people.  




 You are kind of talking about two different things. 

Percentage health is a hit point system where everyone has 100 hit points.

Also, hit points are perfectly realistic if you stop thinking of them as physical damage done to the person. Hit points are an abstraction that represents dodging out of the way of attacks at the last second, scrapes, bumps, and even just energy level. You don't actually take *real* damage until you hit 0 hit points. Most games explain it this way, but it's glossed over. 

This means that any attack is potentially lethal, since it's about getting a person to go from 1 hp to 0 hp (or -1, or whatever for the system). 

If you just want a more lethal system, lower the number of hit points or don't have hit points increase with level, depending on the system.

I actually think the Star Wars d20 system handled this really well with its Vitality/Wound system. Stars Without Number is a good example of a normal hit point system that is pretty lethal. Fate is actually really good about this, changing the meaning of what damage is. IKRPG is a great lethal game with a better representation of the abstract nature of hit points. The Warhammer40k roleplay games do this pretty well. Numenera/The Strange does this well, and really gets the idea across that hit points =/= damage by letting you spend them to boost your actions. I've made a couple homebrew systems that do this really well too.

Oh, and RuneQuest (or BRP or whatever it's called) does it pretty well too.

Really the only game that sucks at this sort of of thing is D D 3 or 4, and only because hit points bloat to ridiculous levels really quickly. 




 I did the opposite. The players destroyed the world and when they rolled up new characters, I made them play in the destroyed world. 




