 They're stylized depictions, not necessary to be 100% proportionate. I think they look even better than in the anime. Less cartoony.
 




 I agree, I'm casually playing through ALBW right now and to be honest all it does it make me want to play the old GBC games. Seasons was always my favourite of the two. 

I can't say anything bad about ALBW (Although going in blind I thought it was going to be incredibly short until the Lorule world was revealed) but the Oracle games and even LA DX definitely have the nostalgia factor for me, and that's the main reason why I play Zelda so they win. Plus the puzzles were definitely more difficult back in the day. I replayed the Oracle games last summer and still constantly found myself looking up walkthroughs for puzzles. ALBW hasn't given me as much trouble so far...


 




 Lower amounts of DXM is just kinda like being stoned/drunk at the same time, not full blown disassociation  




 I know it was a parody but it still doesn't make punching him in the face seem any less appealing. 




 /r/neckbeardnests 




 Nice one man!
 




 Yeah there's usually at least a couple player summons before most boss areas. 




 yeah but Mike didn't finish college or go to law school. He got expelled for helping the Deans daughter cheat, fucked up his chance to go to Harvard the legit way.
 




 ahahahah holy shit i'm dying, that was too good!
 




 I stared at this for like 5 minutes before I figured out it was a photo. Looks like some weird ass computer game or something lol

edit: actually is it CG? I honestly can't fucking tell if it's CG or just has a fuck load of artefacts. [7]
 




 I always assumed it was set in the present, which would make Harvey 43 and Mike 34 according to the Suits Wiki. That doesn't seem right... I always placed Harvey in his mid to late 30's and Mike in his mid 20's.

However, the show has been on for 4 years (5 seasons) and obviously each season doesn't cover an entire year in their universe. According to the wiki, 2007 was the year that the Daniel Hardman embezzlement incident took place, and the current events take place 5 years after that, making it still 2012. This puts Harvey at 40, which seems reasonable I suppose (still imagined him younger, since he's portrayed as such a wunderkind), but Mike is still 31.

Am I missing something or does that seem too old? He never even made it to law school and undergrad/college prep is only like 4 years max, plus he got kicked out early. Are we supposed to believe he just kicked around as a bike messenger for 6~10 years before that one random encounter at a law office sparked his desire to "become something more than just a bike messenger" again? Sorry if this comes across as incoherent or my math is wrong, it's late lol.

*edit: just saw there's literally a question about their ages on the front page already lol. Still, I feel as though the ages seem off. Anybody agree?

 




 Aaaah those 90's breakbeat vibes given me the warm fuzziesss
 




 Stoked. Regis is king
 




 Paying attention to key or "energy" isn't too important with techno, especially if you key-lock. I used to religiously mix by key via Traktors' built in key detection, and it can help you clean your mixes up to an extent if you're just starting out or do lots of melodic stuff, but honestly in the long run I found it just limits creativity. 

I now just organize my music by genre, mood and sound. For example, I keep banger peak-hour big room tracks together, the groovy, more techy stuff together, the deep hypnotic afterhours stuff together, etc etc. That way depending on the crowd and the gig, I can easily just throw together a mix of stuff I know will work well together, without having a playlist completely set in stone.

edit: I'm also in the habit of weeding out my main playlists of "filler" tracks so that I don't end up relying on them too much for transitions. If you know two tracks work great together, chances are you've already played them in a mix so I try to avoid getting stale by sending overused tracks to purgatory. 


 
 




 I heard it
 




 It would be better if his soul count went up after the guy fell
 




 LOL 




 Game of thrones season 2, Assassins Creed brotherhood and my god damn sweater... 




 If this were University he'd be thrown out, if this were the real world he'd be sued, but since this is Youtube he gets away with it and that pisses me off. Regardless of how well made his videos are, all of the ground work is done for him and he doesn't even credit the sources for his blatantly ripped off material, yet still makes a livelihood from it. This kid can go fuck himself, seriously.
  




 /r/submechanophonia 




 betcha there's tons of spiders in those sheds. 




 I think she's almost become like a sister/family figure for him. So of course he loves her and he relies on her, but he has no qualms about fucking and developing feelings for other women. (like Scotty) 




 So predictable hahah
 




 NG+ LGK is a lot harder coz dat shield tho...
nah who am I kidding, still a relatively easy boss. 




 Soul Vessel if you really need to change things up, but just power through it until you've completed everything at least once. Shulva is definitely the easiest of the DLCs, and Sinh is a really fun fight once you get past all the shitty poison enemies and traps the level has to offer.
 




 Daamn
 




 Looking Glass Knight, formerly known as the Mirror Knight
 




 yikes mate, sorry...


 




 Alright I know this could have been posted in DarkSoulsPVP but this sub is a LOT more active so forgive me.

Basically I just want to know how fight clubs work. Is it just any dude who summons a bunch of blood/dragon pvpers on the bridge (or wherever the current popular spot is) or is there more to it?

I've inferred from my limited pvp experience and just browsing this sub that to wave and then bow when you're ready to duel is the polite way to initiate a friendly fight. Is this true or am I overthinking it?

I have summoned people on the bridge just to have them immediately return to their world so i'm a little bit confused as to what the etiquette is haha.

edit:typo
 




 Lud   Zallen fight was exhilarating, mostly because I knew if I lost I'd likely never make the trudge back to fight them again. Thankfully I got them first try.
 




 Almost impossible to choose between Velstadt and Sir Alonne for me. Both have the most interesting lore, fight areas and character designs to me. I like fighting monsters, but I like duelling honourable warriors even better.

*edit: Can't forget about LGK. Velstadt, LGK, and Alonne are my hombres.
 




 LOL so glad i'm not the only one who immediately saw the Yee face! 




 My fave is always when i'm invading and I lure them (via relentless mocking gestures) into an ambush or better yet off a cliff or something. Throne room in NG+ or the shakey bridge right before the Dragon Shrine are good spots to fuck with people
 




 Apple juice jokes aside, you done good mate. I learned from this post.
 




 It's sorta rude if you know the person, but the fact that they're strangers and it was pre-made make it totally understandable..

 




 Great looking setup, 3P is the way to go for productivity!
 




 Everlast Knight with maxed out Path of the Dragon for dat Ancient Dragon swag.
 




 Yeah I know, just more common to see the opposite like he said.
 




 You restart the play through if you die. Don't recommend unless you hate yourself.

 




 Still prefer those guys to the damn exploding mummies in 2 




 I think he's saying that generally Microsoft users last gen converted over to Sony this time around. 




 The Winnipeg drummers playing the march of a thousand farts..As is traditional for the royal family.

 




 the previous homeowners must have either been super narcissistic or super kinky 




 fine work! Definitely checking out the rest of this guys deviantart page. 




 That's fucking cool.
I'm jealous. 




 I knew a kid from Mexico named Jaguar Paw. To be fair his parents were ethnic Mayans or something but still... that's gotta be rough. 









 Wow I played this game like a year ago but I must have missed this. Nice find! While not a unique concept, I feel like this is still definitely an homage. The helmet even looks like the Heide Iron Mask from DaS2. 

Another platformer with a pretty obvious bonfire reference is [Shovel Knight.](http://ell.akamai.coub.com/get/bucket:12.21/p/coub/simple/cw_timeline_pic/31bddd53536/c717421fc6ab7d04de7c7/med_1405622170_image.jpg) It's not really an easter egg but the devs openly admit to loving Dark Souls so in my mind it's an homage.


 




 lol @ Lady of the Darkling... talks like Brienne of Tarth but looks like fucking Ginny Weasley  




 Is this real life? Looks amateur hour
 




 I just want a rainbow name!
 




 You've got a real Hannibal Lecter vibe going on there 




 Alva helm Heide mail Loyce everything else. All of the most baller metals.
 




 This is awesome. I love this.

I usually make all my friends start a new character on DaS1 when they come over. Usually they make it to the first asylum demon encounter (without a weapon) die a few times, and shove the controller into my hands...
 




 I love Fitzpatrick, I do... but Beck's live performances are just SO POWERFUL

 




 Not going :( i'm sure some of the sets will make it to podcast/soundcloud though
 




 goddamn Cologne Cathedral looks fucking amazing, I can never get over it
 




 I hope he gets better
 




 Some have titanic flying fire breathing lizards  




 classy chessboard
 




 Same story different game.
I should really dust off my Maschine...
 




 Boy do people ever love talking about why they love mechanical keyboards. 




 Black Iron or Elite Knight. In 2 it's Heides with Alva helm and loyce leggings 




 ...what....where does that even happen? Is this like a sketchy eastern European thing? wtf I can't even 




