 I'm back on the dating scene and had some what of a lack luster experience last night.  With as many stories as I have, I got to thinking.  I know I can't possible have the most interesting or or worse date experiences.  So let's hear it. 




 I had a feeling...  Throw a pot reference in the title = upvotes 




 Normally I think the 3D figures look a little weird, this one is spot on! 




 Thought 69....?

Edit:  I stand corrrected.  Learned something new today. 









 Yo Gina!  I heard you were dating some guy who looks like that bitch, Amy I went out with last winter! 




 Do it 




 I really don't think you need the springer seat, it's going to raise you up and you may feel less stable.  Plenty of old school bobber go straight rigid seats,  reference any indian larry bike 




 And this is why there is a  "No Mary Jane before a job" clause on the rule books 




 Just nod if you can hear me 




 I've been asked more than once, "why don't they have seat belts on motorcycles?"  Or, "They should put seat belts on motorcycles"  after a frustrated and let down sigh I always try to explain how that's the worst idea ever and why.  Now instead of explaining it, I'm just going to show them this picture. 




 Damn.  I seriously love the tank raises on the nightster.  Well done sir. 




 I thought maps were supposed to be green yellow and red? 




 I was just as worried about the heels on the vinyl seats 




 Wow, one of the first HD's I've seen in a little while that nails the bobber look to a T.  Congrats to your brother, very envious.

EDIT: Don't change a thing, it all looks great together. 




 Yes to the super glide (I believe superglide custom) but newer model year.  TBars, thunder header tail pipe, wind screen on the front  




 Bummer, gonna take down the post 




 Pretty cool, but what did I miss as far as "unexpected" goes? 




 I believe I Love Lucy did an episode about this, reference that 




 If you want to get really crazy look into the types of fats and research that.  There are monounsaturated fats, polyunsaturated fats, saturated fats, and Trans fats.

Mono: Good for you, plant fats, firm up in the fridge
Poly:Not too bad in small doses, stay fluid, think canola oil.
Saturated:Animal fats, try to avoid when you can
Trans:Chemically altered polyunsaturated fats to maintain nearly infinite shelf life.  Human body doesn't process.  Horrible for your health, avoid at all cost.  SUPER TASTY ex: crisco or any other shortening, shit inside of twinkies 




 2 years of culinary school and 8 years in kitchens and NOW is when none of my garlic puns come mind 




 Same here.  After we cleared the board I went back out, took the big red five fingered balloon off, retaped, regloved and went back to it 




 Make it into a ring, or stick it in a ring? 




 I know right.  I'm in 30's and love farting.  I may go get a blast at sonic just to Rev up the symphony tonight. 




 Try x/posting in /r/beards. They may appreciate this 




 My proudest was surviving taking my finger out on the meat slicer.  It was Saturday night and we had a little over 400 on the books and it was about as fine dinning as you get here in Dallas.  It was about 2/3 of the way through my shift.  I was on pastry and prep.  One of our Souxs yelled back to knock out ten plates of carpaccio on the meat slicer.  I bust them out, plate them up and take them to the hot line.  While cleaning I racked my middle finger right into the blade.  I split the tip of my middle finger open on one side down to the bone.  I yelled, and everybody knew what happen.  I yelled for our intern to grab duct tape, a trash can, some gloves and our chef.  I was in the hallway behind the restaurant when Chef Tre saw me wrapping up my finger in duct tape and told the GM not to send home since "Mike knows what he's doing"  I wrapped my finger in tape and two gloves taping them at the wrist and finished out my shift.  After I was done I went to the ER and got my 12 stitches.  When I came back to work a few days later Tre gave me a "dinner for 2" ticket to the restaurant for being a bad ass and sticking it out.

Tl;Dr: split my finger open on the meat slicer.  Taped and wrapped up. Finished my shift, got my stitches.  Stuck it out like a boss. 




 Craft beer knowledge or Archer trivia 




 It has been for a while.  It's for customers who are professionals such as contractors who shop in high quantities.  It gets them in and out quickly.  I'm actually all for it.  Moving that much in and out of trucks in the middle of the parking lot raises probability of other people'people's cars getting damaged (holy shit I'm starting to sound like my father) 




 Super creepy.  I remember when The ring came out these were popular.  Still weird as shit. 




 Would be a great x/post for /r/nonononoyes 




 Good.  I'd have to warn you that you'd be one of many she's screwing around on and sticking that giant scorpion tail into 




 It's really rude to make someone who was hurt so bad the butt of a joke 




 Your actually right, even after severe brain trauma neurons can randomly fire off and cause muscle spasms 




 Does she live in Mesa AZ? 




 Been there, the stitching on the seat of my first bike split, had to sit on bungled down oven mits for a week 




 Good deal, thank you for the info 




 My only question is can you use those credits earned to spend in ges you've already purchased.  I have a serious boom beach problem 




 Well played sir 




 Astrology finally makes sense to me.  After seeing Scorpio it describes my cheating ex fiance.  This image catches her soul perfectly.  Thank you reddit for clarification. 




 Have fun 




 Pumping 5 hard inches into Uma Thurman?  I'm game. 




 While there's a lot of buzz on this post about the pipes, there's buzz about reckless bikers and dangerous riding activity.  The post itself points it out by mentioning motorcyclists not wearing helmets.  Before people start bitch in about bikers who don't wear helmets, they need to notice that when a rider doesn't wear a helmet they only put their own well being at steak.  When someone drives distracted by choice by picking up their phone, they endanger themselves and everyone else.  It goes back to the old adage about not throwing stones in glass houses. 




 I can't even continue reading their comments.  Their ignorance and judgentalness is louder than most pipes. 




 So, I'm curious.  How many people on this thread complaining about "scumbag bikers" drive a car and talk/text/ or check ANYTHING on your cell phone while operating a vehicle of any kind.  Be honest with yourself before sounding off or pointing a finger. 




 Or in a cage on their cell phone 




 Me Too! 




 I'm just glad I finally have an erections that didn't involve homeless people. 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Me too! 




 Absolutely stunning 




 Wow you're good.  Not just just anyone can bring me to a climax in front of my mother. 




 Yes I know... it's this little thing called situational awareness  




 Holy crap, you are a genius amongst archer fans.  I never realized that 




 Triple dukes 














 Muchas gracias 




 Does anyone know who is in the red checkered shirt with blue hair? 




 Playing. Edie. Money 




 Or a great horrible movie 




 31 yo and Texan.  Growing up k-5 we had a flag in every room and said the pledge every morning.  I remember most mornings we also sang the star spangled banner, Texas our Texas, or the school fight song.  Jr High we said the pledge and had flags, I don't remember singing though.  In highschool we had flags, but I don't remember saying the pledge much.  I participated in Army JROTC all 4 years and we said it there, but I don't remember saying it in any other class.  The attack on Sept. 11th 2001 was my Senior year of HS.  We started saying the pledge in some classes after that once a week on fridays, but that was it.  I never once remember saying it in college and do not specifically remember flags in classrooms.. 




 I'm sure the go cart he drives to work has shit for acceleration but a great top. 




 I bet that dude has a great vertical leap, especially for his size! 




 DANGED.... OL'...   DISRESPECTFULL... MAN 




 I kept digging last night.  It's called The Slaughter  




 Danged ol'.. that's just wrong man, know'm  sayin.  Just dang ol' disrespectful, man.  Like flag burnin' l..  just no attention to detail man. 




 That's what I was looking for 




 No, smaller name, lower budget, was straight to dvd/on demand but fairly impressive and well done for what it was  




 The premise is a little to familiar but the movie itself was a lot of fun.  Came out recently in the mod-late 2000's.  Teenagers have to survive the night in a house but there's of coarse a curse that makes it difficult to survive.  The opening scene is in black and white and it's a bunch of witches dancing around a fire nude (of course).  The title of the film was only one word, possible had the word "The" I'm not including that.  Does anyone have any ideas what movoe I'm looking for?  It had an evil dead feel to it. 




 Which ep?  When Stevie gets awarded for politeness? 




 Want.... must...  have.... 




 Either one of you guys have done it?  If so pics?  I'd like to see the shape of the bike and how it changes 




 I just did actually last week, it's worth it though, just for the peace of mind.  I've had to replace a few of the motorsport plastic housings and got tires of it.  This go around yesterday was actually the water pump.  Took the thermostat housing off for easier access and to replace the hose that connects the two as well.

Edit.  Just for clarity it's an '06 4.0. Later this week I'm replacing all 4 shocks. 




 The Lemur got into the pudding cups again Sir. 









 So do you have head hunters that hunt tiny heads, or really really tiny head hunters that hunt normal heads? 




 Not to mention not stopping for a school bus 




 Worth it 




 Guy in the middle should have gone for the goat 




 If only he'd nut up and try for varsity  




 What are you talking about?  His butterfly stroke is on the ball. 




 That or he's really limited on pocket space and his wallet is poking out 




 I don't know man, I'm in the same boat.  Godzilla could be emerging from the pool and I wouldn't notice 




 You sir, deserve gold.  My only regret in life is that I have none to give. 




 ENHANCE 




 And the circle is complete 




 Maybe he just chose the meet as his moment to come out 




 I don't know,  tan lines is looking pretty good 




 You dont, it only kills you 




 And one old lady with a staticky sweater and it's "Oh the humanity!" 




 For such a creepy film why us this the only still that's ever seen on the internet? 




 And shots that are so washed out you can't really see what's going on 




 Could you imagine reading that when you're REALLY high? 




 Very cool departure from the norm on here 




 Constantly having to readjust, especially at the gym.  I have a constant fear that people think I'm just randomly touching myself.  But sitting down at the gym to stretch or lying down on a bench to press I have to lift and shift.  Even in a fresh pair boxer briefs, I still have to over stuff around when I sit in public. 




 Beautiful, good job 




 Upon starting a new manogamous relationship, require your SO and yourself get full STD checks, look at each others results and religiously use condoms.  If you remain faithful and an STD comes up, you'll know you're in the clear and the other was unfaithful. 




 Yeah.  Not my style but fits the lines and shape of the bike.  Post this and ask over on /r/easyriders see what they think better.  It's more of a custom focused reddit

Edit: typos 




 I'm surprised no one else has asked.  What do you ride?  Depends on your bike. 









 Hooray for small miracles 




 I don't think in this case it was really a choice 




 *Bill Cries* 




 Ooooo, maybe they cope with their horrible lives.  I would too if I lived with that Peggy Hill 




 Thank God I'm not the only one who noticed.  The scales are patterns pasted on and not well. 




 Your pedometer is an enabler 




 Good to know.  My ride is only at 133k and I've just installed the 4th one. 




 Where did you get the 6 pack fitness meal bag and can you post a pic? 




 Emma Fucking Watson.  Yes she is attractive.  Yes she is a good actress.  But when it comes down to it she's just another human being.  She has her faults.  Just like every other human being she has done something to hurt someone else or piss off someone.  Just because she was in Harry Potter doesn't mean she's an internet, gaming nerd who relates to us all.  She didn't volunteer for the role, she was a paid actress doing her job. 




 Found one on the interwebs thanks to /u/michalegraves6 




 Yes.  This time it was the drainage tube going downwards.  Wasn't just seeping it was a full on gush (phrasing)  This particular part, 2005-2010 are 3 separate plastic pieces pressed together and they ward under being heated and cooled off. 




