 You learn something new every day; what did you learn today?

What I put in the title.

Submit interesting and specific facts that **you** just found out 

I just found this out and I found it interesting and specific.

I've recently become more interested in the history surrounding Lincoln's assassination beyond John Wilkes Booth.  I read up on Surratt and, for whatever reason, I found this exchange at the end of her life interesting.  Sure, it's not for everybody but that applies to anything on here. 




 [Yeah.  You're mad.](http://i.giphy.com/kEKcOWl8RMLde.gif) 




 [You mad bro?](http://i.giphy.com/DK3fnYqONwKgo.gif)

You should ride your bike down to the convenience store, pick up a slurpee, and then go tell all your buds about how much karma you have.  They'll think you're **SO** cool! 




 Again, you're not as important as you think you are.  I'm sorry that nobody respects you in the real world but acting like an internet tough guy won't do much for you either.

And again, since you wanted to bring karma in as if it actually means anything, take at look at the upvotes received in this TIL.  Your opinion means nothing. 









 There is a butcher near me that, as of a couple of years ago anyway, carried kangaroo and I always meant to go back and give it a try.   




 You clearly don't understand what rule five means. 




 For someone that wants to point out the amount of karma they've racked up over 2.5 years, you oddly ignore the number of upvotes this TIL received.  Seems like you're in the minority who have an issue with it.  Or are at least in the crew that hasn't made it out of puberty yet and have all sorts of pent up teen angst.  

And my apologies but I can't post a TIL about it.  It would break rule three. 




 So what you're telling me is that since I was unable to actually be there to force you to read anything, you possess no self control or will power?  

Sounds about right.

 




 Relevant text:

Kangatarianism is a recent practice of following a diet which excludes meat except kangaroo on environmental and ethical grounds. Several Australian newspapers wrote about the neologism "kangatarianism" in February 2010, describing eating a vegetarian diet with the addition of kangaroo meat as a choice with environmental benefits because indigenous wild kangaroos require no extra land or water for farming and produce little methane (a greenhouse gas), unlike cattle. Advocates of kangatarianism also choose it because Australian kangaroos live natural lives, eat organic food, and are killed humanely. For similar reasons, Australians have discussed eating only the meat of Australian feral camels ("cameltarianism"). 









 Please tell me you're joking right now.   









 God dammit, get these fucking useless posts outta here!

Regardless of what your mom told you, you're not as important as you think you are. 




 Relevant text:

Shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Dogs for Defense was (DFD) was established. Word soon got out that the armed forces needed dogs. Thousands of patriotic pet owners across America responded by donating their pets for enlistment into the K-9 Corps. Little did a family from Pleasantville, NY know that their shepherd mix, Chips, would become the most decorated dog hero of World War II.

Spirited and quick to learn, Chips served bravely as a tank guard dog, traveling throughout Europe, Africa, and Italy with General Patton's Seventh Army.

On one occasion, Chips alerted to an impending ambush. Then, with a phone cable attached to his collar, Chips ran back to base, dodging gunfire so that the endangered platoon could establish a communications line and ask for the backup they so desperately needed.

Perhaps the event that most exemplifies his courage and devotion occurred early one morning on a beach in Sicily. As he and his handler proceeded up the beach, they came under fire from a disguised pillbox. Chips broke free from his handler and launched himself right into the pillbox. Moments later several bitten and surrendering Italian soldiers emerged, all shepherded by a very determined Chips.

Though wounded in the melee, Chips returned to duty that night, and alerted troops to an approaching group of Italians. This allowed his handler and squad time to capture all of them.

Chips was a true hero. He was awarded a Silver Star for valor, and a Purple Heart for his wounds. The newspapers heralded his exploits. Unfortunately, the press attracted the attention of the Commander of the Order of the Purple Heart. He complained to both President Roosevelt and the War Department, claiming that by so honoring Chips, they were demeaning all the men who have been awarded a Purple Heart. Chips' medals were taken away, and he was given an honorable discharge and returned to his family in Pleasantville. No military dog has received an official decoration since.

The debate surrounding the giving of metals to military dogs not only led to the denying of dogs the right to recognition for their efforts, but also paved the way for the military to classify them as "equipment" -- a classification that would cost them dearly. When the US pulled out of Vietnam, the military dogs were classified as "equipment" and left behind. Despite earnest efforts to bring the dogs home, the order to abandon them was firm. Over 4,000 dogs served in Vietnam, many sacrificing their lives. They saved thousands of American soldiers from death or injury. Stories vary as to what became of these valiant canines, but one thing is known to a certainty is that they shared all 24/7 with their handler. These dogs gave their full measure of devotion -- whatever the danger -- but they did not get to share the freedom of coming home.  









 They made tintypes of Mary, and he received one. As the story goes, the rope used to hang the conspirators was cut up and distributed to the members of the unit. We still have both of these items in our family. 

Wow that is amazing!  Nice pieces of history right there! 




 Relevant text:

Construction of the gallows for the hanging of the conspirators condemned to
death, among them Mary Surratt, began immediately on July 5 after the
execution order was signed. It was constructed in the south part of the
Arsenal courtyard, was 12 feet (3.7 m) high and about 20 square feet (1.9 m2)
in size. Captain Christian Rath, who oversaw the preparations for the
executions, made the nooses. Tired of making nooses and thinking that the
government would never hang a woman, he made Surratt's noose the night before
the execution with five loops rather than the regulation seven. He tested the
nooses that night by tying them to a tree limb and a bag of buckshot, then
tossing the bag to the ground (the ropes held). Civilian workers did not want
to dig the graves out of superstitious fear, so Rath asked for volunteers
among the soldiers at the Arsenal and received more help than he needed.

At noon on July 6, Surratt was informed she would be hanged the next day. She
wept profus She was joined by two Catholic priests (Jacob Walter and B.F.
Wiget) and her daughter Anna. Father Jacob remained with her almost until her
death. Her menstrual problems had worsened, and she was in such pain and
suffered from such severe cramps that the prison doctor gave her wine and
medication. She repeatedly asserted her innocence. She spent the night on her
mattress, weeping and moaning (in pain and grief), ministered to by the
priests. Anna left her mother's side at 8 A.M. on July 7, and went to the
White House to beg for her mother's life one last time. Her entreaty rejected,
she returned to the prison and her mother's cell at about 11 A.M. The soldiers
began testing the gallows about 11:25 A.M.; the sound of the tests unnerved
all the prisoners. Shortly before noon, Mary Surratt was taken from her cell
and then allowed to sit in a chair near the entrance to the courtyard. The
heat in the city that day was oppressive. By noon, it had already reached 92.3
F (33.5 C). The guards ordered all visitors to leave at 12:30 P.M. When she
was forced to part from her mother, Anna's hysterical screams of grief could
be heard throughout the prison.

Clampitt and Aiken had not finished trying to save their client, however. On
the morning of July 7, they asked a District of Columbia court for a writ of
habeas corpus, arguing that the military tribunal had no jurisdiction over
their client. The court issued the writ at 3 A.M., and it was served on
General Winfield Scott Hancock. Hancock was ordered to produce Surratt by 10
A.M. General Hancock sent an aide to General John F. Hartranft, who commanded
the Old Capitol Prison, ordering him not to admit any United States marshal
(as this would prevent the marshal from serving a similar writ on Hartranft).
President Johnson was informed that the court had issued the writ, and
promptly cancelled it at 11:30 A.M. under the authority granted to him by the
Habeas Corpus Suspension Act of 1863.  General Hancock and United States
Attorney General James Speed personally appeared in court and informed the
judge of the cancellation of the writ.

On July 7, 1865, at 1:15 P.M., a procession led by General Hartranft escorted
the four condemned prisoners through the courtyard and up the steps to the
gallows. Each prisoner's ankles and wrists were bound by manacles. Mary
Surratt led the way, wearing a black bombazine dress, black bonnet, and black
veil. More than 1,000 peopleincluding government officials, members of the
U.S. armed forces, friends and family of the accused, official witnesses, and
reporterswatched. General Hancock limited attendance to those who had a
ticket, and only those who had a good reason to be present were given a
ticket. (Most of those present were military officers and soldiers, as fewer
than 200 tickets had been printed.) Alexander Gardner, who had photographed
the body of Booth and taken portraits of several of the male conspirators
while they were imprisoned aboard naval ships, photographed the execution for
the government. Hartranft read the order for their execution. Surratt, either
weak from her illness or swooning in fear (perhaps both), had to be supported
by two soldiers and her priests. The condemned were seated in chairs, Surratt
almost collapsing into hers. She was seated to the right of the others, the
traditional "seat of honor" in an execution. White cloth was used to bind
their arms to their sides, and their ankles and thighs together. The cloths
around Surratt's legs were tied around her dress below the knees. Each person
was ministered to by a member of the clergy. From the scaffold, Powell said,
"Mrs. Surratt is innocent. She doesn't deserve to die with the rest of us".
Fathers Jacob and Wiget prayed over Mary Surratt, and held a crucifix to her
lips. About 16 minutes elapsed from the time the prisoners entered the
courtyard until they were ready for execution.

A white bag was placed over the head of each prisoner after the noose was put
in place. Surratt's bonnet was removed, and the noose put around her neck by a
Secret Service officer. She complained that the bindings about her arms hurt,
and the officer preparing said, "Well, it won't hurt long." Finally, the
prisoners were asked to stand and move forward a few feet to the nooses. The
chairs were removed. Mary Surratt's last words, spoken to a guard as he moved
her forward to the drop, were "Please don't let me fall."

Surratt and the others stood on the drop for about 10 seconds, and then
Captain Rath clapped his hands. Four soldiers of Company F of the 14th Veteran
Reserves knocked out the supports holding the drops in place, and the
condemned fell. Surratt, who had moved forward enough to barely step onto the
drop, lurched forward and slid partway down the dropher body snapping tight
at the end of the rope, swinging back and forth.Surratt's death appeared to be
the easiest. Atzerodt's stomach heaved once and his legs quivered, and then he
was still. Herold and Powell struggled for nearly five minutes, strangling to
death.  









 Relevant text:

 In 1989 the company produced a limited edition of beer (known in Sumerian as
sikaru) which they named Ninkasi after the Sumerian goddess of beer. It was
based on a scholarly reconstruction of an ancient Sumerian recipe known as the
"hymn to Ninkasi". The recipe started with a twice-baked bread known as bappir
as well as malt, and was sweetened with honey and dates. It did not include
hops or other bittering ingredients, so it was considerably sweeter than
modern beers. The recipe is described by Charlie Papazian. Also in 1989, the
brewing process for a batch of Steam was interrupted during the Loma Prieta
earthquake. The resulting (altered) brew was released as normal Anchor Steam,
but with an inverted label; this beer has come to be referred to as Earthquake
Beer.  









 Relevant text:

 So. With that in mind, here is a rough (and only partial) inventory of the
stuff mankind has left on the moon:

 more than 70 spacecraft, including rovers, modules, and crashed orbiters

  5 American flags

  2 golf balls

  12 pairs of boots

  TV cameras

  film magazines

  96 bags of urine, feces, and vomit

  numerous Hasselbad cameras and accessories

  several improvised javelins

  various hammers, tongs, rakes, and shovels

  backpacks

  insulating blankets

  utility towels

  used wet wipes

  personal hygiene kits

  empty packages of space food

  a photograph of Apollo 16 astronaut Charles Duke's family

  a feather from Baggin, the Air Force Academy's mascot falcon, used to
conduct Apollo 15's famous "hammer-feather drop" experiment

  a small aluminum sculpture, a tribute to the American and Soviet "fallen
astronauts" who died  in the space race -- left by the crew of Apollo 15

  a patch from the never-launched Apollo 1 mission, which ended prematurely
when flames engulfed the command module during a 1967 training exercise,
killing three U.S. astronauts

  a small silicon disk bearing goodwill messages from 73 world leaders, and
left on the moon by the crew of Apollo 11

  a silver pin, left by Apollo 12 astronaut Alan Bean

  a medal honoring Soviet cosmonauts Vladimir Komarov and Yuri Gagarin

  a cast golden olive branch left by the crew of Apollo 11  









 Relevant text:

 The great white shark came into existence during the mid-Miocene epoch. The
earliest known fossils of the great white shark are about 16 million years
old. However, the phylogeny of the great white is still in dispute. The
original hypothesis for the great white's origins is that it shares a common
ancestor with a prehistoric shark, such as the C. megalodon. C. megalodon had
teeth that were superficially not too dissimilar with those great white sharks
but its teeth were far larger. Although cartilaginous skeletons do not
fossilize, C. megalodon is estimated to have been considerably larger than the
great white shark, estimated at up to at least 17 m (56 ft) and 59,413 kg
(130,983 lb). Similarities among the physical remains and the extreme size of
both the great white and C. megalodon led many scientists to believe these
sharks were closely related, and the name Carcharodon megalodon was applied to
the latter. However, a new hypothesis proposes that the C. megalodon and the
great white are distant relatives (albeit sharing the family Lamnidae). The
great white is also more closely related to an ancient mako shark, Isurus
hastalis, than to the C. megalodon, a theory that seems to be supported with
the discovery of a complete set of jaws with 222 teeth and 45 vertebrae of the
extinct transitional species Carcharodon hubbelli in 1988 and published on 14
November 2012. In addition, the new hypothesis assigns C. megalodon to the
genus Carcharocles, which also comprises the other megatoothed sharks; Otodus
obliquus is the ancient representative of the extinct Carcharocles lineage.  









 Relevant text:

 In a further attempt to regain his wholesome image, Haim set up a
pre-recorded drug advice line for teens: 1800 C-O-R-E-Y. He admitted on The
Arsenio Hall Show that he was high while giving the advice.  

















































 Did you know of this story beforehand?  No?  Well guess what, you just learned about it.

Eat a bag of dicks. 




  Gonna lay low for a bit before I make some covert actions here

There are probably corporate spies here

Seriously? 




 It's certainly not easy.  [Here](https://tombguard.org/tomb-of-the-unknown-soldier/the-tomb-guard/) is something to check out on the selection/training/lifestyle if you're interested. 














 You think those guys in their late teens, before they died on foreign soil, cared about whether or not they'd be memorialized and respected after death? I doubt it.

I doubt it as well.  I believe that many people who have served in the military don't want a fuss made about them in any way/shape/form.  However, I also believe that those that have served, for the most part, have a very large respect for those that served before/with/after them and don't view them in the same way as they view themselves.

I bet they would've liked to have spent some time with family, ones they might have started, in a nice public place where their kids could break the serenity with laughter and childishness.

There are plenty of places to go and break serenity with laughter and childishness such as amusement parks and playgrounds.  If anybody willingly goes to a place such as a memorial of their own free will, they should respect it and why it's there in the first place.  To honor, respect, and pay homage.  

I'd like to think they'd want us to enjoy life, and not be so goddamn serious all the time.

Yep, they do.  Use some common sense and have some decency though.

 




 Relevant text:

Many children dream of being superheroes and saving those in need of help. Eleven-year-old Liang Yaoyi from South China's Guangdong Province was actually able to make an incredible difference and be a hero for others. He had been fighting brain cancer since he was 9, and surgeries and treatments were not able to eliminate the tumor. 

As he neared the end, he revealed to his mother that he wanted her to donate his organs so that he could save the lives of other children. It was likely that he had read about tissue donation at school, through one story about bone marrow donations to treat leukemia and another titled, Immortal Eyes.

I have seen many people doing good deeds and I think they are great. I want to be a great child too, he reportedly told his mother. 









 Relevant text:

The Ford Mustang was brought out five months before the normal start of the 1965 production year. The earliest versions are often referred to as 1964 models, but VIN coded by Ford and titled as 1965 models, though minor design updates for fall 1965 contribute to tracking 1964 production data separately from 1965 data (see data below). with production beginning in Dearborn, Michigan on March 9, 1964;[10] the new car was introduced to the public on April 17, 1964 at the New York World's Fair.

Executive stylist John Najjar, who was a fan of the World War II P-51 Mustang fighter plane, is credited by Ford to have suggested the name. Najjar co-designed the first prototype of the Ford Mustang known as Ford Mustang I in 1961, working jointly with fellow Ford stylist Philip T. Clark. The Mustang I made its formal debut at the United States Grand Prix in Watkins Glen, New York on October 7, 1962, where test driver and contemporary Formula One race driver Dan Gurney lapped the track in a demonstration using the second "race" prototype. His lap times were only slightly off the pace of the F1 race cars.

An alternative view was that Robert J. Eggert, Ford Division market research manager, first suggested the Mustang name. Eggert, a breeder of quarterhorses, received a birthday present from his wife of the book, The Mustangs by J. Frank Dobie in 1960. Later, the book's title gave him the idea of adding the "Mustang" name for Ford's new concept car. The designer preferred Cougar or Torino (and an advertising campaign using the Torino name was actually prepared), while Henry Ford II wanted T-bird II. As the person responsible for Ford's research on potential names, Eggert added "Mustang" to the list to be tested by focus groups; Mustang, by a wide margin, came out on top under the heading: "Suitability as Name for the Special Car." The name could not be used in Germany, however, because it was owned by Krupp, which had manufactured trucks between 1951 and 1964 with the name Mustang. Ford refused to buy the name for about US$10,000 from Krupp at the time. Kreidler, a manufacturer of mopeds, also used the name, so Mustang was sold in Germany as the "T-5" until December 1978.

Mustangs grew larger and heavier with each model year until, in response to the 19711973 models, Ford returned the car to its original size and concept for 1974. It has since seen several platform generations and designs. Although some other pony cars have seen a revival, the Mustang is the only original pony car to remain in uninterrupted production over five decades of development and revision. 









 Relevant text:

In 1993, Jack in the Box suffered a major corporate crisis involving E. coli O157:H7 bacteria. Four children died of hemolytic uremic syndrome and 600 others were reported sick after eating undercooked patties contaminated with fecal material containing the bacteria at a location in Tacoma, Washington and other parts of the Pacific Northwest. The chain was faced with several lawsuits, each of which was quickly settled (but left the chain nearly bankrupt and losing customers). At the time, Washington state law required that hamburgers be cooked to an internal temperature of at least 155 F (68 C), the temperature necessary to kill E. coli bacteria, although the FDA requirement at that time was only 140 F (60 C), which was the temperature Jack in the Box cooked. After the incident, Jack in the Box mandated that in all nationwide locations, their hamburgers be cooked to at least 155 F (68 C). Additionally, all meat products produced in the United States are required to comply with HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points) regulations. Every company that produces meat products is required to have a HACCP plan that is followed continuously. Jack in the Box also worked with food safety experts from manufacturing companies and created a comprehensive program to test for bacteria in every food product. 



















 Or ass hair. 




 Relevant text:

Joseph Michael "Joe Cargo" Valachi (September 22, 1903  April 3, 1971), Italian American, also known as "Charles Charbano" and "Anthony Sorge" was the first Mafia member to publicly acknowledge the existence of the Mafia.

In October 1963, Valachi testified before Arkansas Senator John L. McClellan's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations that the Mafia did exist.

Valachi's motivations for becoming an informer have been the subject of some debate. Valachi claimed to be testifying as a public service and to expose a powerful criminal organization that he blamed for ruining his life, but it is also possible he was hoping for government protection as part of a plea bargain in which he was sentenced to life imprisonment and avoiding the death penalty for a murder which he committed in prison on June 22, 1962. While in prison, Valachi feared that mob boss Vito Genovese had ordered his death as a traitor. Using a pipe left near some construction work, he bludgeoned to death an inmate whom he mistook for Joseph DiPalermo, a Mafia member he believed was commissioned to kill him. (Valachi and Genovese were both serving sentences for heroin trafficking.) After time with FBI handlers, Valachi came forward with a story of Genovese giving him a kiss on the cheek, which he took as a "kiss of death".

When Joseph Valachi decided to cooperate with the Justice Department, attorney William G. Hundley became the mobster's protector. "We'd put dark glasses and wigs on him and take him to the Roma restaurant. He was a hell of a guy. . . . My days with Valachi convinced me that the Cosa Nostra was the most overrated thing since the Communist Party."

Although Valachi's disclosures never led directly to the prosecution of many Mafia leaders, he was able to provide many details of its history, operations and rituals, aiding in the solution of several unsolved murders, as well as naming many members and the major crime families. His testimony, which was broadcast on radio and television and published in newspapers, was devastating for the mob, still reeling from the November 14, 1957 Apalachin Meeting, where state police had accidentally discovered several Mafia bosses from all over the United States meeting at the Apalachin home of mobster Joseph Barbara. Following Valachi's testimony, the mob was no longer invisible to the public.

After the U.S. Department of Justice first encouraged and then blocked publication of Valachi's memoirs, a biography heavily influenced by those memoirs and by interviews with Valachi was written by journalist Peter Maas and published in 1968 as The Valachi Papers, forming the basis for a later movie of the same title starring Charles Bronson in the title role. 














 Oh they still are today.  Every day during the warmer months you can find tourists at the WWII Memorial sitting down putting their feet into the water.  Nevermind the signs around the water telling people not to do so because, well, it's a **MEMORIAL** and is disrespectful. 









 Relevant text:

Conflicts between subgroups of Amish have resulted in instances of "beard cutting" attacks on members of the Amish community. Due to the cloistered nature of Amish lifestyle, they are often reluctant to bring complaints to local police who describe the attacks as "very rare". In September 2012, a group of 16 Amish men and women from Bergholz, Ohio, were convicted on Federal hate-crime and conspiracy charges, including Samuel Mullet Sr., who did not participate in the five hair- and beard-cutting attacks but was tried as the leader of the campaign. Initially Samuel Mullet Sr. was sentenced to 15 years in prison on February 8, 2013, with fifteen others receiving lighter sentences ranging from one year and one day to seven years; after these convictions were overturned in August 2014 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, these sentences were reduced in March 2015. 














 I want attention?! 

**YES**

How many years will this be reposted for? 









 I'll let you know when I post so you can go run a query to see when it was last posted and announce it to reddit so you can acquire that attention you so badly desire.
 




 Relevant text:

A civilian guard was first posted at the Tomb on November 17, 1925, to prevent, among other things, families from picnicking on the flat marble slab with views of the city. A military guard was first posted on March 25, 1926. The first 24-hour guard was posted on midnight, July 2, 1937. The Tomb of the Unknowns has been guarded continuously, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, since that time. Inclement weather, terrorist attacks, et cetera, do not cause the watch to cease.

Since 1948, the Tomb Guards, a special platoon within the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard) work on a team rotation of 24 hours on, 24 hours off, for five days, taking the following four days off. A guard takes an average of six hours to prepare his uniform  heavy wool, regardless of the time of year  for the next day's work. In addition to preparing the uniform, guards also conduct physical training, Tomb Guard training, participate in field exercises, cut their hair before the next work day, and at times are involved in regimental functions as well. Tomb Guards are required to memorize 17 pages of information about Arlington National Cemetery and the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, including the locations of nearly 300 graves and who is buried in each one.

A special Army decoration, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Guard Identification Badge is authorized for wear after passing a detailed test of 100 questions (from a pool of more than 300), a uniform test with two gigs (errors) or fewer (measured to the 1/64"), and a test on the guard changing sequence. After serving honorably for a period of nine months, and having passed the sequence of tests, a Tomb Guard is permanently awarded the Badge. Since the first award on February 7, 1958, fewer than 700 soldiers have completed training and been awarded this Badge, including three women. A small number of Tomb Guard Identification Badges have also been retroactively awarded to soldiers who served as Guards before 1959. Those numbers make the Badge the second rarest award currently issued in the United States Army; only the Army Astronaut Badge is rarer.

The badge was designed in 1956 and first issued to members of the Honor Guard at the Tomb of the Unknowns on February 7, 1958. The badge was first issued only as a temporary wear item, meaning the soldiers could only wear the badge during their tenure as members of the Honor Guard. Upon leaving the duty, the badge was returned and reissued to incoming soldiers. In 1963, a regulation was enacted that allowed the badge to be worn as a permanent part of the military uniform, even after the soldier's completion of duty at the Tomb of the Unknowns. 









 I said it was a repost before I did the search

You've been here for two months.  The "repost" you found was from two years ago.

and it's common knowledge

According to who?

Don't be mad at me because you post old shit.

I don't get mad at unknown internet users.  Nor did I post this.  

I don't care if it's new to you, it's old as fuck. 

This probably isn't the subreddit for you then.  Try /r/news. 




 Relevant text:

To restore his family's income, Grant wrote several articles on his Civil War campaigns for The Century Magazine at $500 each. The articles were well received by critics, and the editor, Robert Underwood Johnson, suggested that Grant write a book of memoirs, as Sherman and others had done. Grant's articles would serve as the basis for several chapters.

In the summer of 1884, Grant complained of a soreness in his throat, but put off seeing a doctor until late October where he finally learned it was throat cancer. Before being diagnosed, Grant was invited to a Methodist service for Civil War veterans in Ocean Grove, New Jersey, on August 4, 1884, receiving a standing ovation from more than ten thousand veterans and others; it would be his last public appearance. In March of the following year, the New York Times finally announced that Grant was dying of cancer and a nationwide public concern for the former president began. Later, Grant, who had forfeited his military pension when he assumed the presidency, was honored by his friends and the Congress when he was restored to the rank of General of the Army with full retirement pay.

Despite his debilitating illness, Grant worked diligently on his memoirs at his home in New York City, and then from a cottage on the slopes of Mount McGregor, finishing only days before he died. Grant asked his former staff officer, Adam Badeau, to help edit his work. Grant's son Fred assisted with references and proofreading. Century magazine offered Grant a book contract with a 10 percent royalty, but Grant accepted a better offer from his friend, Mark Twain, who proposed a 75 percent royalty. His memoir ends with the Civil War, and does not cover the post-war years, including his presidency.

The book, Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant, was a critical and commercial success. In the end, Julia Grant received about $450,000 in royalties. The memoir has been highly regarded by the public, military historians, and literary critics. Grant portrayed himself in the persona of the honorable Western hero, whose strength lies in his honesty and straightforwardness. He candidly depicted his battles against both the Confederates and internal army foes. Twain called the Memoirs a "literary masterpiece." Given over a century of favorable literary analysis, reviewer Mark Perry states that the Memoirs are "the most significant work" of American non-fiction. 









 Wow.  [Bet you're patting yourself on the back for that one.](http://i.giphy.com/9Q249Qsl5cfLi.gif)  Actually doing a search to see if something was posted before and finding it had been posted two years ago.  Thank the lord almighty that reddit has users such as yourself.

/s 


































 How many years

You've been here for two months. 



















 Well aren't you Captain Entitled.  




 You mean the same thing I posted in the relevant text already because the titles only allow for 300 characters?  Do you read anymore?  Go fist yourself.  




 No, it's right there in the relevant/supporting text. Couldn't fit everything in title due to character limit.  




 ten dollar **fine**

See that word at the end? 




 The **fine** was only $10.  The other items were court fees and a bond that was the result of his conviction.   




 Correct, but the fine itself was $10.  The rest of the money wasn't considered a fine. 



















 He never puts his own money at risk. 

The thing that worries me then is, what would he do with **OUR** money? 




 I think it's a common pattern in the US to treat a symptom instead of the root issues

I agree.  It's a way of saying "Look!  We did something!" and then life can resume as normal.  These little band aids are usually the easy answer because to tackle the real problem is a whole different ballgame.   




 Thank you South Carolina for taking an awful experience and turning it into something positive and remarkable.

Here's the issue I have with the whole thing.  The topic of the flag seems to have completed overshadowed the shooting itself.  The shooting seems to be a page five story at this point.  While the flag is no longer raised on capitol grounds, this is merely a symbolic gesture.  Racism is still alive and kicking.  Removing the flag did nothing to deter that.  I feel like this was what some consider to be a "quick fix" in response to the shooting, that didn't actually "fix" anything.   




 For his sake I sure as hell hope so.  To go through life without a peanut butter cookie?  What's to live for?! 




 Relevant text:

According to the 1978 special Christmas Eve on Sesame Street, Cookie Monster is allergic to peanut butter cookies and hazelnut cookies. 









 My conspiracy theory is that he still identifies as a Democrat as he did from 2001-2009 and is attempting to sabotage the GOP image even further than it is. 




 No kidding.  I'm wondering why his near bankruptcies in the past don't ever come up.   




 This is the fallback of reddit vegans, pull out the comparisons to rape and/or slavery.  What this actually does is tell many that they are unable to have a discussion about veganism on its own merits and have to jump out into left field to try and make a point that they continue to fail at. 




 Relevant text:

One day early in May 1830, four men armed with scissors and razors attacked Palmer outside a Fitchburg hotel and attempted to shave him. Palmer successfully fended off his attackers. He was even able to use his jackknife to wound the legs of two of his assailants. Charged with "unprovoked assault," Palmer was arraigned a few days later before Judge David Brigham and fined. Palmer refused to pay the ten dollar fine, nearly forty dollars in court fees, and a seven hundred dollar bond that resulted from his conviction for the crime of defending himself. Palmer was thrown into the Worcester County Jail and kept there for more than a year for refusing to pay the fine. Palmer kept a detailed journal of his fifteen months in the jail; the original is preserved in the archive at Fruitlands Museum. His prison diary records the words and actions of his often sadistic jailers, the experiences of his fellow prisoners, and his own steadfastness in resisting the efforts of the state and society to break him of his unconventional habits and opinions. Palmer's term in jail was extremely unpleasant at times. He was dangerously sick during his first few weeks behind bars. Later, he was beaten several times by the jailers, nearly starved for days at a time, placed in solitary confinement for several months, and physically threatened by other prisoners who tried to cut off his beard. But Palmer made life nearly as difficult for the officials who were keeping him in the jail as they made it for him. To Calvin Willard, Sheriff of Worcester County, he sent a constant stream of letters, complaining of the poor conditions in the jail. One time, to prove to the sheriff how little food he was receiving, he sent Willard a package containing every morsel of food the jailers had given him in one day. For such acts, his jail keepers, especially Hosea Bellows and Dorance Wilder, treated Palmer even worse. On September 22, 1830, after a little more than four months in prison, Palmer exploded in distress and fury at the treatment he and his follow prisoners were receiving. He paid for his outburst by spending the next three months in solitary confinement.

Throughout his imprisonment, Palmer insisted that he was innocent and that to pay a fine, even only ten dollars, would equate to admitting his own guilt. Palmers case became something of an embarrassment to county authorities, who realized that his jail term was far exceeding his "crime," and they sent several committees to the jail to convince him to leave. They offered to waive the seven hundred dollar bond, if he would only pay the fine and court fees. Palmer told one of the committees, "If I aint [sic] a safe person to have my Liberty I ought not to go out. And I am willing to stay in confinement til [sic] I am." It was not until David Brigham, the judge who had originally fined Palmer, came to the Worcester prison and begged Palmer to relent. Brigham also carried a letter from Palmer's mother, a woman well into her eighties, pleading with him to come home. On August 31, 1831, after more than fifteen months in prison, Palmer paid his fine and left the jail. Palmer publicized his case by writing letters from jail that were widely published after first appearing in the Worcester Spy. When he later visited Boston in 1840, crowds on the street mocked him.

**EDIT**: Check out his [gravestone](http://www.slate.com/blogs/atlas_obscura/2015/04/16/joseph_palmer_beard_warrior_is_buried_beneath_a_headstone_that_shows_off.html). 









 Relevant text:

Lieutenant Colonel William Henry Rankin (October 16, 1920  July 6, 2009) was the only known person to survive a fall from the top of a cumulonimbus thunderstorm cloud. He was a pilot in the United States Marine Corps and a World War II and Korean War veteran. He was flying an F-8 jet fighter over a cumulonimbus cloud when the engine failed, forcing him to eject and parachute into the cloud. Lieutenant Colonel Rankin wrote a book about his experience, The Man Who Rode the Thunder.  









 Relevant text:

Although melanoma is not a new disease, evidence for its occurrence in antiquity is rather scarce. However, one example lies in a 1960s examination of nine Peruvian mummies, radiocarbon dated to be approximately 2400 years old, which showed apparent signs of melanoma: melanotic masses in the skin and diffuse metastases to the bones. 


































 First in TIL since [February 26th](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=john+tyler sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all).   














 Relevant text:

Development of what was to become the iPhone began in 2004, when Apple started to gather a team of 1000 employees to work on the highly confidential "Project Purple", including Jonathan Ive, the designer behind the iMac and iPod. Apple CEO Steve Jobs steered the original focus away from a tablet, like the iPad, and towards a phone. Apple created the device during a secretive collaboration with AT T MobilityCingular Wireless at the timeat an estimated development cost of US$150 million over thirty months. 









 Relevant text:

Queen had been working on the song under the title "Feel Like" but were not yet satisfied with the result.[9][10] David Bowie had originally come to Mountain Studios in order to sing backing vocals on another Queen song, "Cool Cat", which would end up being edited since he was not satisfied with it. Editing it out meant it delayed the release of the album by weeks as it was meant to be released only a day after Bowie was not satisfied. Once he got there, they worked together for a while and wrote the song.The final version that became "Under Pressure" evolved from a jam session that Bowie had with the band at Queen's studio in Montreux, Switzerland; therefore it was credited as co-written by the five musicians. The scat singing that dominates much of the song is evidence of the jam-beginnings as improvisation. According to Queen bassist John Deacon (as quoted in a French magazine in 1984), however, the song's primary or main musical songwriter was Freddie Mercury  though all contributed to the arrangement. Brian May recalled to Mojo magazine in October 2008 that, "It was hard, because you had four very precocious boys and David, who was precocious enough for all of us. David took over the song lyrically. Looking back, it's a great song but it should have been mixed differently. Freddie and David had a fierce battle over that. It's a significant song because of David and its lyrical content." The earlier, embryonic version of the song without Bowie, "Feel Like", is widely available in bootleg form, and was written by Queen drummer Roger Taylor.

There has been some confusion about who created the song's bassline. John Deacon said (in Japanese magazine Musiclife in 1982, and in the previously mentioned French magazine) that David Bowie had created it. In more recent interviews, Brian May and Roger Taylor have credited the bass riff to Deacon. Bowie, on his website, said that the bassline was already written before he became involved. Roger Taylor, in an interview for the BBC documentary Queen: the Days of Our Lives, stated that Deacon had indeed created the bassline, stating that all through the sessions in the studio he had been playing the riff over and over; he also claims that when the band returned from dinner Deacon had, amusingly, forgotten the riff, but fortunately Taylor was still able to remember it. 









 Relevant text:

Green was born into slavery on March 4, 1834 near Mount Sterling in Montgomery County, Kentucky. She was hired in 1890 by the R.T. Davis Milling Company in St. Joseph, Missouri, to represent "Aunt Jemima", an advertising character named after a song from a minstrel show. Davis Milling had recently acquired the formula to a ready-mixed, self-rising pancake flour from St. Joseph Gazette editor Chris L. Rutt and Charles Underwood and were looking to employ an African-American woman as a Mammy archetype to promote their new product. In 1893 Green was introduced as Aunt Jemima at the World's Columbian Exposition held in Chicago, where it was her job to operate a pancake-cooking display. Her amicable personality and talent as a cook for the Walker family, whose children grew up to become Chicago Circuit Judge Charles M. Walker and Dr. Samuel Walker. helped establish a successful showing of the product, for which she received a medal and certificate from the Expo officials. After the Expo, Green was offered a lifetime contract to adopt the Aunt Jemima moniker and promote the pancake mix. This marked the beginning of a major promotional push by the company that included thousands of personal appearances and Aunt Jemima merchandising. Nancy Green maintained her job with Davis Milling (which was renamed Aunt Jemima Mills Company in 1914) until her death in 1923, she was still working as Aunt Jemima at the time. A lawsuit claims that Nancy Green's heirs as well as other heirs from the other women used as Aunt Jemima models deserve $2 billion and a share of future revenue from the sales of popular demand. The federal lawsuit was filed in Chicago by another model (Anna Short Harrington) grandsons who claim that she and Green were the roots in creating the recipe for the nation's first self- proclaimed pancaked mix. It also states that Green was the originator and came up with the idea of adding powdered milk for extra flavor in the pancakes. Quaker Oats, who is the current owner of the brand, says this image of Aunt Jemima was in fact fake and never real claiming that there are no trace of contracts between the women who displayed as Aunt Jemima models and their bosses. 









 Relevant text:

Waffle House provides reservation, candlelight service on Valentine's Day beginning in 2008 with one restaurant in Johns Creek, Georgia, and growing into over 30 in 2009. 









 And amazingly enough when he posted this, the "brand new user" that he is, his up votes took off while everything else on the new page had their downvote totals take off.  Coincidence?  Doubtful. 




 Relevant text:

In 2003, an Australian coal miner amputated his own arm with a Stanley knife after it became trapped when the front-end loader he was driving overturned three kilometers underground. The amputation proved to be unnecessary as emergency services arrived and recovered the trapped arm, but were unable to reattach it. 









 Relevant text:

After a brief slump, Mantle was sent down to the Yankees' top farm team, the Kansas City Blues. However, he was not able to find the power he once had in the lower minors. Out of frustration, he called his father one day and told him, "I don't think I can play baseball anymore." Mutt drove up to Kansas City that day. When he arrived, he started packing his son's clothes and, according to Mantle's memory, said "I thought I raised a man. I see I raised a coward instead. You can come back to Oklahoma and work the mines with me." Mantle immediately broke out of his slump, going on to hit .361 with 11 homers and 50 RBIs during his stay in Kansas City. 










































































 Seeing as you apparently post this everywhere, go spam your bullshit where people without a life give a damn.  




 Calling /u/Trolling_4_Eva......

Oh

Nevermind. 




 Well, yeah, no kidding.  However reddiquette covers that though.  




 He quoted the article that the OP already linked to. Unless you didn't read the article then it shouldn't be anything new.  




 Thing is though, there is no rule against reposts.  




 You are aware that people submitting to /r/todayilearned have a 300 character limit to work with right? 




 In other words, not adding to the discussion.  




 Relevant text:

Article 11 has been a point of contention in popular culture disputes on the doctrine of separation of church and state as it applies to the founding principles of the United States. Some religious spokesmen claim thatdespite unanimous ratification by the U.S. Senate in Englishthe text which appears as Article 11 in the English translation does not appear in the Arabic text of the treaty. Some historians, secular and religious, have argued that the phrase specifically refers to the government and not the culture, that it only speaks of the founding and not what America became or might become, and that many Founding Fathers and newspapers described America as a Christian nation during the early Republic.

**Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquility, of Mussulmen [Muslims]; and as the said States never entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mahometan [Muslim] nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.**

According to Frank Lambert, Professor of History at Purdue University, the assurances in Article 11 were "intended to allay the fears of the Muslim state by insisting that religion would not govern how the treaty was interpreted and enforced. John Adams and the Senate made clear that the pact was between two sovereign states, not between two religious powers." Lambert writes,

"By their actions, the Founding Fathers made clear that their primary concern was religious freedom, not the advancement of a state religion. Individuals, not the government, would define religious faith and practice in the United States. Thus the Founders ensured that in no official sense would America be a Christian Republic. Ten years after the Constitutional Convention ended its work, the country assured the world that the United States was a secular state, and that its negotiations would adhere to the rule of law, not the dictates of the Christian faith. The assurances were contained in the Treaty of Tripoli of 1797 and were intended to allay the fears of the Muslim state by insisting that religion would not govern how the treaty was interpreted and enforced. John Adams and the Senate made clear that the pact was between two sovereign states, not between two religious powers.

The treaty was printed in the Philadelphia Gazette and two New York papers, with only scant public dissent, most notably from William Cobbett.
 









 [Cool story](http://i.giphy.com/LVIbmaUwpRJ1C.gif) 




 About what?   If it was something a little more original/imaginative I would address. 




 Just during breaks while packing for a move tomorrow.  




 is a coward 

Says the anonymous internet user 




 Yes. Carry on the fight by signing an online petition that means nothing.  




 Whoopty doo.  




 Whoopty doo 




 You brag about this at recess don't you? 




 You brag about this at recess don't you? 




 You brag about this at recess don't you? 




 Get a life.  




 My guess is either one of two things:

1) Because they feel a comment/post warrants a gold.

2) Out of spite because all of the anti-Pao threads/posts are annoying as hell and the majority of reddit likely does not care one way or the other because they've gotten past the "fight the man" stage of puberty. 




 Or they realize that the number of redditors who actually give a damn and are acting like children is far less than the crying babies here think it is so they don't need to make one.  Seriously, you all are some of the biggest crybabies who feel entitled to whatever you want that I've ever seen. 




 Send me your mailing address.  I'll send you a few bucks so you can go buy a life. 




 I'm usually left wondering one of three things.

1) Are they acting like this simply because they are following the hivemind?

2) Does reddit **actually** play that much of an important role in their life?

3) Did they always possess this sense of entitlement or is it a recent occurrance? 




 I can handle it.  




 As the sun will continue to rise everyday, reddit will still carry on. 




 Bullshit 




 The whining "down with Pao" babies 




 If anybody else posted something about another topic, starting off with "I can't tell you who I am, how I know this, who my sources are, etc etc etc" they'd be called out within 2 seconds for being full of shit.  Because of the topic though, people will buy right into it. 




 All the Ellen Pao posts/threads have already turned me off from "the cause."  Likely turns off more people than you know.  




 By making anti-Ellen Pao posts on reddit. Then I feel wanted.  




 worse at reddit than Ellen pao

Such a rebellious and edgy thing to say. /s 




 No I don't.  I'm glad you completely missed the point of anything I was saying. 




 People who know how the world works: News Evolves 




 Why is it such a big deal if a company lays off some people?  Happens all the time. 




 People that are still riding the "Down with Ellen Pao" train should have their pictures submitted to /r/punchablefaces. 




 Like he said, it's impossible to provide proof that something will not happen in the future.  Especially when what we're talking about is human behavior.

And yes, I'm an analyst in the real world and know about sources.  They can help provide an analytical assessment and that is all.  That is not proof that something will/will not happen. 




 I cannot provide sources on something that will happen in the future

Where the hell did you pull this from?  Not the same as what he actually said:

I cannot provide proof that something will not happen in the future.

Seriously if you have to put words into someone's mouth to make a point, you've completely discredited yourself. 




 Surely you're not going to seriously attempt that approach. 

It is a piece of cloth though.  Humans are the ones giving this symbol the meaning.  Take the flag away and guess what?  The ideology is still there anyway.  The flag is a simplistic issue that makes people believe they are actually accomplishing something when they are not. 




 You really shouldn't be calling people names.  The fact that you couldn't just make your "point" and wanted to tap dance around the issue just makes you look like a coward.

But hey, if being a coward and never getting to the heart of a matter is "working out well for you," then enjoy living in your bubble. 




 No I don't.  They are two completely different topics.  I'm not sure what world you live in, but not everything is exactly the same.  If that's your stretch for what you're talking about, you're well off base.

Granted, you had a hard enough time just getting to the damn point and tried to tap dance around it so I shouldn't be surprised. 




 Which are? 




 Good question. And I don't know.  




 Hell if I know. However, symbols have no meaning without the ideology. The ideology is what gives the power, not the symbol.  




 Actually no, not an alt. just another person who can see through your crap and that you don't have a point.  




 You didn't provide crap.  You tap danced around getting to the damn point.  Meaning what?  Likely that you don't even know what you were trying to say/do or that you just don't have a point in the first place.

If you have a point, put it out there and say what it is. 




