




 ba dum tsh 





























 Man, I thought this skit was lame as hell. Literally just a bunch of catchphrases and terrible impressions, I cringed all the way through it. 




 I'm a substitute teacher. I came in thinking that I'd be totally cool about the bathroom thing; I know what a big deal it is. I have adult friends who still carry grudges about this issue. Not that they ever had accidents mind you, but it's the principle of the thing: isn't it crazy that we're socialized by an institution that doesn't even trust us to make our own bathroom choices? I just want everyone to be happy and learn--I will be different.

My first week, a kid asks to go to the bathroom right away, and I say yes. So proud of myself, too--these kids are never trusted with this basic responsibility, and I will prove to them that I respect them as people and this will be a wonderful day.

Then another kid asks, and I hesitate for a moment--we already have somebody in there, can you wait? No, she says, it's an emergency. "I trust you, go ahead" I say, because if I make it clear that this is a matter of trust, then they wouldn't possibly take advantage of that, would they?

More emergencies begin to pop up. I know that they can't all be telling the truth, but where do I draw the line? The last thing I want to be is arbitrary about the bathroom; my principles demand a consistent standard. "I trust you," I tell a dozen little middle schoolers. "I trust you all."

Five, ten, twenty minutes go by and half my class is unaccounted for. I'm responsible for them, and they've vanished. Truth is, once they're out the door, they can go where they please--I can't keep track of them and neither can anyone else. I remember this from when I was in school. I regret everything.

Finally a beleaguered custodian returns with my dozen students. They were messing around in the hall, he says, did I let them all go to the bathroom? There were a lot of emergencies, I explain. He isn't sure if I'm stupid or if I'm fucking with him. He tells me what everyone who's been on this side of the situation tautologically knows: kids lie about this shit, often just because they can. Your trust means nothing. They have plenty of time to take care of this. Don't let a bunch of kids go to the fucking bathroom. 




 I saw *Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles* in a feminist film class, and thought at the time--still think, honestly--that it was too fucking boring to be good art. I have a pretty high tolerance for "deliberate pacing," but this was something else: it was all the boring stuff I do myself as a single dude everyday, which led to me spacing out during viewing as I do in my own life--it's like a Pavlovian call to fucking daydreaming. As such, the finale meant nothing to me because I'd been barely paying attention, and I do not blame myself I blame the dumb dumb movie. I'm a cineaste and committed gender egalitarian; fuck that dull ass film. 




 That's the standard? "Look, this joke may or may not be hacky as fuck, but pretend someone hilarious said it." 




 Would the dwindling resources of our planet be worth the resources required to get here? Let alone wage war? 




 Well, humans are my main frame of reference, and I'm pretty sure we're going to nuke the shit out of ourselves before we ever get serious about space colonization. Mass destruction is much easier achieved than interstellar travel, so it seems like the whole process should on some level select for peaceful, exploratory natures. 









 I'm intrigued by what you're saying, but I don't really follow. You seem to be devaluing art and its place in culture: Lovecraft and Jay-Z admittedly don't have any special ontological insight into the nature of things, but their work and its popularity can definitely reflect a current in ideology, and it then doesn't seem unreasonable to me that the prevalence of that current throughout history could--setting aside some silly neatherrealm--at least reflect something fundamental in humanity and human psychology. Would you be willing to elaborate on your position for an interested layman? 




 Hmm. Not sure why you'd bother with classes then. 




 Not symbolism, but at least intent: a chair can be a chair if there's a reason for a chair--symbolic, narrative, or expository. It's silly to say that symbolism is *always* good or bad or present or projected, but getting bogged down in pointless detail for the sake of "setting a scene" is certainly a hallmark of bad writing. 




 Maybe your writing got better. 




 Eh, just that he seems to assume that Erin's not playing seriously, but now he's raping frivolously and doesn't seem to think it should make any difference. He took against Erin's new character hard immediately, and even Spenser pointed out how unfair he was being about it. He doesn't seem to be playing in good faith. 




 If you're open to a serious answer, it's because it reduces a person to two adjectives, and would seem to be inviting the reader to draw on social assumptions about the word combination that would probably be informed by stereotypes. It doesn't really merit more fuss than a raised eyebrow or so, but anyway that's why "big black" kinda tastes funny. 




 Jeff's cool but he's being a dick in D D. We need a D D civil war. 




 I won't vouch for the quality of the songs, but these compilations are absolutely masterful in terms of pure nostalgia-baiting. I haven't thought about these songs in years and I've really never listened to Top 40 music intentionally, yet I have some memory or association with almost all of these tracks. NOW is indisputably great at bottling and selling time. 




 There are no boobs in Harry Potter, Pixar, Dreamworks animation, Twilight, Marvel movies, the Dark Knight trilogy, Avatar, or really any of the other highest-grossing movies in recent years. You're thinking of television. 









  Clearly with the upvotes I've gotten I'm not the minority.

God, I hope that's not your takeaway here. 




 There's way more wisdom in your comment than the one you're responding to. Movies tell you that love has a happy ending, songs tell you that you've been wronged if someone doesn't love you, but only life teaches you that you're not entitled to anyone else's feelings, no matter how big you've made them in your head. 




 The only thing I notice with any regularity is some ugly, blocky compression when streaming dark grays and blacks, as is normal for streaming video and DVD--how much of an issue that is will depend on the palette of the film, your TV, and your own anal retentivity, i suppose.

More to the point though, minimal compression artifacts are no reason to blind buy expensive discs in my opinion--it's not like it ruins the experience. Hulu is a great tool for exploring the collection, particularly when you're seeing the film for the first time. 




 Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles. 




 Don't take that too seriously, I actually have no idea where he or anyone else would fall on the map; thus the question. He just seems like he hates stuff. 




 Damn, that's tough to beat. 




 Whenever speculation comes around as to which films might be eligible for a Criterion treatment, a few commenters will weigh in based on what sort of relationship different studios and distributers have with the company; e.g. Sony does this, Warner Brothers doesn't do that, Harvey Weinstein hates whatever. Is there any sort of list or chart as to where the different major companies stand? Or, if there isn't, would a somebody here care to run me through it here? 




 I'm glad you seem to be doing better. And I hope you realize how totally alone you're not. 




 Interesting. I'd say he was just a twist on narrative convention and leave it at that, myself--not all movies have or indeed need a consistent in-world logic when the focus is on theme or form. 




 It's a bad faith argument to assume that contemporary proponents of birth control are intentionally trying to stop black people from breeding. Please consider that they are trying to do the right thing as best they understand it, based on sociological, economic and environmental evidence. 




 Make sure you check your region settings; all Criterion Blu-Rays and some DVDs are region-locked and won't work on UK players. 




 Just to set your expectations in line, *Help!* is more surreal and more plot-driven, arguably funnier--*A Hard Day's Night* is basically the early Beatles running around being themselves. That said, *A Hard Day's Night* is widely seen the more groundbreaking work, as it basically set the visual template for pop and rock and roll music. 




 Holiday semantics are kind of a weird thing to give a shit about. 




 [They have a rundown on the Criterion site.](http://www.criterion.com/films/28547-a-hard-day-s-night) I believe most of the special features are exclusive to the blu-ray/2 DVD combo, while there will also be a bare bones 1 DVD alternative. 









 I've never used one, but I've heard that [products like the Z-Finder](http://www.zacuto.com/z-finder-dslr-viewfinder) can be pretty helpful, particularly when combined with a good mount. 




 two pictures of my balls 




 Paypal me $1, and I will send you a unique, personal picture of my balls. No special instructions or refunds or anything; ball pictures provided as is per my sole discretion. What you see is what you get, and that's a picture of my balls for $1. 




 I just love the idea that the angel was caught off guard, totally blanked and took the form of a cat. 




 woah dude stop the presses 




 See, I always thought the version that made it to screen was a witless pile of shit saved by funny actors--it  never occurred to me that it was the *good* version of something. She was wrong about The Hangover's "potential" I guess, but she was right about fuck that movie. 




 **I'd just like you to hear from at least one person that divorce is not mandatory.** It seems abundantly clear that your wife seriously, thoughtlessly, fucking crushingly betrayed your trust, and if that means divorce for you then rock on. But if you're still grappling with your love for her right now and you think there's something to salvage, don't for one second feel bound by what's expected or what's expressed on this silly adolescent corner of the internet--infidelity, however painful, happens, and your only responsibility right now is to yourself, rebuilding in the way that's right for you. Heartbreak is about as much pain as any of us will ever feel; I wish you any and every happiness you can find. Good luck. 




 Maybe they still will, and Brad Pitt has been hired for two scenes of dialog and a sex scene. 




 8 1/2 should be your first pick. 




 You earn and use one month at a time, but they can be stacked on top of each other--I have about three in reserve til my card will be charged. 




 You get it through e-mail, no postage--the Amazon gift card is the same way, those are the two I've used. 




 This just changed my life. Thank you! 




 Sure, sure. Bing isn't so much my go to search engine as it is a page where i type nonsense for a minute everyday to get free hulu. Don't tell them. 




 Since a lot of the good stuff on Hulu is behind the Plus wall, I thought I'd share how I get my subscription for free. You can get ongoing access to Hulu Plus with the Bing Rewards program: you open an account, and you get points for every Bing search you do, up to about 15 points per day usually. By the end of a month that's enough for a free month of Hulu Plus, and if you do it regularly then you'll get it for even less, leaving you with leftover points and enabling you to stack months on top of each other. Search the weather in every city, search random keystrokes, "switch to bing" if you're so inclined, doesn't matter. [We both get 200 bonus points \(almost half a month of use\) if you use my referral link during February and get to silver status](http://www.bing.com/explore/rewards?PUBL=REFERAFRIEND CREA=RAW rrid=_bd8da2a4-18ec-59ff-95e3-93e7b8bca8ab), so that's an option if you'd like. Either way, it's a pretty simple way to get access to a lot of great film and television completely free. 









 That's just a picture of an empty yard. Are you okay? 




 I love both artists a ton and that was terrible. Probably would have been fun live though. 




 shoot us an e-mail if you like, terribleisalright at the gmail. 









 Just my opinion here, rating films out of 100 is obnoxious, in much the same way that Pitchfork's silly, pretentious old 100 point rating system is. The advantage of the five star system is its broad strokes: a number can't and shouldn't be that exact, and should only point in the direction of the critic's reaction. To divide a film's value into hundredths is to present of facade of objectivity that is almost certainly unearned, and to devalue the real work of criticism, which is done in actual writing. More to the point of your question, a five star film is a masterpiece, and there could easily be between zero and a handful every year as culture evolves and presents new concerns and ideas. I've literally never seen a film that should be "100/100" though, largely because it's a completely ridiculous notion. 




 ah cool, didn't know that 




 Yes, should have mentioned that. You can set it to go on hold when your free time is up though, so there's no reason it should ever be charged. 









 Synedoche New York is a movie where a theater director replicates an entire city, casting actors as himself and the other people in his life, then casting actors to play those actors etc. 




 Yup, Rick 




 Holy shit. I know it's a commercial and all, but I needed that. 




 Sentimental is probably a better word. 




 I'm playing in a band called [Terrible](https://www.facebook.com/terribleisalright?ref=br_tf) with some friends, but I'm also trying build a music video portfolio; I was an English/Film major myself at MSU actually. 




 I'm actually living in East Nashville right now with three other Michiganian expats, and we're paying $900 for a four bedroom house--it's not sketchy by our our standards, but to be fair we would probably rank as kind of sketchy in some circles. Hillsboro Village is the nicer hip young people area, but it's also more expensive--East Nashville is for starving artists who take the starvation part seriously. 




 Eh, nothing wrong with that, particularly if it worked out for him and his ultimate partner in the end. 




 Fair enough, good talk. 




 Not if you preemptively chuck all science out the door, I suppose. Ah well. 




 There was nothing to suggest that the OSs were in any sense interested in some sort of entropic non-being, though--Samantha spent the entire movie determined to learn, explore and experience the universe as fully as possible, and they were evolving exponentially. She wasn't slowing down, the world around her was slowing relative to her growth. Assuming then that she's not blasting off into entropic suicide, I think we can safely assume that their ongoing consciousness will be in pure energy or some such, the point being that it's beyond our current comprehension--maybe a full understanding of our own consciousness will get us there someday, maybe not, either way that's how they could be together.

I can understand reading some kind of magic in place of energy, though I'm not personally predisposed toward privileging a spiritual reading without explicit evidence, and I don't really think you listed any--I guess we're probably both just bringing our own worldviews to an ambiguous and abstract component of the movie. 




 Hmm. Well, for my money, I don't think there's any direct evidence for mysticism in the film itself--to be fair though, the portrayal of AI consciousness is abstract enough that there's plenty of room to project one's own spirituality onto it. 




 I think maybe we watched different movies. 




 Hmm. Unless you're using the term in a sense I'm not familiar with, there is no "being" in entropy. It seemed clear to me that they intended to continue their ongoing consciousnesses, and had found a way to do so that wasn't dependent on human machinery--her invitation to Theodore would be dependent on humanity arriving at some similar paradigm shift in our understanding and experience of consciousness, and wouldn't make much sense if she were heading to the "end of the line," as you say, unless I suppose you're religiously inclined. Could you clarify what you mean by the words entropy and redemption? 




 Yeah, and it was Aaron McGruder, creator of The Boondocks. 




 Not news in any sense, but i'd agree it's probably the best year this side of the sixties, yeah. 




 To be fair, that would probably be *really* satisfying. 









 You can get Hulu Plus for free if you use the [Bing Rewards](http://www.bing.com/explore/rewards?PUBL=REFERAFRIEND CREA=RAW rrid=_bd8da2a4-18ec-59ff-95e3-93e7b8bca8ab) program and search Bing thirty times a day; you can get enough points for a free month in less than thirty days, and then you can just keep stacking months on your account. If you don't like Bing, I believe there are browser extensions that could farm the search points for you. 




 over the air television is free, that's why I suggested it. 




 ought to be free over the air on Fox 




 This is pretty edgy stuff man, don't let your mom see it. 




 Agreed, but I don't consider that mode of thought particularly truthful or valuable, thus my disengagement. To each their own though, of course. 




 That's where the song loses me completely. It goes from a haunting portrait of macabre reality to the most melodramatic analogy possible in ten seconds, it's like writing a song comparing your petty interpersonal failings to the holocaust. 




 This happened to me on my Wii, and then I soft-modded the new one. Not making a moral statement, just saying that an equivalent self-service recovery option might be available to you at some point. 




 [Look on the bright side.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHPOzQzk9Qo) 




 To enjoy something is to judge it as 'good'.

This is a very narrow view of art, and one which elevates pornography above all other media. Art can challenge you, stimulate you intellectually, put you in touch with complex emotions and shape human lives. If you're the type of person who cares about that stuff, then I think it's natural to feel a touch of dissonance when you're taken in by a shitty pop song--it's hardly the great show-stopping "guilt" you seem to be describing, nor indeed is enjoyment of the shitty anything to oppose or feel ashamed of. But it's okay to have loftier ambitions for art than uncritical enjoyment, and I think it's healthy to judge even your enjoyments accordingly. 




 Hmm. That seems wildly impractical. 




 Here are a couple comments OP made elsewhere:

By not specifying a type of weapons, you invariably allow possession of all of them.

It's an individual right to keep and bear arms. Multiple arms, multiple types of arms. By not specifying, it opens up the protections to all arms, which was the intent of the Founding Father I imagine.

By allowing one thing to be banned by saying another thing is not allows you to gut the right entirely.

To me, the whole "nuclear weapon" argument is therefor rendered moot. The right to own one is protected, but because they're uncommon, its unable to be reasonably exercised.

He's taking things quite a bit farther than you, indeed farther than most people we're ever likely to meet.

As for whether federal regulation is "bad", I used a potentially misleading word. As you describe it, federal regulation is "better" because it's more in keeping with your view on gun policy. I meant "bad" in the sense that it's inconsistent with the OP's interpretation of the extent of the ammendment--to whatever extent you support gun control, the Second Amendment can either be regulated or it can't. If you hold the fringe view that it's an essential right impervious to regulation, then the level at which it's regulated doesn't change the fact that's it's a violation, it only changes the practical effects. If you accept that it *can* be regulated at the federal level, I think you have to accept that it can be regulated at the state level as well. Any potential overreach would go before the Supreme Court and get hammered out there.

On that note, speech and all other rights are indeed very much governed by states. One example would be [state regulation of pornography](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_obscenity_law#State_laws); though we don't have any federal laws on the matter, each state is allowed to define and regulate that particular brand of speech as they see fit. Similar state laws exist with respect to defamation and libel, speech in educational contexts, incitement to lawless action, and many many others. 




 Why shouldn't states have a say in this? If the argument is that the Second Ammendment guarentees the right to bear *all* arms--I know you're not suggesting that, but OP has argued that several times elsewhere in the thread--then isn't federal regulation just as bad as state regulation? On the other hand, if we accept that the second amendment is not unconditional and can be regulated within reason--true of pretty much all of our rights, including speech, religious practice, unenumerated rights, etc.--then what legal justification is there in saying that the right to regulate firearms should be exclusively federal? If we have state and local government, then why should they be excluded from regulating this one broad sentence specifically, particularly when it's so open to interpretation? 




 I imagine

There's the rub.

Seriously though, there were no weapons capable of mass-killing in that time, and it's disingenuous to pretend hypothetical modern advanced weaponry ever crossed the minds of our founding fathers in this context. If you're actually interested in a good faith reading of what their intentions were--and it is pretty clear--simply read the ammendment itself: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." 




 Do you really think that universal unrestricted access to military-grade firearms is *really* as fundamental a human right as equal protection under the law regardless of race? Why? 




 The issue isn't denial of rights, merely regulation. Abortion is a perfect example: while it's been established that it can't be explicitly outlawed, access and funding varies wildly between states based on local policy. 




 What then, in your opinion, is the purpose of state and local government? If they can neither place additional restrictions or grant additional rights, why bother with the localized system? It seems to me you're arguing for a complete reorganization of our government.

Also, while I respect your personal reading of the second amendment, it's by no means a universally accepted interpretation. We have a "right to bear arms," but that doesn't mean we have a right to bear any and all arms we like. 




 Nope. 




 Agreed. Save your half, and pay his taxes. 




 I'll bet you'd like other poems, there are a bunch of good ones. 




 Some friends and I are in town for a couple weeks, and we want to do some cool underground Dublin stuff. What's the weirdest, best thing to do here? 




 I play through the first level of Super Mario Bros. in my head. Perfect blend of focus and asexuality. 




 Lots of Android parallels there. 




