 One of my favorite Reggae artists of all time is [Yellowman] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NdqsIeA6mU). Have you heard of him before now ?  




 Dude you could pick ANY color.  Bright blue, an intense green.  It would probably all be really really vivid on your hair, and no bleaching required !   




 Love you with all my heart.  
Love whenever you're together,  
Love you pulled apart. 
 
 I love you [smoked pork butt. ] (http://imgur.com/jEGktgs)
________________________________________________

I've been doing just brisket and ribs for a long, long time but I venture out with a pork butt.  It was sold as one 15 pound package, but was actually two pieces of meat.  Rubbed with nothing but Dixon Hatch medium chile's from the Chile Shop in Santa Fe.  Smoked for, gosh, forever, with coal and hickory on a sidebox burner.  

Ran out of coal, and was losing the smoke so I transferred it to my 'lectric (which barely uses any wood at all ) for the last hour or so.  

It's resting right now, but I couldn't help but sneak a good sized piece.  It's Famazing.  You know what the F is for.   I may not smoke ribs again for a while.  


I'm in love with a pork butt.  


 




 Hmm, the Sheep and Wool Festival has a lot of regional family farms, I've just never sought any out.  




 Is there really anything more American than backyard Q and a PBR ?  




 I have a [Smokin Tex] (http://www.amazon.com/Smokintex-1100-Pro-Electric-Smoker/dp/B008KCKA1O/ref=sr_1_1?s=lawn-garden ie=UTF8 qid=1436731636 sr=1-1 refinements=p_n_feature_keywords_browse-bin%3A6452780011%2Cp_89%3ASmokin+Tex) and it's as easy as it gets.  Use surprisingly little wood/coal as well... the actual heat generation is the electric, and it heats up the box of wood just enough to make it smolder without flaming.  Since it's very tightly sealed and insulated it doesn't require much heat to do that, and there's only one very small 1 inch hole as a "chimney".  Therefore the dwell time of the smoke is very long, and you burn next to nothing.  And it all burns down very well as well.   It recommends 2 oz of wood per ten pounds of meat for a "medium" smoky flavor, I use more along with coal to get the nitrates going.  

All I do is load it up, turn the knob to 225 and then go do whatever else I want.   Light years easier than my stick burner. 
 




 oh cool, didn't know that - thanks !   Do you think the food stores stick to that, or do they just generically call it all "lamb"  ? 




 Chinese style ribs.  It's all in the sauce, doesn't matter if they're smoked or not.  Pretty sure no chinese restaurant smokes anyhow.  




 BUT, isn't there a HUGE difference between these three scenarios you provided (and thank you for that) and not offering employment because one won't provide their social media information ? There are many commenters here saying they were turned down jobs for the stated  reasons of not having a Facebook page or not providing their login credentials to the prospective employer.  That sounds completely illegal.  Hopefully it is.  




 Sounds like you were better at marketing than the company was.  




 Noone needs your facebook password to view posts that you've shared (intentionally or unintentionally) with them.   The only reason to ask for a password is to view privileged communications not shared with them, which is slimy as fuck.  These companies need to get sued into the ground so all the other sleazeballs out there will stop this fucking trend Right.Now. 




 In all seriousness, this sounds ripe for a class action suit.  "We'd love to employ you, but first we need you to violate the terms of service of your email provide as well as contradict every bit of common sense online security the entire world has spent millions of dollars teaching each other so that we can access your privileged communications. " 




 I don't see a problem... I thought that was every grill ever.  




 NO WAY I'd use galve.   Someone hands me food and says it was made in something that contains galve, I'm not stopping to list to whether it was in the hot part, the cold part, food contact ... that foods going in the trash before they even get a chance to explain.  




 We use a flat black rustoleum IIRC.   




 I'm sorry, I misspoke.  I'm used to lamb being served in other ways, but I Just saw a picture of a lamb leg someone smoked and the meat came out rather light like pork, so I suppose it's a matter of the cooking technique making it darker and not the meat itself.  




 the family is used to eating late.

Yep !  When is the barbeque done ? WHEN ITS DONE. 

 




 You filled a smoker with chicken and ribs, and noone came over ? Your buddies have their priorities mixed up !!   




 That smoker looks suspiciously clean;)   Season 'er up !!  




 it was a traditional preservation technique, along with salting, but the idea is you do that to fresh meat to preserve it.  It doesn't reverse any bacterial damage already done afaik. 




 what /u/damagement said, plus I'll add: 

- add slowly; just a few pieces and give it time to come to temp.  for my silver smoker I'll add just a handful of coal or wood, and let it rest for 20 or 30 minutes before checking it; if it looks good, I'll let it go on for an hour and a half, two hours before checking it again.  

- I don't adjust my vents, mostly because they're all  stuck and rusted, but also because I found that my que does better when I STOP MESSING WITH IT than when I constantly tweak it trying to get a perfect 225.  Yep, I get variations, I think it adds character to the que and it still comes out great.   

-Personally I think messing with it every 30 minutes is too often, but if this was on a Weber that's a pretty small area and you're cooking directly on top the of the heat source so I don't know how that affects everything, I use a cheap sidebox. 

-To me there's alot more to great q than just the tenderness - while I definitely shoot for tender, I've had incredibly tender yet flavorless q that may as well have been cooked in an oven.  I wouldn't worry too much about whether they came out perfectly tender or not and focus more on the overall awesomeness of it.  




 Yes, pork butt is very different from mutton, which is lamb.  Mutton is a very dark meat, darker than beef, and has a more wild taste than beef. Pork is much more commonly found in the US, has a less strong flavor and is more traditional for bbq.  Pork is a light meat; the pork industry association for years marketed it as "the other white meat" when health concerns about eating too much red meat became popularized.    




 thanks man, turns out it was actually two in one package so I'm good to go there.  May actually be done sometime around dinnertime !!  




 a couple other tips I just thought of ... I'm totally guilty of not following these myself but ... 

- start with the vents closed, so you have the ability to open them later down the road. 

- err towards lower heat and taking longer... although you're trying to time a meal.  I never try to time.  It's done when it's done. 

- warm your smoker up first... after your coals are ashen put them down and let them warm up the empty smoker... if it's a bit cool than add a bit more coal, give it a couple minutes.  That way you're starting with at least a decent baseline and any swings you have then aren't affecting the meat. 

- I find that wood burns much faster and hotter than coal, so I'm more careful with it. 

- if  you have a cheapy sidebox burner like I do, there's probably a good bit of temperature difference from one side to another; there are online mods for common cheapies that help address this, but they don't completely fix it ... so I rotate the meat every once in a while.  

- Ive found the chimney cap doesn't regulate heat at all, just smoke dwell time.  I keep it wide open since I use a bunch of coal and wood and don't want a creosote problem. 
 









 Don't get discouraged... when we first got RON years ago we would try playing online ... only to find it was all pretty, well, one-sided ;)  I wouldn't mind trying now, but honestly the solo play or lan play gives you so many AI and game options that I never tire of just playing solo games and constantly trying new challenges.  




 But I cannot lie ... it's been a long time since I smoked a hunk 'a pork and this one's a 15 pounder.  What can I expect in terms of smoking time and plateaus ? Should I let it finish in a cooler or take it all the way in the box ? Wondering if I should slice it in half to get more surface area.  

Also considered injecting it with apple juice stuff, but  I dunno ....   




 Dude looks great to me.  I actually like my que a little more on the well end side... I like some char, some bar.  I don't like it to come out perfectly tender but devoid of any signs of having been cooked with fire ... you can just use an oven for that.  




 "Dahktor" .. I get it now.  So tell us about  this joint you're opening !  Or better yet, tell us about  the  process  of opening a joint; what you've learned, what challenges and obstacles there are, etc.   Also up for a good business story. 




 the trick to heat control is small changes over time.  nothing drastic... don't "oversteer" it.   you may eventually benefit from modding your smoker ... sealing a gap hear or there, adding metal plates etc ... I experimented with all that, and ended up removing the heat ballasts and just learned to have a lighter hand on it.  But then I also don't mind if I go up or down 25 degrees.  Yes, it's inefficient, but if the que is good the que is good... this is art, not science... it's the results not the methods that count.  




  I guess that would change with kids though.
OH yeah. It's ALL changes with kids.   




 My thoughts: 

I wouldn't rub or sauce everything the same way.  I've only smoked pork a few times and didn't bother seasoning it at all; it all got pulled and sauced on the sandwhiches anyhow. 

Brisket rub should be different than rib rub IMO.  JUST IMO.  For brisket I use New Mexico hatch peppers I buy mail order and use them as the base, with onion and garlic; I like to keep that one simple and hot.   For ribs I use brown sugar as a base and then add a LOT of stuff, but only a hint of peppers (usually cayenne or hatch, and some ground black pepper).   This is my personal preference, great thing is its YOUR Que, do what makes you smile :) 


I wouldn't start them all at the same time... I'd try to get them to come off roughly the same time. If something does come off early, you can cooler them as you stated, but remember that the meat will continue cooking even off the smoker for a bit.  Don't know what else to say there though; I've never  had the problem of que coming off *early*.   Always the opposite for me ;) 


To reheat, use a steam basket.  Don't just put it in the oven...by steaming it you'll get it "falling off the bone" moist, always you may lose some of your bark or your rub may get a bit pasty. 

I don't think the ribs will take 6 hours ... I've only done a few back ribs but they're really small and light compared to spareribs... I think my last batch was  maybe 4 hours total if even that. 

If you want to marinate, I recently experimented with 4 different racks of back ribs.  Each was marinated differently: 

- "Chinese rib" sauce, a recipe online.   Didn't come out like chinese restaurant ribs though.

- Some commercial hoisin style marinade

- Can't remember the other one but it doesn't matter because the mega winner was: 

- Chinese chili oil.   You know that paste of hot peppers they have on the table in restaurants ? You can buy that by the jarfull.  I added extra oil to thin it and make it more of a marinate, and soaked the ribs in it over night.  Everyone agreed these ribs were the best.  Firey, tasty, they were just awesome.  


Maintaining heat: get to know  your vents, and open them over time instead of adding more wood. And stop looking at the damn thing. Everytime you open that door you swing the temperature... check it half as often as you think you need to, or use an outboard thermometer.  I like to use wood and coal from the start, and all the way through.  There are techniques you can try such as building a mound of coal and wood, and putting your lit starters on TOP of it; since the heat goes up they don't all ignite but rather the fire "settles down" and keeps the heat going.  The idea being that if you do it right the rate of it keeps the temperatures even.  I've tried this, even built metal pyramid shaped grates for it ... it DID help, but now I just add more wood and coal as I think it's called for.  No, I do not get steady temperatures, and I'm okay with that the que is great either way.  I have a lazy electric, and although it maintains perfect temperature, the que off my stick burner is always better and honestly I'm beginning to think that it's because of the variations in temperature.   

Good luck man, now I'm thinking of running out to the butcher !! 
 




 I'm not to proud to admit I've finished in the oven, particularly with some of the larger briskets (ie over 10 lbs) where I just couldn't be arsed to get up twice overnight and check it.   The smoke flavor sets in earlier in the process anyhow.  




 My place isn't that large, but I'll tell you that space fills quicker than you realize, especially with kids.   It's amazing how this house went from "what will we do with all this space" to "need more space" 




 "drop shit and still make it look good".   Yes, that was incredibly smooth.  




 another great choice. 




 man, that's taking it back even for me.  




 well, to be fair, didn't they actually split up between recording and releasing it ?  




 yeah, that's the whole thing to saving and investing.  It's kind of like eating well... everyone knows the 'rules', it's adhering to them under temptation and adversity that's the hard part. I mean, I don't need to be told I'm not supposed to eat cheese steaks at all much less with bacon on them, but I'm still gonna do it.  




 Mine would be Return to Heaven, last track on I Against I.  Honestly though I think every track on that album kills it. 




 Bad Brains 




 I can't recall what's A or B side on most of their stuff, and frankly I've been listening to so much of their music for so long, that I don't even know what wasn't relleased as singles or what is or isn't considered big hits of theirs.  So I'll go with an Afrikaa Bambatta  cover - Renegades of Funk 




 Funny thought cause I'd swear I heard Fire on the radio back in the day .. course I'd listen to it so much that it was probably replaying in my mind a lot. 

I'm a big fan of Jacob's Ladder.  




 I Can't.  

"Please excuse the words that I just blurted out.  They were not me, it was my strange confusing doubt.  It keeps rattling my cage and there's nothing in the world to bring it down.  For even though I might, even though I try I can't". 

 




 sorry, I get it at Costco and it's relatively cheap there but yes on an absolute basis it isn't the cheapest.  I am quite happy with it though; mixes and goes down well, only has the faintest odor in the tub and no odor when mixed. 

Now, that IsoPure powder I tried while on a business trip (forgot to bring ziplocks of my own) however was just foul. As in I literally returned it to another GNC (multiple towns in a few days trip) explaining that I just couldn't take it anymore.   And I'm not one to return used /consumed stuff ... it was just literally the foulest stuff I'd ever used.   Odd to considering how much I like their premixed bottled stuff.  




 yeah bro sorry your folks probably paid north of a buck sixty for it and 95 would be perfectly reasonable (IMO) but the googles says campsaver has that model for a buck ten now :(  




 you could have avoided a lot of expenses by not paying someone to backhoe out existing plants ;) 

Depending on what soil is left, topsoil may be beneficial but not necessary.  I think it's more important to till or at least deeply rake whats there, so that the seed get the best possible soil contact as well as facilitating easy root growth.  Regular light watering from  there is next. 

In terms of finding stuff, both topsoil seed and gravel are all available at your box store.  Depending on the volume needed you may be well served to call local supply shops. 

 If they backhoed out all the good dirt and just left you the clay, I'd add topsoil or at least bring it  in from another part of the yard. 




 Yeah man, it's Mark !!  How awesome someone would know him ;)  I'll definitely drop in at the Y just to say Hi, thanks for that tip.  See, I knew it was a tight enough community that if I described him someone would know him. How funny.  thanks !! 

A museum of carved birds sounds great.  I've always wanted to visit a Decoy museum.  A buddy and I were talking about how nice fishing lures were these days too, you could almost collect and display them. 

Wonderland, Seawall ... both high on the list.  I want to start looking for some top roping there too.

thank you, this is gonna be a great trip.  I'm so stoked.  

 




 Running is the only thing that works for me.  If I stop running, I fall off the wagon.  It's a bad situation, but upside, I ran 6 miles once ;)  




 I agree with /u/flannel_smoothie.  When I quit I experienced the same ... I actually felt worse than when I was smoking - congested, coughing, etc.   Go run.  

 




 I use ON (Optimum Nutrition) Isolate from Costco.  It's very high quality, very affordable, and the most agreeable I've had. 

I also really like IsoPure's BOTTLED Premixes a LOT.  I tried their powder protein once though and had to return it.... absolutely vile stuff.  




 I can understand why that's an actual thing.  




 sorry, formatting messed up  ... fixed. 




 the member's SSN on it 

that what magic marker is for.  I agree with /u/NEHOG and the last three paragraphs of the article. This really doesn't seem like a problem that needs to be solved.  I needed my 214 for something once, I just pulled it out of the cabinet and copied it.  Really, not a big deal. 




 yeah, that part bummed me out.  I saw that sliced tuna and I was like "oh yeah, time to start boiling the macaroni" :(  




 THANK YOU :)  It *is* a beautiful place, the whole state is.   I'm sure in your lifetime you would say that it's nothing like your youth, but from my perspective it's unspoiled.   We used to have farms, orchards, brooks, streams and the sort here in the DC area, now we have condo complexes named after them instead. 

I will greatly enjoy, appreciate and respect your side of the island.  




 thanks, we actually have a favorite rental that we've already reserved.   With 2 kids and alot of outdoor rec equipment in tow B and B's aren't really in our vernacular anymore so we tend to go more for cabins.  




 thanks !  




 thanks.  We're thinking about a half-day now ... finding an open meet around 2-3 in the Mall area probably isn't that tough, but yeah Friday evening in a restaurant zone may be tricky. I'm actually considering shelling out for a garage or Metro  




  Ted's Bulletin
thanks!  




 thanks ! I was worried because some of the closer Hill areas I've seen seem a bit young and trendy.  




 Thank you very much !  




 Visiting the barracks this Friday evening with family, and I haven't been in that area since before the ballpark was built.   Are there any family friendly restaurants in the area ? How's parking ? Decent chance of getting street parking around 6 on a Friday ?  I know there's a metro station nearby but I prefer to drive cause... well, cause metro.  




 Wow, it's funny when you listen to it playing the game, it's just great background music.  Listening to Battle At Witch Creek by itself, as a song, no game running though ... it takes on a whole new dimension and depth.   Truly a great song; you could play it for anyone and tell them it was a famous classical piece and they'd never know.  




 Hey Thanks !! I love the soundtrack too ... in fact sometimes I wonder if I left the game running with the speakers on because I'll have it playing in my mind so often. 




 I dunno ... I find huge benefits to using formations and stances when I'm down to combat.   Agreed it shouldn't be a sole focus, but learning to use them well seems to make a difference, particularly when you're outnumbered. 




 I'm finding myself using Stand Ground much more often, particularly when trying to defend newly won cities close to the border with unsupplied troops and high attrition. 




 I'm fine with you calling it whatever you want.  I call them great.  




 My favorite is to put the beef in a bowl and mix in finely chopped onion, an egg, some Italian breadcrumbs and a large splash of A1 sauce.  I like to top them with a really good sharp cheddar and perhaps even some jalapeno, and eat it on a kaiser roll.    




 Say, on another note, do you happen to know if there are any creamery's in the area ?   Down here we used to have a creamery that was attached to their orchard and OMG their ice cream was the most amazing.   Imagine ice cream made that day, with fruit picked yesterday from an acre away.  




 thank you for that tip.  Looks like the perfect place for a good cheap lunch .... lots of awesome deserts though, that could be a tough temptation to pass !!   The prices don't look too bad to me considering as you said the novelty of it, plus if they have some nice old cars there or a band there I mean really, that's just a classic summer moment you know. 

I do definitely need to find some good, cheap clams though.   I LOVE your clams and just plow right through them.  Literally, my whole life I've been eating what I thought were fried clams, I had no idea what fried clams were till I first got to NH/ME. You're all very fortunate.  
 




 That's awesome.  Definitely before I ever dip the line I make sure I have all my licenses, stamps etc, local catch guidebook and know the laws... gotta preserve these gifts for future generations too ya know ?  




 thank you! Yeah, they're pretty cheap, I was just hoping to avoid the added round trip and time spent in the store renting and returning it, and give that same money to a local Redditor instead.   I could probably get it all into my Subie if I broke it all down, but I'm just tired (long time homeowner, long time DIYer, sometimse it's fun, sometimes you just get really, really tired of it all).  




 I googled that up, gosh now if I tried using one of those I'd end up casting my hat, glasses, sandals... 

are mack's good eating ?  is it ok to eat what you pull there or is it frowned upon ? catch and release is pretty much the protocol around here  (small man made lakes, small rivers) 

 




 Thanks ! Long Pond - that was it !   Thurston's is definitely on the list, I agree nothing better than eating on the docks.  That museum is definitely on the list too, that's exactly the sort of "off the beaten path" stuff we really enjoy. Thank you very much !! 

And sorry, I've been referring to the area as Southwest Harbor the whole time ... now I realize that that's just one harbor, one village on that whole peninsula... it's really the whole area I hope to explore.   




 I think I may have a spoon or two... I've only fished freshwater so everything I have is small ... we tend to use a lot of worms, jigs and then a variety of top lures around here.   Of course it's been years since  i've fished but a buddy wants me to get back out there with him. 

I managed to google up a couple headboats there too, sounds like the fishing there is great, and completely different stuff than what we're used to here.   I'm really excited at the prospects of pretty much staying on the quietside the whole time.  


 




 ah thank you ! Coming from inland I completely forget that there's different rules for fresh and saltwater.  Catching a mackerel from shore would be pretty awesome.  Actually with kids, catching *anything* is awesome, that's one of the joys of fishing with kids. 




 Hey good morning everyone, 

I'm lucky enough to be heading back up again this August.  Last couple years we've been down in the Portsmouth to  Portland region, now we're heading back up to MDI.   We try to avoid crowds and the crassly touristy stuff and we really liked our last stay in SWH . I'm sure we'll be venturing up to Bar Harbor and Acadia as well, but I was wondering if anyone wouldn't mind sharing some beta on SW itself ?  

I apologize that this is kind of long and all over the place, but last time we spent a lot of our time there figuring things out and we'd like to be better prepared this time.  It's been years since we've been there and I can't find much on the web other than rentals.  

A couple things I'd be really interested in if you don't mind: 

-I recall a wonderful walking trail on the harbor, but I can't recall the name of it or how to  locate it.   I remember something about driving towards a seawall but honestly I may be confused about that.

-There's also a small but nice lake where we can rent kayaks (we shlepped all four up on a trailer last time, but I don't want to do that again just for one day of paddling).   

-I remember a really nice gentleman from a local paddling outfitter who took me on a guided trip in the harbor, but for the life of me I can't remember his name or his company's name....all I recall is he was originally from Maryland, was once in the Air Force, and capsizing in Maine is cooooold. 

-Any pointers on local pounds, shacks or restaurants would be great. I don't get any seafood at home due to kids with allergies and other dietary restrictions :( but the wife lets me binge when I'm up North :) 

-Any local museums, historic sites; we love small kind of "out  of the way" museums, we've been to a textile museum, a glass museum, historic homes, historic gardens, etc. 

-outdoor recreation ...hiking, walking, climbing (we top rope only) bicycling, camping,backpacking trails. 

-fishing ... I could bring the rods and tackle for the kids and get myself a short out of state license... or are there head boats that leave out of SW ? 

-Are the Cranberry islands a nice visit ? 

thanks everyone, I realize this is a lot to ask and I do appreciate any insight you wouldn't mind offering.  




 I actually wonder how long it would take for all the viruses floating around to eventually consume everything.   




 yep, been that monkey.   




 that's a good point.  back in the day software would routinely eat itself ... but these days if ran steady state with no change ... I wonder  what the actual availability numbers would be like.   




 Alots have been secretly accumulating a lot of  IT skills for a while now. 




 Hey you're the first person to post here besides myself.  Thanks !  









 fascinating. I didn't realize you had to careful balance generation and consumption.  




 Great point about the power stations.   I've heard our grid is a bit of an overgrown mess.  




 /r/geartrade.  But as /u/nobleheart said, get fitted first. This is incredibly important.  Also beware that Osprey doesn't make a huge number of adjustable packs, so try to know what model you want before you get fitted in it.  




 HI Op, any luck on finding someone ? Any info you can share ?  




 Would you mind giving us an idea of what they've charged for what kind of jobs ? 
 




 I need to run some stuff up to Alpha Ridge but it's too large for my car and I really don't want to go through the hassle and expense of renting a truck for one quick run.    

If anyone has a truck and a few minutes to run me and my junk up and back (I'm by the Mall) I'll do the loading and unloading, pay the fees and I'd be glad to give you something for your trouble.   




 No, that's not true at all.   Reliant on salary is different than reliant on income, and I certainly don't plan on relying on savings alone.  




 the Times grasping at relevancy ?  Are they no better or worse than the Post ?  




 1. Make sure the family know all the account numbers and all the passwords. 
2. Will 
3. Long talks with each of them. 
4. Pack the backpack, take the next flight to one of many national parks out west I've always wanted to visit.
5. Hug and kiss the family one last time and then just walk off into the woods.  




 This is a really interesting question and I'd really like to see serious responses from people who are currently in Ops/ DR roles.

I reckon parts of it would start falling off within the hour. On the bright side, you'll make front page.  

Explained: IT systems can actually be remarkably fragile and need continuous care and feeding like plants or animals.  Hardware eventually fails, software crashes, logs fill up disks, a patch or other upgrade requires rebooting ... it's all a good bit more reliable now than in the past and the administration is now more highly automated but the need for human engineers is still there. Look at how often Reddit has issues for example.

Alot of this maintenance occurs at night when usage  is lower; there could be automatically scheduled reboots, automatic patching, or other activities that incur a high risk of the system not serving up.  With noone left to catch the problem systems, than I suspect that as the day goes longer in each time zone more systems would drop off, until eventually the majority of the net is dark.   I think it would happen slowly at first and then build, and would have a cumulative effect ... for instance if a core router or a root name server went down there would be a huge number of affected  systems.  Eventually the network outside your house would fail, and you'd be stuck on a standalone computer hating life, until something on your computer croaked. 

I'm guessing the last thing you would see on the last computer in the world would  be one of those damn Rogue AV's or a Coupon browser plugin :( 

 




 Costco has giant tubs of Sabra. I think it's Sabra ... it's good whatever it is.  I was raised on hummous and I like theirs.  




  I'd be willing to drive probably up to 15 mins to find somewhere

Even 20 years ago if you really wanted to get away you had to drive a lot longer than 15 minutes.  These days 15 minutes just gets you to the other side of 175.   The state parks are nice, the only one I consider quiet and peaceful is Marriotsville north of 70.  




 There are many, many types of "fall jackets", so you'll get more helpful recommendations if you describe the type of activities you do, the climate, etc.    









 I've definitely bought plenty of red onions that size.  




 Now adding "Come down the Pike" and "Glow with pride" to my vernacular.  One day we'll make those shirts accurate.  




 I think it won't be long before we have self-driving cars, and that will definitely prompt a whole evolution of rules around how we transports ourselves in society. 




 There's an economic reality to it as well.  I would love to be a fulltime steward of our parks, but for me at least it will have to wait until retirement when I'm no longer (hopefully) as reliant on my income. 




 And they probably paid thousands for it. 




 And not just how, but WHEN, with very specific examples of different types of shrubs, trees in different zones, etc.  I think the general knowledge of "prune stuff, cut grass, weed things" is already out there, but I for one could really use something that contains more technical reference material.  




 As an ADD kid in Toys R Us who has a shitload of credits and no degree, I second this. 

 




 Belated Happy Birthday ! As a family who much prefers Sousa over Manilow, what's our best bet to catch more traditional band and D C performances in the DC area on actual Independence Day ?  

And a mushy thank you, you're all a very important part of our local and national cultural heritage and for me especially having been raised in MDW in the 80's you were a constant backdrop to my life, including the loss of a parent.   




 we were there yesterday, the scaffolding was definitely present.  They probably just worked in old footage to save grace.  

  I'm guessing too that if there were any shots down the Mall it was construction free too ;)  




 I've always wondered why we don't re-test everyone on a regular basis.   




 http://cheezburger.com/8519092224 




 In the case of investigating persistent, internal product loss ? I betcha they'd jump all over it.  




 Yeah... we need CyberDen back 




 I've heard there are cuddle places in Dundalk for a lot less.  




 I do miss Karl.  Wonder where he's been lately.  




