




 I'm from the era of the chess pit, gypsy bar and impact records. 




 My mum told me that "Canberra has Melbourne style cafes and laneways now."

Nice try mum. 




 Same reason I moved to Victoria. 









 Me too. He's a great actor. 




 Perhaps she's suffering from a case of the Vince Vaughns?

Vaughn did a lot of great work until Wedding Crashers was a hit and then he became the go to schlub next door and churned out crap like Four Holidays, Couples Retreat, Fred Claus, The Watch etc.  

She's being pushed into wacky broad comedies (Identity Theft, Tammy, Spy) when she's actually a talented actress. (Gilmore Girls, Bridesmaids, St Vincent.)

 




 I never liked her. 




 This is the first film adaptation that will suffer from a faithful adaptation. Otherwise we're looking at 2.5 hours of Matt Damon doing math. 




 It doesn't matter. OP suggest feminism was a joke. I.e. it's dumb. The rest of thread made it seem that feminism proved him a wrong. i.e. he learnt something from it.

It could have been anything really.  




 The joke is that the original poster implied with his one word post that "Feminism" is a "joke."

The three posters below twisted his attempt to change it's meaning. 




 "unpleasant"

Yes!  




 I'd like my site to feature only SOME tweets from my twitter count so that my website is only filled with useful tweets.

Is there a way to make the site only stream tweets from my account that use a particularly hashtag?  




 I'd described them as awful people rather than terrible.  




 This article perfectly sums up why I so rarely visit r/atheism.

 




 
What's Upham?
 




 
I already have some of their stuff and it is beautiful.

 http://bit.ly/1GroLK0 


*please excuse this if it is a repost. I thought it was already posted but I can't find it anywhere. 




 great! I'll wait and see if anyone else disagrees. Thanks. 




 https://www.storedj.com.au/products/BEH-PSU3-SAA 




 Thats what I assumed. I might buy a $20 replacement Australian Behringer transformer just in case.  




 I have a BEHRINGER Podcastudio which I bought online. I've just realised it is a Japanese model which is 100 volts. Details here: http://m.imgur.com/CTxVzIf


I live in Australia which is 240 volts.

Can I get by with a power adapter? Or do I need to use my step down transformer?

Can I buy a new BEHRINGER transformer to solve the problem? Or is the unit itself wired differently?

Thanks in advance for the advice and sorry for the newbie questions. 




 THE LAST DAY OF HER LIFE
"When Sandy Bem found out she had Alzheimers, she resolved that before the disease stole her mind, she would kill herself. The question was, when?"

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/17/magazine/the-last-day-of-her-life.html?hp action=click pgtype=Homepage module=second-column-region region=top-news WT.nav=top-news _r=1 




 I have a BEHRINGER Podcastudio which I bought online. I've just realised it is a Japanese model which is 100 volts. Details here: http://m.imgur.com/CTxVzIf

[1]

I live in Australia which is 240 volts.

Can I get by with a power adapter? Or do I need to use my step down transformer?

Can I buy a new BEHRINGER transformer to solve the problem? Or is the unit itself different?

Thanks in advance for the advice and sorry for the newbie questions. 




 I have a BEHRINGER Podcastudio which I bought online. I've just realised it is a Japanese model which is 100 volts. Details here: http://m.imgur.com/CTxVzIf


I live in Australia which is 240 volts.

Can I get by with a power adapter? Or do I need to use my step down transformer?

Can I buy a new BEHRINGER transformer to solve the problem? Or is the unit itself different?

Thanks in advance for the advice and sorry for the newbie questions.

 




 After looking at your comment history... 




 Biopics! Sexy, sexy biopics! 




 Superman: george bernard shaw biopic.

Raven: Edgar Allen Poe biopic

Huntress:  Rebecca Francis biopic

Hulk: Gay porn

Thing: Gay Porn

Dick Grayson: Gay Porn



 




 Yes, yes there is. Here are three examples I found in ten seconds on google.

http://cubiclane.com/2014/03/29/65-1-brazilians-believe-women-wearing-provocative-clothes-deserve-raped

http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/arizona-student-preacher-you-deserve-rape

http://fox4kc.com/2013/05/01/university-student-says-women-deserve-rape-for-the-way-they-dress/

 




 "I slept with a few ugly chicks..."

 




 Looks great. Hope it finds an audience.  




 Don't know. Insensitive comments?
 




 That sucks. When I was teenager, my hair was a big part of my identity and, as I slowly lose it, I feel a real loss of control over my body. It's not vanity, it's just a sense you can't make decision about how you look.

I can't imagine what it feels likes at your age.

If you've still got eyebrows etc. I would consider growing a beard. All my female friends agree that that look is fucking hot. 

If that's not an option, I'd look a various hat options but I would try and avoid making it look like you're trying to hide it. 

Depending on your head shape, have a look at glasses as an option to break up your face. 



 




 I'd love an open world game in which you get to play a cat, bounding across roof tops, escaping dogs, stealing food. 

 




 Five years ago quoting an Arcade Fire song would have gotten you run out of town on by an anti-hiptster lynch mob... 




 Best answer in the thread right here. 




 There is strong sense to define yourself as 'other' in a hipster community. I listen to this obscure music because I do not listen to mainstream music. 


 




 It's already posted in this thread but check out the hipster relativism comic.  




 I forgot about him. He's the worst.  




 Hipsters discover music, food, fashion and make all the stupid mistakes so we don't have to. 

They're mostly harmless, at worst snobby but usually quite friendly.

Why all the hate?

TL;DR Answers from the thread.

1) They are pretentious and snobby toward non-hipsters

2) They a parasitic, consuming instead of creating.

3) They create small, exclusive cultural ghettos.

4) There behaviours are based social pressure and not real love or passion for a topic.

Full Disclosure: I have a beard. 




 I'm more concerned about the fact that it is 11 films in and we STILL haven't seen the Thanoscopter.

http://cdn3.whatculture.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/thanos-copter.jpg 




 It's also contributes the myth of the hyper sexualised pre-teen who 'tricks' the older man. 

It's the same story told in Lolita and, to a lesser extent, American Beauty.

(although, in American Beauty, he realises she is a child before it is too late.)

It's a defense used by pedophiles the world over. 




 I have real misgivings about the church scene. 




 I rewatched Leon: The Professional at the behest of you guys. That movie has barely dated at all.

I find the sexualisation of Portman very uncomfortable, particularly knowing she received A LOT of 'fan' mail after the film came out. 




 Al Pacino in The Devil's Advocate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGR4SFOimlk 




 Just The Two Of Us.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WamkRSDeD8 




 This is something I really struggle with. I work at a lot of Bar Mitzvah's and it is very rare I come across a kid who is even close to being an adult. In fact, being labled as adults so early seems to turn them into immature little shits.

Can someone explain it to me?  




 Fist? 




 I wish I loved anything in this world as much as you love Ice Age.

And I have an 18 month old daughter. 




 Raiders is very much inspired by Quartermain so I can't imagine it holding up in court. 

 




 Watch The Road Warrior first. If she likes it, show her Mad Max followed by Thunderdome.

The first film is a low budget ozplotation classic and not a reflection of the series as a whole. It's very much a product of it's time and place.  




 The Departed! Both great films. 




 The original is fantastic. 




 God yes! Both films are excellent. 




 Is it really a remake? Or just a homage?

 




 There's three remakes of that one isn't there? 




 I loved the original 1988 Bourne Identity with Richard Chamberlain. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDA0K_dIhxk

Ocean's 11 has all but killed the memory of the Rat Pack original.

The 1978 Invasion of the Body Snatchers is way better than the 1956 original.

Same with True Grit, The Fly and John Carpenter's The Thing, that all outshine their 1950's originals.

There's also a tonne of French films that have been surpassed in popularity (if not quality) by their originals. True Lies, The Bird Cage, Three Men and a Baby and Down and Out in Beverly Hills.


 




 King Solomon's Mines is a pearler. There's half a dozen film versions dating back to 1937 but my favourite has always been the post Raiders of the Lost Ark with Richard Chamberline (the first Jason Bourne) and a very young Sharon Stone. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7VEheWX2tg

 




 I'd watch the shit out of that. 




 John and Joan Cusack in Grosse Point Blank.
Ben and Casey Affleck in Shakespeare in Love
The Wayans Brothers in pretty much everything.... 




 Unlike tekylasunrise who will be in our memories forever. 




 YOU'RE delightful and charming. 




 Winona Ryder as...spock's mother? 




 Check out this version of Brock:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YDYL6oECjU 




 Ah, I'm just razzing ya.

Enjoy the movie.  




 How can you be a full grown male if you use words like "beta" and "Nickelback"?

 




 I have no idea! It's quite thick but soft. 




 What colour dress shoes for a midnight blue suit? 




 Thinner cotton would wrinkle easier yes?  




 That's a good point. They wrinkle around the buttons so they might be straining. 

 




 You mean *without* right? 




 Being a bit larger a wrinkled shirt looks terrible on me, particularly around the buttons. 

I have a superfine cotton shirt that doesn't easily wrinkle. 

http://www.turnbullandasser.co.uk/white-herringbone-superfine-shirt-229

Any other hints? 




 How does that work with public liability insurance and workers comp?  




 The Late Show (australia) from 1993.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ENQT3le7k

(all of the jokes are horribly dated and very Australian) 




 Yeah, I know Brian a little. :) 

He's more of a magic teacher than I am. 

I prefer the history and writing. http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22404984-chasing-the-ace

Plus, he has better hair. 




 Richard Linklater sure did. 




 Boyhood.

 




 God yes. And such a cynical attempt at hipster cred. 




 I am a professional magician, published author and collector of on cons and scams and that movie offended me as all three.

 




 Good luck with that. 




 You should hang out with my Jewish friends. I've never heard them agree on any subject. 




 Some form of religion is practiced by the vast majority of this planet. The idea that, regardless of the validity of their beliefs, that those people get no sort of benefit from their rituals and practices is hard to believe.

These rituals, ideas and beliefs were not created by a magical man in the sky but by real people with real needs and desires. 

The stories we tell and create reflect who we are as people. The evil that religions do is created by people, as is the good. 







 




 Brilliant. Thanks. 




 Getting together with your people who are NOT your friends and family on a weekly basis. 




 Brilliant. Thanks.  




 I don't think anyone asked you to.  




 They're under no obligation to be objective so long as the facts are there. It's not a news story. It is the story of that man's life and struggles.

 




 What kind of nuance do you want? 




 I regretted it as soon as I clicked submit. 









 How so? 




 What was that old Atari game with the little cars on the tracks? Like Mashed two decades earlier. 




 I want 15 friends 









 Thanks! I've been pronouncing it Tree-el. 

Would I stress the TREE or the LAY? 




 It's the spanish name for the Shell Game.

http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trile 




 I was obsessed with the Empire Records soundtrack as a teenager. I hated the film and everytime someone calls it 'our generations Breakfast Club' I want to punch them. 




 I'm not sure. All the actors have American accents though. 




 FCUK t-shirts are often 2 x $40 and they're great quality. They last longer than cotton on. 




 Wow. That became a thing quickly 




 Mr Nice Guy was shot in Melbourne.

It's not the most famous film (that would be Ghost Rider or On The Beach) but it is just so clearly my city that I get great pleasure in watching Chan destroy it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUEWCf3IJN4 




 At the end of the film, we see that so much of his problem with Marla is in his own head and that he's actually been in a relationship with her the whole time.

He's made her into the villain in his own delusional way. 




 No shoes, no service? 




 I never said the movie wasn't any good! It always though it was a brilliant piece of satire.

I'm sure the redpill and MRA douchnozzles are trying their darnedest to find some sense of male identity. But, like so many douchenozzles before them they are doing so by creating an imaginary enemy. 

In my day, you just jerked off and played Doom until three in the morning. But these pricks, that's some tyler durden level delusion. 

EDIT: Never mind. Had a look at your profile. I didn't realise how deep down the rabbit hole you were. I hope you find some peace in the world and work through your problems without hurting too many people along the way. All best.






 




 There's part of me that wants to be Ron Swanson. My wife wants me to be Andy.

We both have to accept I'm Ben 




 I prefer the film's ending. The book feels like a cop-out. 




 what was the point, to your mind? 














 Ooh, you're right. I just spent the last hour reading about the imitation game!  




 no one! It's closing in a fortnight!  




 http://bcove.me/fny660bo 




 They did yes. 

By the time we reach the end any resemblance to the Turing Test is long gone.  




 Not really. A turing test requires the tester to know there is a machine. The pilot had no reason to doubt her humanity. 




 Technically, there was never a proper Turing Test.

The tester is supposed to know that there is 50/50 chance they are talking to a machine and be fooled. 

Caleb always knows she is a machine and so it could never be such a test. 




 I was also fascinated by the gender politics of it. All of the humans were men and all of the robots were women.  




 I was more fascinated by Kyoko and what her story was. Why did she stab Nathan? Did she understand her surroundings? Why did she peel of her skin for Caleb?

I found her far more interesting than Ava. 

Also, a better dancer. 




 I kind of wish we had Fight Clubs in basements instead of the whiny shits of the MRA, Gamergate and PUA communities trying to assert their masculinity in the pettiest of ways. 




 Wall Street (1987) inspired a generation of brokers. Micheal Douglas is approached by people daily who say he inspired them. :\ 




 I always thought it was a satire, poking fun at modern masculinity and consumer culture. Today, in an age of MRA and redpills and rapey frat boys it is more relevant than ever.

But I know so many young men who take it seriously. Much like the stockbrokers who love Wall Street or gangsters who quote Goodfellas.



 




 Where did you see it? 




 A new film about being a geek from some of the coolest people in the world. 




 More empire state buildings! 




 If someone is going to be executed, then they should be executed. It's a brutal and barbaric form of punishment that solves nothing. 




 I'm really tired and my first reaction was:

"Wow, what are the chance of OP having a giant of poster of Van Gogh on the train with him?" 




 What did you decide? 




 Here's the stuff they do:

http://the-f.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/OH-1-800x450.jpg

And here's the competition link:

http://bit.ly/1GroLK0

EDIT: I don't work for Oscar Hunt. I just like their stuff. 




 Showrunners any good? 




 Number is pure The Cars That Ate Paris.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKrZ8eTcdK4 




 Try googling any of the following for more on the treatment of Aboriginal people by early settlers.

1) Lobbing The Distance
2) Myall Creek Massacre 
3) The Black War 




