 I live in the philly area and recently i have seen major throttling. This wasnt ever an issue before. 




 I had scabies too 7 yrs ago and it honestly changes your life for the worst. Fear and anxiety def take over. 

Had a coworker tell me that her daughter just got back from a scabie infected region and my body activated all of its defenses just at the word of it. I hate scabies! 




 Yea. Even hulu is like this. 




 Both comcast and fios have their on-demand services that i guess you can say competes with nefflix. 




 They want u to switch out.  




 Yea same here. Its bull crap 




 Most of the times it 5/5. 




 I have unlimited data and havent met the 5 gb threshold but im still being throttled crazy. Anyone else facing similar issues? 









 He means would he be ok with other giving respect space to other religions. I think. 




 Im being serious. Not sure why it was downvoted. 




 So did ya get the job or naaw 




 There are tons of resources that state that to reduce anxiety one must meditate.

What's the Christian version of Meditation?  




 Dude u win the internet today! Loved the originals. I cant wait for this! 




 If someone doesnt then I think we as a community should.  




 I am going through something similar and I would highly recommend seeking a therapist.

I have been going for a year and though i havent fully recovered I am at a point where I can somewhat function better in life. 

One of things that I keep hearing about for improving recovery is Mindfullness/meditation. Still learning about this while being careful to not get into some eastern religion tantra. 

Cardio helps out alot with depression. Go for a walk or exercise and you will see improvements.
 




 Im from philly. Where can i sign up? 




 I meant murdered in the ring.  




 Thats how pacquiao would state his death wish. Mayweather would basically murder him for humiliating him like that. 




 And then cries 




 Or let next yr play out and see how it goes. Dude is known for injuries.  




 He should change his name to Mariota! 




 Mariota says he doesnt want to play for Chip 




 Im surprised at how easily it destressed me! Thanks! 




 Its a valid bet. Most likely guaranteed returns. 




 I think mostly everyone wants Pac-Man to win. But we all think realistically Mayweather will win. If this fight had taken place few years ago then maybe Pac-Man could've won.

All that said though, I hope Pac-Man wins! 




 The way to get out of a burnout is to take pleasure in life.

Some ways to do that :
Make real connections with people. Hard to do.
Find fun things to do. Play sports, games, movies, etc.
Workout. Minor achievements till you're on track.
Being positive.

 




 Yupp reached this point after trying alot of alternatives. Fixing the symptoms instead of the causation. 

Still working on getting to 100% percent but getting there slowly. 




 weather right now is in the 60s F. Cold but leading into Spring.
Best time to plant seeds is in fall, and the next best time is in the Spring. I'm going to take my chances with Spring. I've delayed it too long. 




 til dont read forbes 




 Not an expert nor even an amateur. So take my suggestion with a grain of salt.

My lawn is for the most part in a crappy situation too. So I also got fed up with it and called a local landscaper.
He is going to dethatch, aerate, apply a mix of blue kentucky grass seeds (maybe in your case apply bermuda grass), and then apply fertilizer after 6-8 weeks.
So those are the steps to recover it seems. 




 Nope. Whats senpai? 




 I dont get it 




 It is and were still doing the typical stuff. But i just dont mix food with girls. Not my thing.  




 U smell right 









 Sweet thanks! 




 How can I get a ticket if I dont own season pass tickets. Seems like a fun time. 




 With Omega-3 




 That made me lol 




 I tried this and it just doesnt taste good. 




 What do you guys do when the Bible starts to get boring 




 I have a very hardtime making decisions.
And people have said that go with your gut alot than trusting anything else. 
 




 Oh well dude. Life happens. 
 




 i like it 




