 I like to think of it as sharing what I have to offer (   ) 




 I posted this at like 3 am last night but thought more people would see it if I deleted and reposted during the day. So you're right. 




 If fucking only. This was my friend's conversation actually, and he said the most they ever talked about was homework. 









 Hey Nick! I was lucky enough to be in the audience in Bloomington, IN last month to hear you lay it to our governor for an hour and a half. I laughed/clapped my ass off. I've been trying to apply paddling my own canoe to my every day life. My friends and I actually waited in the lobby to try to get you to read part of a script we were working on. My question is, how can someone make an impact on people they don't know? How did you know cancelling your Indianapolis show would make as big of an impact as it did? 




 I thought of myself as a big macho scary movie fan until I watched the canal alone at 3 am. The final scenes had me with my blanket up to my eyes, which were as wide as they could be. 




 Prepare yourself. [Eric Wareheim's CREEPIEST music video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV7VNhzFLOQ) 




 Okay don't 


































 What if i'm both? por que no los dos? 




 Why did you scare the shit out of me as a child? 




 How do I get rid of the virus on my computer?  




 Do you think I'm stupid? Hostess had the blood buy back system implemented immediately after twinkies came back into business. 




 I'll use your children's umbilical cords as straws as I drink your blood 



















 I knew what this was immediately, this is that weird egg movie where they fly logs like planes 




 Hey Gordon, why didn't the duck cross the grill? He didn't want to be a roast duck. Also, how do you feel about using cream of potato in gravy for biscuits? 




 Over the summer off the coast of South Carolina, my father and I witnessed a red ball appear floating miles at sea from our condo balcony around 11:30 at night. Of course we thought it was a flare and wondered what we could do to help this lost ship, but the red ball remained visible for a few seconds until going out. About 15 minutes later, the same red ball appeared, then split into two floating balls out at sea. Have you ever heard anything like this before?  









 Eating biscuits and gravy covered in mustard changed the way i looked at both individually. Imagine. 




 I may or may not have went through a phase where I would create fake pizza coupons, then when the driver shows up i tip them and they don't know the company well enough to not accept it. I also created a bunch for drive throughs and would say i took an online survey. 




 I can already feel the welt from reeming my knee on a brass jawbone. 




 Oh no! It's "idle-glass-of-water girl!" 









 Mr. Nobody. I know sometimes when a movie is overly complicated just to be complicated it adds the feeling that the producing team is trying too hard, but with Mr Nobody I felt as though i was trying to solve a mystery called what the fuck is going on. 




 Why did you quit Franklin and Bash, besides the fact that every episode is essentially the same? 









 When I was eleven I wrapped my pecker in scotch tape, starting at the head and spiraling down. Once I got to the base and the now purple crooked toothpick was beginning to hurt, I knew mistakes had been made. So um, scotch tape. 




 Riff Raff. I bought my girlfriend a ticket for her and myself to see him 2 Christmases ago, thinking he was funny in anything I'd seen him in. He had FOUR OPENERS, then I realized I thought he was funny because he was joking with his routine and lifestyle but when he came out and danced in his dumb clothes it wasn't a joke anymore. Plus he poured Croc into my underage girlfriend's mouth. Riff Raff if you're reading this I hate you. 




 Oh shit! Now I have to clean my closet to look for them :c 









 On toga day of my senior year, a strange autistic kid asked me if togas were flammable. He then asked the teacher for a lighter. 









 What was it like going through that woodchipper? Were you okay?  




 Rick and Morty season 2 




 Did you know William "Bill" Robinson? He was my great grandfather from Indianapolis, and was also a Pearl Harbor surviver.  




 Did you know your city is a level in Sniper Elite? 




 Ohai johnny, how did you get into making YouTube videos? Also what country are you from? Thanks, you're my favorite customer. 




 If you want to move shoes from one place to another, it looks like lifting shoes will be your only option 




 If me creating an earth in my head and imagining life on that planet is the same as us existing, do the people I gave free will to in my brain fall out of existence as soon as I think of something else? Are we just waiting for someone to forget about us? 




 Working in the year 1 AD probably made this way less special  




 why, what is it? 




 Your arms fling up like a happy dandelion of love, good work pal 




 I watched her eat a plate of pretzels out of the bag with a little cup of ranch next to her to dunk them in. I had looking past her chubbiness until then. I'm shallow guys hi  




