 Not with that attitude. 




 Download viber 




 Tacos. Tacos any day and every day. 




 www.meatspin.com 




 Plot twist: OP does not work in a dental office. 




 Wait, why are you mentioning Serato? Hook the cdj up to the laptop to load songs from rekordbox.  




 As low as your standards will go, I suppose.

Also, /r/beatmatch 




 I thought you just had to hook one cdj to the other, then hook the second to the computer? 




 1. Spend all your free time honing and perfecting your skills.

2. Blow all your hard earned cash on gear and tracks.

3. Attend lots of local events and gain a humble following. Okay, well not a "following," but people might say they've "heard of" you.

4. All your years of hard work and dedication have paid off and you KNOW that you're better than most big djs you see.

5. Fail to get any gigs and become bitter and jaded. 




 Drugs 




 if you are characterizing it like that, what *does* suck?  when would it be correct to use that word?

When referring to OP's mom. 




 I have a grumpy cat mug with the word "No" on it. 




 Would the bird that got swallowed not be able to peck its way out? 




 If you have to bend over at all, then the table is too low. If standing, you should be able to touch your set up while your back is fully erect. Being hunched over will cause back, neck and shoulder pain, as you've described.

 




 M'iscarriage 




 _

 




 Very accurate depiction of what I observe on a daily basis. I'm from the newest generation of workers, fresh out of college with a results oriented culture and I work at a government agency where there's a lot of bureaucracy.

People are lazy, incompetent, and inefficient. It's just the culture here. I tried to outshine other peers when I started here but it was met with a negative response. I was seen as over stepping my bounds. It's all about seniority here. It's not about how much work you do but about how long you've been here.

 




 Proctology 




 "It's the fucking Catalina wine mixer!" POW POW 




 Not at all. My remark was just about jack stands being unnecessary for a tire replacement. 

I know people who have died because they didn't use jack stands while underneath a car. It's not pretty. 




 I think you missed the point. The original post was about replacing a flat tire. Most people would just use the car jack. Using a jack stand to replace a flat shouldn't be necessary since you shouldn't be under the car while replacing a flat anyway.

Any time you are underneath the car, it is crucial to use jack stands. 




 While replacing a flat on the side of the road? 




 Plot twist: they're all dead. 




 You know how I know that you work at a big firm? Because you use dated business jargon like "mission critical." ;)

Edit: not sure what's up with the down votes. I thought the winky face smiley made it clear that it was a light hearted dig. I guess it hit a sore spot, you turds. 




 Sir Meowington 




 Well aware ;) 




 So a lesbian trapped in a man's body. 




 Because on certain other months, I don't drink beer! Haha. Sorry for the lame answer, but it's just my way of limiting beer consumption. 2 months no beer, 1 month beer, repeat. 




 Gin   tonic is my friend. I love beer but I only drink beer on certain months. 




 I prefer the "Family Van"

2 in the front, 5 in the back. 




 Is this the site that the one guy made that so called "hacked" the system to find the cheapest flights? 




 Wearing your gym uniform. Usually a t shirt and gym shirts 




 No. If your purpose is to waste time, and someone's post wastes your time, then you've achieved your goal.

 




 I hope they get this working for Stephen Hawking soon. 




 Let the dumber people get the grades they deserve. You're only doing a disservice to yourself, and society as a whole, when you help dumb people misrepresent their qualifications. 




 I don't mind when they screw up either. We're all humans and can't be perfect. I mind when the dj is obviously too shitfaced to play properly. 




 I heard that if you put cardboard cut-outs on a toy train set and play Christmas music, it also deters burglars. 




 I'm not sure if he's an alcoholic but, living the life of a super star dj, it's hard to turn down all the freebies offered back stage. 




 Solid advice here. 




 You know he's mixing live because he consistently screws up. I'm sure being drunk all the time contributes as well. 




 YouTube, but you would have to convert your music file into a movie file in order to upload it. 




 Right there with you. But man is it "heavy." 




 I still have some kikwear jeans with 40" leg holes. 




 Well, I mean, I just left them in there.I never used them. 




 http://imgur.com/UW3P4a5 




 I do 




 Chicken satay

Shrimp curry

Duck salad

Siam seafood

Fried whole fish


Plenty of other lo carb choices there. 




 Thanks for the info. This comment should be number 1. 




 Hey, you might as well enjoy your vices, but in moderation. 




 I limit myself to drinking only on the weekends (2 days). So I don't keep track of my carbs very closely on those days. 

I figure if I'm going to drink I might as well enjoy myself. Sorry, I don't have any accurate numbers for carb comparison for you.

I did a Google search and for 12oz of St. Bernardis I'm seeing 20-30g of carbs. That's no where near the 3g of carbs from Michelob ultra, but the choice for me is piss water vs. something I like to drink.

Edit: I scanned the bar code on a 12oz shock top just for fun. My fitness pal lists the following: 168cal, 15g carbs, 2g protein. 




 I'd like to offer an alternative train of thought. 

I drink beers with the highest alcohol content I can find. Gulden Drak, St. Bernardis ABT. 12, Delerium Tremens, La Fin Du Monde, are a few of my favorites.

They are all close to 9-10% abv. I would rather drink less beer with higher alcohol content than drink low carb beer, but end up drinking more. Added benefit, the beers are much better tasting and because I'm drinking less fluid overall, I feel less bloated. 




 My dj name is my real name. 




 Thanks. I figured I should eat more since, on my last set, sometimes, I'm really gassed. But I know it's not muscle failure because I've completed a higher number of sets before with little difficulty. 




 Thanks for taking the time to respond.

To answer your question about my goal weight. At 164lbs with 18% bf I have about 29lbs of fat. At my GW of 160lbs with 12% bf, I'll have about 19lbs of fat.

So my transition from 164lbs to 160lbs would involve losing fat at the same time, gaining muscle. Not a huge weight difference but my body composition would change. 




 Sounds like you've been slapped on the head too many times. 




 Hello, I've been doing keto for about 2 months now and have stumbled upon /r/ketogains 

I'm trying to get some more muscle definition and size but I'm unsure if my current method is the most efficient.

Right now, I'm working out about 4 days a week (mostly lifting). I'm on a 18% calorie deficit. I've noticed some size and definition but from reading around, I can only surmise that this may be "noob gains." 

It makes sense to me that in order to gain muscle, you have to eat more calories than you expend, so those calories can go towards muscle growth (to put it in very simplified terms, I know it's more complicated than that).

I noticed also though, that I've begun to plateau as far as seeing the quick results as I did from the beginning. Can I have some feedback? I'm worried if I eat at a surplus, I will gain fat as well (along with muscle, hopefully).

Is it possible to lose fat and build muscle while on a caloric deficit? Or should I bulk and then cut?
---
*Generated by [Keto Calculator](http://keto-calculator.ankerl.com) 8.5*

27/M/5'11" | CW 164 | 18% BF | Mostly sedentary | GW 160 @12%BF

* 1710 kcal Goal, a 18% deficit. (1288 min, 2085 max)
* 30g Carbohydrates
* 110g Protein (81g min, 134g max)
* 128g Fat (81g min, 169g max)

----
 




 Try adding some chopped green onions/scallions for extra flavor. 




 Sounds like a headache if you break up. 




 Ha! I don't even read the titles of posts. I just go into them. 




 More than you can afford, pal! 




 Yo momma so:

- fat, that when she hauls ass, she has to make 2 trips.

- stupid, she sits on the tv and watches the couch

- dumb, she threw a rock at the ground and missed.

- stupid, she stole free samples. 




 Be not fat. 




 Heavy cream beat into scrambled eggs. Best eggs ever. 




 

but given the nature of her work, she more than likely has dudes pounding her inbox, so we will see.

_ 




 He ded 




  mostly relevant 




