 by not being a fucking pussy 




 I can hardly ever take anything seriously. I joke around all the time, and laugh at almost everything. When a girl broke up with me at a restaurant once, I just laughed hysterically for like a minute.  




 Either that or anything with Melissa McCarthy.

LMFAO!!!! upvote for you 




 indeed 




 /u/trollabot zach_wizzle 




 /u/trollabot TrollaBot 




 /u/trollabot NoblePilsner 




 haha that gave me a real laugh 




 Calm down, sugar daddy. You don't have to do this. We can work something out. 




 Doesn't make much sense as this is an all-multiplayer game. If there is exclusive access, there aren't going to be many people playing... 




 Also, does the Horizon spinoff series add to the story, or is it unrelated? 




 I actually do think it's a bad film, but I just didn't want to get downvoted to hell by fanboys in denial. 




 Just look at their asses. They won't see you looking. ;) 




 I think it is, "Suck a dick, dumbshits!" 




 I do not understand why some women like this one take steroids. Men are attracted to feminine characteristics, not masculine ones. 




 Like is it good enough to buy on blu-ray or should I just rent it? 









 Donnie Darko

well it's more of a psychological thriller, but it's creepy 




 I really liked Adam Sandler movies.  




 haha what a cheapskate. couldn't just shell out a little extra money to get adiPowers. 




 all natty brah 









 Say, "Hey, you're being pretty pendantic."

If they respond with this, they're pedantic: "No, I'm *pe*dantic, not *pen*dantic." 




 wait, when you say "Gyllenhaal," do you mean Jake or Maggie? Maggie is a great actress, but she is a girl, so I don't think that would work. wait... I just had a brilliant idea. Jake as the Joker, and Maggie as Harley Quinn. The actors are brother and sister, so they probably would have great chemistry! make it happen 









 The Dark Knight Rises. Sure, it wasn't a *bad* film, but it just wasn't nearly as good as The Dark Knight or Batman Begins. 




 no, I'm not saying that I did this (I don't even have a dog); I want to know if anyone has.

you know what, everyone reading this probably thinks that I actually did this, so fuck this, I'm deleting the thread.
 




 No. The second I do that, my chance with her becomes zero. 




 This is probably very sadistic of me to force you to choose between these two great films, so sorry about that. I personally would choose The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 I just lost all self-respect. 




 What? No, I wouldn't do this; I was just wondering if anyone has done this. I don't even have a dog lol 




 rereading *The Brothers Karamazov* 




 This probably won't happen, but it would be awesome if Last Caress by Misfits was played at the credits of Suicide Squad right after the Joker does something really fucked up. 




 Blue Valentine  




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Karate Kid 




 Spirited Away

Howl's Moving Castle

My Neighbor Totoro

Princess Mononoke

Ponyo 




 I really like the movie Gremlins for some reason 




 it is very weird. she has a very fat upper body, but has nice legs.  




 hey take that back 




 yeah he is 




 yep 




 no, I wasn't looking for that. I didn't know that was a valid reason to not like her 




 Ted 2 




 wow 




 wow 




 wow 




 Yeah I just started watching it today. It's really good. 




 I really liked him for his Emmy-worthy performance in Sons of Anarchy and of course his Oscar-worthy performance in Pacific Rim. What a great actor. 




 "Leo, *sit.* No, Leo. *Sit on my face.*"

[sigh] "At least she's not getting out the peanut butter. Oh, the things I do for yum yums." 




 1. The Place Beyond the Pines

2. Blue Valentine

3. Pulp Fiction

4. Nightcrawler

5. Spirited Away 




 yeah well that's true for every comedian. nobody can please everybody. it just seems that she gets a lot more hate than most comedians. I am simply wondering why this is. 









 yeah she definitely doesn't do many squats, if any 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but are you using the term "wet" in the sexual context? sorry, but I am very, very confused 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but what does "stormy" mean in this context?
 




 idk you tell me 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but what does "overcast" mean in this context? 




 [here](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2 ik=a580ee8fa0 view=fimg th=14ea99f7ff11b310 attid=0.1 disp=inline safe=1 attbid=ANGjdJ9XxJFzyvyXTlyZGxyO-cs0HMp7uj-hFI8zh3Fbp8cwcaX13jprv0jAGTVpDiu_8D1G_wUcuo0JHopO-g5J8ZwPKeM1kPI_pwt5rskjHYpwB8Ap9sxaiao4GUo ats=1437364894981 rm=14ea99f7ff11b310 zw sz=w1256-h813) 




 [ok here](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2 ik=a580ee8fa0 view=fimg th=14ea99f7ff11b310 attid=0.1 disp=inline safe=1 attbid=ANGjdJ9XxJFzyvyXTlyZGxyO-cs0HMp7uj-hFI8zh3Fbp8cwcaX13jprv0jAGTVpDiu_8D1G_wUcuo0JHopO-g5J8ZwPKeM1kPI_pwt5rskjHYpwB8Ap9sxaiao4GUo ats=1437364894981 rm=14ea99f7ff11b310 zw sz=w1256-h813) 




 alright I just got back from my uncle's house, so just give me a sec while I upload them 




 Alright, fine. I have to go over there and then run back here, so it might take like an hour.  




 Okay, well if you really can't wait until tomorrow, I guess I could run over to my uncle's house now. 




 Okay, I guess I kind of got into troll territory at the end there, but my uncle really does think I look like Ryan Gosling. 




 I forgot my phone at my uncle's house, so I can't post a pic right now. Maybe tomorrow. I might forget, so please remind me.  




 It is serious. If Ryan Reynolds is considered sexually attractive, Father Magoo can, as my Sons say, "reel in da pussy." Father Magoo has sworn sacred vows, but if he is a "pussy-magnet," (so sayeth the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit) He is willing to put a temporary hold on His... umm... vows. 




 No, I'm serious. He wasn't saying this in a sexual way, if that's what you're wondering. I probably should have said "someone" said I look like Ryan Reynolds. Basically what I want to know is whether women think Mister Reyonds is sexually attractive because that would mean Father Magoo is sexually attractive by proxy, so that I can seduce my cute little Daughters into sin. 









 Sometimes while watching a movie with me, my uncle sighs and says, "He's going for the pity fuck." Is "the pity fuck" a real thing? 




 Brno
 




 well at least someone got it 




 I might be in the minority, but I like character depth in all stories. 




 No. I do *not* support rape. And I will *not* support it by watching a rape film. 




 Father Magoo to the rescue! 




 what are you talking about? I didn't delete anything 




 haha Star Wars is *not* science fiction, it's fantasy. 




 I wish I had $120 million to spare 




 You just *had* to start asking questions, didn't ya? Now you know too much. 




 Yes, Jax Teller has an alias that he uses for his acting career, which is "Charlie Hunnam." 




 He was great in Pacific Rim. Is he short on time because of The Club?

also no spoilers because I'm only at season 4

oh wait Jax Teller is going to be in Crimson Peak OMG he must be on good terms with del Toro... wait... is del Toro a member of The Club? 




 still a better love story than Twilight  




 huh, I never knew Britney Spears did Disney before.  




 Wow. Jesus. This was a joke, believe it or not. I just wanted to say, "I just saw Dallas Buyers Club and think that Jared Leto is a great actor and cannot wait to see him play the Joker" without coming off as a Jared Leto fanboy. It might be just me, but I'd prefer to read a silly joke rather than "OMG OMG OMG Jared is like *such* a great actor and i *totes* CANNOT wait to see him play the Joker OMG he's also like super cute no homo." 




 buffalo 




 or maybe OP *put that on his sleeping wife!*

[gasps] or maybe *she was never asleep*

maybe this is part of a conspiracy to *take over reddit and imgur*

*one.*

*step.*

*at.*

*a.*

*time.* 




 Action sci-fi is still action, and Pulp Fiction is a black comedy (it doesn't have to be obnoxious sex humor to be considered comedy). 




 oh remember the flashback where Bojack tells Herb to "get cancer"? 




 No, what I'm saying is that he did such an excellent job playing a transsexual junkie that now whenever I look at him I think of a transsexual junkie. Those examples are *not* analogous to what I am talking about. 




 Action - Aliens

Comedy - Pulp Fiction

Drama - The Place Beyond the Pines 




 Yeah, but Jared Leto owned the role of Rayon.  




 Have you seen the trailer? It looks fantastic. Jared Leto and Margot Robbie look perfect for their roles. 









 I just got back from Afghanistan. I was never able to get my favorite brand of muffins, so I would at least like to be entertained by Mister Arnett as I wallow in despair and morbid self-pity. For what is the meaning of our cruel, despondent existence, if we cannot even have our muffins? 




 Is that any good? Never heard of it. 




 Bojack has been my very first dive into The Will Arnett Pool of Fun and Happy Games. Please, give me more. 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 Yes, really. I really like it. 




 How am I supposed to know if you're a sociopath by just reading *one* paragraph about you? You sound pretty fucked up, but that doesn't answer your question. You've got to give me more information.  




 Yeah, I caught that too, but idk who she voiced.

huh... it doesn't mention it on her wikipedia

ok guys now I know

I just checked the bojack wiki page, and it looks like she voiced Irving Jannings (Kelsey's daughter) 




 You don't know me; I don't know you. Stop this charade. 




 Also, is Sextina Aquafina making fun of Katy Perry? 




 [walks slowly towards the door] 




 uhhhhhhhhhhhhh I never asked for this 




 No, it's A Ryan Seacrest Type. I just love the way he bulges his eyes at his guests.  




 far too large to use in the average woman.

I'm not an expert, but that sounds a little politically incorrect. Not that there's anything wrong with that. 




 Higher Love for comedy, Escape From L.A. for drama 




 Fuck, this episode was a complete laugh-fest. Almost as good as the muffins one. 




 Yeah, he's *such* a Zoe! 




 "Okay, thanks lunch lady."

"Yeah, bring one of your cats as a sidekick." 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 









 You are a wise Golden Labrador Retriever, but I don't understand that statement because it is not grammatically correct. 




 Anime Bojack directed by Hayao Miyazaki MAKE IT HAPPEN 




 mine is Mister Peanut Butter 




 lmfao 




 [The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete - The Smashing Pumpkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Bnp_Znp9M), to be directed by David Fincher  




 great show. 

"Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!"
 




 no, it would be weird if you didn't lol 









 The Hateful Eight (Quentin Tarantalino is always great), Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring), The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested), Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film), Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western) 




 Hey! Jakey Bear is MINE! You don't really love him! Leave him alone! 




 The Phantom Menace.  




 Todd. I don't think that's a good thing. 




 eh not really 




 18 




 Ant-Man, yes. Trainwreck, no. 




 Nope, Gyllenhaal. And Handsome Luke is Ryan Gosling, duh. 




 I'm thinking Jakey G and Handsome Luke. My Jakey Bear plays a character called "Arthur," and Handsome Luke plays "Kevin." Arthur gets romantically involved with Natalie Portman (who plays herself), who happens to be Kevin's old flame. Hijinks ensue. Also the show is now a sitcom filmed in front of a live audience.
 




 I'm thinking Jakey G and Handsome Luke. My Jakey Bear plays a character called "Arthur," and Handsome Luke plays "Kevin." Arthur gets romantically involved with Natalie Portman (who plays herself), who happens to be Kevin's old flame. Hijinks ensue. Also the show is now a sitcom filmed in front of a live audience. 




 definitely watch season one. it is fantastic. I might even say it is a masterpiece. I don't think I can say the same about season two, though...
 




 no, wait, it's actually *suck* a dick, dumbshits 




 Hey, you take that back! True Detective theme is *very* goovy! 

EDIT: You guys know I'm talking about the first season theme, right? 




