




 This needs more up-votes! They got a [seizure](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant rlz=1C1MSIM_enUS622US622 ion=1 espv=2 ie=UTF-8#q=seizures+definition) order and then did not charge him with anything... Yet went through with the whole guns drawn kicking the door in an intimidation tactic to scare him and his family, and any BTC entrepreneur Who wants to be a part of a crypto currency business endeavor. This is bullshit! It's like me trading baseball cards and having the feds break down my door insisting I report my +-$. 




 Janice Dickinson's interview with Nancy Grace was so weird... She was like a non actress trying to act... Wait, she isn't an actress and she is full of shit! Bill Cosby may or may not be a bad dude, but Throw Janice out of the mix. She is an attention hungry ex-model trying to recapture some fame in her golden years, shes 60 and lonely for the public eye. Her and Steven Tyler are like the same dude! [I'm not joking, look!](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lib7b4gsWR1qzptlvo1_500.jpg) 




 That's his point. "Don't park beside me!" He is your a-typical douche who thinks his new, any dad can afford Camaro, is the sweetest thing on the road. Like some others have said, he'll "Car"ate chop someones ankles in a turn or get sick of having to buy new cool guy wheel crap when he scrapes a curb doing 50 and just take up 2-4 slots like the rest of the "I'm better than everyone else" douches of the world. 




 Story time: 
I was a big kid, and now an adult who is smaller, 6'3" 250 range. Big but not a fat ass. Its hard to find friends when you are different "Yuk Yuk Yuk, what are you talking about mate, all Americans are fat! Hahahahahaha", ok are we done?. Anyway I was the nice kid, gentle giant, would help anyone anytime. That's how I was accepted and loved and enjoyed every minute of it with enthusiasm. There was a fella, several but this story is about just one.... Because I annihilated him.... Back to my story, he was about 5' 2" and was semi popular. He would poke and prod at me with chummy vigor. I was the first to make a joke about myself (Fat guy defense) but one day he went a little far. We were in shop class, automotive to be specific, and he decided, while the teacher was downstairs answering a phone call, it was his time to assert dominance over me by belittling me in front of my 20 some odd classmates. He told me to shut up and smacked the back of my head... TRIGGER for me. So I turned around and punched him in the side of the face with not 1 iota of hesitation. Mind you I'm mild mannered. The class had an audible "Gasp!" He looks at me with a look of dumbfound confusion. He decides to go forward so to not loose face, mind you I have over a foot on this guy and 100 lbs. He charges me and punches me in my stomach, (It would be more epic if I laughed) but I did not. I grabbed him around the neck and gave him 9-10 solid punches to the spine. Then I picked him up like the dude in the gif and threw him into an area of empty desks. The desk's went scattering and he was on the floor, he gets up and he was shaking like a leaf, stumbles toward me takes another week swing at me and I grab his hand and say "STOP! If you keep going I am going to kill you.... I don't want to hurt you anymore but I will if you don't go sit the fuck down!". He looks at me walks and picks up a desk and sets it upright and sits down. 10 seconds later the teacher walks in and says "What the hell did I miss?" No-one says anything. He looks at my foe and he is visibly shaking like a chihuahua and asks "Are you okay?" School fight rules in the 90's is you don't tattle, and says "yeah, im fine." Dude didn't talk or fuck with me for the rest of high school. Just to let you younger guys know, just because a guy is big and nice, He is like everyone else and has his limits. Don't Fuck with someone just because you think you can up your reputation, because most of the time, they will surprise you. 




 Oh but tell me you all wouldn't hit that shit. Annoying or not, whatever. She is very cute, and for a big girl she's got the curves in all the correct places.

**Edit:** Sorry for my super white guy wording, I can help what I am. 




 Ouch, the shiny meaty part is what hurts, did it to my toe not to long ago, I kept snagging the damned thing on my socks (Witch hurt a-plenty) so I did Ye Ole' 1----2---3 RIPPPP! lotta-pain-little-time  little-pain-lotta-time. 




 Heres a few tricks I used. Keep a scale in the kitchen. Weigh yourself often. Again it's all mental. Constantly ask yourself why you're depressed, ultimately it comes down to your weight and how you feel physically. To be completely honest it will be one of the hardest things you'll ever do but believe me when I say it's worth it. One sure fire way I use when I am gaining a few lbs is to go Paleo. it's not a diet really because you can eat and eat often if you want. Meats, vegies, fruit and certain oils. It takes a bit for your body to adjust to eating healthy but after a week or two its not even a big deal. Last I did it for 2 months and dropped 20 lbs in about a month 260-240. One thing NEVER do is starve yourself, I tried this and ended up in the hospital for 3 days early on in high school with Gallbladder stones, The doc told me a dramatic drop in weight was to blame. The more often you eat and smaller portions will up your metabolism a whole bunch, I can attest to that. You burn calories as you digest, quite a few too, and if you are constantly digesting you are constantly burning calories. Look into the paleo thing, I liked it because I could eat 2 porkchops for dinner if I wanted and not feel guilty, just no bbq sauce but you can grill pineapple and put some sesame oil on it and it's wonderfull. Good luck. 




 Roughly 375 lbs huh. I weighed exactly that senior year in high-school at 6'3". Got all the way down to 225 then leveled off in the mid 250 range since. You can do it. You will feel amazing. It's hard work.... Really hard. What I did was convince myself food was my enemy (Really it was) and I would only eat enough to keep going. 100 lbs in a year and a girlfriend. Being healthy opens doors my friend, you just have to figure out how to use your key. 




 2 handicap spots... Even in their world there are douchebags. 




 They are pets here in america, It's a cultural thing. I personally would not eat a dog or cat, but if it was life or death and my family needed to eat I wouldn't really have a choice I suppose. I love dogs so this image is disturbing to me. Doesn't mean it's wrong, just disturbing because I have had a few as pets. 




 You use your mouse to control her right hand, you navigate said right hand to apple and click and hold the apple and bring it to her mouth. If you feed her enough apples she gets slightly fatter, and when she gets too fat a mysterious hand comes from behind her and stabs her in the back and releases all the apples you fed her. If you drop the apple out of reach of the fat lady another yet mysterious appendage (A fish netted leg) comes from the other side to kick the apple closer to the fat lady so she can reach it, get her fill, and get stabbed yet once again so she can eat more apples. there is creepy violin music with a little piano playing in the background, real scratchy like, And the artistry is that of a French coffee house drawing. 




 [Here](https://www.flickr.com/people/hapshaw/photosof/page2/) is his Flickr account with some after photos. 














 In Portland Oregon here we have hybrid electric buses, the batteries are roof mounted. Lets hope its not a hybrid electric bus and the batteries leaked. 




 I agree, 19.99$ for a box fan compared to 300$ for a space aged smarmy yuppie artsie fan. Don't buy into the Dyson hype folks. 




 ...I still would. In less than a heart beat. 




 [Here is one being open](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eToj0NQ7AFw) 




 Complete with the Dairy [queen sunglasses!](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/93/0e/5f/930e5f6a44cf514adcc1e06f4167fbf5.jpg) where my 80's folks at? 




 Come on now, don't be a snarky Reddit snob. Obviously he wasn't the first. He is a new redditor check his profile. barely 2 weeks old. You should be a little kinder. Welcome to Reddit DolphinHeart. 




 Spooky stuff! It's hard to tell these kind of stories because often people don't believe you. I have a friend with a Sasquatch story from when he was like 13 (Were in our 30's now) that he doesn't tell a lot of people for the above reason. But when he tells it you can see in his eyes and paled face that he is not joking. I believe there's some weird stuff out there.  




 This is the correct correction. 




 Looks delicious (Not being gross) but are their condiments in the pocket? 




 2 [ED-209's](http://www.theoldrobots.com/images27/ED209-2.JPG) from RoboCop procreating. 




 I am an Oregonian, This would be pretty cool since we can legally smoke after July 1st. How would it work though? 




 My sister collects Cobalt blue glassware, but she has no cobalt blue dildo... Your grandma has the hookup on glassware. 




 I wish my girlfriend would make me a Bitcoin cake :( You rock! He's a lucky fella! 




 I love this, you just took top comments snarky karma greedy ass to the octagon and made him/her your bitch! And topped it off with an honest answer to thwart his/her egotistical need to play devil's advocate to cope with some sort of childhood feeling of insignificance to make him/her self fell better about themselves because of lack of parental praise in early life. Have yourself an upvote! 




 You got me!... Wait... You mean Milwaukee Wisconsin. I WIN! It's spelled different. [See!](https://www.google.com/maps/place/6433+SE+Lake+Rd,+Milwaukie,+OR+97222/@45.4287255,-122.5949065,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x54957509f41c9841:0x6405aa0050bdc03a) 




 Transport and handling is where the problem lies. Manufacturer-Distributor-Store-customer. It changes hands a minimum of 3 times before you get it. One mistake during the distribution process and your going to have a bad time. 




 Family of Beavs, but a closet Duck fan. Shhh! 




 We have a sysco distribution warehouse here in the beaver state too. Couldn't [Sysco](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view1/3990173/sisqo-o.gif) just stick to his music and not mess with our food :/ 




 Oldish as far as dem innanets go. My first "Online" was a prodigy account my dad had on a 386 with an external modem. After the phone in the carriage thingy but before a 14.4 kbaud. My first online game I ever played was where in the world is Carmen Sandiego and it wasn't multiplayer. So yeah, a little oldish. 




 It's an old gamer tag, I'm oldish (33) and back in the mid 90's you were allotted 8 characters for a username in games like Duke Nukem 3D. so I picked my initials and 3D after my favorite game. Real clever for a 15 year old kid I know, but it stuck. 




 You are correct, Someone corrected me earlier and got downvoted. But everyone keeps telling me its a handlebar mustache so I prematurely typejaculated.   




 Wilsonville right? We just hired a guy from Sysco, but he called in sick too much and was let go. 5 days in 3 months before seniority is too much. He was a fast picker too, nice guy. You might know him. Brett (No last name for internet reasons) 




 I work with some a-holes. But not all of us are bad. A lot of us are family men and pick our kids up from school and go to dinner with our spouses and are just normal folk. But I will agree, there are some grizzly old salts with more than a chip on their shoulder that give "the people in the warehouse" a certain image that might not be so desirable. And me personally don't think I deserve anything more than the next person. 




 Those tubs are used for delivery only, the dry Ice we pack them in only keeps the food to standard temp for like maybe a day, 2 at most if it's winter. But 95% of our frozen food orders are just your standard pallet of frozen food stacked 65 cubes per pallet, then the store puts them in their freezer. We use the Chests and tubs only when the trailer delivering the product's route has a store on they way to their end route. Many factors for using chests and tubs. We try not to use them so much. For routing profitably they are essential. But no, our largest customer is Cash Carry and they never get tubs, they order so much it's profitable to give them the frozen section of the refrigerated trailer. 




 You too. 




 I work at the Milwaukie Oregon based Unified distribution warehouse. But I here stories about the Commerce California distribution center... As well I'm sure they hear stories about us. 




 Believe me when I tell you we have meetings about this kind of stuff. (Keep in mind this pizza did not come from my warehouse) We distribute Totino's, Paul Newman, Amy's frozen pizza and a few others, not Freschetta. But from time to time a new employee or a tired vet lets something slip through the cracks. Oh the Joys of human error. And those pizzas come in boxes of 10 or more, so there are other unhappy customers out there too. 




