 Just bought my first car with this feature.  Thanks for the warning.  




 Jesus, Byfuglien is a monster. Berlgund may be a pussy but he is still a big dude. He just got man handled. 




 Because Jesus 




 I feel weird now. 




 I'm cool with that too 




 you should get to name an undiscovered system. 









 Ive been reading both of you guys for a long time, I feel like the policy focus and reasonable tone of the work you guys do is really a breath of fresh air. Do you feel like its resonating and having a broader impact on the dialog and/ or journalism in general? Secondarily,  does Vox have any drawbacks you werent expecting relative to WaPo, Slate/CAP, etc? 




 another shining example of rational self interest aggregating for the common good. 




 fair question.   




 sooo... you're saying i should sell computers on ebay? 




 Agreed. The Vader parallel is a good one. I could just never wrap my head around it.  Clearly he's a smart man but it's like he forgot how to think critically. He's a right wing think tank bubble boy. 
It's like he stepped out of phase with anything that contradicts his own conclusions.  

There is a reason why he never publishes serious work for peer review.  
 




 Friends don't let friends take Thomas Sowell seriously.    ... He's like a stupid person's idea of a smart person. 




 Deadwood references, upvotes for everyone! 




 sweeeeeeeeeet! 




 any chance of getting an Elder Scrolls online and/or Elite: Dangerous icon? 




 Wrong image but still Wayne's World. Fuck it, have an upvote. 









 yeah, it shouldn't be a problem. The only thing i can think of at all is that you may have to select the bluetooth device as your playback device in the sound manager. 




 No. Someone posted it in /r/pics and it reminded me of The Tower. 









 EVERY.DAMN.TIME. 




 damn
 




 I know that feel, bro.

http://i.imgur.com/Yym82B5.jpg 




 Michael Sandel is such a badass.  




 A song for the occasion http://youtu.be/NfADpPSuERk
 




 A municipal sales tax funded the sidewalk he was laying on therefore the municipal sales tax played a role. 




 exactly.   




 http://www.cnn.com/2014/12/03/politics/rand-paul-eric-garner-taxes/index.html

There is something about the most visible spokesperson of a political philosophy, the primary predication of which is suspicion of the state monopoly on violence, standing in front of a camera in the wake of the needless death of an individual at the expense of that power, talking about cigarette taxes that strikes me as ridiculous in the extreme.  Not just ridiculous, sad

Further, I see an absolutely vital place in our national discourse for a libertarian perspective in the wake these killings. We stand to benefit from a voice that is deeply suspicious of not just state power broadly, but with the specific execution of that power. And in a way that is cognizant of the structural inequality within and without our justice system predicated by our political institutions. After all, this is I think the libertarian critique of the state at its best and most useful. What is worse is that I think it is a pernicious and denialist kind of racism that prevents any useful contribution by libertarians. Its like theyve all bought into the idea that we live in a perfect individually driven meritocracy and that systemic variables dont exist oh, except taxes.

Id be interested in what you guys think, I just wanted to get that off of my chest. 
 




 of all the self aggrandizing bullshit... 




 Within the full context of her remarks, shes not wrong really. But it's a nuanced position and most people wont look passed the "concentration camps" line. It's a shame because her view on colonialism's role in the creation of terrorism and extremism spot on. 




