 It's pretty much unknown how smart cats are. It's unclean whether they are just stupid or don't give a damn.  




 I know reading is hard,  but put some effort into it.  




 Depends on the breed. There are stupid breeds and smart breeds of dogs. The level of intelligence of dogs is measured in how many examples a dog needs to pick up a certain behaviour. Some dogs need 50+,  some breeds less than 10. 




 Cats are surprisingly trainable with the right methods. Click training works well.

Also patience. They do not learn as quick as dogs.

Source: Trained my cat to shit and piss ~~on~~ in the toilet. 




 Nope. 




 Honestly though. I live in Frankfurt (and am German), but my family currently lives near Amsterdam. I can guarentee you that Dutch roads are vastly superior to German roads.

German roads are God tier to the rest of the world, but the Dutch got that stuff down much much better.

You're right about driving classes being expensive. I think the average is about 50 an hour with 30-40 lessons before exam being the norm. 




 Front and back indeed. Front 1080p 60fps. Rear 72p 60 fps. Haven't had to use it yet, but I am glad I have them.

Also good for checking what speed you went when you passed a mobile speed check you didn't notice in time. 









 Problem is, Microsoft has a loooooong way to go for Android Cortana.  




 Something along the lines of "reported for spreading nazi propaganda".

What a twat that guy was. 




 This was absolutely hypnotising.  




 Downvoted for being an idiot.  




 Lol two weeks to pay 150 grand.  




 We do not speak if the American remake. Ever. 

I would rather marathon Star Wars episode 1,2,  and 3 than ever watch Oldboy US again.  




 Click with huge tits and a massive cleavage became my vomit receptacle. There is a video of it. And no,  I will not share it.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/35bp48/wp_valhalla_is_filled_with_the_strongest_warriors/ 




 "Set temperature to celsius."

Just tell Cortana  




 Works perfectly on a Nexus 6 running 5.1.1. I'm missing that smooth sexy Cortana voice though. Just plain Generic Jane.

Edit: I change my mind. This feel like a pre-alpha Google now.  




 Half Norwegian half German (northern) here. Doesn't get more Asgardian than that.  Loved Ted pt1. Your story is now canon for me in the epic of Ted.  




 We see butchers here as well. This is a whole lot more skillful than butchery. 




 If you've ever experienced a grown in toenail that bad you'd be ready to chop your own toe right off. This is pretty mild compared to the alternative.  




 Please tell my boss this. I love golf and hate sit down meetings.  




 24/7 Hava Nagila on max volume.  




 Last sentence: shivers down my spine. 10/10. 




 Get a clunker with manual transmission. Wait till idiot roadrages you. Drop gear. Brace. Laugh and get his insurance jacked sky high.  




 Graduated highschool at 15. Fast tracked my technical bachelor and master in 3 years. Decided the army was for me. 18 month of officer school. Lieutenant before the age of 20. 

What they didn't tell me is that being 20 in an officer position bring with it about 0 real respect. Just rank. Did my 4 years. Left disillusioned. 

edit: Not in the US.

edit2: Also the pay sucked. 




 Good.  




 Found a large chunk of flint. Picked it up. Threw it on a big rock to split it. It split and send a piece about 15x15x15 cm big into my flesh. Spend 3 days in the hospital.

I tell people I got stabbed. Which is sort of true.
 




 Ok Google play LED ZEPPELIN on SPOTIFY.

Works every time. I think it might learn your preference for spotify after a while as well. 




 Any self respecting brick or online biking store. Prices vary between 50 and 300 us. 




 Erythritol .  Tastes like sugar. Melts like sugar. No gastrointestinal reaction.  Zero calories,  zero glycemic load. 60-70% sweetening power of sucrose.  




 You are clearly an ignorant little child and pretty much every marketeers dream.  




 Also he played an 18 holer in the morning. Drank some wine with lunch and smoked a bit. Then rekt them. 




 Double Bronson.  




 He better get two Oscars for that. Lead and supporting actor.

 




 In your opinion.  




 What gives you the authority to tell me to tone down?  




 So Jersey Shore?  




 Completely. Does make you look like a bit of an idiot, but feel free to express it.  




 Hence white bread beating out pure flour.  




 White wheat flour bread actually has a higher glycemic load than refined sugar. 

Pure white flour has a glycemic load of 66

Sucrose has a glycemic load of 68. 

White bread has a glycemic load of 70

You're better off munching 100 grams of table sugar than munching on 100 grams of white bread. 
 




 I travel often for work. To make this comment I opened my tracker file and count 167 dinners in restaurants,  year to date. I can confirm that I gained 25 pounds in that same period, even though I do not have desert or a starter. 

So. Much. Butter.  




 The only national treasure in that movie is Nick's acting talent.  




 BRB my house-woman needs to be put in the hotbox. But first I need to whip my field-woman because she tried to run away.  




 25% interest?  I wasn't aware the Corleone family ran a veterinary clinic.  




 This is how I ended up with my dog. I was at the vet with my cat and a couple came in with the cutest dog ever. Apparently the dog had issues and they couldn't afford to operate. I offered to pay the bill if I could have the dog (wife wanted a dog). They were actually happy that the dog wasn't put down. Week later I had my 2000 euro Corgi. Worth every penny.  




 100 euro discount over the cheapest price I could find online on an Xbox One. I'm pretty happy to say the least.  




