 His character/writing has definitely gotten more humorous this season. After all, he has gotten some of the best one liners on the show. 

"Spitters are quitters, and you don't look like a quitter to me." 
"...waving your vagina around like a loaded gun." 




 I think Will officially has a more violent relationship with Chiyo than Hannibal. She pushed him off a train and then shot him. And all Hannibal did was a little stabbing...  




 "And what do we say to the God of death?" 

"Not today." 

Bedelia channeling her best Arya Stark.  




 I think there's something wrong with all of us who are enjoying the hell out of this show. Welcome to the club :)  




 He has been fantastic, especially in tonight's episode. Love his deliveries of his lines (which he has so many great ones.) I was sold on Joe Anderson 1 or 2 episodes ago on the line "good as new" after his surgery. Such snark.  




 It was so well acted too. There was so much joy in Hannibal at seeing Will again, in the flesh, but they were so restrained with each other. They seemed almost like friends again... 

They were so civil with each other that it almost blindsided me when Will pulled that knife out to stab Hannibal later. Though I guess it makes sense,  




 Every week the level of film making on this show astounds me. Loved the scene where Chiyo and Jack just silently seize each other up. So subtle. But spoke volumes.  




 It was almost a mirror of the scene when he stabbed Will at the end of season 2 as well.  




 Mason and Margot raising a child could be a hilarious sitcom titled Two and A Half Vergers. 

Spin off anyone?  




 Best kaleidoscope sex scene I've ever seen.   




 Welp, at least they didn't noticeably blur out Botticelli's painting this time.  




 More sassy Bedelia tonight on Hannibal. 

*"I have not marinated long enough for your tastes."* 

I really expected her to get offed by Hannibal, but it looks like she's gonna pull through alright. I guess she's survived this long because she can go toe to toe with Hannibal any day. Remember that quip about his sister? 

  




 So everyone has basically been too busy tripping over themselves to try and kill Hannibal alone that they are all basically thwarting each other. Great teamwork guys.  




 Damn Alana gets all the best sex scenes. 

NBC giving HBO and USA a run for their money.  




 Noooo.... must savor the remaining episodes.  




 Seriously right?  




 This is a good theory except if you go watch or read any of the interviews Bryan has given about his 6-7 season vision of Hannibal.  




 This trailer music. 




 Bryan Fuller stop fucking with us.  




 AGH he just sliced Jack's Achilles's tendon.  




 FUCK!  




 Yeah, Hannibal's totally marinating Will right now.  




 Alanna gets all the great sex scenes.  




 Or a hilarious sitcom... it could be called Two and A Half Vergers.  




 10/10 great with rice  




 Holy shit Will was about to stab Hannibal.  




 Will is not buying this shit for a minute.  




 I know right? Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 I really hope he doesn't find out about Elliot's shady activities. I really like Gideon and I don't want Elliot to have to ruin his life or otherwise set him up for something.  




 Uh, not to mention the bdsm with a pregnant lady. Or beating up homeless people for money.  




 I know right? Beating up homeless people for money, gay sex, and bdsm with a pregnant lady. DAMN USA. Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 Wow this was a crazy episode - beating up homeless people for money, gay sex, and bdsm with a pregnant lady. DAMN USA. Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 Mullholland Drive is pretty famous street in LA. It's been featured in a bunch of movies, etc.  




 LOL... I had the exact thought this week. They were being rather subtle about it in the previous weeks and then we just get bludgeoned over the head with it this week. 

Also, that just made me remember that creepy photographer guy following Paul who was up to no good.  




 Haha, at least Sorkin's stuff flows well as spoken dialogue. Some of this dialogue was just painful and awkward to listen to.  




 Yeah those were definitely the lines where I was like just a tad too much Nic, just a tad too much.  




 I sort of missed Lera Lynn being in the background of the bar scenes with Ray and Frank this week.  




 *"It's medicine... for my eyes."* 

Lol. Also HBO filling their nudity quota.  




 TIL that holy crap Vince Vaughn is HUGE. He towered over Taylor Kitsch in that club scene.  




 *"You can keep your rings on. It won't matter to me."*

That escalated quickly...

Hey, put some feelers out on this guy... I'm gonna rip out your fucking grill.  




 Did anyone feel like the writing was getting a little too verbose for actual spoken dialogue in this episode? I thought it was especially noticeable and jarring in this week's episode - for example, the scene where Vince Vaughn's wife is trying suck him off or a few of the lines that he says to Ray at the bar. 
 




 Loved the opening of tonight's episode, especially with the lights gradually turning bluer and bluer. 

I could definitely dig more David Lynch type scenes... would add to the magic realism/trippy mysticism element of this season. 
 




 Holy crap - Vince Vaughn is HUGE. He towered over Taylor Kitsch in that club scene.  




 That escalated quickly. 

Hey, put some feelers out on this guy... I'm gonna rip out your fucking grill.  




 
Loved that opening, especially with the lights gradually turning bluer and bluer. 

I could definitely dig more David Lynch type scenes... would add to the magic realism/trippy mysticism element of this season. 




 Did anyone feel like the writing was getting a little too verbose for actual spoken dialogue in this episode? I thought it was especially noticeable and jarring in this week's episode - for example, the scene where Vince Vaughn's wife is trying suck him off or a few of the lines that he says to Ray at the bar. 
 




 Agreed. I think Ani is one of the best female characters on TV right now. We just don't get very many strong, damaged, imperfect female characters. And especially not ones where their sex appeal was not one of their main characteristics.  




 More freeway shots!  




 Ah... riot buck shot. That explains the no blood and aliveness.  




 Did he get shot with like a pellet gun or something? I feel like he should have died.  




 Yup it is.  




 Thank you - you're awesome!  




 Anyone have a youtube link for this promo? Or another link that I can save?  




 Confirming that the entire novel was covered by the show.  




 Mozart's Requiem.  




 They don't. This was Bryan Fuller's original plan but then he realized they would have to do a few filler episodes to stretch Europe out over an entire season so he opted to do condense two seasons into one. (This was prior to the scripts for this season getting written.)  




 Hannibal probably catches him and drugs him to keep him there.  




 Agreed. Pazzi's shortened development was probably a victim of the fact that Fuller folded two seasons into what we are currently watching. Hannibal was originally supposed to spend an entire season on the run in Europe. I'm sure there just wasn't enough time for everything.  




 Probably the result of a shortened season. They were originally supposed to spend an entire season in Europe with Hannibal on the loose, but Fuller folded the Europe season and Red Dragon into one.  




 That fruit knife also made the scene SO uncomfortable. It was constantly just in frame, like a warning.  




 I was a little miffed that Pazzi got offed so soon (since they have 2 more Europe episodes). I mean if the man has really been chasing and obsessing over Hannibal since he was a young man, and was warned by Will, and then caught up on all the gory details (between the news and Jack), and somehow thought meeting Hannibal alone on his turf was a good idea then... I just don't know man. :/  




 I appreciated the nod/homage to the original but I did think it was just a bit heavy handed in that scene. I remember the bowels in or bowels out line vividly from the Hannibal movie so that's where my mind instantly jumped to. Though I didn't dislike it.  




 The only thing that jumped out for me was when he was about to kill Pazzi... "Bowels in bowels out" was definitely in the movie/book. Though the set up of that entire scene was very similar how the 2001 Hannibal movie did it - the cart he was strapped to, the crank arm thing, etc 




 Also nice nod to Hannibal there when Jack removes his shoes and sneaks up behind Hannibal.  




 The man is a god - James Hawkinson http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0370258/ 




 He was probably still riding a bit of the adrenaline high he got from killing Pazzi too. 

I mean... *"Bowels in or bowels out?"* 




 Ok not going to lie - I usually love the musical choices on the show... but that song in the fight was just a little too humorous/upbeat for me. Anyone else feel the same way?  




 Also loved the look he gave Hannibal when he sees Pazzi hanging out of the window. Just a "so tired of this shit" look.  




 There are means of influence other than violence *winkwink* 

Oh ~~Chiyo~~ Bryan Fuller...  




 Mason taking sass to a whole another level this ep. 

*"Spitters are quitters, and you don't strike me as a quitter."* 

*"Toodle loo!"*

And Alanna is not mincing any words. 

*"...selling him into torture and death."*

*"Hannibal's going to kill him you know."* 




 That was some straight up Game of Thrones shit with Chiyo and Will tonight.  




 *"Ciao, Bella."*

The image of Bella's ashes spreading like gold dust was so beautiful. 

Also Jack's ring as it breaks the waters surface - shattering the smooth tension of the water with great cacophony.  









 There are means of influence other than violence *winkwink*  




 Ok not going to lie, I usually love the musical choices on the show... but that song in the fight was just a little too humorous/upbeat for me. 




 WTF?? 




 Favorite place I've ever been to. Was already planning my return trip the first time I went there.  




  Bryan Fuller and DeLaurentiis Co. have been very candid that it's amazon's to lose.

This. Please Amazon.  




 That was a fantastic promo - the song in the background is so haunting.  




 This needs to be upvoted higher. 




 Felt like that second one was really to kill hope in the viewer. :/  




 Felt like that second one was really to kill hope in the viewer. :/  




 They were very pretty shots though.  




 Guest star?  




 The scene/dialogue between Ray and Ani in car was great overall.  




 I'd be ok with this. I'm really digging her character.  




 Well the guy in next week's promo did sound vague... maybe there's a chance he didn't die... or HBO just being bastards.  




 Bulletproof vest... maybe? 1% chance?  




 I thought he was too far gone to gain redemption, but was looking forward to watch him at least try. 

EDIT: Apparently according to a screen cap from one of the season trailers, he's still alive. Also, in the next episode promo, the detective only refers to Ray as "one of his detective getting shot"... so I'm guessing he's still alive. Way too much unresolved story arc and wasted character development there otherwise. 




 Nic Pizzolatto really likes Lera Lynn huh... wonder if she'll be making an appearance every episode. Not that I'm complaining. 
 




 There seems like there's some weird sexual dysfunctions with both Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch's characters. Definitely interested in Antigone's past. 
 




 Can we take a moment to discuss how good Vince Vaughn was in this episode? Really hope he starts doing more dramatic or villianous roles in the future.  
 




 Holy crap, did they really just off Colin Farrell like that? Guess no emmy there :( Also that crow bird man was creepy as fuck.  




 HOLY SHIT? 




 The dialogue in this episode was pretty fantastic as well.

*Friendship with Hannibal is blackmail elevated to love.*

*Mutually unspoken pact to ignore the worst in one another to enjoy the best.*

 









 One's Abigail.  




 I really loved the scene in tonight's episode when Will tells Alana he just wants to be alone and the camera pans over to Abigail and they share a moment together. 

Too many onions. :(  




 I love it, but I fear it does not bode well for her long term health.  




 Loved his delivery of the line "good as new!"  




 Loved his delivery of the line "good as new!"  




 Let's not forget Alana's snark either. 

*"I've always enjoyed the word defenestration... now I get to use it in casual conversation."* 




 Guess who's back? Back again? Chilton's back. Tell a friend.

But seriously, Chilton was back with a vengeance. Faced off with a loony. Snarked about Hannigram. Assembled the team. Copyrighted Hannibal the Cannibal.  




 I absolutely loved the new confident and vengeful Alanna.  




 I couldn't help but think of the Lera Lynn song from True Detective - "This is My Least Favorite Life".

Or Community's darkest timeline.

This is the darkest outcomes for everyone. Crippled. Maimed. Seperated. Broken. Dead. :( 




 Agreed. TIL I would have never made it as a surgeon.  




 On tonight's episode of Hannibal... Welcome to the Hannibal Victim Support Group!
http://orig00.deviantart.net/2d23/f/2014/149/2/4/hannibal_victim_support_group_by_ekzotik-d7k6f40.png  




 Also TIL good thing I never studied medicine because that face grafting scene made me horribly queasy.  




 I think we've relived Mizumono like 2-3 times now? Urgh. 









 *Friendship with Hannibal is blackmail elevated to love.* 

*Mutually unspoken pact to ignore the worst in one another to enjoy the best.* 

Gah the dialogue of this episode!   




 
On tonight's episode of Hannibal... Welcome to the Hannibal Victim Support Group! 

http://orig00.deviantart.net/2d23/f/2014/149/2/4/hannibal_victim_support_group_by_ekzotik-d7k6f40.png   




 "Good as new!" -Mason Verger  




 
I couldn't help but think of the Lera Lynn song from True Detective - "This is My Least Favorite Life".

Or Community's darkest timeline. 

This is the darkest outcomes for everyone. Crippled. Maimed. Seperated. Broken. Dead. :(  




 I'm loving this new confident and vengeful Alanna. 




 Did Hannibal send flowers?  




 Damn... that's almost morbid then.  




 I like this.  




 Will wanted to run away with Hannibal.  




 DEJA VU 




 I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours.  









 And the best part is that the movie is literally called "Cat Samurai".  




 Looks really pretty! Can I get in without being a student? Or borrow from the library?  




