 Where's Tufte to go all Hulk style when you need him?

I'm deeply unsurprised that the IRS can fuck up something as simple as a pie chart. 




 Moms Demand Action: almost as many members as people who are Never Nudes.  




 And ass pennies are the source of interpersonal power. 




 Possibly /r/changemyview but I haven't been there in a long time so it might suck now. 




 And just think, if they can't get something as simple as whether or not ccws are allowed at the NRA convention, how can they possibly be trusted to report on complex issues like healthcare? 




 *I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure.*

-Mark Twain, apocryphal  




 Denying the enemy a high-profile propaganda outlet in their own backyard.

That's just awesome. 




 Unless there's been a rule change in USPSA that I'm unaware of, Limited division requires a gun that makes major power factor but with a cartridge that is at least. .40.

.45 is only competitive in single stack and revolver. 




 Criminy, I remember when surplus Maks could be had for under 2 bills.

 




 Go through your house and throw out any and all junk food, anything high in refined sugars or carbs, and only eat out once in awhile.

Even the best appetite suppressants really only help around the edges, and even that effect will be negated by eating foods that have addictive qualities to them.  




 Wow. This seems like a pretty solid invitation for smart gun proponents to go fuck themselves. 









 Does this trigger you? I'm not touching you... Does this trigger you? I'm not touching you... Does this trigger you? I'm not touching you... Does this trigger you? I'm not touching you... Does this trigger you? I'm not touching you...  




 Fine, substitute the phrase "hateful speech" if the current headline so offends your delicate sensibilities, nancypants.  









 Came here to say exactly this.

Aimpoint Micro all the way. 




 It seems like, more often than not, when Congress is set to vote to confirm a cabinet member or Supreme Court Justice that they always offer up a sacrificial lamb who is unlikely to be confirmed.

I suspect the executive does this as a way to make their actual choice seem somehow less shitty. 




 This is utterly heartbreaking. 




 They have been shown to work 90% of the time (9 rounds out of ten in the magazine) under ideal circumstances.

Kind of odd that Armatix refuses to submit their gun to 3rd party groups to test whether it will stand up to attempts to hack it or affect a DoS attack, though. 




 How about calling them what they are, repealing the NFA regs regarding short barreled rifles, and then the atf can stop trying to convince everyone that apples are oranges. 




 Yeah, I've tried that a few times already. It will sometimes work for a little while afterwards, and sometimes not.  




 I figured Mars One was bullshit after looking at the list of the group's primary officers and leaders and realized that not a single one of them had any background whatsoever in space, but they all had backgrounds in media and marketing. 




 For what it's worth, research has shown that there are components of cinnamon that can exert beneficial results on blood glucose levels.

It's not a cure for diabetes, nor should you take massive doses of straight cinnamon as it contains a compound that's carcingenic, but an extract of the spice can exert some beneficial effects for diabetics.

Source:
http://examine.com/supplements/Cinnamon

Note that I'm not touting it as a cure. I'm also not a fan of Huckabee. 




 A couple of weeks ago, my Roku 3 remote stopped functioning.

A search online told me that there's a good chance that the remote had lost the pairing with the Roku, and that there were a couple of easy fixes.

So far I've tried the following:
- Rebooting the Roku
- Rebooting the Roku and holding down the pairing button during startup
- Going into the settings for the Roku and trying to pair the remote
- Pulling the batteries out, leaving them out for a few seconds, and putting them back in.

At best, the remote will have function restored, but only for a short time, before failing again, but in most cases it won't even do that.

The remote appears to have power, as the LED is functioning.

So, anything else I should try, or am I going to have to order a new remote?

Thanks for any help! 




 This. 
Is. 
How. 
We. 
Win.  




 I dunno.

Internet? 




 Just picked up some L-Leucine from Bulk Supplements. 

I know this is a total noob question, but what's the most effective way to take this supplement? 

Should it be done pre- or post-workout? 
Only taken on days when I'm lifting vs doing body weight or cardio? 
Every day in the morning? 
Is it beneficial to take it in the days following a workout when I'm sore, and my body is presumably repairing and building muscle? 

Thanks!  




 OP, are you a caveman? 




 The fastest way to keep this from happening is to remove the language regulating short barrelled rifles from the NFA.

No need to register SBRs means no need to pretend that an AR with a short barrel is a pistol instead of a rifle.

If all short-barrelled ARs become, overnight, rifles, it means they can't apply the law covering armor-piercing handgun ammunition to .223. 




 By all means, please do! 




 Facts and math are two things that aren't generally in the average graboid's wheel house.  




 Competitors in High Power Service Rifle and National Match Rifle competitions shoot out to 600 yards with iron sights.

The AR platform is quite capable at those ranges if you know what you're doing. 




 Gun ownership as a percentage of households can be down, while the raw numbers of gun owning households can be at a record high, so long as the percentage growth in total households outstrips the percentage growth of households that become new gun owners.

Relevant info here:

http://smallestminority.blogspot.com/2013/05/declining-gun-ownership.html?m=1 




 FWIW, I'm not the blogger, I just happened to find the discussion interesting. 

The guy who runs gun free zone regularly posts hits interactions with grabber types and a lot of them are worth reading insofar as it gives excellent insight into the minds of people who are anti-rights.  




 
Politifact is right that the *claims of one particular columnist* don't necessarily stand up to scrutiny, but that entire article is an exercise in deliberately refusing to acknowledge the existence of a forest by minutely describing how a sapling is too small to possibly be a forest all on its own.  




 Glad I could help.  









 Give the Independence Institute a call and see if they can put you in touch with Dave Kopel. 


http://www.independent.org/aboutus/person_detail.asp?id=999 




 Gun deaths, as well as death via other violent means, are tracked, and to a higher degree of accuracy and with a far superior methodology by the FBI, which publishes the data annually in the Uniform Crime Report.

This lady is a deeply biased gun control advocate using a horrendously flawed methodology to drum up sympathy for the gun control movement.

The fact she'd even claim something like 50,000 US gun deaths demonstrates that she's either a liar or a complete idiot, because the FBI data shows the true number isn't even half of what she claims.

If you're going to claim to be pro-information, you need to be willing to vet your data sources, especially if the data is coming from someone with a clear agenda. 




 Robert Farago is an ass who had zero interest in guns or gun rights beyond his ability to use them as a way to generate income. 

Not that there's anything wrong with profit, but the guy had engaged in some seriously weird and creepy behavior, and has publicly stated he's not into guns.  




 Yeah, but is it a ghost gun?  




 It wouldn't matter. 

Feels before reals with these cretins.  




 Every group is bound to have a couple of mouth-breathers. 

 




 Tell me again how this was the doing of the BATFE with no executive branch oversight and Obama is pro-gun. 









 I don't recall the myo inositol I bought having a fishy smell.

I found that the powder itself has a pleasant taste; about half as sweet as sugar. 




 I'd prefer to skip that process entirely, and just add a simple "no guns" symbol to the state-issued ID of any prohibited person.

Want to sell a gun to someone? Check their driver's license for the icon of a gun with a red slash through it, and you'll know immediately whether the person attempting to buy the gun is prohibited from doing so.

Boom. Instant background check with zero need to pick up a phone or enter data into a website.

Hell, if you want, you could even attach a legal penalty for knowingly selling a gun to someone with a marked license, or to someone who refuses to show ID who turns out to be a prohibited person, and I doubt any gun owners would have a problem with that. 




 What's the actual Norwegian word for "probe"? 




 Obvious troll is obvious. 




 How the heck do you lift weights after taking Melatonin? I'd be out cold on the floor 30 minutes after taking a dose likethat! 




 Why do the anti gun people hate environmentally friendly ammunition?  




 Sorry, but if you show up to a 3 gun match with steel core ammunition, they may send you home without firing a shot.

Use of steel core accelerates the wear and tear on steel targets, so a lot of matches don't allow it. 




 Hey pal, I don't write the headlines, I just share 'em.  









 Took a turn on this one and was very pleasantly surprised. 

this is an excellent movie.  




 Feel free to link to posts where I act as an apologist for any of those people, and/or supported some rich asshole's attempt to remove the civil rights of this state's citizens. 




 Harris was a straight up psychopath, and one who should have been arrested and thrown in prison for a number of crimes prior to the Columbine shooting.

Unfortunately, his father intervened and had his son put into a diversionary program. 




 [citation needed] 




 I'm aware of some FFLs that also charge a fee, but, as I understand it, they're not really supposed to per the wording of the law.

There may be some wiggle room by calling it a service fee or something, though. 




 Not trying to be a smartass, but do you have a citation? 




  There is no more vocal, self-entitled mob, than a bunch of gun-nuts having the most modest of regulations hoist upon them.


I don't know. I'd say the self-important, yet woefully ignorant, narcissists who think that locking average citizens up for merely owning a plastic box with a spring in it give 'em a run for their money.


 




 It's not a partisan political viewpoint, it's a simple statement of fact that background checks, magazine bans, or really any of the other gun control proposals will not have a statistically significant impact on suicide. 

You want people to stop using guns to kill themselves? Then perhaps you should support physician-assisted suicide.  




 You seemed lonely, I was just trying to engage.  




 Plenty of people, evidently.

You might be surprised to discover that people are capable of caring about things which you, personally, don't care about.

It's weird.

It's almost as if different people can care about different issues. 




 So, what you're saying is the law should be made enforceable, ostensibly at gun point, and that you're in favor of throwing decent citizens in prison because they own a plastic box with a spring in it? 




 Regulated, as used in the Constitution, is done so in a manner that is anachronistic in the 21st century.

At the time the Bill of Rights were written, the dictionary definition of regulated meant to be well-supplied, maintained, and trained.

So, if you're going to claim you're making an argument from original constitutional intent, I assume you're in favor of allowing citizens to be armed and trained.

On the other hand, if you're using "regulated" in the modern sense, I assume you mean to use the term in a manner that implies forcing people you disagree with politically to be at the beck and call of an onerous bureaucracy.

I would argue that your modern take on it is perhaps a tad bit intellectually dishonest. 




 Most mass shooters acquired their guns after completing a background check, so I find it odd you think someone should be imprisoned for selling a gun to a close personal friend who, say, already has a large, legally-owned gun collection, a concealed carry permit, and a clean criminal record.

As for addressing mass shooting events, magazine bans do exactly nothing.

Eric Harris fired nearly two times the number of rounds of Dylan Klebold during Columbine, this despite the fact that he was wielding a gun with ten round magazines, and Klebold had "high capacity" magazines.

The Virginia Tech shooter managed to pull off the worst mass shooting on US soil, and he did it with a mixture of ten and fifteen round magazines, which are completely legal in Colorado.

Even the Sandy Hook shooter didn't bother to empty the magazines he carried, instead opting to execute tactical reloads at opportune times in order to keep the advantage in his favor.

If magazine capacity mattered, there would be a strong correlation between mass shooting events, magazines, and number of people killed, but such a correlation is hard to draw, partially because such events are exceedingly rare, and partially because magazine capacity is pretty far down the list of things that enable a mass shooter.

In order to believe that a magazine ban has any sort of effect, you have to believe the following:

1.) That a magazine ban can be enforced in any meaningful way. Since we're talking about hundreds of millions of devices which are cheap, essentially untraceable, and about as complicated as a travel mug, claiming such a ban is enforceable is clearly delusional.

2.) You have to believe that reloading a firearm is an arduous or difficult procedure. It isn't. Even someone completely new to firearms can be taught to execute a reload in two-three seconds.

3.) You have to believe that in that 2-3 second time interval, a victim will be able to recognize the following:
- That the assailant has run out of ammunition and needs to reload
- Assess the situation
- Choose to either run for an exit or attempt to engage an armed assailant in a physical fight.

And that's all assuming that the assailant isn't using tactical reloads (Sandy Hook), retreating slightly to reload (Virginia Tech), or armed with more than one gun (most every mass shooting.) 


People who think that magazine bans will have some sort of positive effect on violent crime or mass shootings are utterly, completely deluded. 




 Perhaps the solution is to get people the help they need rather than stripping them of their civil rights.

Not that you actually care. Magazine bans and background checks do exactly zero to stop someone from committing suicide with a firearm, and the same goes for pretty much all of the other proposals coming out of Camp Gun Control, too.

The issue of suicide is just one that anti-gun advocates use to inflate their numbers in order to claim that there's some sort of crisis.  




 The metric of "gun deaths" is a fundamentally useless one, as it essentially implies that a death that involves a firearm is somehow worse than a death from other means.

Furthermore, it clearly belies the motives of the gun control set as being fundamentally unconcerned with overall violence or suicide rates, and that they're ok living in a world where shootings are replaced with death by other means in a one-to-one relationship.

Furthermore, even going with the lowest reasonable estimates of defensive gun uses, which are approximately 100,000 annually, it's clear that the use and ownership of firearms has an overall positive societal impact, and that's even if you manage to completely ignore all of the positives that come with gun ownership and use for recreational and sporting purposes. 




 Me, personally?

No.

Unfortunately, it seems that the teacher's unions are, once again, fundamentally uninterested in doing the right thing when it comes to kids. 




 Make gun safety a mandatory part of public school education, just like sex ed or driver's ed. 




 Whenever I see the term "loophole" used, I mentally replace it with "legal activity that someone, somewhere, disapproves of for spurious reasons." 




 The problem with adding this additional layer that might, or might not help is that it creates a situation wherein an average citizen can be thrown in prison because he loaned a pistol to a friend to go shoot a match, a rifle to a buddy for a hunting trip, or allowed people to handle firearms at a safety class that wasn't conducted st a shooting range. 




 It's just not financially worth it.

The FFLs are forbidden from charging a market rate for background checks, while still being forced to go through the same process of gathering data, walking the customer through the process, and submitting the information via the NICs system, which will tie up an employee for around an hour or two.

On top of that, they're then required to abide by all of the same record keeping requirements (entering the information into a bound book, keeping the physical 4473 on file for twenty years or more) that they have to abide by for a gun that they actually would have sold.

If any part of that process is done incorrectly, say, a procedural error in how the form is filled out (e.g. the person doing the transfer abbreviated Colorado as CO on the form) the dealer can be punished for the transgression during an ATF inspection.

Given the fact that there's no money in it, the process is a significant time sink, and it comes with a whole host of liabilities, it's really no surprise that dealers are refusing to do these transfers. 




 Too bad Colorado Democrats don't feel the same way.

I guess it's easy to sell out your own citizens when you're getting all that sweet Bloomberg money and media support. 




 I heard you were dead.  




 Unfortunately, that has never stopped anti-rights advocates from trying to claim that their abysmal policy failures are a result of not going far enough.  




 Collateral damage to someone like Holder.  




 Narcissists are always happy to tell you just how amazingly important they are.  




 Because the average anti-gun activist is a hugely self-important narcissist who has a high likelihood of living in a large city.  

Smoking has been largely regulated and de-socialized to the point where they are unlikely to encounter it, and get upset at being exposed to smoking. 

On the other hand, in the mind of a narcissist, the fact that guns are still legal causes them outrage because if they were to encounter someone with a gun, they would be at a disadvantage. 

The thought of being at such a disadvantage causes them a tremendous amount of mental anguish, which drives them to advocate for stricter gun control.

This irrational mindset is why they are not swayed by facts, logical thinking, rationality, or appeals to basic human rights. 

It's also why they are completely incapable of distinguishing between the average gun owner and a violent criminal. To the anti-gun mindset they are one and the same, merely because both a criminal and a gun owner possess the ability to visit physical harm on them, regardless of whether or not they actually would.  




 You'd think that 21st century society would have moved beyond the need for deodands. 




 When gun control fails to address violence in any meaningful way, the solution is to propose more gun control.  




 That's like getting a choice between a flying pegasus and a spineless jellyfish.

One of those creatures is imaginary. 




 It's a total meathead movie. 

Not quite as over the top as Boondock Saints.  




 Yeah, but what oversight do the bot programmers have? 

After the even licensed?  




 Even NPR is calling bullshit on Venezuela's government. 

http://www.npr.org/blogs/parallels/2015/01/04/374579364/venezuela-braces-for-a-tough-year-ahead

But please, tell us how a country with skyrocketing food prices and a government that cracks down on unions is a good thing.  




 Only a psychopath would do more than ten reps before taking a break.  




 No reasonable person needs the ability to squat more than 115 lbs. 

Clearly we need guns control.  




 That's just proof that reddit needs government oversight and regulation.  









 Congratulations, you've managed to find a number of child deaths that is in the hundreds, in a nation that has well over 300 million privately owned firearms.

Let's round up the number of kids that die from accidental gunshots. Let's assume it's a total of 300 per annum.

That means that approximately 0.000099999% of guns are ever involved in the death of a child.

Congratulations, you fail at risk assessment.

Meanwhile, literally millions of kids have safely participated in shooting programs through the Boy Scouts, 4H, USA Shooting, NRA, US Steel Challenge, USPSA, and Hunter Safety courses in all 50 states, and managed to harm exactly no one. 




 Whenever I see someone make a statement like this, I automatically assume they were a particularly dim-witted child who grew up to be the special sort of dimwit who goes around projecting their dim-wittedness on those around them. 




 If you ever want to see some amazing slow motion footage ofoneof these things in action, watch the movie *Avalon*. 




 Putting our kid in an iron lung was totally a lifestyle choice! 




 The only Democrat who voted against any of the gun control bills was Tochtrop.

The rest of them voted along party lines to pass gun control. 




 Ah, yes, Russel Brand; the idiot's Tim Minchin. 




 You don't love Jesus enough. 














 There's no reason to trust the other side because they have, quite literally, lied about their intentions going all the way back to the late 1800s. 




 "Charging hammer" 









 Typical Narcissist, flying into a rage at the mere thought that others may not agree with him about something. 




 You should call it the Red Rocket. 


































 Ah, yes, more fear mongering from the man who holds one of the very few FFLs in the Washington dc area.  




 The Colorado house still has a 2-seat democrat majority.  




 In what way, shape, or form is Stephen Teret an expert on guns? 

Is he a trainer? Ex-military hard charger? Highly ranked competitive shooter?  




 /r/dadjokes is thattaway -- 




 I think it's a 10/22 bullpup configuration. The magazine is the black curved thing behind the swoopy part that connects the grip to the stock.

I think.
 




 Markley's Law
A variant of Godwin's Law: As an online discussion of gun owners' rights grows longer, the probability of an ad hominem attack involving penis size approaches 1.
Person 1: I carry a gun to try to keep my family and I safe by exercising a Constitutionally-protected natural right.

Person 2: Hah! You carry a gun because you have a small penis, and you are trying to make up for it!

Person 1: Well, I guess Markley's Law is still true.
 









 You're a deeply stupid person. 




 Who are these people who have the time to watch a half-hour long video on YouTube of some crazy person's rants? 




 It would likely also affect people engaged in the hobby of model rocketry, too. 




 If I had to guess, this might be an attempt to ban tannerite. 




 If only it were illegal to build your own explosives!

I mean, just look at how McVeigh and the Boston Bombers got off scott-free after killing all of those people!

It's a travesty, I tell you. 




 Form 4473s must be kept on hand by the FFL for 20 years.

If a gun store goes out of business, all of the 4473s that are under that age limit are relinquished to the BATFE, who warehouses them.

NICS data cannot legally be kept for more than 24 hours due to a lawsuit filed, and won by, the NRA in 2004. You will occasionally see a story in the press lamenting this fact, and dressed up under the guise of "but academic researchers need that data because reasons, and the NRA is a big mean doody head for forcing the feds to adhere to their own law!" 




 The same exact thing happened in Colorado when it came to light that Magpul was based there.

When it came to light that their stupid law would cost the state hundreds of jobs and measurable amounts of tax revenue, suddenly all of the politicians who had been denouncing "high capacity" magazines as only fit for mass murderers were falling all over themselves to amend the law so Magpul could continue to operate in the state.

So, according to Democrats, "high capacity" magazines are only fit for committing mass shootings, but it's ok to make them in your state so long as the magazines (and the mayhem they surely bring with them) gets exported to other states. 




 He probably has an official on staff whose only job is to remember his name. 
























 No, you just engaged in a bunch of hand-waving and magical thinking to justify increasing the tax burdens on every citizen. 




 I love how you can't even explain how raising taxes on the average citizen will reduce pollution, you just take it as an article of faith, and expect me to but into your crazy pants religion, too. 

You suck at this. 

Seriously, even for a liberal, your inability to make a reasonable case for your position is pathetic. 

Try harder.  









 I'd prefer one who's be willing to actually work to repeal anti-liberty laws and actually get dirty instituting much needed reforms at nearly every level of government.  




 A dubya joke in 2015?

Why don't you make a hanging chad reference while you're at it? 




 Why should I care about your amusement?  




 It's not so much that I hate being told what to do, that's not the issue. 

The issue is that retards like you are completely incapable of overcoming their own Narcissism to recognize the fact that maybe you wouldn't get push back on your ideas if they weren't so demonstrably stupid. 

You want me to go along with your recommendations? 

Good. 

Stop being an idiot.  




 I love how you're so far up your own ass that you zoom right past actually getting a widespread pop culture reference and go right into Smug Finger Wagging Mode. 

I bet you're fun at parties.  




 Yeah, well, that's just like...your opinion, man.  




 To what end? 

The end here is to institute yet another stupid law meant to harass and intimidate gun owners.  




 Thanks for taking the initiative and citing a source for me, I appreciate it.  




 More than one, actually:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098023/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1

 




 Robert Farago, the guy who owns and operates TTAG has pretty much stated he's not all that into guns, and that he's really just in it to run a site to generate page views and income.

He's also pulled some weird stunts over the years, including creeping on a female gun blogger, and going public with comments from Alan Gura after explicitly acknowledging that the meeting he attended was confidential.

He's also used copyrighted images from other gun bloggers without so much as an acknowledgement of the source or even a linkback.

Dude's a creep. 




 I have no delusions that Boxer will be replaced by anyone who's more in favor of civil rights. 

I do, however, take comfort in the fact that whoever replaces her will not wield the powers that come with senatorial seniority, like heading up various sub-committees.  




 Or Mr. Presbo.  




 The second would hopefully lead to the first. 




 I know right?!

Anarchy!

ANARCHYYYYYYYY! 




 But if even one regulation is repealed, it will result in ANARCHY!

 









 You seem deeply unhappy.

That's really quite sad. 




 In my experience, all serious gun control advocates are deeply narcissistic. 




 I find it deeply amusing that the only part of his post you can actually articulate a response to is the ad hominem attack.

Facts?

Figures?

Citations?

These things don't even register among the handful of functioning synapses you've got rattling around in your head, rendering you all but completely incapable of addressing his points, but when it comes to juvenile, uncreative name calling, you're just Johnny on the Spot.

Do people in real life know you're this pathetic? 




 Have an upvote for not spelling it "baited." 









 This, exactly. Expect the graboids to be emboldened by the passage of ubc laws in CO and WA. 

I suspect NV will be the next to fall victim to "common sense." 




 And here I thought Gecko45 was unrealistic. 




 My response to that line of thought is to mock them for being stupid, and then follow it up by saying that "we can debate legalizing nukes on the day when people are no longer being thrown in jail for putting a flash hider on a rifle." 









 So you shined him on, and he (obliviously) kept calling you names.

That's both hilarious and a pretty pointed example of the average mental capacity of the die-hard graboid. 




 This. As if prohibiting ownership somehow isn't an infringement. 




 They use the tactics of outgrouping and name calling because those are the tactics that work on them. 




 When encountering graboids with a milirary background who claim they have training that makes them superior to civilians, I like to ask them how many civilian shooting matches they've won.

Inevitably this shuts them up. 




 There were coffin-style magazines made for the Suomi,and a lot of NFA guys use them in Mac-style SMGs.

That might be a place to start for reference. 

http://www.mac-11.info/review3a.htm

 




 Honestly, the best orgs to donate to are the NRA, SAF, and state-level organizations, in that order. 

I've never been particularly impressed by GOA for many of the same reasons I don't care for NAGR; all show, no go.  




 They aren't delusional. 

That know exactly what they're doing, and what they're doing is using their social media outlets to shout a lie as loudly and repeatedly as possible in the hope that it will be perceived as the truth.  




 This movie is hilarious.  




 There is no such exemption in the DC law.

Gregory flagrantly violated the law, and his violation resulted in a pass from the legal system despite other people being prosecuted for similarly harmless violations.

If there should be an exemption to the law, it needs to be explicitly codified. 




 Lol. I was trying to phrase things neutrally, but I agree. 




 NAGR is an off shoot from the Colorado gun rights org Rocky Mountain Gun Owners. Both organizations are operated by Dudley Brown.

Brown has a well-deserved reputation as a controversial figure, both in the general populace, and among gun owners for his bombastic presentation style "no compromise" tactics and his willingness to attack moderate Republicans as well as the NRA.

In Colorado, he's quite proud of the fact that RMGO candidates often win primaries, but in the larger political landscape, most of his candidates end up being far too conservative to actually have a chance in Hell of winning in districts that aren't solid red territory.

RMGO, and presumably NAGR judge candidates on more than just gun issues, but also include a politician's stance on issues like abortion as well.

If you aren't a staunch social conservative, you'll likely disagreewith some of the positions and endorsements of NAGR. 














 The last number I saw was that the military pays something like $450 per rifle, but I don't have a source for you and sometimes my memory sucks. 




 I find it hilarious that when it comes to describing the M16/M4 in a military context, the left-wing media has nothing but terrible accusations to fling about how these rifles are underpowered jammomatics.

But as soon as a civilian picks up an AR15, they're described as military-derived rifles capable of empowering their user to rack up remarkable and abhorrent body counts.

It's like the gun control set can't actually ever manage to get their facts straight! 




 the antis told me that the number of gun owners is shrinking. 

I refuse to believe that this is real. 

/s

Congrats on your new rifle, be safe and have fun!  




 What's an oscillating turret?  




 BATFE would likely just define a different partof the gun to be the legally-mandated firearm part.


Note that there are examples of guns where the lower isn't legally considered to be the firearm.

For instance, the upper receiver is legally considered the firearm on an FAL, as is is the tubular upper on the Kruger Mk. I-III series pistols. 




 I know, it's great, right?

 




