 Precalc is a much harder course than AP Stats. At my school, people take it as an alternative to precalc. If you're comfortable taking two math classes at once, go for it. The two classes aren't too related-pretty much opposite types of math. Precalc has a lot of algebra and trig where stats has a lot of...stats. I've heard there is much more writing that a typical math class as well. 

Does your school offer AP Macro/Micro economics? If so, take those. Relatively easy courses if you stay on top of the readings as notes, and they're fairly interesting. Taking precalc would be wise since it would better prepare you for any math classes you choose in college. 

In short, if you're willing to do two math classes at once, go for AP Stats and international relations along with precalc.  




 Honestly, the cake chapstick is my favorite from the brand. It feels much less waxy than the other flavors, which is a shame because I love the other flavors. I do like that the cake flavoring/scent isn't too intense.  




 Maybe that's why I thought blue would look nice! I've been living on mobile, so everything's white. 

I do have a Walmart, but there's nail polish everywhere and it's poorly lit. I'm relying on Walgreens to pick up the slack. I have two of those, so drugstore products should be much easier for me to grab.  




 Maybe a blue color scheme? Not much reasoning for this - blue is just a nice color. It's the opposite of pink but still goes nicely with pink, so there's that. 

I think air for posts would be fantastic! Product review, product request, swatches, dupe, dupe request, FOTD, and list of favorites is all I can think of for flairs, but that's what's usually posted in the makeup subs. 

Honestly, I love how fast this sub grew. My nearest makeup stores besides Kohls are 45 minutes away, and my wallet is always afraid of going with!  




 I prefer to let it thunk onto the couch. Not the best way to practice a release, but much better for the floor. Does the bean bag add good cushioning?  




 Hot or cold sub? I get six inches, so just double anything number specific if you're going for a footlong. 

If you're looking for a hot sub, steak and cheese on Italian herbs and cheese. I get it toasted with provolone and pepper jack alternating. For veggies, I do lettuce, just enough spinach to cover the lettuce, green peppers, and onions. Mayo, oil, pepper, and oregano. Most delicious sub on the planet. 

For a good cold sub, I go with a BMT on herb and cheese. I always change the cheese on this depending how I feel that day. Today I'd throw american on, but I've used everything down to mozzarella. Lettuce, just two spinach leaves (since I make my own subs and can be difficult with veggies; gauge the artist on this one), tomatoes, two cucumbers (I'm not a big fan, but they add something), green peppers, yellow peppers, and olives. Then add mayo, chipotle, oil, pepper, oregano, and parmasean. 

Definitely bend the subs a bit to fit your own tastes or if your store doesn't offer something I suggested.  




 You're eating an entire foot of food. First, think of the loaf of bread. That's a lot of bread. Next, think of the meats, cheese, and sauces. These three things are quite fatty (usually) which will help keep you satiated. Next, you have veggies. These are going to be more nutrient dense than french fries so they'll keep you fuller longer. 

A footlong sub is a lot of food, and it will feel like it. Just be careful eating these too often. I feel bad when I get the same customer every time I work. The sodium amounts alone on these things are ridiculous.  




 I'll have to try this if oil removers don't work. I have some pretty greasy lids, so I want to avoid adding to that, but if the oils work, then I'll accept that they work.  




 Join something! I waited until my junior year to join a sport and it stung. Sports at my school are a bit pricey so my parents didn't want to, but they realized the value of a sport after a college tour. 

If you don't want to join a sport, that's fine. I'm not the best athlete and I joined bowling for my sport so I won't push a sport. There is a ton of other things to do while in high school. 

Get a job. If you do this, hold the job and keep your grades up. If you don't have much extra going on through school, a job will help you save up for college and your boss might just connect you with someone who can land you that internship your freshmen year of college. Having a good relationship with your manager or supervisor is also good as they can serve as a reference on your resume. 

Volunteer! Some schools have clubs for this, others don't. If yours doesn't, start researching local volunteer opportunities. Humane societies and elderly homes are just a couple things that come to mind. Colleges love to see 100+ volunteer hours, and you could build that up over summer. That's barely over 4 days. Just make sure you document these hours. Talk to your counselor and see if volunteer hours go on your transcript. 

Don't have any clubs at your school that you're interested in? You can start with a special interest group, or a big club such as Model United Nations or Bots IQ. You're likely going to need a teacher to help you start a club. If it's one of the bigger clubs such as Model UN or Bots, there may be some fees associated with these, but colleges find participating in more major clubs a very big plus. 

There are lots of things to do in high school, you just have to find them. Flyer for an event on the wall? Flyer asking for students to help set something up or run an event? Grab a couple friends, or even go on your own, and try it out. Worst case scenario is that you don't like it and you move on.  




 Colleges like to see rigor, but they also like to see success. I'll have 7 AP classes under my belt by the time I'm out of high school. A few of those were more challenging alternatives to a required course, so they just ended up being the better option. I have all B's in my AP courses, but at my junior conference I was told that would be more impressive to admissions than A's in common core classes. 

The best way to benefit from AP is make sure you take courses that you can hold a 78% or higher in and courses that you are confident you will get the credit for. If money is a challenge for your family, don't load up on AP since the test is $80 per class, although your school might offer assistance options. Check with your guidance councilor on those. 

Overall, you need to assess your own abilities. If you haven't chosen courses for next year already, look at your current classes. Are there any in a subject that you found easy and want an extra challenge in? Does your school offer any AP classes that are interesting? Are you at Spanish/German/etc level 4 this year or through your junior year? Your school might offer an AP level 5 that is challenging, but you will have 4 years of experience in. (Your school's foreign language system may be a bit different than this).  




 So I've been working on tight lining and doing a wing with liquid liner and I must ask: how the hell do you get it all off? I have eyeliner all over my upper waterline and in my lashes and it's just impossible to get off. I've tried using baby soap since my eyes don't take well to anything but sitting and scrubbing between lashes with a q-tip is a royal pain.  




 I found that my 8g were much easier to put in than the 6g im at now. Just lubed it up and popped it in. I guess earskins are something everyone has a different experience with.  




 It really makes me feel bad. People come in and order and ask where the $5 footlongs are and I just tell them they're gone. Some people just leave. At our store, sales dropped a bit after the new menus and prices came out.  




 I think the lack of drugstore testers is what attributes to a lot of Ultas used product problems. I was hoping to get my foundation there as a drugstore one, but I couldn't swatch any of it! 

MAC online is definitely a more comfortable experience. While I was at the Macy's counter, I swatched a few shadows to see what I should add to my list since I was already way over my limit for the day. Definitely felt better over there than in the store. I feel like the store is there for people who know exactly what they're looking for and aren't too concerned with how much it costs. Maybe that'll be me in a few years, but for now I'm just fine with swatching at Macy's and picking up some products online.  




 So do we. Our manager had it tucked off to the side on top of the hotwell for the first week we had it, put people started claiming they didn't see it so we moved it to on top of bread selection. I really wish it was easier to differentiate the type of subs. The premiums add up pretty quickly.  




 This was pretty much how my experience went! I guess I got lucky compared to others here; the staff at my Ulta were all very willing to help and seemed to know what they were doing. The store was also very clean and well stocked. Only problem I had was the used products problem. I bought two NYX concealer sticks and right before I got to the register, I realized one was used! They weren't even sealed! Still signed up for the rewards card since my good experience definitely calls for a revisit. 

I also went to Sephora, MAC, and I browsed the MAC selection at Macy's since the actual store was a bit intimidating. Sephora was what I expected, I probably should have accepted the employees' help after circling the store three times for a beauty blender! I think with MAC, I'll be sticking to the Macy's counter. It seemed to be all the same things but with prices posted and less people glaring at me.  




 Some coupons are location specific. Was it a printed coupon or from one of those official coupon clipper things or the newspaper? Granted, even if it is a bigger coupon, they may still not accept. They should change their sign to say as such. 

On the other hand, that employee may have a rude and/or lazy one. In my store, we accept any coupon we can, but a sign for showing coupons ahead of time would be great. Often, people will bring in BOGO coupons, get three steak subs, then at the register I have to explain to them why the coupon is invalid. 

The new menus make using coupons really tough on customers since they don't list subs as regular or premium anymore, so a lot of people come in thinking anything without extra cheese or bacon works with a coupon.  




 Nice coverstock, good brand, decent price, not too strong of a ball, and it looked and smelled great.  




 I find that sticking to my diet is a lot easier when I accept invitations to go out to eat. Granted, I make sure it's not an every day event. But I allow some time for a treat and just try to order something healthier when I'm out to eat. I know that when I get home and when I eat tomorrow, I'll be right back on the diet train. If anything, I'll do a little extra cardio. 

With the comments, I try to block them out with people that I don't know too well. If it's a closer friend that I know I can say a dick comment to, I'll give them a snarky reply and it usually shuts them down. One of my friends is pretty against eating healthy and thinks it below them, so I go out of my way to point out how energized I feel and how I'm just not lethargic at all whenever she complains about being tired or groggy.  




 Definitely will! I'm a bit of a receipt hoarder - never know when you'll need them! Do you have any experience with returns with them?  




 Lorac is one of the big reasons I want to go. The Kohls by me just got the Pro and Unzipped (gold?) palettes, but I wanted to check out Ulta before grabbing them at Kohls. I'm glad they have more drugstore brands since I'm on a bit of a budget. I'm just worried that with my luck I'll end up purchasing products people have decided to test!  




 Just checked the search! I guess they have a pretty huge used products problem? The one I'm headed to is new, so I hope it's not too prevalent there just yet, but I guess if it is pretty terrible, there's a Sephora 5 minutes away from the Ulta and a JCPenny Sephora on my way home.  




 Finally got an Ulta kinda near me, about 45 minutes away, so I'll hopefully be taking my first trip down there tomorrow with a friend. 

Anyone here have good or bad experiences to share about the store? Are the prices decent? Is it like Sephora? Better? 

I'm hoping to splurge on some nice foundation or a palette, but don't want to over spend.  




 I just love hearing myself talk. I do a lot of speaking before I think, so sometimes hearing whatever flies out of my mouth is fun. I also hate conversation lulls. They're just not fun. So I need to push the conversation with something.  




 I feel like it's really a trend among all subways. They simply don't put value on the employees that keep the store running and customers coming back. I have a feeling they prefer having more disposable employees that don't ever expect a raise.  




 Maybe a trapper keeper style binder? My cousin has one of the loose textbooks and he keeps the chapter he's using in a separate binder from the big one the rest of the book is in. Doing that might help lower the risk of damaging/losing all of the pages while only using a fraction of them.  




 My approach. I bounce in my approach and my coach hates it. My feet never really leave the ground, but on my first step I'll drop low, then pop up, and repeat until I'm at the line. He showed me a video of me bowling one day at practice and I looked pretty silly.  




 Thank you so much! I'll probably get their new quad, but I'm definitely going to pair it up with that Maybelline palette!  




 Generally, keep oils out of a fresh stretch for a week or so until it's healed. I find it best to do massages with the jewelry out so it gets into the piercing and the piercing has time to relax. 

For cleaning, when the stretch is fresh, it's okay to do a soak with the jewelry in, just like its a fresh piercing. If the stretch is all healed up then you can take the jewelry out for sea salt soaks.  




 I'll have to check out Amazon then! I wouldn't mind branching out from the one palette though. The white, a couple different browns, and maybe a gray or something would make an ideal palette for me right now. My makeup experience is some Walmart mascara and a one eye wing so I'm not too picky just yet. I'd be willing to spend ~$10 on a palette right now, give or take a bit until I get a bit more confident in my skills. I picked up a $15 Balm quad and ended up hating it after a good 2 uses and gave it to a coworker who loves Balm products and makeup.  




 Would one off amazon be safe? I don't know when these were discontinued, so I don't quite know if the product would be good. If there's a chance that one off amazon wouldn't be the greatest, something similar would be great. I really loved the colors and the formula so anything similar would work.  




 Sorry! Here's an Amazon link - should be desktop. Totally forgot it was a mobile site! 

http://www.amazon.com/Physicians-Formula-Mineral-Eyeshadow-Minerals/dp/B0017138OG 




 http://m.rakuten.com/product/270255096?listingid=356071630 adid=29963

That was my favorite eyeshadow a couple years ago when I was rocking the middle school look. White shadow and black waterline. 

But it was a great quality eyeshadow and I tossed it before writing down the name. Regretted that until I tracked it down. I think this is the product, although the far left color was white on my quad. 

Does anybody know of where I can get this product or a good dupe of it? It was a Physicians Formula Mineral Wear quad but I don't know exactly which colors. I feel like it was discontinued ages ago since I can't find it anywhere on the PF website.   




 I'll have to pick up some. Don't want an injury hurting my game more than it has to!  




 I got a pretty rad blister at practice last Thursday, and I have a meet tonight.

Do you guys have any blister solutions? It's pretty painful and dry. I'll probably throw tape over tonight to bowl, but is there anything I can do to make it heal a bit faster or at least hurt less? 

My thumb hole isn't the problem, my thumb size just fluctuates a ton and I didn't put tape on when my thumb told me I needed tape. Ended up blistering then ripping. Life lessons from bowling.  




 I always said read it as erissd. If the movies are good for one thing, it's pronunciation!  




 http://imgur.com/a/CTySH

First two are in natural light and second two were in the bathroom. I don't have much experience with makeup beyond mascara, so anything is helpful!  




 You could ask the employees, but they'll definitely look at you funny. I don't even know if we're allowed to do that. You could always add it afterwards. 

With the prices, they've been going up for a while. Over here in the Midwest, our new menus are really enraging customers. Cheapest sub is $4 and its a six inch. Cheapest footlong is $5.75. I have a feeling subway is slowly moving away from the $5 footlong since it's not too profitable. 

Overall, prices and cheeses are very reasonable. You could decide on your favorite store in your area and talk to them about adding provolone to their options. Chances are, it's very available to them, they just don't know if there's a demand for it. If you'll buy it, they might just add it since it's not a discontinued item.  




 Definitely! Kaos is so comfy and easy to wear-best sleeping jewelry. Just gotta keep them oily. Silicone is pretty dry, especially this time of year.  




 What brand are they? Kaos earskins are super clear, even lubed up, and have a tiny flare. 

 




 It feels great! I gained ~4-6 pounds over Christmas and this morning when I weighed in, it was all gone. Getting back to healthy was hard after all the eggnog and leftovers, but it's rewarding.  




 Pick up some glass single flare from a piercing shop or body art forms. Much easier to stretch with and much safer. Also, head over to Menards or Home Depot (or any hardware store) and pick up a roll of PTFE tape. It's a good $1 or so and IIRC, it's a bit thinner than bondage tape so it's easier to stretch with. Also, the emu oil or vitamin e oil should help more than jojoba for stretching since they're a bit slicker than jojoba. Just remember to completely saturate the PTFE before you wear it or it'll dry out your ears. 

My ears aren't very stretchy either. Just gotta go slow and spoil them.  




 It's okay for it to be a bit pink on the inside, especially after a fresh stretch. You're on the right track though! Stick with quality jewelry, and you're doing the right thing with massages. Also, you might be able to size up in a month, but if your ears start saying no halfway down the taper, it's okay to wait. Some people have no problem getting through small sizes and others take a while to size up from the start. 

Also, be prepared for a bit of frustration, and don't be like me and try to calculate when you'll be at your goal size. You'll be disappointed due to time between stretches increasing with size. It took me 4 months to go from 8g to 6g and I eventually got frustrated and taped up. It's the first full mm stretch, so it's a bit of a fight. Whenever you feel ready to just shove the taper through or add one more layer of tape than usual, look at some of the posts by people who've blown out and you'll want to wait. There's people here with 2" ears. Your goal size is possible. They didn't get there over night, or even in a couple months. 

It's a bit early so I rambled a bit, but stick with generally accepted methods, good jewelry, and don't rush at all. You're asking early, so you're getting a head start on healthy lobes!  




 No problem! I work at subway so I eat quite a bit of subs. Gotta get it into mfp somehow! Took a bit of googling, but I think this site is gonna stay a favorite as long as it has my favorite subs.  




 So tonight was my first meet at a high oil lane and a longer lane than I'm used to. It was also extremely cold on the bus ride to the alley and in the alley.

My home and proshop alley is nice and room temperature and it's also been a warm winter, so when I got drilled, my thumb was a bit bigger, if not swollen. During practice before we started, my ball fell off my hand. Just dropped. Anyone else ever have the problem of a suddenly too big thumb hole? Usually my thumb swells and needs tape and everything, but today I couldn't feel the hole snug on all sides. This led to me gripping the ball and doing terribly. Should I put in some white tape? The cold weather is sticking around now, but I don't want to be where I usually am with my thumb pretty much stuck and tape in my thumb slug. 

Now my next big problem. I have a Tropical Breeze, so it's a low to medium oil ball. These lanes were drenched. My usual strike shot is standing at 17/18 and target at the second arrow. I ended up having to stand at 23 and target the third arrow to get anywhere near the pocket. No hook at all, or revs. I was really regretting not getting the Crux I was eyeing up since this is my first ball. I've read it's high oil? 

TL;DR: How do you bowl high oil with a low oil ball? Any solutions when it's so cold that my ball fits like a house drill? Bad meet due to conditions, and I want to know how to improve, especially on those conditions since I'm at that alley again next week.  




 I found a website that lets you add everything you got on your sub and it shows a full nutrition label with calories and macros. Super helpful, although the sodium content in my favorite subs makes me feel a bit guilty about eating so much subway. 

https://nutritionix.com/subway/nutrition-calculator 




 These are gorgeous! Rainbow fluorite is one of my favorite stones next to labradorite. I finally checked out this site and my size is just smaller than what they carry. The prices are great though! I'll have to find a friend to wear all these plugs for me.  




 I drink strawberry slim fast powder for breakfast. Granted, it gets mixed with milk instead of water. It keeps me full for about two and a half hours, although it says 4. It's about $10/can where I am, and you get 14 shakes out of it.  




 I think a smiley would look good. It's subtle, but it still looks nice when it shows. And lots of jewelry options with CBRs and horseshoes.  




 Personally, I don't care for the whole one ear stretched look. But I also don't have a taste for one lobe pierced, or any unbalanced piercings. Ultimately it comes down to taste. If anything, your biggest problem with it will be finding plugs you love, and you're stuck paying for a pair since they're not available in singles.  




 Tumblr is the place that would hate you. I've seen so many anti-capitalism posts there.  




 Parents travelled and I had work so I couldn't tag along. Friend I had plans with cancelled, other friends just wanted to go to bed. New Years is pretty lame without other people. 

2015 resolution: find cooler friends.  




 Same with my town. Although, it's down the road from AutoZone and Advance Auto Parts. I don't see the strategy there at all. But at least my local RadioShack is still going strong.  




 I have a problem similar to this. The pad on my ring finger catches on my grip during release, and gets a bit sore after a game or two. I don't have much of a solution for it yet, beyond keeping my hand cool so it doesn't swell. I assume it's just anatomy making bowling difficult, but it's my first ball, so it might be something your pro shop guy can do something about.  




 DB ancient shrouded armor all the way! I always add the Volsung mask because breathing underwater is nice and the carry weight improvement is helpful. It's also a glitched mask that you can wear with the ancient shrouded hat/mask/cowl/thing.  




 I aim for strikes too, but a cool looking strike is so much better than a textbook strike.  




 What about using a plastic cup/bowl? Too lazy/not enough time to use the stove for 1/2 cup of water for oatmeal.  




 I got a pair of 14g tunnels in a kit. It was pretty exciting. You can see through them, but it takes a bit of wiggling your lobe and a well lit area.  




 I'd actually like to learn two handed, but my coach wants us bowling one handed. It's what he does, so it's easier for him to teach, and midseason isn't really the time to switch I guess. I like the amount of power it puts on the ball. It's cool. Power shots are my goal every time I bowl.  




 Even when against a rival school at a meet, all of the teams in my section can't help but congratulate them. When something like that happens, just seeing it is exciting.  




 I prefer when they leave it in the tin so the lava doesn't get all over, but the only time they've done that they didn't skip the sugar so it still looked okay.  




 South wisconsin is a terrible place to be this year. It was raining yesterday and is forecasted for the rest of the week! The lack of snow is really killing any Christmas spirit I had a couple months ago.  




 Fast traveling EVERYWHERE. I would occasionally spend a couple hours just dedicated to discovering (but not exploring) places just so I could fast travel when needed. If I couldn't fast travel to a place I needed to get to, I would wander through a mountainous shortcut that didn't have anything interesting, although I accidentally explored labrynthian and didn't realize until a good 6 months later when I realized what labrynthian was.  




 A labret post the right length definitely wouldn't be out of the ordinary. It's what good shops use for cartilage and lobe piercings. Your shop should be able to fit you with the right jewelry.  




 Plugs and tunnels will be a rare find at that size. An internally threaded labret or a captive bead ring would work. I was lucky to get a kit with a 16g taper, but it didn't come with jewelry in 16g, so I had to pick up some captives.  




 I'll buy six boats with this.  




 Wouldn't the school be evacuated and searched in the case of a bomb?  




 Hiders are definitely a good option, although I'd opt for one of the brighter options  




 If anything, silicone. Earskins or the plugs are squishy enough to have enough give if someone manages to punch you in the ear, although earskins would be preferable since it would be less likely to shove the jewelry through. 

Although now I'm thinking of someone's finger getting caught in the earskins. 

Just take your ears off for the night.  




 Bae, bruh, swaggy, hella, your mom jokes. It's terrible.  




 Get them soaking and happy before you start changing jewelry around too much. You should really look into getting some jewelry that isn't acrylic. Even some cheap stainless steel would be better and your ears would have a better time healing. I don't change jewelry types around until my ears are comfortable and healed so they don't get irritated while they're healing.  




 It's Vargas. Just accept it and embrace it.  




 So I got my ball back from being drilled, and it has some excess superglue smudged on it an inch or so away from the thumb hole. Is there a safe way to get it off?  




 Thanks! I add a little butter to the pan or milk if they're scrambled, but that's it. Calorie counts on mfp can be a bit sketchy.  




 This question feels like a pretty bad question, but myfitnesspal has really thrown me off with it. Does the way you prepare an egg change the calories? 

I've seen it range from 90 to nearly 400 just from different types of eggs. I love my eggs scrambled or fried, but these are showing up as over 200 calories! One egg isn't that filling on its own, so I don't want it to take up that much of my count.  




 The U.S. is pretty damn big compared to Europe. Often times driving is necessary to get to places outside of large cities. We need gas, so the high demand drags down the prices.  




 I'll have to try this. Apparently my biggest problem is hooking my hand around the ball and not clinging to it during the release, so this should definitely help with those.  




 Exactly. Raising your children with WIC would do little harm, as you can only purchase healthy foods with it and you go in for health checks. I'm just wondering if a male is able to access the program or if the mother of the kid was involved? Women Infants and Children seems to be narrowed on the mother-child relationship.  




 Olive oil, lemon juice, oregano, and dillweed added to taste. You can cook it in the slow cooker if you prefer it more tender, or fry it up in a pan of you prefer a bit more firm of chicken. I use breast for this since it's easy to dice.  




 Meet on Monday went terrible. Our team only has 3 so we get 6 frames a game, and we lost a game with only 4 frames in a game. 

Practice went great, though, although nothing I did followed my coach. He wanted me to get more revs on the house ball because I was skidding to the point of rolling with a slight backwards spin. Okay, more revs it is. There's the gutter. Skid the ball down the lane? Strike it is. House balls are bad. 

And for the reason I was on a house ball. I took my ball in last week Wednesday to get drilled, and the pro shop guy said Friday or so. I couldn't pick it up over the weekend, so it didn't matter that it was Friday. I'd get it my next practice on Tuesday. Pro shop guy isn't in. No problem. I go in on Wednesday to pick it up and the pro shop guy said the papers got moved around so he couldn't drill it over the weekend. Now, I'm not exactly mad about this. I'm getting the drilling at a huge discount and I'll finally have my ball so in pretty excited, I'm just worried about only having one practice on it before the meet next Monday. I'll have to come in over the weekend to practice with it since it's my first fingertip. I'm hoping it bumps my average over 100 and my fill above 55%. 
/rant 

If you guys have any at-home tips I can use to get used to my ball, it would be super appreciated.  




 Boy or girl? These things are vital to naming!  




 A girl at my school went 14-2 over the weekend with acrylic. Nice girl, but makes some really cringey choices with mods. It's sad to see people with nice lobes just destroy them.  




 If you're only at 4g (5mm), then you could probably get away with going naked for the interview. Just leave your plugs out for the day before to make sure they shrink up a little bit (you can always stretch back if you go down a size). As long as you don't have any catbutt going, it shouldn't be too noticeable.  




 I'm writing a program that makes an applet and creates arrays for a class. I have most of the program built, I just can't figure out the if statement. Basically, I have 3 separate arrays with each array named after a different job position. The user inputs a name in the applet and it displays the position the name is associated with. I can't figure out how to write an if statement along the lines of "if this name is from this array, display this". I can't post the code now since I'm on mobile, but I can post it later.  




 Not the realization that I gained 20 lbs over the summer, but the fact that it was my fault. I'm on depo and weight gain is a side effect, so it was a nice scapegoat. Until I downloaded myfitnesspal and realized I was eating nearly 4000 calories a day (sometimes more) and not working out at all. I'm not too big, but I want to do something about it before I get there. Obesity is in my family and I don't want to be a part of it.  




 Leaf. Was at a mall and a little kid comes up to me and tries to play. Up comes mom calling, "Leaf! Come over here! We have to get going, Leaf!" And then he goes over to some other people sitting on a nearby couch. "Hi! I'm Leaf!" I just looked at the lady. She kept calling the kid by name and I couldn't believe these people even existed. Maybe it was Leif, but I doubt this was the type of lady to name her kid after a Viking.  




 I always wonder if Willam ever takes his own advice. His lips are always so intense. It worries me in some of his videos. He always brings the butthole rule up when he's wearing a very bright and shiny lip.  




 I'm getting a ball off of this line! How long does the scent last and what scent did you get?  




 It's through school, so any consumption with alcohol isn't allowed and if caught, we get sent home. Host families are adjusting dinner times for us since they know we're on a different schedule. I would go for the food, but I think we have a curfew.  




