 3 guesses in which country it is native! 




 Isobel Carmody - Darksong 




 That dog is having a great time! 




 I don't think bitter would be accurate to describe how I feel. Sure I wasn't singing its praises, but I wasn't exactly being hateful about it. It bothers me and I said so. Can't a person express dislike for something without being bitter? You seem determined to pigeonhole me as some bitter, twisted man-hating feminazi when that is not me at all 




 What he meant was "because...boobs" 




 And I spent it curled up on the couch in my PJs, watching movies, eating apple pie and playing Pokemon with my husband :D 




 I'm a poet and I didn't even realise! 




 Ok ok, calm down. Just making an observation. And not that it means much to you, but I have never once used Tumblr. A woman can make valid social observations and not be labelled a man-hating feminist 




 Yeesh. There is a problem. Wanna talk about it more? 




 There it is! 




 Personally, I had no emotional attachment to him either, so I am not too broken up about it..but some people might have seen him in that light (well, maybe not as much as Robin Williams. That man was a global treasure) 




 :( 




 Well when Robin Williams died I legitimately wept and mourned, even though I had never met him. You can mourn the loss of a great person, because it is not only your loss, but the world's loss 




 All aboard the Carousel of Crazy! Ring a ding! 




 I'm sorry? 




 Ugh, buses. Travelling insanity boxes 




 Hey not towards me! Go creep out someone who isn't me.

And honestly, I've heard creepier 




 Uhhh 




 Knock yourself out 




 That's the spirit! 




 For some reason I figured you were goig to "try again" with her tomorrow.

But now I realise you might mean to move on. Nevermind. Not creepy. 




 Man, I'm just here for funny pictures and scary stories 




 Only a nark would ask such a question. Don't commit your hate crimes here, nark!


...I'm sorry, it means bad-tempered. British term 




 He has gone to the big gaming room in the sky where no cartridges need blowing and every score is a high score 




 See, where I am, it's Monday afternoon. Plenty of reasons to be narky 




 Good motto for life. Keep at it! 

But don't...y'know, be creepy about it 




 Noted. 

Is that your crass answer? Or have you got another one? 




 Let's hear your gripes! 




 You are right. What's with that? It seems like half of their energy is spent lamenting their lack of girlfriends and the other half is spent being sexist.


...


I am sensing a correlation here 




 You are right. Exaggerated titles are a Reddit staple....and they bother me. They shouldn't. It's petty. But it bothers me because some people actually agree with the exaggeration 




 Personally, I think dressing yourself and your kid up and going out in public isn't really something to warrant so much praise. Sure it's cute, but it doesn't make anyone the World's Best Parent. If I had a kid and my husband dressed up with him and got unending praise, I'd be a bit bothered because it's not really a great sacrifice to do that.

And I know this may just seem like I am trying contradict you but I fully intend to be that type of mum. Mostly because I will get fun out it too. But I would hate for people to think that *that* makes me a MOTY 




 These guys don't have to do much it seems to be FOTY, yet I rarely see a Mother of the Year. Literally all a man has to do is talk to a child and he is FOTY but mums would probably have to jump in front of a bullet to be MOTY...and even then it would probably be chalked down to "but mums are supposed to do stuff like that!" 




 Sarcasm is way too hard for me to detect on Reddit. I once ripped into a dude for being rude and sarcastic but he was legit, and I felt so bad. Now I take anything ambiguous as non-sarcastic just to be safe 




 I didn't say that was the reasoning for everyone. That is my reason 




 Shit yes. Being nekkid in your own house is the best feeling in the world. I especially loved it at my family home. We had lots of verandahs and were in the middle of the bush so there was no one but the trees and birds to see me.  




 Who doesn't?! 




 We found the idiot driver! 




 I took the safest option today: stayed in my PJs on the couch all day and watched movies.

100% safe! 




 Yes 




 Very 




 I know you are being sarcastic, but it was a bad breakup and seeing someone who looks so much like him makes me uncomfortable 




 Ugh. I couldn't imagine a more painful movie to watch. What's the point?

Plus, my ex looks like Channing Tatum, so I can't stand that dude

Edit: I'm sorry? 




 And there are a large group of women who don't like Magic Mike 




 Not pregnant. No excuses 




 Maybe later. Too busy eating pie right now 









 Because they can 




 It's the brand-name tinfoil. Great quality 




 Was...was the mayor a stripper? 




 I wanted to be either a Palentologist or an Egyptologist. 

I couldn't be an Egyptologist coz I would have to move to Egypt and I decided I couldn't be a Palentologist coz I thought all the dinosaurs would be discovered by the time I was older 




 ...is that better? 




 These clinics are hubs for human trafficking in the form of "surrogacy". Shame shame shame on you! 




 Fuck off, this does NOT belong here!!! 




 Well you did call your son Wolf... 




 Lol. Actually it was more like:

"Penny! Penny! Penny, come here you idiot! Don't just stand there looking at me you little bitch. Get out of the goddamn garden."

My neighbour angrily popped her head over the fence from amongst her bushes and had to take a few moments to figure out my deal 




 Wrangling beauracracy is my hidden talent 




 I'm sorry you are in what sounds like a troubling situation but this is not the right sub I think.

You might be after r/askdocs 




 My neighbour had the same name as my dog but she didn't know until I was out thr front one day and yelled at my dog for some reason. My neighbour was also in her front yard and got really confused when I started yelling at her 




 I got it done first try! The lady said people rarely get it done first try :D 




 Turns out they don't like colour copies. She had to redo mine, but dodn't charge me :) 




 I'm confused. My husband does this all the time (he is the ticklee, I'm the tickler)...are you saying I should film it and can reap karma? 




 "I'm smart you're dumb

I'm big, you're...err..." 




 In that case I will bring in my colour copies :) 




 And people say Australia is expensive! Jeez! My course was 6k a year but I didn't pay a cent til I was out of uni and working in a job related to my field 




 Great, thanks :) 




 butch

Nice try New Zealander!

 




 Hi, 

I am applying for my passport and on the application form it requests you bring photocopies of your documents but nowhere does it specify that they be certified. Does anyone know if you need to get them certified before attending the interview?

I know you need your photos guarantored but this is just the birth cert. and stuff 




 I loved it there! It was very pretty. We definitely want to go back and explore more 




 You would think that would not need pointing out but...here we are.

I might have made my meme better by saying "turn on your indicator *sooner*"

The guy who inspired this turned it on as he turned 




 But...but...I moved here from QLD and I *like* the cold 




 Ha ha yes! Exactly that place. To be fair though, it is one of the most beautiful places in Malta and it isn't a very large island.

I ended up leaping at him and hugging him so fiercly that he almost fell off the edge...oops :/ 









 Maybe he thought you said Honey Pigeon and thought you were going to eat it? 




 And set the ocean on fire, just to be safe 




 ...yay?  




 Ha ha that's why he is my Hall Pass! He is just so *nice*! 




 Ridic

Short for ridiculous.

Just fucking say the word!!! 




 I say hubby because husband sounds too formal and old. I hate wifey though, don't have honey to do lists and our sexy time is usually whenever my...hubby....grabs my hand and puts it on his junk 




 I dunno. Probably equally as pathetic as someone who is able to recognise everything as a repost or deliberately goes out of his way to find one... 




 Aka a Hall Pass.

Mine is Dwayne Johnson and his is Natalie Portman 




 "...this fucking guy" 




 Pot.

...not the good type. The mundane type that you put flowers in 




 Sassy Harry is my favourite Harry. If we were nice all the time I jut wouldn't like him as much 




 Unless like most religious surprises, the cake is a lie 




 And so God said unto Abraham, "Woof!"

And Abraham said unto God "Who's a good boy then? Who's a good boy?" 




 Oh good! I like surprises :D 




 Quite smitey 




 Uhh...yes? 




 If you believe in that sorta thing, of course 




 Just because someone thinks it is art doesn't mean it should be appreciated. So much crap is done in the name of art that just makes places look stupid. 

It may be art, but I don't like it either. Looks trashy 




 I saw it (or its twin) in Flagstaff gardens the other day!

If it is weird and out-of-place but looks kinda deliberate, just assume it is art. 




 If I don't want to hug someone (I'm not a touchy feely type of person) I just pretend to have a coughing fit just beforehand. I manage to pull off a really good death-cough when need be. I know this isn't a long-term fix, but keep it in your back pocket for emergencies 




 I was hurrying to uni one day and one tried to hook me by saying "Do you want to save the animals?"

I loudly and rudely said "No!"

As I passed, he quietly said behind me "...you *don't* want to save the animals?"

It was probably his go-to line when people answer him like that, but dammit, I laughed. 




 I know I have this pattern buried somewhere in my computer...but are you able to link it? I love these! 




 Dogs are the best. So trusting and loving. All they want is cuddles and ear scratches and in return they give you unending love. No human in the world is like that 




 Lucky everything was in black and white back then. I mean, in colour they might  not have been able to pull this off 




 I dunno. Put a dog in a sweatshirt and he looks tough and awesome...but put a cat in a.tutu and suddenly *that's* weird. It's not to my taste but I don't think it is creepy 




 What?  




 Selfish reasons of course. I want the experience of having and carrying a child.  




 You are probably right, but either way, I see no point in shattering the illusion now 




 Smmmmmokin! 




 r/reallifedoodles needs to get involved 




 Honey badger don't give a *fuck* 




 Right now? 




 He brings up the bracelet every now and then, asking if I still have it.

Of *course* I have it Dad 




 He was very against me taking it to school in fear it would break. 

...I ended up breaking it at school.

At first I didn"t tell him because I was worried about my own hide 




 All of this.  
You summed up my feelings exactly 




 What a silly assumption to make 




 He was serving in Afghanistan at the time and we had a holiday in Italy organised during his leave. He bought the ring over the internet (through a reputable site) and had it mailed to his mum. His mum opened the package when it arrived to check that it was all good. She then repackaged it, popped on a different name and sent it to me. 

He told me to expect a package and it was for a friend serving with him. It was somehing he needed over there and he couldn't get it sent over any other way. This was a pretty normal thing as a lot of his army friends lived on Base and hated getig things sent there, so they used our address.

 Anyway, I was going to pop the package in my luggage, but he very non-chalantly suggested I put it in my carry on, just in case. 

When I got to Rome, after our reunion, I gave him the package and he casually tucked it into his bag. Throughout the rest of the trip he kept putting the package in plain sight, making it seem unopened...but he had taken the ring out and hidden it. 

We went on a cruise and he was coy about me using the safe, always making me guess the combinations...which I never could. 

And, as we went from port to port he always asked me if I was having fun that day, trying to pick the perfect day. Malta was definitely one of the best days and it was made better after he popped the question in a beautiful garden overlooking the bay near Valletta.


And the rest, they say, is history.

Edit: He didn't count on me checking his mail for him. I saw the credit card statement a week before I left 




 He does care. He thinks he hoodwinked me into carrying my own engagement ring halfway across the world to meet him in Rome.
 He came up with an elaborate plan to make sure I was oblivious.

It didn't work 




 Awesome, thanks :) 




 I couldn't imagine ever feeling truly content with life if I knew I had given.up everything to have kids. I mean, I know you have to sacrifice a fair few things but I would need to keep a few aspects of myself or I will just end up resenting the kid, I think 




 Thanks :) It works on so many levels 




 My dad bought my sister and I matching bracelets on a holiday once so we would always remember the fun time we had. 

I broke mine a couple weeks later and it took me years to find a replacement. I never told him and I just pass the replacement off as the original.

I think he would be heartbroken if he ever found out I broke it 




 My husband thinks I never knew about the engagement ring before he proposed. He thinks he pulled off the greatest trick in history by me not knowing about it.

I knew. 




 Just as long as it is arbitrary hate just because they are kids and not because of my bad parenting, then that is OK. They will be my kids...strangers don't need to like them, just be able to tolerate them 




 I do agree that adoption should always be an option in someone's mind if they chose to have kids. If I can't have any of my own (I want the experience of bringing a child into the world, sue me) I will most certainly adopt if I can. I am also keen to foster 




 My husband went fishing on Friday/Saturday so I got some McDonalds and some ice cream, sat on the couch watching TV and playing Pokemon on my DS. On Saturday I went to a market and ate brunch with a friend, then went and got a massage and bought a pot so I could transplant all the gorgeous daffodils blooming in my yard into it. Sunday, my husband and I sat in our PJs all day playing Pokemon together, got KFC for lunch and hen walked the dogs. 

Life without kids maybe be "selfish" but fuck it...it's fun! 




 I have always believed that it takes a person to raise a child...not a parent. Don't let "parent" be all that you are. Be a good person first, and use that to be a good parent 




 Ugh, I am highly (silently) judgemental of peoples' parenting. I hate it when parents just don't *try* 




 I can only hope that when I do have kids (if I am able) I will use my hatred of other peoples' children to sculpt mine to be somewhat bearable little people. 




 I tried watching the Rugrats in Paris movie the other day and couldn't make it more than halfway. It was awful! I *loved* that movie as a kid 




 Ahhhh! I can't take them but can I just come over and rub my face on them a little? They are too cute! 




 Yes. But that is OK! Keeping riding that wave! 




 Nope, all dead 




 He really didn't seem "pompous" to me. It was just a description of himself to add context to the ridiculousness of him yelling at a chess game 




 Yes! Sometimes when I reach that point I just stomp on it and tell it is can just *live* on the goddamn floor if it loves it so much, then leave.

But jokes on me, because usually my dog will then come along and rip up the paper, making a mess which I then have to clean up later... 




 Temper tantrums at home are a great way to relieve stress. As long as it isn't at your family of course. 

I swear at inanimate objects...like, a lot. 

"Get in the fucking bin you cunt of a piece of paper or I will murder every little shit that you love!"

It really helps 




 I just realised something. No wonder teenagers are so apathetic about everything. They are making that transition from pure joy to hatred 




 In probably just 1 or 2years time they will look back on the best day of their lives and think "what the fuck were we thinking?!" 




 People keep trying to convince me to call my son Luke. 

My last name is Walker.

But that isn't the worst I could do. I really like the name Annika. Annika Walker. Middle name, Skye 




 My sister sorta made up her eldest daughter's name. She was going to call her Amity...but I didn't like the way she pronounced it so she suggested Emity and that stuck. It gets shortened to Emmy now but I still really like it 




 I don't know what your plan is for it but I found a great use for flowers with big crntre holes like this. I made a beanie for a friend's daughter and made a bunch of different coloured flowers just like this. I attached a button to the beanie so she could switch out the flower depending on the rest of the outfit. She loved it 




 Awesome! They all sound great. I am so keen for chicken and waffles! 




 It's almost as if there are other people from other countries who just might have different experiences than that guy...woah 




 Zzzzzzzz....ploop....zzzzzzz 




 I used to study in the cemetary at the end of my street. It was peaceful, nice and cool on a hot day and no one disturbed me.
 I loved it. 




