









 It is about saving rich people's money. $10.82 is not seriously a lot of money and is around what the minimum wage should be in the OC ($11.00). 




















































































 THe Goat Hill Tavern especially during Founders HOurs. 



























































 Please get out of the race O'Malley.  This race should between Sanders and Hillary Clinton.  You are not wanted.  Ms. Clinton and Mr. Sanders should have serious policy debates that will help the Democrat party in 2016. 















































































 I want to become a hike leader for the Sierra Club, but I need get my CPR/FIrst Aid certification.  Where is the cheapest place in the OC for getting certified? 
































































 I have a roommate who works for company that specializes in resolving traffic tickets.  You can call him at (626) 280-3300 for a consultation.  Sorry, for the advertising, but if you want some paid representation, he is more than willing to help you. 



















 I have the hardest time with sitting down to watch a TV show especially when it does not interest.  I can sit down and watch an espisode of GOT fine, but I struggle to watch reruns a lot of other shows.  I also live in at house where there is one TV and I have to be especially sensitive of other people's TV needs.  I usually spend my time on the computer where i can surf website to website and look at what interests me.  However, I believe that it aggravates my ADHD even more. I do not struggle with problem at work where I have lazer sharp focus and can do my jobs for hours on end even it is especially repetive.  Yet, trying to watch a TV show to be a difficult ordeal and I just cannot sit down and watch a TV show until its conclusions unless it is GOT where I force myself to watch the entire episode.  And I never watch movies because I know that I cannot stay still because I am on the computer the entire time.  Do people with ADHD struggle with same struggles that I do and just avoid TV 




 Yes, I have a huge issue with it especially if there is a lot of people interacting in a very small space. 









 Self-awarness  is the best tool to deal with it. 




 I do it a lot but not in front of others. I do ir especially if I have to walk far more than five minutes  


































 People should learn not to trust the GOP unless they explicitly and genuinely believe that what is right for business is the right for the country. 




 The GOP has no interest in workers rights.   





































































 The federal government should pass the minimum wage based on cost of living. That means the minimum wage would be lower in red states and higher in blue states. Locality-based minimum wages have a higher chance of passing the GOP Congress than a universial minimum wage. 







































 Crisco. It is my Burning Man nickname  




 2L of Mountain Dew and Pepsi. 




 lSd 
























 This is what happens when (i) you vote for Conservative and (ii) Labor fails to brand itself different than Conservative-lite.  Labor needs to be the party that stands up for preservation of social welfare because the government serves as an internal control against the excesses and failures of the capitalist system. 




 While there is better ways probably to root them out, I still prefer the military option right now.  Any type of rebuilding projects that involve US contractors would be mired in corruption so it is not our job to rebuild Iraq based on our horrific record with monitor and tracking outside contractors responsible for the jobs. 









 Does alcohol causes a majority of rich men have unmanageable relationships that tear part of relationships, businesses, and families.  Just because you are wealthy does not mean you escape alcoholism.
 




 A real alcoholic .  Recovery literature defines alcoholic as " Our whole life and thinking was centered in alcohol in one form or anotherthe drinking and finding ways and means to get more. We lived to use and used to live. Very simply, an alcoholic is a man or
woman whose life is controlled by alcohol We are people in the grip of a continuing and progressive illness whose ends are always the same: jails, institutions, and death. " 




 The question are they real alcoholics.  









 I guess the sheeple got their leader. 




 Move with roommates where everybody has to share one TV. That is my problem. So I barely watch any TV. 



















 The only real way is get money out of money out of politics and go to proporational representation system like other European country.  But that still might not get the result that you like 
























 Than it is time to starting throw CEOs in jails. 




 This is the Achilles heel of Republican budgeting and why the Laffer curve never worked properly. 





























 Go down to the local courthouse and ask for your court records.  Show the courts records to the employer 



















 However, one huge difference between Bernie and Obama campaigns in the 2008 campaign is that the Bernie's race and gender will neutralize the Obama racism that happened during the 2008 campaign.  However, the Republicanism will use the socialist death label to death and use Sander's anti-interventionist to drum up that Sanders will bring the terrorist back.  Unlike Hillary, the GOP could not resort to the personal character attacks aganist Bernie that they can use aganist Hillary Clinton all of the time.  

In some ways, Bernie would be attacked on policy stances and would not be attacked on race, gender, and personal character attacks that Obama or Hillary faced. 




 Yeah, but what about financial stablity. Financial stablity is defined as "Just because your business is making money doesnt mean its stable. Stability is the ability to withstand a temporary problem, such as a decrease in sales, lack of capital or loss of a key employee or customer. Analyzing your cash flow and a variety of negative scenarios will help you determine whether or not your business is financially stable."

That is very important.  No profits = no jobs.  We are not going to be in socialist utopia any time soon and lot of Americans will not accept it. I prefer socialism but I am also a pragmatic realist that understands that capitalism will be the system of the US for a long time. 




 The military should destory its excessive equipment because the mission of the police force is not urban pacification but to protect the citizens against violent offenders. I see no active restraint in doing this. 









 Wasteful spending at its worst.  Money is better spent on NASA, social programs. 




 Why would anybody celebrate cops dying in the line of duty?  This is time of mourning not rejoicing. 



















 And replace with what? Small city-based police forces. Look, at Bell for example.  Compton is another example of medium city police force that needs to be disbanded. 




 What is so bad about that? He killed 3,000 people and so he deserved to die even though 09/11 was an excuse by the neoconservatives to inflict war upon states that did not do anything to the US. 




 ISIS would have to couple of those planes. 




 Of course, Rick Scott wants to appease the tea party than deal with the future of his state.  He is a such dumb governor. 














 The problem about Labor is that it did not properly branding.  Branding is "your promise to your customer. It tells them what they can expect from your products and services, and it differentiates your offering from your competitors".  Labor did not promise any real change or any difference than the conservative problem.  Also, the Conservatives feed into the white's view of xenophobia and will make "Fortress England". Also, a lot of white people in general that I know support the business agenda because they in some day that they will benefit from the system that primary favors the rich instead of realizing the system in the long run is unsustainable and needs to replace with something else.  Therefore, in some ways, the proletarians are the dumb ones themselves because they favor the burgerious agenda.  But P.T Barnum once wrote "There is a sucker born in every minute". 




 Again, there is little detail in mechanics of TPP and how it works. Lengthy articles in the NY Times and serious discussion on Bloomberg and CNBC that discuss the mechanics of TPP would bring the agreement into the daylight.  I think corporate elites are too paranoid and too dishonest these days to face the sunlight, but in reality, the sunlight would expose the flaws and the strengths of TPP.   




 The whole NC legislator is dysfunctional bunch of misfits who answer to corporatist lobbyist and have no idea to how to properly state. I state that the whole legislature should be recalled. 




 Kids today have no manners. 




 Until the details of the treaty are made public and allowed for public scrutiny, I cannot support this law. 









 Loved that movie. 









 Obama is listening to the investment bankers and not you, the average citizen. 












































 So is the private sector any better?
 


































 Just curious 









 I have an interview with the State next week in Van Nuys and I increasily becoming frustrated that I had not one single offer of employment with the state despite having twenty plus interviews with them.  Some of them I can unprepared but a number of them is where I ex

I just want to nail this one interview and get it done.  The only problem is that I am a (LEAP) candidate which is the program for the state to hire disabled employees even though I qualify for the position on pure experience alone.

I just want some links to a Youtube video or some other resources to assist me. I have in a formal vocational training program right now so I have an instructor that can help, but we just need to find the right resources so he has more information to help me. (Note: I am mainly applying to Office Technician positions). 



















 I am very interested in getting involved with Bernie Sanders campaign and helping the campaign get started in Orange County. I do not have time to donate my time to the national campaign, but I can donate significant time during evenings and especially weekends to the campaign.  Does anybody know about the campaign starting here.  I do know there is a litany of progressive organizations that are in the county which I am not involved with, but any campaign involving Bernie Sanders would require extensive coordination with these groups because they prefer their input into any how the county-wide operations is ran.  














 Well, then all of the cities who want to raise the minimum wages have a point. 






















































 Time for war crime trails at the Hague. 









