




 Thanks! I tried looking online for this and couldn't find any answers. Probably wasn't wording it right, but I knew I could rely on r/drugs 




 Hey all, just a quick question on mushroom cultivation! If I were growing psilocybin mushrooms, had the cakes in the terrariums, and mature mushrooms, how would I actually pick them? Just yank em out of the cake? Or pinch it so there's a little of the stem left? 




 "decapitated by a flying fish" fuck you Terraria  




 The solo in Time is definitely one of my favorites of theirs  




 Heh I realized I should've clarified that it was for her dog, just too lazy to edit 




 One of my relatives uses a thunder shirt for when it's storming or during long car rides. Works incredibly well.  




 I have obe's often with dxm. I just get really comfortable and wrapped up on blankets and then lay back and close my eyes. Usually works.  




 Oh they knew it was a rip tide. That's why the jet ski guy pulled up and said to swim to the left. Also, when I got to shore, that guy told me how to swim if I'm stuck in a rip tide. I honestly don't understand why they wouldn't at least try helping me back to shore. I realize I was still swimming, but I was exerting every drop of energy I had. If I didn't reach walking depth when I did, I have no doubt that I would've just given up and accepted my fate.  




 Exactly what I thought once I made it back. I was clearly struggling out there. Even if he just moved out of the way of the wave, why would he not come back?  




 Right!? Even the one on the life guard chair didn't help me because it looked like I was still swimming fine. In reality, I had accepted my death as soon as I saw the giant wave.  




 So I visited the ocean for the first time ever today. My friend and I were having fun getting smacked by waves and whatnot, but were slowly going out further and further. At one point I see him further out than me, and to the left, so I started swimming that way. Since the waves were pretty big I couldn't really see him on my way over. Next thing I know I'm way far from shore, and the waves are getting pretty big. Little did I know, I was stuck in the rip tide. At this point my friend had already started heading back because the life guard was whistling, which I hadn't noticed.

So now I'm way out there, being pushed back more with every wave. I was swimming as hard as I could, but making no progress. Finally a life guard comes by on a jet ski and tells me to swim left. Well I look ahead of me to see how far I was and then I hear him zoom away. Upon turning around I see a giant wave headed right at me. Well that shit took me way up in the air, and then way down in the water.

Luckily I managed to surface, and swam harder than ever to get back. When my arms weren't doing the trick themselves, I started kicking off really hard with every stroke. Finally I get back to standing depth, but I was too tired to even walk. I just let the incoming waves knock me closer and closer. When I reached the shore itself, the lifeguard was standing maybe twenty feet away telling me to go over to him. Took one step and almost collapsed because my legs were like jelly from kicking off so hard. 

After that, I layed in the sand for what seemed like an hour catching my breath. I have never felt to hopeless in my life, or so tired. I was honestly on the verge of giving up out there because it was so tiring trying to swim against the waves. Of course, when I got back my friend told me that the first thing the lifeguard asked him was if I was drunk. 

Tl;Dr first trip to the ocean results in me almost drowning. Legs turned to jelly, and my mouth was salty. 









 Well I woke up with insane munchies, and I don't really remember much of how the end of my night went. I do remember watching some movie about airplanes. All in all, a good night 




 Well let me say, this is fucking great. As soon as the first one hit me was I getting great colors with my eyes closed. So, as any logical person would, I took two more an hour later. Wish me luck, I'm going in. 




 Luckily I was solo for this ride, but I can't even imagine trying to hide some that obvious 




 What's the point of tripping if I'm not allowed to  cut off a few heads? 




 That pretty much sums up how my trip went. Good to know own there are other trip trippers around.  




 I'm still in motion, but so far so good. Already peaked unfortunately.  




 I'm having fun on the road, and you should definitely tell us about your court story!  




 Yeah I always skip her too. She makes me uncomfortable.  




 After taking it as much as I have in the past, I don't even feel high below 500mgs. So this is a pretty average dose for me. And I've only gotten sick once or twice from it, and that was back when I first started doing it so I'm not too worried.  




 I've done it in worse places, and I'm pretty sure this won't be too bad. I'm just going to be sitting in the ac listening to music, so I'm not too worried. If I hadn't done this stuff so many times I wouldn't even consider doing it where I am today haha 




 Hey there fellow drug users. Well long story short, I have a 25 hour bud ride ahead of me, so I figured why not take some dxm to make the ride a little more fun. Just finished taking the 720mgs, and my bus should be here in about an hour. I'll be updating this as the high progresses!

Edit 1: just for clarity, I'm more than experienced with ole dexter, so the dose is enough for a good third plat. I typically don't vomit on it, but just in case I took it about an hour before the bus, because that should give me a chance to gauge where nausea will be. My plans as of now are to listen to a few albums of floyd or the dead, and when the peak begins I'm going to watch the move "Woodstock: three days of peace and music"  as its filled with great music. 

Edit 2: well my phone died before we even left the first state, and my peak arrived as I was switching busses somewhere. Now I'm just tired and  bored.  




