 Make me 3.. 




 I think that may be the car from the TV show called Fast N Loud..

There is a matching motorbike as well 




 Who?! Who doesn't want to wear the rrribon! 




 "I made dinner for you just the way you like it.. Perfect"


Makes me rage so much! 




 That's more of a bonus rather than a side-effect 




 To add a little more onto this, it  helps trigger us off at the same time (well for me anyways) 




 Timeless song. 

Could be worse.. Could've been Sandstorm. 




 What's 25i? 




 This made me laugh way more than I should've. Well played, son. 




 Get a dog that will grow up to be short and fat, call him FDR  




 Keep in mind that the cold weather does have some bonuses, in Sydney we need to drive for hours to see any snow, and for the same price it would cost you to fly to Thailand, get 1 week accomodation and all food paid for, you get 3 days at the snow for that same price. Not including lift passes, food, equipment.  




 It's the middle of winter and it was a cool 19 degrees C today..  




 I don't know what you call it in the US, but that would have nothing but 'boot rattle!'  




 Which team was which? 




 She kept on saying "uhuh hunny" a lot.. 




 Well said, even made me feel better than I did 5 mins ago.  




 Does the grate remove? 

You're going to need to get into the piping and clear what's blocking it.

Their should be another drain in the middle of your bathroom floor, is the water overflowing from there? If not, its the pipe from your tub to that drain.

If the water won't drain from the tub, its too late to pop in a pipe cleaner liquid like Drano, you'll need to clear the blockage. 

You may need to get yourself a snake (whatever you guys call it in the US) and break down the blockage. 




 When people breath through their nose and it makes that fucking whistling noise. 




 Not a quote but a scene.. 


Dale: 10:15 hank picks up Hal (into tape recorder)

Bill: What?

Dale: (rewinds tape and replays his message with Bill recorded asking 'what')

Dale: I SAID 10:15 HANK PICKS UP HAL!! 




 Online and cheap? Fasttech. 

Slow shipping is what sucks  




 Thanks mate 




 Awesome clip.. Thanks for making it!

What are you using to cut the clips? 




 Ooohhhhhhh, now I get it..... 




 It is when you're using eftpos 




 Me too 




 Growing up in a European family, that smack is the first thing I would've copped after my parents checked I was OK.

Not sure why you're being downvoted. 




 The update wasn't worth the factory reset.. Kinda wished they at least gave us a new watch-face to chose from.

The Wifi bit is cool though. 




 The factory reset worked for me. I got the update straight after it.

 




 No worries, thanks mate.

I'll wait patiently, it will drop sooner or later 




 Does your phone need to be on Wifi, or can it just be on 4G/LTE to pull the update? 




 That's a point to MS from your point of view, still doesn't change GNows ranking  




 Its like an episode of Seinfeld now, the one where George wants to use his comeback. 




 Still better than having nothing at all! 




 Yup, Verizon is Telstra. 




 Thanks mate. Was that your work? 




 Why? I don't need it to. 




 Verizon sounds like the Telstra of Australia.

I only buy Nexus devices because of the update schedule, except for the blip when Google released that heap of shit called 'Galaxy Nexus'.

Having carriers control the majority of the updates was a STUPID idea. 




 If pictures could make noise.. "WHOOOP WHOOOOP!" 




 Why didn't I know about this reply 30 years ago ! 




 Yup.. My social media extends to Reddit. The end.

The new generation are getting dumber and more pretentious with social media backing them, to top it off, they are socially awkward as fuck. 




 Nope, can confirm first hand that Google Now is the champ. 

Cortana is ok, but Google Now is vastly more polished. 

With Android M, I'm hoping that Google Now can do more and more  




 haha, well then, it was directed to me, I just didn't understand how beams covered in wood got me a response about Diabetes and Obesity 




 That boy ain't right  




 ahuh, cool.. 

Make sure you put a nice stain on it, will look good when all done 




 err.. I think this reply was meant for someone else. 

But thanks anyways, good to know! 




 What's up with that random timber box around your ceiling beam? 




 PS3??!!  




 The difference between a Mech and a Box mod.. 

I miss my Mech, but love the battery life of my regulated box mods. 




 I believe you buddy. 

But, if you're lying, I'll hunt you down with my pitchfork.

So, explain to me what is different with the watch now? (Your credibility hangs on this) 




 It begins.. 

Next is a bunch of S-sheep lining up and camping for the next Phone. 
 









 Fair call, well, wish you the best with everything. 




 What about permanently tattooing them on? 




 Nah, that bar was put there to hide how fugly the AU falcon was 




 I answered the 3 questions honestly and it recommended the Nexus 6.. 

I have the Nexus 6.

I guess that's somewhat of a win. 




 It looks good though.. That's the only real reason I want it.. It would be rooted within minutes and would run some stock version of lollipop :) 




 The N6 is my pride and joy.. I have one, I was more talking about getting one as my work phone (paid for by work).. Might look at something else instead though! Thanks for the comment / review  




 I'm thinking I'll apply for the S6 edge for me.. I like what they've done.

I answer approx 30-40 calls a day averaging 5-10 mins a call, receive approx 50+ emails a day, watch YouTube whilst taking a dump (15 mins), receive / send ~ 200 sms. 

(IT manager / on-call) the Nexus 6 wouldn't come close to what the dreaded iPhone offers for me. 




 If you can, try and hold them and see how you feel about them.

I have the Nexus 6, I love it, but I would never rely on it for heavy business use.

The G4 has been receiving awesome wraps lately.

The only downside is that you won't have pure stock Android with the other phones. 




 As much as everyone will argue it, the N6 is a gigantic phone with 'OK' battery life.

Be prepared for it, one handed use is a No, full day of battery won't happen.

I have a work phone as well as my personal, I can choose any phone I want, I HATE iOS, but for my work phone I use an iPhone 6.

I'm on the phone all day, including push emails, and the iPhone will die at 9pm from a 7am disconnect of charger.

The Nexus 6 at the same use would be dead at 3pm.

Get the Galaxy S6 edge and install the google launcher. I would've done the same but the S6 didn't exist at the time. 




 Props to you for having an actual credible reason to an incredible scenario.

I accidentally rubbed 100mg un flavoured Nic straight into my eye, you'll be fine.
 




 Winrar.... Best free trial ever. 




 Yep, HTC have been a little cunty lately, especially when giving honest feedback on their products.

I use my Nexus 6 turbo charger on the 9 and it works fine. 




 Mine does this at 15%  




 I didn't think magpies had a nice bone in their evil swooping bodies 




 Steam E-Cigs in Mascot.. They're a good bunch 




 Technically anyone of any age can buy a mod online.

The B M's I visit, refuse to sell to minors. 




 Un-installed.

Thanks to other comments in here, I now have Opengur instead, a LOT better. 




 Not in Australia they didn't. They never do. 


Cunts. 




 Directory assistance too 




 Awesome, thanks mate  




 Are most of them sideloadable APK's or do you need to flash the package from recovery? 




 Use nicvape for flavourless Nic.. Never let me down 




 I have the 12 edition since launch, its a little slow these days, but never bricked or skipped a beat. 




 Have replied to you via PM buddy. Pencil me in, give me a time and place and I'll meet you there. 




 Yeah me too.. I'm in. Happy to raise some awareness of vaping.

And no, I'm not a hipster that 'chucks clouds', I vape cause I hated smoking.  




 Looks great and all, but I'll suffer with this gigantic Nexus 6, until I see some front facing speakers on the new N5 or whatever other phone they release. 




 Huh? 




 The Simpsons.

It was one of those shows that I grew up with and can still quote line after line.

Ever since season 13ish onwards, it's been getting worse and worse. 




 The Lemo is a great tank, value for money, she's a great unit.

My B M I visit, use the lemo as the test tanks for all the units 




 Dripping isn't all its cracked up to be for me, you take away all the convenience of vaping. 

You need to carry a bottle of juice with you and keep on priming the coils.

Flavour and clouds are good, but not good enough for me to drip full-time.

I have the subtank mini as well, and the flavour and clouds are brilliant, even better than the Kayfun I use. The only reason I prefer the Kayfun is because its tiny in size as I have the Bell-Cap on it 




 Me too.. I'm now at 14 months of vaping 




 He looks like that Canadian astronaut 




 Yup, I've been through the ranks where you kick off with an evod, then you get your regulated Vamo, then you chase power and clouds which gets you on RBA's / RDA's and a mech mod, I'm now at the final stage of settling with an istick and a cloupor.. That's it for me.

I don't need or want a 5909w unit to fire a stupid quad coil, Jean zipper, rip tripper build.

Kayfun, single coil micro, .8 ohm on a regulated LITTLE unit is all I need. 




 If you have bought organic cotton specifically for vaping, don't bother.

If you have cotton from a chemist etc, I boiled mine. 

Some say flavor is better and others say it's to get rid of the treatment chemicals etc, I boiled a handful of cotton, strained all the pieces like a big ball in my hand them spread them out to dry in the sun. 

That handful will last you forever as you only need a fraction of a cotton ball when wicking.

As for coiling over a screw? No good.. How will you slide the coil of if it's stick between the threads?

The aim of the game is to have it tightly wound with all the coils in a perfect row together. When you fire the unit, the coil should glow from the middle then out to the edges perfectly. 

Kanthal is ready to rock straight off the roll, you'll fire it a couple times when you first build it, that will burn anything on there, straight off.


Get yourself a subtank mini from Kangertech.. It has coils that are pre-made, and gives you the option to build. This tank goes toe to toe with my Kayfun 




 Exactly the same here..  




 I've watched people burnt alive on liveleak, and it's this clip that had me cringing the most 




 I use 28g coil, 7 wraps over a 2mm drill bit gets me approx .8-9 ohms. 

It's technically 'sub ohm' but not really. Flavor and vapor is perfect for me at 18w.

Depends what you're using to fire the tank, you won't need an ohm reader. 

I have gone through all the units including multiple mech mods, now I'm sticking with an istick 30w and a cloupor mini as my all day drivers, both have an ohm meter built in.

Pm me or reply here and I'll try answer any fiddly questions for you from my own experience.

As much as the internet bashes Rip Trippers, his tutorial on basic coil building is all you will need. 




 If you quoted that all off the top of your head, you are the KOTH winner.

The "when shame eats too much stupidity" line, was my ultimate favourite in that rant. 




 Torrent. 

Watch all the KOTH you want, without Ads or headaches.

 




 The best part of this episode is when Hank allows Dale to let loose on Bill, but still makes sure that it's all above belt-ish. 




 Bill, have you been working out? 




 Hey, thanks Bro-bot. 




 uhh hmmmm. 




 What part of this is cringe?

The guy tried and got shot down. 

These days no one knows how to talk face to face anymore  




 So surprised to see that 'religion' wasn't the highest voted comment.. 




 A little while ago yes, but now a lot of planes offer WiFi, and their inflight entertainment also connects via WiFi so you can use your own device.

I flew Virgin Arline's not long ago and it felt so weird not hearing the "turn off all electrical devices" 




 Did you get up her shirt? 




 Huntsman.. Those things are ok.. 




 Larry's humour is still great, but you're right, it's very dry and at times a bit risqu.. Where Jerry's humour starts to trend towards slap-stick (well sort-of).

Both brought a lot to the show in their own way, but Kramer developed into an even better character once Jerry took control. 




 Fucking redback spun a web around the handle of my bin. Wheeling the fucker out last night all I could think of was where the cunt was hiding! 




 The Merv Griffin show was one of my favorite episodes. It's like Kramer's character found an extra gear when Jerry took over 




