 Really? It makes me glad that when women have a pregnancy they can't afford, they have options besides knitting needles and infanticide.

Infanticide was appallingly common throughout history, of course. I'll take abortion any day of the week over infanticide. 




  How often women with children regret having children.

Do you know, I actually know multiple people whose parents have told them one of the following:

1. They regret having children.
2. They regret having had children when they did, and if they could do it all over again they'd abort the first child(ren) and only have the later one(s).
3. They regret having as many children as they did, and if they could do it all over again they'd abort the last child(ren) and only have the first one(s).

These parents weren't all abusive assholes either, who might be expected to say *anything*. Some of them, as near as I can tell, are good parents... who, in retrospect, realize they screwed up and really regret their reproductive choices. 




 I can think of dozens of incorrect ways, and they mostly all start with assuming we've got no agency. 




 We're not sure. At least several weeks, but past that....

Also, did you know you double posted? 




 Nice username. 












































 FREEDOM.

(I think?) 






































































































































 I think it's entirely possible to look at a complex situation like the Syrian Civil War, where multiple parties are engaged in conflict, and come to the conclusion that there's more than one "bad guy".

IS is bad, but that doesn't make the Syrian government *good*. 




 The Syrian government has a habit of using barrel bombs on civilian populations, and there are multiple reports of chemical attacks as well. This isn't a one-off. 




 Jews and Muslims. 




 It does not show that it increases the chance. It shows that there is a correlation between those who are circumcised and those who are autistic. (Or at least I assume it does. I haven't read the article.) It does not show causation, however - it is possible (probable, really) that in Denmark, circumcision is only common in one or two minority ethnic groups. It is possible that those groups are simply more prone to autism already. 




 We know that autism runs in families. We also know that most Danes don't circumcise - ritual circumcision is probably limited to Muslims and Jews. Is it possible that either of those groups is simply more likely to be autistic? (Yes, I know that Muslims are not an ethnicity, but Muslim immigration in Denmark isn't from all over the Muslim world, is it?) 




 The Syrian government isn't exactly the side of the angels either. Strange as it may seem, sometimes in a conflict it's possible for *both* sides to be really fucked up. 



































































































 And if you lose your job, what are you supposed to do, euthanize? 
























 They have another piece criticizing the specifics of the proposed bail reform [here](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2015/07/09/the-problem-with-nyc-s-bail-reform). 














 Tell that to Trayvon Martin. 




 Any discussion everywhere involving gun laws turns to shit. 




 Just checking - this is supposed to be sarcasm, right? 




 Thanks for the update :) 
































































 What even is that?

I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but I keep staring at that sentence trying to work out if I'd ever phrase it in just that way. I think it's the even tripping me up. Now I want to run out and try to get people to say it so I can figure out if lots of people are saying it that way! 




 Sortakinda. It's got a mix of genuine ultra right wing freaks and jokesters. 




 Is their page on AAVE a rehash of every other racist page on AAVE? If so, I may yawn instead of laugh. 




 You shouldn't rinse enriched rice. You should rinse other rices, especially brown rice, as there is a risk of arsenic contamination. 


































 You're changing your argument. First you claimed that "a good portion of them" are terrorists - a statement that implies a large percentage. Now you are simply claiming that "terrorists are using the refugee streams", something that could be proven true so long as you can find a single terrorist who has done such a thing.

The worst part, however, is that you are acting as though those two statements are the same when they are not. 




 If you believe Breitbart. 









 You *do* know that Freudian psychology has long since been abandoned, right? 




 You *could* say lots of things, but most of them would be ridiculous. 




 To the world? What, is the gay agenda sitting on a couple of nukes? 

















































 Yay! 




 Doctor, doctor, will I die?

Yes, my dear, and so will I. 




 Do yourself a favor, don't carry wads of cash on the train. Civil asset forfeiture is a thing, and the government feels no compunction about keeping the money once they've claimed it.

Other than that, you'll be fine.

http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/05/how-the-dea-harasses-amtrak-passengers/393230/ 




 If it bleeds, it leads. You hear terrible things because terrible things get eyeballs. 




 Does this scale? Like, if only some English speakers have a word for that thing on the end of a shoelace that keeps it from unraveling (the aglet), does that mean that those speakers who don't know that word perforce don't have a concept for that, despite literally seeing it every time they look down and occasionally having to throw out old laces if they break in that spot? 




 What's the alternative? To divide the world into transfolk and *normal* people? I mean, we could do that, but given the value-laden feel of words like normal, we probably shouldn't. (Normal doesn't mean better, or superior, or correct, except when it does.) 














 A ban?

I just downvote Fail articles. I figure if it's good enough for Vernon Dursley, then, well, he can keep it. 
























 No, although it is unusual to find the atheist who *does* believe in supernatural beings such as ghosts. 




 Wow. That's something else. 




 Stonewords is a great book, but definitely not the one you're looking for. 




 Then you'll grow out of it in a short time. Sometimes children do go through phases, yes. It doesn't harm them to go along with it, though.

Puberty blockers are started at the age of puberty, or during precocious puberty. A ten or twelve year old is probably no longer going through silly phases where they would like to be a "butterfly" when grown. If they've been saying for years that they are really a girl (or boy), they probably know whereof they speak.

In between birth and puberty, if your child-with-a-penis wants to wear a dress, it doesn't harm that child to let them do it. And if your child-with-a-vagina wants to be called "Tom", again, it doesn't harm them to just go along with this. If it's a phase, they'll ask you to stop sooner or later. If it's not, they won't. Either way, they'll remember their childhood as being filled with love and acceptance.

Children never, ever, ever forget how you made them feel. 




  If they're at a point where they're cutting themselves, they have deeper psychological issues than simply not knowing what gender they are.

They do know what gender they are. It's the other people around them who sometimes don't.

 I don't think it's unreasonable to hold off on labeling a kid that young.

Nobody minds labeling babies as girls or boys, and we've found that when children say they're a girl or boy, they usually don't change their minds at adulthood.

See, this isn't something where we need to debate it out. We already have the facts. 




 There aren't terribly many out transgender individuals in the world to date, so it's normal for people not to understand. 

What I have found, through the advantage of being a few years older than you :) and also through happening to fall into the neurodiversity movement as a young woman is that it doesn't really matter if I understand another person's self-identification or not. All I have to grasp is that it is important to *them*, however strange it might seem to me. If I start with that attitude, I usually come to understand whatever-it-is over time, and without the stress. (I also ended up gathering a rather diverse set of friends this way. So much more interesting than only having friends who are like me!)

But if you're interested in the subject, googling "transgender 101" will get you a variety of links on the subject. Some are a little more adamant (http://www.tranarchism.com/2010/11/26/not-your-moms-trans-101/) and some are a little more easy-going (http://www.transpeoplespeak.org/trans-101/).  




 Children are very articulate at a young age. When your child at two  says "I'm a girl" and at three says "I won't wear those shoes, they're for boys and I'm a girl" and at four says "I won't go swimming in those, those are for boys, I'm a girl, I want a bikini" and at five says "Stop calling me Charlie, that's a boy's name, I want to be Anna"... well, at a certain point you have to pick up on the hint.

ALL preschoolers who are developing normally understand what gender they are. Sometimes other people don't understand *them*, but this is normal behavior for children.

And some of those kids will attempt to self-mutilate to get their bodies to look like they want. 




 That would have been great. That would have been *really* great. 




 So he doesn't betray Voyager to the Kazon, which would be silly because the Kazon are useless. He betrays them to somebody he thinks can actually get him home faster. Maybe we bump into Equinox sooner and he sells out secrets to *them*. Or some other mislaid Alpha Quadrant ship. 




 One doesn't become transgender. It's not a choice. One knows from early childhood whether one is male or female. The only question is whether other people acknowledge that or not. 

Edit: Just realized I accidentally erased non-binary people. Whoops. Didn't mean to do that, also didn't want to confuse the tyro here. 




 We've seen other trained Starfleet officers go to the bad. 









 I've been saying for ages that they screwed over a perfectly good character with Seska. Your rewrite is elegant and effective.

(Plus, unlike Seska, Carey has a right-now reason to be pissy and backstabby - he got effectively demoted in favor of a Maquis. Seska was just betraying them for the hell of it, as near as I can tell.) 




 Because the two scouting programs aren't affiliated in any way, shape, or form.

Also, you are conflating gender identity with sexual orientation. To put it loosely, your gender is who you are, and your sex is what's between your legs, and your orientation is who you wanna screw. 




 So your idea of reality is more important than how you treat other people. Nice. 

You think you're taking a bold stand for THE TRUTH, but really? You're just being a jerk. 




 ...have you read *any* case files? 




 Then you go off the blockers and enter puberty as usual, just a little later than most people.  




 But that's not what transgender children do. They don't say "I want to bake, and that's for girls" they say "I am a girl" and cry if you ask them to wear boy's clothes and try to cut themselves.

Your advice is just peachy for kids who say "I want to play soccer, not paint my nails". It's not good advice for children who say "I am a boy, I am a boy, whatever you say, I'm a boy". 




 When the seven year old told me she was a dog, all I said was "Okay, Spot". She grew out of it. If she'd told me she was a boy I would've said "Okay, Son". She probably would not have grown out of it, but if she had, there would have been literally no harm done.

Children always remember how you make them feel. 




 You need to be an adult in order to take hormones (fairly common) or have surgery (not so common - you can't show it off, exactly, and as I'm told it's not highly successful), but you don't need to be an adult to use your chosen name or wear clothes of the "other" gender or take hormone blockers to delay puberty. 




 Actually, no, scientists have done no such thing. Are you aware that mosaicism (where an individual can have some cells xx and some xy) is more common in transgender individuals than cisgender individuals?  




 For somebody who doesn't give a shit about them, your comments sure sound like screeds. 




 When you were seven, I bet you knew whether you were a girl or boy, right? 




 Yes, there is "such a thing as a transgender girl". Most children know whether they are boys or girls in preschool, hence, most transgender children know they are boys or girls in preschool - whether or not other people think their genitals match. 

And it can be frightening. It's not uncommon to hear of transgender girls trying to cut off their penises, for example.

Yes, this is possible without "significant environmental factors". This happens in accepting families where a child who says they are a boy (or girl) is allowed to use their chosen name and wear clothes of that gender, and this happens in non-accepting families where those children are told they're sinful and wrong.

Gender identity has no connection to sexual orientation. It has nothing to do with "being gay". Your sexual orientation is who you want to sleep with or date. Your gender identity is who you are. Your sex is (roughly) what's between your legs. 




 Surgery is actually apparently not that common. Hormone treatment is more common, as it's more useful in day-to-day life.

And no, one does not perform surgery or give hormone treatment to minors. At most, minors use hormone blockers between puberty and adulthood. If they go off the hormone blockers - a drug we've used safely for years to treat precocious puberty - they simply enter puberty as normal.  




 My guess is that they'll accept both mtf and ftm individuals. 




  Giving your boy a girls name and telling them they are a girl their whole adolescent life seems psychologically dangerous. 

You're right. Telling a child who insists she is a girl that she is REALLY a boy just because of how her body looks IS psychologically dangerous. Children whose self-identification is not accepted run a high risk of depression, self-harm, and even suicide - even when they're quite young.

This is not my ignorant supposition. That's why the accepted treatment for gender dysphoria is transition, because transition is the treatment associated with a reduction in depression, self-harm, and suicide. 




   I'd rather go by physical evidence than by word of mouth. 

Why? Seriously, how does it benefit you to make other people feel like shit? 




 Well, I think that answers my question. Nice talking to you, *doc*. 




 Most boys enjoy arts, crafts, and baking as well, if they're allowed to experience those things. 




 Yeah, hormone blockers are not the same as hormone therapy. If you stop taking the blockers, you enter puberty just like normal.

Also: Don't link to the Daily Fail, please. Whenever you're tempted to do so, just remind yourself that that's the paper *Vernon Dursley* reads. 




  If it were genetics then we would see identical twins undergoing the same experience with gender dysphoria. 

Not necessarily. For example, we know that schizophrenia is highly heritable, but having an identical twin with schizophrenia only gives you a 50% chance of developing it yourself.

Additionally, many conditions are congenital that are not genetic in nature. We know that fraternal twins where one is female-bodied and one is male-bodied are more likely to have at least one twin be transgender than singletons, probably due to hormones in utero. 




 Well, it's better than them thinking that we go "Let's chop it off!!!!"

*headdesk* 




 No other comment on this thread suggests that. Indeed, I'm pretty sure you're the only person - pro or con - who has made any statements about using hormones in childhood. 




 Children state that they are boys and girls BEFORE they know that different people have differently shaped genitals. 




 So you're saying that when ANY seven year old says "I'm a girl" or "I'm a boy" we should tell them they're wrong? 




 One doesn't transition until adulthood.

Or, rather, one doesn't undergo hormone therapy or surgery until adulthood.

And no, what tends to laed to self-harm is lack of acceptance. 




 Young children are NOT put on hormones. However, many are put on hormone blockers - a treatment which has been used for decades in treating early puberty, and which is accepted as safe - until majority. At that time, if they change their mind, they can simply go off the blockers and puberty will begin as normal.

Alternatively, they can start hormones as adults, and the transition will  be easier and their appearance will more correctly look like other men/women because they won't have gone through the "wrong" puberty. 




 They're not too young. ALL children develop their gender identity in preschool.

If a child with a penis is not "too young" to determine that they are a boy, and a child with a vulva is not "too young" to determine that they are a girl, then the converse is true as well.

"I'm willing to bet money less than half would transition after puberty and they would all live happy lives."

You would lose that bet. People who have more education than you have spent years, even decades studying the subject. Lack of acceptance is associated with depression and self-harm - even in small children. 




 Where has this happened? 




 Well, they don't conclude they're transgender. (That's the accepted term, by the way.) They conclude that they're a girl or a boy. 

When you were small, before you knew that people's genitals differed, how did you know you were a girl or a boy? You knew you wanted to act like grown ups of your gender, and you wanted to fit in with other children of your gender, and that you didn't want to do things that were associated with the OTHER gender.

That's all. It's the same for transgender children. 




 Except that transition is the accepted treatment for gender dysphoria. Transition is associated with a reduction in suicide and depression. "Helping people stay in touch with reality" is associated with an increase in those things.

If you came to me and said you were a dolphin, I wouldn't think you were crazy, I'd think it was none of my damn business. 




  And honestly how many transgender kids are there?

Transgender individuals (based on self-reporting) appear to comprise about .5% of the population. If we assume troop sizes of about 10 girls each, and that transgender girls are as likely to join girl scouts as not, then that's 1 in 20 troops having to deal with this.

However, it can actually be dangerous to identify as transgender, and there's a distinct lack of understanding and awareness around this issue. We're reasonably certain that our numbers are lower than reality, because many transgender individuals won't admit it, even on an anonymous survey. (And the situation gets more complicated with children, as their parents have to accept it for the kid to get anywhere with that.) So we don't really know how many transgender kids there are, nor how many might take advantage of this policy. 




  quite frankly I don't know anyone who was transgender at that age so it was never even an issue.

I know multiple transgender people, and to my knowledge at least 75% of them knew they were trans at that age. 




 I don't know what sort of public bathrooms you use, but here we have a nifty thing called "stalls". 




 It's not "ludicrous". Most children know what gender they are in preschool. We only call it strange when what they know doesn't seem to match up with their external genitalia.

Denying a child's stated gender identity carries a real risk of depression and self-harm - even for very young children. And it's much harder to transition as an adult if you've already gone through puberty as the wrong gender. (Puberty blockers are plenty safe. We've used them for decades to treat precocious puberty. All they do is they prevent puberty. If, upon reaching adulthood, the individual decides NOT to take hormones to transition, they simply go off the blockers and enter puberty in the usual way.) 




 And where did you get your degree, doctor? 




 Do you insist that your child with a vagina "sexually mature" before calling herself a girl? Do you think it's odd that children with penises are allowed in preschool to call themselves boys? 




 Well, money being fungible I'm not sure that works. Either way, that sends a message that this sort of donation with discriminatory strings attached is acceptable. 




 The Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts of America are not affiliated in any way, shape, or form.

The Boy Scouts tends towards the right - hence their ban of gay members until very recently, their ongoing ban of atheists, etc.

The Girl Scouts tends towards the left - they don't care about the religious affiliation (or lack thereof) of their members, they've been fairly LGBT positive for a few decades, and so on.

More liberal families who want their boys in scouting programs go for groups like Campfire USA or Spiral Scouts, however, none of these have anything like the numbers of Boy Scouts so some just hold their nose and join Boy Scouts anyway. And Conservative Christian families who want their girls in scouting programs join American Heritage Girls or Royal Rangers, both of which seem to also have male analogs. 




 Your sex is, roughly, what's between your legs.

Your gender is whether you feel like a girl or a boy.

Most children know what gender they are in preschool. And for most children, it matches up neatly - children with a penis and testicles know they are male, children with vulvas and vaginas know they are female. Nobody questions this, until it goes the other way and a child with a penis knows she's a female or a child with a vulva knows he's male. 




 Your gender identity isn't a decision. 

Call up your parents. Ask them when you started saying you were a girl (or a boy) and saying things like "Girls do this" or "I don't want to wear those, those are for boys (girls)". 

Unless you were highly unusual, this was in preschool.

That's a normal developmental timetable for ALL children.

When you tell children that what they know about themselves is false, you run a high risk of depression and self-harm - even in preschoolers. Whatever you might like to think on the subject, it's not too much for the attitude you espouse to hurt children. 




 Gender identity is something that forms in most children in preschool - for both cisgender and transgender children. 

If your female-bodied child goes around telling people she's a girl, do you correct her and say "No, honey, you don't get to say that until you're in puberty"? Of course not! Ridiculous! So why do you think that transgender children don't know? 




 Well, the trouble is that transgender children don't get a choice. Would you have them excluded from all organizations just so your children don't "need to be concerned"? 




 No, and in the US the two groups haven't been affiliated in many decades. The Girl Scouts also doesn't care about the religious affiliation or lack thereof of its members. 




 The same way a cisgender child knows they're a girl or boy.

Children usually form their gender identity in preschool. A seven year old who does NOT know whether they're a girl or a boy would be very unusual. 





























 Maybe he can never be bothered to update his antivirus protection. (This isn't a joke, I'm serious. If I were a sentient computer, I'd be very concerned about malware.) 




 True. NYC is in the Northeast, and our dialect is the best. AND NO I AM NOT JUST SAYING THAT BECAUSE I AM A NEW YORKER. Really! *Really!!!!* 




 Did he actually commit murder? Did he willingly torture when not ordered to do so? Did he actively hunt down Harry and his friends, or give them up? 




 That book, incidentally, showed me why Snape can't stand Hermione. I'm convinced it's because his standards are simply higher than that of most of the other teachers. He's absolutely right, Hermione *does* just memorize and regurgitate the textbook. She's hopeless when it comes to novel work, which is probably *why* she was so pissy that the modified instructions worked so much better than the "official" ones. 




 Indeed, the HBP was, based on the marginalia, an interesting, potentially likeable person... two adjectives almost *never* applied to Severus Snape outside of the fanfic. 




 I'm a fan of Dudley Dursley and the New Normal.

https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7638156/1/Dudley-Dursley-and-the-New-Normal 




 Harry is not the world's most observant protagonist, and Ron is even less so. If Hermione had taken a really good look I'm sure she would have seen, but she was in a snit that whole term over the "unofficial" instructions, wasn't she? 




 Extenuating circumstances - he was a minor when most of his crimes were committed, and he was under extreme duress with threats against his life and the lives of his parents.

I also wouldn't be surprised if, as in Germany after the war, there was some official forgiveness for people who committed lower-level crimes, simply because a full reckoning would have devastated the population. 




 And ironically, the poorer you are, the more expensive the nearest grocery store is likely to be. (More expensive, with worse quality food and a smaller selection.) Poor people are a captive audience. 




 Only a small minority of states allow one to purchase hot food or food at restaurants with SNAP. 

While it makes intuitive sense that poor people should buy whole foods and cook them, remember that many poor people - such as the homeless - do not have easy access to a kitchen. 














