 At the pitchfork emporium, on pitchfork street, down in the pitchfork district. duh! 




 Debit is charged immediately, you can't refund it or adjust the charge once the transaction is completed. When it's done as credit the transaction is stored in the machine, it can be edited and deleted and doesn't go through to the bank until the terminal is closed out at the end of the day and even then the charge still usually takes a few days to go through. If you want to keep close track of your account the use debit.  




 A lot of good books but reads like the check list for being a pretentious douche bag. 




 I'm surprised how ok with this I am. 




 I got diagnosed in my mid twenties, it wasn't until I was almost 30 I began to exercise, eat right and lost a bunch of weight. I havnt had a attack in almost two years and I eat shit loads of protein and drink fairly regularly. I do take allopurinol and naproxen so that does help. But the amount of protine I eat is absurd.     




 I think I liked it, I like most Clive Owen films but nothing about it is very memorable. 




 That's awesome.  









 Can someone ELI5 what exactly this cloud is. (Serious) 




 That's so bad ass. Great way to start my day. Thanks! 




 Boobs 




 One night in Bangkok is about the world chess championship. 




 What is this, the ISIS slam dunk contest. 




 I miss those. :( 




 We're getting fucking honey-dicked! 




 Some goats just wanna watch the world burn. 




 My movie logic tells me that a few bodies will be popping up in the future. 




 When DoA beach volleyball came out, one of the major game mags published in there April issue that if you beat story mode in under 13:00 min you could access nude mode. Joke was that it took no less than 13:01 min to beat. April fools perverts.

http://deadoralive.wikia.com/wiki/Dead_or_Alive_Xtreme_Beach_Volleyball 




 Saw bassnectar at that auditorium awsome acoustics and the floor is vaulted so it bounces when the crowd bounces.

Welcome fellow citizen! Congratz! 




 The second Avalanches album. 13 years and waiting.  




 Thick not petite, just sayin. 




 I liked it, good music choice, what was the first song? I feel like the kid pop up was  unessacery and then the movie samples could be mixed in better. But well done. Better than anything I could do.  




 Kinda in the spirit of long planned out things you have the french guy who when he died sealed his house off for 100 years.
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/02/pictures/110209-maison-mantin-french-time-capsule-mansion/ 




