 You just summed up the logic of every Empire player in Star Wars The Old Republic haha! 




 You bastard and your sick reference. Have a damn upvote. 




 20 yo as well checking in. Used to come home after middle school and watch it. 




 That's called the "Steve Jobs" lifestyle 




 My girlfriend is actually the true definition of curvy, with thinner waist and round hips, but she wants to lose some weight still.

Honestly I hope this fat acceptance craze dies down and people realize that leading a healthier lifestyle will better them. Im not saying everyone has to be a supermodel, but knowing the health risks of being overweight and trying to make a healthier you will lead to better happiness. 




 Thats why its so much easier to be an individual. Its kinda like "piss on you guys, I'm gonna go be not judgy over there." 




 Growing up as a kid who took technology and gaming quite seriously and competitively, I can confirm. I'm in culinary school and I remember jack shit on the job, constantly asking questions on stuff I know I should have memorized. Working on retraining a proper memory sucks. 




 Now I'm a bit of a fanboy for J.R.R. Tolkien and Peter Jackson, I loved all the movies for Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit (the last is a better book though), but it will be a veeery cold day in hell before I read Fellowship of the Ring again.

Let me summarize; rolling green hills of The Shire, birthday party, Frodo gets the ring, rolling green hills of The Shire, walk around The Shire, rolling green hills of The Shire, Ring Wraiths, rolling green hills of The Shire, Tom Bombadil, a freaky forest... rolling green hills of The Bloody, God Damn Shire.

It continues like this for nearly the entire book. For anyone that has seen the movie before the book, you will get a third of the way through it and start getting annoyed that they arent out of The Shire yet, but wait, there's more of it! 




 I met Michael Buble at a bakeshop near my college last year. He was placing an order for an afterparty for his concert the next day, all the staff were posing and he had a bakers hat on.

Dude looks hella old when he has no makeup and a week's scruff on his face. 




 Even so, that'd be a cool urban legend for a music legend. 




 *Red October, shtanding by. 




 I have 4 knives I commonly use. And it's a nice little French restaurant 




 Being a cook at a restaurant, I'd rather have 10000 spoons than 10 knives. Spreads sauces so much faster, and I'm always running out of spoons. 




 600 000 population of Vancouver? Is The Guardian only counting West Vancouver?? We have more that than over here in Winnipeg; the Vancouver most Canadians think of includes Surrey, Burnaby, etc. 




 All that screaming is just for cameras. Chefs can be sued now for unhealthy working environments and abuse.

Also, as a cook in the fine dining industry, to hell with competitive cooking. That is not what food is about. Every level headed chef will tell you all food has a time and place.

Duck confit? Delicious French cuisine. Shitty McBurger? Good drunk food. It doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it. One of those cooks might brew up the best recipe for braised cow tongue, but if no one wants it, who cares? 




 I hate elo hell!!!

No, I did not steal your kill with my rocket grab, I secured the kill you couldn't be bothered to aa for the kill!

I've taken a liking to playing balls deep aggressive Blitzcrank support, and the last few games have been nothing but adcs with zero follow up. I literally set up double kills and all the adc has to do, but doesn't, is show up, use an ability and aa, and bam, time to kill a turret. 




 With so many issues with bad cyclists, bad drivers not respecting cyclists, and everything, I can't see how jurisdictions haven't made it law to regulate ALL road transportation, including cyclists.

Example, last year there was a cyclist that caused and died in a three car pile up during busy traffic near the city football stadium because making a left into incoming traffic is always a good idea. 




 In the same vein, if you're not on a major unlit highway, turn your damn highbeams off. I'm sick of being in parking lots and side streets late at night and being half blind the whole time.

Unless there's a catastrophic storm worth of rain or snow pouring in the city, regular lights work just fine! 




 Anyone else remember the heavy compaigning by Bond fans to replace Craig as soon as they announced him as the new 007? When Casino Royale was released, Craig nailed the performance and won over a ton of angry fans. 




 Even though they stole them from great mother Belgiumland!! 




 I love hanging out with my friends and playing some games, watch a movie, get some takeout, whatever. Sometimes we split a few bowls, chat, and have a great time. Never once has anyone talked about how much they did/could smoke or harassed the others about doing more. Its entirely about the social experience for us and we love it. And we don't get together for the high, usually its to hang out or have a barbecue, fun stuff.

Edit: we aren't even typical stoners; I'm in college to be a chef, my best bro is a entertainer, and our friends are university students for engineering, music, etc. 




 The girl I'm seeing did this to me, or so I thought. I found out days later she was recovering from a minor heart attack (gotta love those health conditions) and otherwise loved that I was so concerned for her. 




 Even some of the microbrews can be hit and miss on the prairies. Personally I prefer European imports, except Guinness, that just tastes like tar. 




 Of course my mind imagines this as a thing between Carol and Krieger and his van... 




 I dont know if the mind would register the pain different when pushing out a 6 or 10 pound ham. 




 Getting a new car changed my life.

Spend a day in my life, what sounds better? 2 hours on a bus that smells like alcohol, piss, and wasted lives? Or 15 minutes (exact same route) jamming out to your own music like you dont care? 




 Manitoba checking in. Storm drains finally cleared of all the snow melt. The potholes are so bad this year city services and radio stations have report-a-pothole hotlines set up. 




 Witherchin. We all thought it. 




 Or glitter-sneezing fabulous on the inside. 




 Ive been binging Archer lately and read that in Sterlings voice. 




 I have no sources to support my thoughts, but i think boys and men generally lack a creative mind without training it. We prefer preset objectivesthat are achieved in a stimulating manner (the classic "whats the job/task/quest/whatever and how do i do it in an awesome way?). I think this is partly why the gaming community is so dominated by guys. 




 I must be the only one having a good time with Bell. I got my plan upgraded, cut the price to student rates, an extra year of insurance, and i got the phone i wanted for zero dollars. I will never go back to MTS, with their awful customer service, failed tech support/repairs, and overpriced/useless data plans on cheap brands no one in the western world has heard of. 




 I have never seen such a misinformed post in my reddit experience.

Yes climate change is a big deal, but its definitely not very big as to why US is running short on water.

Many of the surface water sources are polluted, aquifers are nearly drained to sustain cities that shouldn't exist, such as Las Vegas and parts of California.

Whenever a governing body deems there is an excess of a water source (there is no such thing when it is one of the few things sustaining life on earth), they sign really shitty contracts to sell to Nestle for next to nothing.

The US is running out of water because of decades of corruption, greed, and mismanagement. 




 Ugh, can pop/rap/hip hop finish its phase so real talent can be mainstream again?

I've rocked out so many times to the likes of No Doubt, Paramore, Save Ferris, etc. 




 I'm 20, not like I've had a few shirts with his face on for a couple years... 




 How about we trade Minnesota for Alberta? 




 Back when warcraft 3 was a thing i met a guy from atlanta that didn't know north dakota existed.... 




 My guess is Havanese (spelling?). My aunt has one and he's just adorable and full of energy. 




 Not going to the bottom to see if its here;

Octavarium by Dream Theater (24:00)

If you haven't heard it, my best description is its a prog rock symphony. Or spend the next 24 minutes changing your life. 




 I am Murloc...? 




 Have you seen Foxcatcher? He's looking like he's twice that age. Time is not treating him well. 




 Journey has way better in their catalog than Don't Stop Believing. And none of it is so called arena rock garbage.

Lots of ballads actually, with some randomness thrown in. 




 Went to see a movie this week with a friend. I was distracted and just followed her into the theatre room, found seats, sat for half an hour before realizing we're in the wrong room.

Sidebar, what are those rooms called? We don't really have a word for it in my area; the whole building is a theatre and each room showing a film is a theatre. 




 Which aren't even French. They're Belgian. 




 I'm always tired, cut some slack 




 As a cook, thi... wait, wrong thread. 




 Playing both league and wow, I agree. 10% margine of error isnt terrible. Same for wow, so many people complain about nerfs to dps for certain classes/specs every patch, but nearly ever time all specs are within 5% of each other, so all specs are viable to an extent.

No one can balance a game perfectly, deal with it and get better. 




 Why is it always left wing/right with you Americans?

Grow up and realize some people are just as stupid as the next. 




