 I'd start with Novare Res: Crab Rangoon grilled cheese and over 500 beers. 

The Great Lost Bear has a good beer selection but food is hit or miss. Its also next door to Maine Brewing Supply if you like to homebrew. 

Kings Head has an awesome draft selection. Only time I've ever seen Allagash Dubble on draft.

Also, and most importantly, go to the Allagash brewery! They do free flights and often include beers you *can only get there*. Their house beer is pretty good! All you have to do is walk in and show them your ID. Good deals on bottles there too.  




 Disclaimer: I only practice MSR and have no experience in other ryu-ha.

 I saw the other video on that you mentioned r/koryu. I'm impressed by his dexterity and agility but to be honest his posture feels wrong *to me*. He leans forward a lot which is more evident in the other video. That said I know nothing about this ryu-ha so can't speak to why he maintains that posture (which is probably correct in their practice!). Its always interesting to see the nuances of each school. Thanks for the vid! It was a good watch 




 All I'm seeing is Warcraft 2 terrain tiles. Zug zug. 




 I'm on to you Harold Camping... 




 Mainer here... Though I completely disagree with LePage about everything on a deeply fundamental level, I have to admit that he is nothing if not blunt and honest. I do appreciate the fact that he tells it like it is regarding his *political* intentions and beliefs (Again, I could not agree with the man any less about any thing). However, in any other regard: To steal from Lewis Black "He says things that he should think and shut his fucking mouth" 




 Can confirm; am scientist. I wish this point would be made more frequently and to a larger audience than those who are irritated enough by Michael Moore to read through these comments. Let me go to my lab and grab you an up-vote! 




 Beautifully done film. Certainly worth checking out. A bit more of a dramatic take on the samurai genera. 














 In response to the shooting the state building lowered the American flag to half-mast but left the Confederate flag flying at full-mast. They  said it was because the flag can only either be up or down and the 'flag pole' was not designed to fly half-mast. 

TLDR; White supremacist shoots up black church. State lowers US flag to half mast but leaves confederate flag at full mast. State refuses to remove flag and says its a 'conversation for another time'. People *finally* start to realize what the confederate flag stood for and go WAY too far trying in to not look racist (like removing Civil War apps). 




 Wow... I somehow didn't make the connection between the book cover and the house.

Regarding the band - That was one instance where I felt that there was some sort of dissociative identity among the narrators. Zampano created his entire thesis and Truant created details of his life; why not create the band as well. At least then he wouldn't be alone in his insanity and it seems that loneliness is part of what's making his anxiety worse (per his anecdote about his doctor friends). Also, the parallels between Truants childhood and Navidsons are very similar. The mom who left to become an actress, there were a lot of reflections in Tom from Lude, etc. Unfortunately it's impossible to know what is real with Truants narrative. 

I think that you hit the nail on the head and made another connection I have not - The book was intended to use our own discomfort and insecurities to pull us in and change shape depending on who is 'in' it... just like the house... Damnit I fell for it! 




 *spoilers ahead* I just finished house of leaves; it was an awesome read and insidiously creepy. I did notice one thing... there were too many parallels between truant and zampano and I honestly got the feeling that either there was no truant or that there was no zampano. I feel that they're the same person. Truant confabulated  frequently; he openly admits this often but we don't know unless he tells us. It also seems zampano made up the Navidson Record... I feel they're the same person. Hell, maybe its all Truants mother! 

Thoughts? 




 Your dad looks like Liam Neeson. I feel bad for the barber who took his hair...  




 Irreversible. The ending threw me into a three day existential crises. The ending is more depressing than all of Requiem for a Dream 




 For good kisses call 867-5309 




 Edward Norton as Deryk Vineyard. Not one person could have done it better. Michael Chiklis could maybe have come close at best. 




 Too real... Too soon...  




 Went to college with a girl named Novette. Her dad sold his corvette when he found out they were pregnant 




 Regardless of what OPF has become I think people like you are one of the high points - having fun while realizing someone has to clean up the mess and not being a jerk. In all seriousness, thanks! 




 I have to agree with u/mydogcecil. Its like most of the local vendors and artists bailed and all of the OOB bullshit came in. I saw a lot of 'local artists' selling literally the exact same items at several tents; even when it wasn't the standard tourist trap items (fake sea glass, mass produced pepper grinders and cutting boards, etc). That being said I DO hope that it brought some business to the local spots but sadly I'm sure that Starbucks sold enough frozen coffee mochafucklatachinos  yesterday to open a fourth Old Port location. In my humble opinion it feels like Old Port Fest became more about bringing in out if town cash for minimal overhead than showcasing what the city is all about. This months artwalk would have been the perfect OPF (real Portland restarants and food trucks, legitimate Portland artists selling crafts they actually made, local musicians, etc) This weekend just felt like a walk through OOB and it really bummed me out. 




