 Never hurts to try man, we can dream, right? 




 All is good my friend, I figured, wasn't sure why you were getting downvoted. You could still throw a signature on this petition, help a MK brotha out. lol 




 There is so much more art and lore that only the creators have that cannot be seen on the wiki though! It'd be amazing to have the entire lore put together in a nice looking encyclopedia!   




 Fans have been creating videos for us!! 

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hvI1MSosMI

Video by Heroic Enemy Discussing an MK Encyclopedia: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_lR2wJXvgo

Video by Nickfamous: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNHhjav91vs 




 With Mortal Kombat 20+ years running and not a single book including the lore is out there. We need an MK Encyclopedia! Shawn Kittelsen has already said he'd love to author it, and with 20+ years and around 70 characters, us MK fans would love to have an at-hand hardback type book with everything based on the MK Lore at our hands! Signing this petition will let those up above (DC Comics, Shawn Kittelsen, Ed Boon, Netherrealm Studios, Etc) know that YOU want an MK Encyclopedia! 









 Time for some venn diagrams! 




 I always have a bucket of feathers on standby for moments like this. My time is now. 




 whoa. 




 I knew you were a Redditor, Hermes. 




 "If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please... with sugar on top. Clean the fucking car."

The Wolf- Pulp Fiction 




 Chubby's food is soooo good.  




 I expect to see this on Reddit in a couple years as a new homeowner freaking out. 




 Cheerwine* I'm new to the area and I don't think it is good at all. lol 




 AAAHHHHHHH! DO IT! 




 Country. Just can't do it man. 




 Depending on distance and relationships with family and friends, it could be easy or extremely difficult. It was pretty hard for me...the freedom is quite nice though.  




 I can't upvote this enough. She is incredible! 




 From FP to Buzzfeed in no time flat. CNN will be featuring this tomorrow.  




 You have died from dissin Terry. 


"Don't ever mess with the Hulkster, brother!" 




 I was pretty disappointed as well. 




 Come to Raleigh, NC. Number 1 in job creation. We have a spare bedroom! 




 Yea, OP is just a fucking idiot. 




 Please refer to the sidebar. 




 Are you waiting for Axel...Axel? 




 Why would this be a strange song at a party/dance...?

Also, thanks for playing it for me! 




 I think he meant he was going to say that everyone on here is amazing cause someone always has an answer.

 









 Hey you used this meme wrong while talking about memes bein....ooh. Got it.

Clever, have an upvote. 




 Reebok screen printed bought from NFL.com. Pics available upon request. 




 Yess!!!! Dank meme revived. 




 1. Mid to late 90's WCW and WWF.

2. I watch Raw almost every week, a bit of NXT, and getting into ROH since its on TV. 




 Uh, where's that. lol 




 Beer and company is half the fishing experience! 




 Show me around! 




 That would be kickass man! You drink beer too? 




 You are the greatest! 




 Let's do it! 




 I've heard that. 




 Here? I don't know. I moved from PA two months ago, that's why I made this post. lol 




 So I moved here a little over 2 months ago and I haven't fished yet. Mainly because I don't have anyone to go with/show me some spots. If anyone is interested in taking up a fishing partner, let me know. I have all my own gear and everything, just need a partner, as my roommate does not fish. Let me know! 




 Show me the ways of your people. 




 It's sooo bad. 




