 Disney World Pass 




 This might be better in /r/AskRedditYesNo  since this is a Yes/No question. 

Perhaps people are posting FIFA games because the game is fun. Maybe they didn't pay for the game. FIFA is corrupt..but what am I going to do? Stop watching soccer? Or playing video games? Nope.  




 Bat country 




 Oh okay. Still today that is what I learned.  




 No there is not because the actor(s) don't appear in the film so that is the reason basically. A lot of people wanted scarlette johannsen nominated for "Her" but she wasnt in the film. 




 No dude. It is not. It is YOUR OPINION. You have already lost because you think an opinion is fact. I know the definition of a fact. What you have stated is not a fact. It is your opinion. Trying to give your opinion weight by calling it a fact is disingenuous  




 That's not a fact. That is your opinion that it can. It is not FACT. 

Opinions can be supported by facts- but what you have said is not a FACT, it is an OPINION. A fact would be listing statistics (ex: The results of the statistics are...) - the opinion would be the interpretation from those statistics which is "Age disparity can create a power imbalance" The key word being "can" 

You can keep calling it a fact all you want but it is simply your opinion. Calling it a fact doesn't add any more weight to your sentence. I'm not saying I disagree with your opinion, I agree with it kind of, but it isn't a fact. An opinion is defined as indicating a belief, view, sentiment, conception, which is what you are doing. 


It's a common problem people do when they are taking to give more weight to their opinions they say "The fact of the matter is..." or "The fact of..."  They are trying to give more weight to their opinion by stating it as fact- it's not though. It's just an opinion. It's an expression in the English language and a bad habit as it misinforms people to believe the follow statement is fact rather than the opinion that it is. 

Now before you argue further, I have a degree in English. I taught literacy and I most certainly know the difference between fact   opinion- but what you have said is not a FACT. 

I'm not disagreeing with the content of what you said, it just bothers me when people say something is a fact when it's just their opinion. Kind of like how some people get bothered when someone misspells their, they're, and there.  




 ? /s 




 You've never met Tuba Gooding, Jr then. He's the Sousaphone player for The Roots 




 that's not a fact. that's an opinion.  




 he gave my keynote at college graduation.  




 What does wut mean?  




 I like the thief bit. You can tell he's being punched right at that moment when says thief 




 Which is ridiculous Andy Serkis was in motion capture suit and acted out the role with wood/astin so they had someone physically there 









 Because Gollum is considered voice acting.  




 damn cuccoos.  




 We call him snowball 




 It's a damn shame andy serkis couldnt be nominated for an oscar because he did fantastic as Gollum 




 No..lol It's Santa roasting a potato over a flame roasted fire so I can be unbanned from /r/AskReddit 




 im with you. I still can't walk in mulch because of the lava monster 




 instructions unclear. have grizzly bears everywhere.  




 Maybe.  




 Yes..congratulations!!!! 




 Okay. Sure. Lots of things CAN happen, but that isn't representative of ALL.  




 I don't think so. Some people have questions that are yes/no and close ended questions. Sometimes it's good to see people's explanations for their answers and maybe give the person asking the question some clarity. Of course someone will always be yes or no, but that's okay.  




 Yes. I have. I live here. That's why I posted it. I don't disagree with what you said.  




 Yeah I get it, he's a dudebro douche. But regardless it doesn't make him a pedophile  









 It sounds like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6oXW_YiV6g 




 I don't know who K Rodgers is. 

I said [K-Rogers](https://www.kroger.com/). Not sure why you added a d?  




 [Well it sounds like this probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cun-LZvOTdw) 




 [EXAMINE FLORIDAS ROMEO AND JULIET LAW](http://www.flsenate.gov/PublishedContent/Session/2012/InterimReports/2012-214cj.pdf)
 




 The guy was 21 and she was 17? What's the big deal? 




 Gas stations, grocery stores, candy stores, malls, amazon, ebay, chocolate stores on the internet,   Reese's website.  




 K...I'm alive...now pet me human  




 No. The word 'need' is no where in that sentence.  









 When I was 15 and worked as cashier if a customer says that was 2.98 and it rang up as like 4.98 or something I always just changed it for them. In fact, any time anybody ever asked or said they thought the price was lower I always lowered it for them. 

HAHAHAHAHAH TAKE THAT K-ROGERS 




 If she asks to meet up for kisses, that's a good sign.  




 [No...no...no..nooooooooo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV4zcuF2fe8) 




 Ugh WoW. I have such bad memories of wow. It reminds me of this time I was dating this girl, we'll call her wolverine since she liked to scratch my backs while fucking until my back was bleeding. I didn't mind, but it hurt when I showered. 

Anyway, her roommate, we'll call her Cynthia, was dating this guy named Steve who liked to play WoW a lot. No problem there, I played UO and Dark Age of Camelot, I like MMORPGS, we even all used to play Munchkin card game together- lots of fun. 

Anyway, The issues I have with WoW are that Steve, when we were all out getting to know each other bowling or some random double date, he says he has to go because there is an all important raid to do. 

This is why I dislike WoW. You're out in the real world with your girlfriend who wants to give you some pussy and you have to go on an emergency raid for some random item you might have a chance at getting. 

 




 cigarillo  




 Go smoke a cigarello thugz bunny 




 Caturday Furbruary 10th, 2016 (but might get pushed back, it's on CAtlantic Records...or maybe never see the light of day) 









 Haha...proof 

geometry jargon !! 




 probable 




 Saw this when I signed in... (Also, for you grammar nuts out there he didn't say irregardless ...yay!!) 









 I'm a Cat Coaster. I also feel vindicated. Winning the battles does help!! 




 thunder buddies 




 Wow. So Bush used his own party's racism as a tool to get votes?  




 or hips 




 that's crazy 




  And the dirty tricks...wow. In the 2000 race, when George Bush was running against McCain, Bush's people called up a bunch of voters in the south and told them that McCain had a black baby. It worked, support for McCain plummeted.

What? lol  




 pretty sure Bone Thugs were among the first rappers to sing/rap together in the early to mid 90s and become successful off of it.  




 Oh so they fake executions? And then they finally do it for real 




 I just like MMLP because he absolutely destroys ICP, almost the entire album. It's hilarious.  




 I liked No Love  




 interesting.  









 Why don't people who are about to have their heads sawed off fight back and put up a struggle? They're going to die anyway, why not try and cause some havoc? 




 these comments remind me of the everyone here is a bot except you fiasco  




 makes sense.  




 That's what I thought. I thought he was setting someone up for a run.  




 Well they got Axum right in Africa with Christianity.  




 Oh nice memory foam! I was going to say those cushions look terribly uncomfortable. That's a wonderful job you guys did on that. 

How wide is it? If he is 6.1'' and can lay down with legs stretched, it is about 6 feet wide?  




 How is that possible is there a bed? I didn't see a picture of the bed when it's complete can you upload one? Or have someone lay in it for scale?  




 interesting you would have figured seaosn 7-9 the newer season would have been first 









 I started watching some of my favorite Season 3 episodes and I noticed it's widescreen now, it fits my entire television screen, and the quality isn't as fuzzy. When did this happen? I thought they only had Season 1 as HD 




 It's pretty gross, I'll admit.I keep thinking that when your father was 24, she wasn't even an idea yet.  




 You think he's damaging them or making them look better?  




 Is he, by being so out there and insulting John McCain for being captured, being so out there and insane that when people look at the rest of the candidates they look awesome? Is that the tactic he is using here to help the GOP or something? It confuses me.  




 It's important to express your feelings in a healthy way to your father. Let him know how you feel about this and your concerns. It's okay to judge people, it's natural, but I would wait to meet her first. Does your father have a lot of money or something?  




 out of curiosity, can you sleep in there? Or is it too small?  









 it's not cheating...because ITS YOUR DOG ....GET IT!?!?!?!?! 




 Booooo Wendy Boooooo  




 Um ...no it's interspecies erotica  




 Boooooo 




 What? lol. I was being sarcastic. I was saying "Good job for looking for for all the misspellings out there [on reddit]. I upvoted you for it, buddy. It is hard work fixing everyone's grammar these days." 

Most people can spot whether a word should be plural or singular. I was making fun of you for pointing it out. I do not need to go to school for grammar, I teach it. I'm also not a stickler about it in unprofessional settings when I know what the person meant.  




 I feel like whenever someone goes against the grain they get upvoted.  




 sounds like a mild coincidence  




 Holy Crap that's my Pepe! I originally posted it to /b/ 




 Looking out for all the misspellings out there. I upvoted you buddy. It's hard work.  




  Just because random white guy A wears anything with a confederate battle flag doesn't mean he's a racist or ignorant bigot

Yeah it does. Well, I don't know anything about the media...I don'thave cable but I've always not liked the Confederate Flag, I respect people's right to have one, but if I see someone with one I pretty much assume they are racist. Kind of like seeing a guy with a Nazi tattoo on him. I pretty much think he's a racist asshole.  




 Yeah I'm just not gonna play till they fix it.  




 Had this problem with last splatfest. 6 out of my first 10 matches my team had someone disconnect or the other team did. I had this problem with splatfest on the 5th of July as well. Not sure what's wrong with Splatoon but I don't think I can play splatfest anymore, sorry team rollercoaster!! 

It's just too frustrating.  




 Yeah I just won 25-0 for roller coaster so i wouldnt say water is maiming  




 427,238 




 No i wont.  




 Well you can't play the extra bonus levels if you use it i dont think ? or there's something you can't get if you use it.  




 What's the regular leaf in the game called then?  




 Ahh..didn't know it was called that. Is it a cheat if the game provides it? I don't think it's bad. I never used because if you use it you can't get certain bonus things to open up.  




 Was unaware it was called Tanooki suit. Why is it called that name? I never used it. But I did die enough for one a few times haha.  




 427,236 




  I don't get it.  




 are used for. 

Some statistics are sure...not all, but what you're doing is making a racist generalization based on statistics. I use statistics in my job as a school counselor and not for generalizations...not in any way.  




 I'm watching Season 3 in HD right now though on Netflix.  




 It's more a stereotype and you're making a generalization based on statistics. Most importantly, we don't even know if that is his dad lol.  




 One of my earliest memories of playing video games was playing Tecmo Bowl and soon after Super Tecmo Bowl. In Super, it was the only game i could have the Browns win the Super Bowl, which I know will never happen in real life because of God. 

Anyway, I used to play my brother in Tecmo Bowl ALL THE TIME. Every day after school, Tecmo Bowl. Homework done? Tecmo Bowl. Can't sleep? Tecmo Bowl. I also had a black and blue arm for about a year of my life playing this game because every time I scored points my brother would punch me as hard as he could for every point I scored to deter me from winning the game or scoring points. He was five years older than me. I was conditioned into thinking I'd be punched for scoring points. So much so that when I grew older and tried to play Madden online I'd flinch if I scored a field goal or touchdown against someone. 

At this time, this is when I realized that people suck and there is no hope. So I played RPG's instead. Where I could solve puzzles instead of scoring touchdowns. This is my story of Tecmo Bowl. And fuck you Joseph.  

**TL;DR   Brother punched me for scoring points. Fuck you Joseph.**  




 Yeah that's what the new Wii U Mario World 3D game is like. If you die enough in a row you can get the super leaf. It doesn't make you invincible and you can still die, BUT, it does help you out immensely so you can beat the level. 

Still Super Mario World 3D is probably one of the better Mario Games.  




 There's a book of them if you google this passage you'll see results for a google book with stories like this.  




 There are a few versions of this story I've read. The other version I remember has a note pinned on the dog which says, "You are the owner." Meaning the owner has Alzheimer's and someone has been helping take care of the dog for him, but it always returns to him every day.  




 blocked 




 A good example of machinima would be South Park's Make Love, Not Warcraft where part of the story was done using Warcraft. 

I would love to be able to use this with Ocarina of Time or other games like MegaMan in my counseling and large group teaching lessons. 

Using story invention as a way to help students retain information is wonderful I think. A lot of people knock on those who spend too much time with video games but it can be a great way to teach students.  









 Uhh...no 




 what's happening 




 I am bi 




 Yes 




 No. Anal sex doesn't feel good to some- those on the receiving end of it.  




 For some people, it doesn't feel good or they just don't like it.  




 I [already have](https://www.reddit.com/r/Delightfullychubby/comments/3bm78w/brian_12_years_old_24_pounds_of_awesome/) a few weeks ago :) 




  I was ways tell women that.

....what? 




 ....why didn't he stop fucking with them then? Obviously, this case is a bit ridiculous for going to court, but fuck...when someone tells you to leave them alone i don't understand why people don't just drop it.  




 Oh okay. It's just I remember my elementary science teacher told me once when a kid asked what Pluto was like she said, "Ice mountains and ice everywhere"  




 my cat loves me. fat lovable fur thing. he's too fat to run away. he has to cuddle me when i want. HAHAHAHAHA ^^^^^HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 




 They said, "Who would have supposed that there were ice mountains?" project scientist Hal Weaver said. "It's just blowing my mind."

I don't understand this. I thought we've known for a while that Pluto was icy because of its far distance from the Sun, so wouldn't it be normal to assume there were ice mountains on Pluto? I mean, I'm assuming lots of people thought this. Was he joking or being sarcastic?  




 Well, why would you have to get Plan B if you were gardening the Butt? 

My pharmacy Plan B is only 50$ :)  




 [because no one has posted it yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3JkCCQ2EFY) 




 What have I got in my pocket?  




 Yeah. But one of the co-founders when he first started the site, /u/spez, banned racist/homophobic stuff. So, one of the founders is again CEO of Reddit, and he's pretty much telling you this is how it's going to be, tough shit. There's nothing wrong with that- it's his site, he made it he can do with it what he wants.  




 Song of Storms sounds like Game of Thrones  









 I originally commented that you should have left Reddit. I would like to apologize and say that Reddit users got the best of me. I like what you did with Reddit.  




 But you didn't sit this one out. You just stood up and put yourself in.... 




 they got a penny from you.  




 /u/spez banned racist/homophobic shit when they first started reddit...im not sure how this is different 




 The co-founder can do whatever he wants. 




 I saw it. Mine doesn't.  




 sometimes i go to shadow, get hover boots, then go to spirit.  




