 [Trying to show off my very minimal chinfuzz](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-HKQmWHwJum0/UhKDe3dt1BI/AAAAAAAAwto/TCRwnIA9mz4/w737-h553-no/IMG_20130819_214321.jpg) 




 Daang. Was that Ellie? Ellie is scary and she only had me go on break once. She couldn't find me after that. 

I got a bonus today - Ben said that if I turned up to help takedown today, he'd throw me out 




 Security got to scarper early, I was tucked up in bed by... 2:30am 




 [](/dashdance) By any chance were you the fellow I (tried) to help on Saturday morning because everyone else had pulled a mad late shift at Central? 




 I like you, you think on your feet. 

I wish I could have gone, I had a ticket and everything, but I was with two attendees who didn't have tix.. and my heels were shot 




 The FAB afterparty was ticketed and it was sold out!. Still, there's a lot of fun to be had in manchester, and we were super fabulous this weekend with Manchester Pride being this weekend too!

[](/fabulous) 




 Yeah, Nat Geo turned up with some guys. They were pretty cool about everything and ha a laugh with some of the attendees. :D[](/ajhappy) 




 No FUN allowed!

I heard the stories of you guys in the Auditorium.

Still, glad you had fun! (Fun! Fun! Fun! Fun! Fun! Fun! Fun! Fun!) 




 So guys, if you're not passed out already, and somehow reading this, I want to say from me personally, you guys were amazing.

I was working security this year (I was the guy with the fauxhawk you may have seen looking dangerously determined at times) 

Thank you guys for keeping the spaghetti contained. Especially with the documentary crew there too. You were awesome fun to watch do your crazy thing, and I wouldn't miss attending it or working it for the world.

Now, I'm sleeping. Good night!

(P.S. If you're at the FAB Party, have a cider for me, will you?) 




 Probably. It's there all the time!

I even say it far too much when I'm talking to people too.  




 Age doesn't really matter. :3 

Do you have skype or any other kind of IM? Even if I am a bit older, can't hurt to chat every now and again, right? P: 




 Still stole my mug though. It will never be right ever again 




 I even brought that mug in from home. I will skin them alive. 




 I won't post this in the sub itself because it's more of a personal discovery than an Asexual thing, but if you're interested, I did a bit of a longer post just now where I think I found out why I'm a bit.. confused

http://gettingmadatnothing.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/im-not-okay.html 




 Definitely, I usually have my freakouts in summer, the heat really gets to me and small annoyances build up quickly and I get broody and mean.

Luckily, I go to a lot of metal gigs so I just run in moshpits and get a lot of my stress out that way, but summer's always quiet.

But yeah, I have a hell of a temper, but it takes a lot to get me in full hate steamroller mode. 




 I was always certain I was just terrible at being Heterosexual, but for the last year I've identified as a kind of romantic Asexual, now I'm just not sure of anything, but I might be Biromantic or Demisexual or something

It's driving me fucking mental 




 I think I'll manage. I've got some understanding friends around me. It was just late last night and I had to get it out of me - rant blog was perfect for it.

Thanks though. :) I appreciate the offer. 




 I probably don't come across it in the post, but I had a little bit of a freakout last night. 

Up until last year, I was pretty set on everything I was.. Then It's just been turned around a little bit, then the last few days have happened and I'm not entirely sure of myself anymore - at all. 

It's been a bit of a crazy month, compared to my usual day-in-day-out monotony of the last 6 years, everything crazy just happened in the space of a week. 









 /r/asexuality

/r/writing

/r/UnitedKingdom

/r/britishproblems 

/r/worldbuilding 

/r/furry 

Those are the ones I visit most often 




 add me on Skype if you wanna chat. : I'm zeiferrei on there, and I'm in the UK - Manchester to be specific  




 I'm in the UK and I'm Asexual. Drop me a Orangered and I'll drop you my skype :D

I'm in Manchester, looking for anyone really, local or worldwide. Just feel like talking and getting to know people a bit more. :3 

I'm a writer, video gamer and bloody workaholic when I get into it.

[I'm on FA too](http://www.furaffinity.net/user/taernfastgrade/) 

Quick edit: I guess I should add that I'm Biromantic Asexual. 




 To be fair, I barely skimmed it and I nearly left it out altogether. :P 




 I know there's a few of us. 3 Keep looking! :D 




 That'd get you a few reward points. Might even be able to get a new game!  




 I just found out where all the files I had stored (In my case, it's in a dropbox) and I just copied and pasted around to where I need it.

I've personally got it set up so if I modify and save at home, I can access it at work without changing anything.  




 The best me is a me sat in a dark-ish room, maybe with a lamp and a coffee and some paper and some pens.. Maybe a computer to write.

I'm a writer and I'm nocturnal, work best in the dark. I think about the future - I'm a Sci-fi writer and I'm a very speculative person. I get excited about technology and space and the future of society as a whole. 




 I keep trying but I keep getting tattooed so they won't let me. :(

I'm on the organ donor register though so I'm good on that front. 




 As I said in the rant, I don't want to impose anything on anyone. It just so happens the majority of the Fur Fandom sure does like their fetishes, and I'm not going to rise with the super-minority of the fandom to get them to stop posting their art. 

But that was an interesting read, didn't know they existed as I only joined the furry fandom in ~2008/9 and "Full time" as of a few months ago. 




 No worries, could always use the criticism.  I do get a bit soapboxy at times, probably unconsciously. I did try to rein it in a few times but it appeared to get anyway anyhow. 




 As I said in the title it was a bit of a rant, and yeah, I'm a bit of an idealist - always have been. It just felt good to vent, pretty much why I set up that blog. 

That being said, I didn't say that this sort of stuff should stop completely, I said at one point that if that's what you like in your media or like to talk about, feel free to like it, just don't talk to me about it when I've already said to leave me alone about it (and I don't watch much TV or listen/watch much media aimed at me for that sole reason) 




 I saw a tweet a little while back, and it made me think. I wrote this in about an hour, maybe an hour and a half about my experience being Asexual as a young white male.

Also, just generally jabbing at pop culture in general. 









 I use [Zim wiki](http://zim-wiki.org/), which I have access to via Dropbox.

I've got it installed at home and at work, with the files stored in dropbox.

You can also set up a local host webserver with it and access it remotely (view only) if you know how to port forward and know your IP address and all that. 




 Deadly 60 was on before the Dr who announcement. I thought it was quite interesting myself. Might catch it next time it's on.

Host was like an extremely excitable Steve Irwin lookalike 




 I'm not too sure what's worse. The Chav or the LAD.

I think I'm leaning toward the LAD. Can't tell if they are or not until they open their mouths. And by then, it's too late. 




 I love wasting their time. I like to think I'm biding time for the next person on their list if they're going out.

I just go with it then just as they ask for the login details I say

"Hey, you're asking the system administrator here that you think I've a virus on this system? The only way you could know that is if you either implemented that virus, have a listener in my system or you're just guessing. I'm guessing the latter. Piss off." 




 Ah. Fair enough.

Not a big 4chan lurker, I just go and lurk /x/ and /adv/ every now and again. 




 It's got a pinkish background, so it's on one of the nsfw boards. /x/ is blue 




 I got caught out in it.

and I didn't even run for shelter, I just stood there, arms wide open, embracing the rain. 

I missed you, friend. 









     wow    such fish
         amazing 
                        colours wow
    wet
          cold 




 Totally freaking forgot about it, and I've no money left.

Last year was mental. There was a Dalek just roaming around the place. 




 He is a Kangaroo. 




 Aaand, 9 hours later, I emerge from yet another Archive Binge. 




 Total bullshit. Foxes are so scared of people they won't even go into houses unless tempted by food.

I mean, yesterday I was out walking the dog and there was a fox running for a rabbit which had just crossed my path. A fox came running up not far behind it, saw me, and turned tail and legged it.

I wanted to see the fox. :( 




 Pretty much everywhere these days.

PSN: train_subject8542

Steam: Zeifer

Latest obsession is Sonic All Star Racing.  




 the guys in my area (Woo Manchester!) made the Ingress logo using links and fields

https://plus.google.com/111159937155311616739/posts/GugmW3Rqdgf 




 I had some severe dental pain on Saturday, and I'd already had 1 too many painkillers.

the official medial advice from 111 was to wait until the morning for the emergency dentist. I didn't sleep that night.

Always wondered if I turned up at A E if I'd be turned away or just left to squirm in the corner if I was willing to tear my jaws off to stop the pain 




 I've got too many 'sonas, but I don't think Taern looks like me, I mean hell, I'm 6'2", his race is on average around 9 feet.

I think I designed all my characters and races to look every way different than I do. 

 




 We're a "special" lot.  




 Lynx' are so awesome. I am in no way biased whatsoever. Nope. 




 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/17/asexuality-the-x-in-a-sexual-world_n_3444417.html?1371476630 utm_hp_ref=fb src=sp comm_ref=false

Here we go, back at my computer now.  That's got most of it covered. 




 I can't really explain sexual attraction as I've never experienced it.  But I imagine it as "oh, I'd like sex with that person" whereas I'm quite happy to just cuddle on the sofa at most. There's a cool article on HuffPost but I can't link as I'm on my phone ATM 




 Hah, I suppose we aren't. :P

Ace is just the nickname for Asexual. We're not sexually attracted to anyone, but we can be romantically attracted. In my case (Grey-ace) I can be romantically attracted to anyone but only after I get to know them really well. Otherwise it's the same as the sexual spectrum. Hetero, Homo, Pan, Bi, etc. 




 As RandomPotato said, Sexuality can be fluid. Some people find they'll go from Straight to Gay over time, and sometimes even back.

I've been Grey-Ace for all my life, but for all I know in a few years I could be Gay, or Straight, or still be Ace. 

Sexuality isn't a defining feature for humans. Those who care what you do behind closed doors need a new hobby.  




 Immediately - Sort myself out. House, family members houses, etc.

Short term - go a bit mental. Go to all the festivals, travel the world, see things, do things.

Long term - Be very Philanthropic. Startups looking for funding? Here you go - no biggie if it doesn't go anywhere. Invest in stuff. Start up my own silly little gaming cafe thing, just because I can. Giveaways every day. 

Dunno, in short. Just attach a a little tap to my bank account which will inevitably spring a leak and I won't give a crap to fix it. 




 I was there. Fucking amazing show. Rammstein blew them out of the water through sheer absurdity though. 




 Hello there fellow UK Fur! I'm in Manchester and I'm a Lynx.

I'm thinking of heading to Confuzzled next year, I'm too broke to head there this year. 




 Not in the slightest. 




 Nope. I'm me. I hide nothing when it comes to the internet. If I didn't want anyone to know about it, I wouldn't post or talk about it to anyone at all. that includes anonymity.  




 Have you seen Bolton/Manchester?

The Enlightened can't get a swing in without getting beaten back into the ground a day later. :( 




 Sounds fun, I'm guessing it's in the US, Can you pay for my flights?! :D 




 Nope! I'm sorry. :( 




 Drunk! 




 Kid! 




 [Kid, I had this awesome set of like 5 guns and we played in this field behind my house. I fell down a ditch and lended shin first on a fallen concrete post.](/spoiler) 




 Depends where you are, I'd imagine.

Look for decent coverage in the area you play a lot in.

I run with a Nexus 4 myself, on the Giffgaff network in the UK and it does pretty well. 




 Matt Berry plays the perfect sex pest.

"Oh baby, I like it when you touch me there!"

"That's your shoulder, and are you not at all worried about the giant demon coming towards us?"

"Hey, I like it when you touch me anywa-- WOAH what's that thing?!" 




 Yeah, twitching out on my end too. My scanner was showing a portal I'd captured a day or two earlier only having 1 level 1 resonator on it. Even though I'd upgraded to 4 4's and 4 3's.

Friend's scanner was showing that. Force stopped the app, restarted and everything - still nothing. Hope all is fixed by tomorrow. 




 There's more of us than I thought!

I wub you too. 3 




 Could always have a wander at Castlefield. Heck, just stop with a butty and sit on the grass near the walls. 




 Pre-toast a little bit, not too much. Maybe a minute on low heat

Put the cheddar on thick as you can get without getting too silly

Put under the grill until cooked to personal taste. Pull out, drip on some Worcestershire sauce. 

that's what I have, anyway. 




 As some of the posters have already said - there's no need to label yourself or just jump right into the deep end. 

I made my first 'sona almost a decade ago now, but it's only within the last few months I've decided "I'm a furry"

I don't let the label dictate me, nor the fandom. I'm also a brony, writer, doodler, and Asexual.

All of those have all sorts of different stereotypes, yes, they make me what I am today, but don't let one label get you down if you feel you _have_ to use that label. 




 I'm Asexual. I'm narrowing down my romantic scope still, though! 




 TiA is just /cringe but poking fun at people on tumblr for anything and everything anyone posts. 




 I like to think that it could be more than 1%, just people who might be ace just don't know what it is. I was convinced I was heterosexual with a low libido and a lack of shits to give until I heard about Asexuality. 




 Nope! Both Connie and Sasha missed on the plan, but Annie and Mikasa (I think) saved their asses at the last minute.  




 You're going to ruin everyone's festivals! 




 Huh! that's an interesting option - I'll give that one a go. 




 I've got an idea for a huge arcing story, but some small stories based in the universe might be good to get some ideas flowing and set in stone. 




 I'm studying a Dual Course - both A+ and Network+

It's not going too bad, I'm taking the first exam for the A+ next month, then I'll do the second after that.. Should be done then for A+. 




 I'm currently focusing on one project at the moment, but I fear if I start focusing on this one, I might lose some details of the rest of it. Guess that's what I have evernote for too. 




 I've got a full universe (lots of galaxies and FTL travel and everything) with races and planets and space stations and multiple stories all planned out... in my head.

It's hard to get it all out onto a mind map or onto paper. ._. 




 23, a few years out of an apprenticeship that went nowhere. Worked my way up from Line IT lackey to IT Trainer - now on 15k p/a.

Never went to Uni and dropped out of college when I was 1 year in. Studying CompTIA and Game Design on my own time and money. 




 I guess because there was no active damage going on, the Titan's body had a chance to regenerate. Whereas ErenTitan had other Titans hanging off him and chewing, so he didn't exactly break combat. 




 Wow. Holy Crap. [I mean I knew Eren was the Titan](#spoiler)  But the way the episode was laid out, the pacing, the action and the tension, oh god the tension.

[I nearly cried for Sasha, I've grown rather fond of her and I hate to lose the "comic" characters](#spoiler) 




 Yup, cycled to work. Nearly fell off the bike going uphill.

Wasn't too bad on the way back though. 




 Depends, mine are currently only shared with who I have on Latitude, so only 4-5 people actually see them 




 My avatars everywhere are my Fursona. Even on facebook where I connect with family and IRL friends. Had 1 like off my ex-gf, who was a fur herself.

No-one's given me hassle since, I guess I'm just mad enough so no-one really cares. My previous photos were me drumming, and me crosseyed at a party. 




 Those ears. My heart can't even 




 I'm known for my "I'll enjoy anything" attitude to films and games.

I nearly walked out of the cinema. 




 Cereal in fridge, milk in cupboard. Mornings elude me and I always forget what I did. Consider me surprised when I get home for tea, open the fridge.. 

"Oh. Muesli. 

What are you-- I did it again didn't I?" 




 Crikey. I'm at work right now, though I'm getting out soon. Right now it's very much a WIP and I'm still developing the world/universe/politics yet. But I'll keep yous in mind! 




 I did a little while back - I can go dig up the links if you like

I've nothing too serious going on, just a few stories I have in my head and want to get out. 




 Yup. "The Waldo Moment"  




 If you swim in the Sea at Blackpool or Southport, expect whatever body parts went into the water to not come out again.  




 When I get out of my car, I take the phone out of the cradle, climb out the car, then put it in my pocket. Seems about right to me.. 




 My Border Collie is called Benny.

He will come when called by anything. Heck, even if you make a noise. He's right there.

Choice names:

- Grump
- Butt
- Oi
- Ben-ben
- Dog
- Stink-butt 




 Some of that looks pretty Steampunk to me! 




 I'm Hetero/Demi-romantic and I masturbate. Purely for Stress relief, mostly. Might get the occasional urge like.. once a month. 




 I also accidentally a word. I feex. 




 I'm train_subject8542, and I cut my 3 feet of hair off to completely bald in a mental breakdown

[](/applederp) 




                            as long as is shibe should be okay
            wow                                 where draw line
                         so open                                 offensive
 




 I think it was.. Lemme go find it.

(**NSFW!**): http://i.imgur.com/cLKeo.jpg 




 Have you not seen that 4chan thread where a guy successfully pinches a skull and, at the behest of /b/, puts his dick in it?

 




      wow
                                          so compression
                 artifacts
      can't read               
                                     amazing 




 `wow`                         

            so text
                         amazing

`such fun` 




 Huh. Farnworth was there back then too.

Damn, it really can't have been much. We're a land of takeaways and.. well, more takeaways. 




