 How about hunching over a desk on the beach with the margarita next to the laptop?  














 The fact that film is so expensive also limits craft, since it becomes more of a corporate investment with dozens of fingers in the pot instead of unimpeded artistic visions most of the time 




 But user is correct there is no fx budget restraint to prose, you can include anything 




 One of the great novels, but I think Nabokov's Pale Fire is even better.  




 agreed, isn't this pretty par for the course?  




 It's a pretty darn hard gig, but obviously not futile since those careers still exist. Still, what do you mean by "career"? If you mean get millions, pretty futile. If you mean make some side income and maybe work in a related field (journalism? teaching?) it's not futile at all if you have talent.  




 gotcha 




 okay! Didn't mean it to be overtly political, since it was an neutral LA Times article. But no worries if you think it doesn't fit.  














 were these genres created by literary pretense, or just by suits with marketing concerns?  

























































































 Or at least I thought, from an author named Alexander Chee: http://the-toast.net/2015/07/14/an-interview-with-alexander-chee/view-all/

 Can you share some of your views on the current state of publishing, and also how Amazon might be changing the game?

Well, we know publishing profits have improved while writer pay has declined. So that is terrible. Im greatly encouraged by some recent developments in publishing in terms of what is getting published and reviewed.

What worries me most is that we are still in a weird place where, 20 years in, were being told we still dont know how the Internet affects book sales or readership, and so writers cant be paid as much for writing written online  even as every major media outlet is now online and increasingly abandons print editions. Yet so far, you still get paid more for print even though it is often read less  and you get paid less for digital, and yet everyone reads that. That has to change. Because its a scam.

Its time to admit the Internet is here.

I was going through old files and found pay stubs from digital writing I did in 1999 that are roughly what is still getting paid for something that you also have to fact check yourself and in some cases copyedit  but that is also given a title you dont choose. And because of content grabs in contracts, it may not even belong to you.

And so I dont have any comment about Amazon except to say that over time I am less and less interested on any seasonal focus on Amazons most recent moves, whatever they are  like many American companies they are a mix of good and bad, what I agree and disagree with  and Im more and more interested in the larger context for this, the Internet and America, income inequality and the destruction of the creative class. Were in this horrible world where everyone wants everything for free now or almost free because to pay for it reminds them of how little they are paid and that reminds them of their powerlessness in the face of that. Or at least how powerless they feel. And theres so much blocked anger there.

Historically, despots kill the artists, writers, journalists and professors when they seize power, as what they teach is critical thinking, and what comes with that is the ability to resist tyrannies of various kinds. What America is doing, purposefully or not, is historically distinct: delegitimizing the work of that class, and acting as if an education is the tyranny, all while insisting writers and professors make work on starvation wages, while also paying exorbitant fees for everything from healthcare to housing to taxes even on what grants remain. In order for an artist to have any respect they have to have amazing sales  or be dead after a life of poverty. So Id prefer a bigger conversation about all of that instead.

All of which is to say, Amazon isnt changing publishing  everyone involved in publishing is, from the writers to the editors to the readers. If we want to improve publishing we have to talk about the whole thing related to how writers are valued and compensated, and what we want our literature to contain.


 









 Agents are so crazy opaque in general. Like such little info on their websites, and many have no social media presence. I guess it's because they get hounded by writers otherwise?  




 fantastic book, invented a whole genre  














 No, and publishers do give different terms to different authors, especially big name ones who have leverage. 

But industries tend to settle around rates I think, whether we are talking publishers, record labels, TV syndication, Netflix, whatever. Can be hard to shake that stuff up.  




 there are some yeah, but none with the marketshare. Basically the same reason that the big publishers don't offer better terms, the competition is out there but just not big enough 




 I agree that the fact that other newspapers didn't remove for bulk sales is the interesting fact here. Don't really care what Amazon says, sounds like their spokesperson was just asked if Amazon itself has seen unusual bulk sales, not that they are commenting on the book's sales as a whole.  




 yeah uh.... Amazon has it's own sales ranking of what people buy through amazon, that doesn't tell him what bulk orders have been made direct form the publisher, from Barnes and Noble, or from book stores 




 Also, big name authors get SOOO many blurb requests that when they do decide to blurb something it's normally because they truly really liked it. Sure there is some neapotisim involved sometimes (student asking former teacher, publisher asking big name author to do debut author) but even in those cases there are so many former students and so many names being passed along that a big name author is making a choice to blurb.  




 Have I bought a book solely on the blurb? No. 

But if I liked other parts about the book AND it had blurbs form authors I'd trust, that would make me more likely to buy. 

It's less about trusting the authors to be honest than it is about getting a sense of what kind of book it is. For example, is it a "speculative fiction" book in the vein of George Saunders, Jeff VanderMeer, and Kelly Link? Or is it more like a George RR Martin/Joe Abercrombie kind of thing? 

Blurbs give you an idea.  




 Distributors take a big cut, but the biggest cut in the middlemen chain are the retailers (bookstores, Amazon, Barnes and Noble) who take like a 50% cut.  




 This sounds good to me. They also should demand 90% from self-publishing platforms. There is no way that Amazon should be getting 30-70% of the cut without providing any editing/art/marketing and having essentially no cost of production.  









  Why doesn't the NYT simply publish Amazon's sales rankings? 

In addition to the fact that Amazon's rankings are manipulated too: 

1) While Amazon has a big influence on the market, they aren't even close to 100% of the market, and their sales are skewed (as any single entity would be) by their user base. 

2) There is no way to really "objectively" rank print and digital sales. Is a 25 dollar hardcover sale, a 15 dollar paperback sale, and a $1 dollar ebook sale all the same thing?  




 Yes, Amazon's rankings are easily manipulated too.  




 The right wing has LONG used bulk sales to try and manipulate the NYT best seller list. I think it's perfectly fine for the NYT to not count books that didn't really sell to actual humans, but were just bought in bulk by church groups, SuperPacs, and right wing orgs. I don't know if that happened with Cruz or not, but Amazon wouldn't be in any special position to judge that. 

What on earth are the more "objective" sales rankings?  





























  I would think it should be the big five, who in one year have amazingly all just happened to sign similar agreements with Amazon changing how ebooks are sold. 

Come on now, this is pretty standard. Netflix signs similar deals with the big film companies, Apple signs similar deals with record labels, etc. Basically, the producers can't really negotiate better rates unless they have some irregular leverage so they all sign similar deals.  



















 Authors can and do make real changes to proofs. In fact, there was a mini scandal just last month where someone tweeted a portion of Jon Ronson's proof mocking it and it was a sentence that he had deleted for the final copy.  




 Well it's illegal and unethical to sell uncorrected proofs, so whoever did is a jerk. 

Most ARCs only change a little bit, but it's not unheard of to have some serious edits especially in non-fiction.  



























































 I can't tell if this is good or bad. Amazon is flooded with paid-for reviews or reviews by friends and family, but why block reviews if someone just follows an author on Twitter? Don't book lovers tweet at lots of authors they love? Doesn't mean they know them.  









 Mainly it's just weird to block people for social media interactions. Book fans who use twitter probably follow TONS of authors they don't know. 

But I get trying to block family members leaving cheap 5 star reviews 



















 Word, but I'd stress again you can achieve the same thing publishing book reviews, or essays, or something else if short fiction isn't your thing 














 Man vs. god is another, although I guess since all modern religions treat god as basically absent it's a version of "man vs. self." A crisis of faith is an inner crisis.  




 man vs. man and man vs. society can be seen as different. A conflict between individuals vs. a conflict between protagonist and their human surroundings/society/culture  




 These reductive things are always pretty silly, as everyone else here is saying. 

I enjoy this one better though: 

All stories are either a man goes on a journey, or a stranger comes to town (and that both are different POVs of the same story.) That is to say, most stories have a routine that is interrupted... either by the protagonist going somewhere or doing something new, or by an outsider character shaking up the routine.  




 Yes, that can work. I mean it certainly happens, but it might be best for your career to focus on building some kind of recognition whether though publishing short fiction, blogging, editing a lit mag, or something else. 

Another option might be submitting to first book contests that small presses host.  














 check this list, it's the best place to start (for "literary" work at least) http://cliffordgarstang.com/?p=4777 




 Hmm, well I dunno. I know people who basically were unpublished who got agents but most of them either 

A) Came through a big MFA program (or genre problem like Clarion) 

B) Published in another genre (ie, published essays or journalism but wrote fiction on the side)

or 

C) Had some kind of platform to build off of. Big social media presence or the like. 

The problem I think is that there are SO many wannabe writers and SO many people sending work to agents that agents simply can't read it all. They have to filter through it some way. So having connections, or publications, or a platform all give the agent a reason to read the manuscript. Doesn't mean they'll like it, but you will at least get read. 

ETA: Now this might seem unfair, but think about it: even if you self-publish, you are going to probably have a much harder time unless you have some reason (publications, platform, etc.) for people to buy your work over the bazillion others out there.  




 Have you read the new book? Seems premature to say he couldn't possible turn into this without even reading it 




 In high school? I could see The Road and Oscar Wao. I think those are good calls on your part. 

Infinite Jest is too long and dense, but it will probably be taught in college courses for a long time. 

Maybe Harry Potter will be middle school reading? Although the series is so long probably not.  



























































 I'm really glad both LONG HIDDEN and MONSTROUS AFFECTIONS made the list for anthologies. I thought both were great 



















 The benefits are, well, if you don't have an agent--which can take a long time to find--you can get picked up.

The downside is that your agent will almost always get you more money or a better deal, and you are more likely to be picked up if you have an agent. Agents can also hassle publishers to respond in a timely manner in a way that authors can't.  






















































 I agree, though, that the dialogue could be more interesting than just "fuck!" Jesus!" It's possible to have characters say interesting things to reveal themselves in a fight 




 Here is one link: http://lovecraftzine.com/2014/08/04/did-the-writer-of-true-detective-plagiarize-thomas-ligotti-and-others/ 




 Yeah I don't think it means the first season was bad. Also, weren't there a lot of rumors that the writer basically plagiarized several horror authors in season 1? Maybe that's why it was better 









 Sorry, I meant to reply to the user you were replying to! 




 I can't even believe how lazy the writing is this season. It's like the guy wrote the entire 8 scripts in one coke-fueled night and never edited.  




 Did you read the review? The reviewer says basically the same thing: that RPO had lots of problems but was still fun, but then says this book isn't fun at all and has even more problems.  




  I felt like Luke Skywalker surveying a hangar full of A-, Y- and X-Wing Fighters just before the Battle of Yavin. Or Captain Apollo, climbing into the cockpit of his Viper on the Galacticas flight deck. Ender Wiggin arriving at Battle School. Or Alex Rogan, clutching his Star League uniform, staring wide-eyed at a hangar full of Gunstars.

Wow this is insufferable writing. Makes me glad I never read Ready Player One if this is how he writes. Why do so many "nerd" types think that simply referencing things counts as being clever?  









 Loved HAINTS STAY! 

Would recommend THE SISTERS BROTHERS by Patrick DeWitt and GHOST TOWN by Robert Coover, if you want more 







































 Social media isn't pointless per say, some people do really well with it. But just having a page without working to grow it IS pointless. But, as someone else said, if you are getting paid by the press might as well make one quickly. 

Actually, maybe it isn't even pointless since people googling you will have a page to land on at least.  

























































































 It's hard to explain how influential this book was. It was fresh at the time, now is been ripped off so much it feels less original 














 Agree with everyone here that no one will really care and also... would it really be that hard to do a search and replace and change his hair to a different color? Is red hair really that central to the plot, if you do indeed feel it overlaps with the name of the wind too much?  




  Also, having things online doesn't stop them being published. Of course, you'll have to take them down. But no one would forgo a piece of writing because it was on the internet. I've seen a lot of people have that concern, and a lot of people have replied, stating their fears are unfounded. Don't worry :)

Strong disagree with this. Every editor I know would turn down a piece that was already published for the public online (unless it was a reprint anthology or something.) Yes, you can get away with this since most editors won't google you, but if you do get caught the editor will reject the story and if they think you are acting shady won't ever work with you again.  



















 As someone who works in the industry, I really think you are overrating how likely looks are to matter. I wouldn't say it doesn't matter at all, but I really don't think it's much of a factor. Sure, you can google anyone, but plenty of editors probably don't even know what an author looks like when they sign them. 

Youth, OTOH, probably factors in. Editors want to grab the hot (as in buzzed about) young authors on the rise and will pick up those books over works by middle age authors with middling sales.  














 Dunno, I doubt it gets to that very often. For one thing, most readers have no idea at all what the authors they read look like... outside of the big famous ones like Rowling or King. I don't think looks sell books in 2015 when authors don't go on talk shows or appear on camera much at all, unless they are super famous 





























 Yeah, it's certainly something that MFA programs can provide for authors... if your teachers like your work at least.  




 I think it's kind of shitty BUT I can tell you it isn't uncommon. As long as you are sure they are a legit agent, and they will give you a quick read (say within a month) it seems okay. 

Don't let them sit on it forever though 
























 Hey, every year The Millions literary sites posts a huge list of all the awesome books coming out for the second half of the year. Here's the one for this fall: http://www.themillions.com/2015/07/most-anticipated-the-great-second-half-2015-book-preview.html

I know it's a list, but I think it's comprehensive enough to warrant discussion here. What books are you guys excited for that are on this? Or that are missing? 

I'm really excited for 

* UNDERDOMOMAJORMINOR by Patrick DeWitt. His THE SISTERS BROTHERS was one of my favorite books of last decade. 

* THE STORY OF MY TEETH by Valeria Luisilli. She's a really great young Mexican-American writer and Coffee House has been publishing amazing work recently. 

* Clarice Lispector's complete stories. She was amazing. 

Lot of other good stuff coming out too. Good year for books! 









 It's better to focus on what is the best ending for the book you are writing than what would "gain the largest audience."  




 That's half the battle, but plenty of connected and rich authors flop too 




 Marketing budget, good reviews (ie good book), buzz 




 Sure, but these are picks from non-Americans. Not sure writers in Japan or Brazil read Uncle Tom's Cabin. Might not be known outside of USA 




 Not sure why this is being downvoted. I agree, really fun book! 




 I thought this list was interesting and worth discussing in advance of the Fourth of July: http://lithub.com/quintessential-american-fiction-according-to-the-rest-of-the-world/

A survey of writers around the world about what they think of as "American" literature. 

 Individual titles named: 96    Books by women: 19    Most popular decade: The 2000s    Least popular decade: The 1940s    Oldest book: The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, Benjamin Franklin (1791)    Newest book: Tenth of December, George Saunders (2013)    Most cited writers: William Faulkner (8), Herman Melville (5), F. Scott Fitzgerald (4), J.D. Salinger (4), Mark Twain (4)

What do you feel was unfairly left out?  




 Well, I will say that I agree that the future--for better or worse--will probably involve writers selling ancillary stuff. Dinners with them, workshops, scented candles? Who knows. But music has survived on merch for a long time, and writers might have to do the same thing soon.  




 But I don't think that stuff solves this at all, because it would only work for mega famous authors and those are the ones who can still survive today. 

Would you pay to sit and brainstorm with a debut novelist you've never heard of? Would you pay to get dinner with a career midlister? And if so, would you actually pay enough money to make that worthwhile for them?  




 Most artists on labels are in debt and ost artists who are relying on Spotify and self-publishing are in debt or making no money. 

I'm interested in the best way for artists to make money. I don't care if the corporate labels or corporate tech companies go under. All leeches in my book!

But yes, the big labels have been particularly bad (compared to say the big publishers, which are pretty good for writers)  




  Very few artist on any label except for those "the big stars" come close to being rich, it's a complete myth.

I... didnt' say most artists on labels are rich and certainly don't think that! I said that most rich musicians are on labels. That's a different thing! 



















 Yeah, with music "free" music can get you concert tickets and merch sales. That doesn't happen with books. People don't pay for live readings and don't seem interested in buying merch from authors.  









 Or maybe US laws just need to be enforced me. It sounds nice to just say vague comments about "new models" and blah blah, but honestly the raid on Megadownload might be one of the biggest things that caused a decrease in piracy in recent history.  




 I absolutely think that the cultural conversation is important and can (and has!) shifted public opinion. 

Yes, people still want free work and piracy is still rampant, but more people I know have started to buy more work and realize that artists should be paid in the last few years thanks both to the things you mention and to culture norms shifting.  




 That's a huge question to get into but a few quick points: 

- The artists on labels are still the rich ones today. You can say "labels demand outrageous cuts!" but basically the only people making a living off of music are on labels, and certainly the only big stars are ones on labels. 

- Look, I hate how exploitative the major record labels were and probably still are. So I'm not defending them. But it is dishonest to compare the profit share numbers without comparing the up front costs. By which I mean, record labels pay for studio time, pay for marketing, maybe evne pay for touring expenses. The "unsigned" artist has to recoup their recording and other costs before they actual make any money.  




 The benefits of "free" marketing seem to be highly overrated the more I read about it. For example, do you ever look in the /r/selfpublish forum? I do and writers there constantly bemoan the fact that they can give away a book for free and get thousands or tens of thousands of downloads, but then those translate into like 2 sales. 

In the age of everything being free, well, everything is free, so you are drowning in a sea of free content. Being free doesn't make you stand out. Your work can be downloaded by a million people who don't ever actual listen/read/watch it... much less go buy a ticket to a show or a copy of a physical book. 
 




 I don't care at all what rich corporations make money! I only care if artists make money. The fact that Spotify CEO or Apple stock holders makes bank instead of some big record company CEO is not a "step in the right direction" if the actual musicians aren't making more. 
 




 I don't really get what you are arguing. No one in 2015 thinks technology should be stopped or whatever. No one thinks ebooks and digital music should die. The legal means of getting ebooks and digital music are just as much "technology" as thepiratebay.com and utorrent. Piracy doesn't have some monopoly on new technology.  




  With almost no cost to produce or distribute content, the need for media elites as tastemakers is diminishing.

 Traditionally we had media elites that acted as tastemakers. When media is scarce we need elites to know which media to consume.

Man I think you have this completely wrong. 

The problem with society has never been "elites" being tastemakers. It is really bizarre how this right wing hatred of "liberal ivory tower gatekeepers!" has been picked up by supposedly libertarian or liberal people. 

 The problem has been corporate money controlling the media landscape. Controlling what is played on radio, controlling what books get placed prominently in stores, controlling what movies get wide releases, and so on. The "tastemakers" have mostly had pretty fine tastes, but their tastes are normally overruled by the overwhelming power of corporate money and the control of distrobution. 

Has that changed? Not really! 

Yes, theoretically we can all be stars on youtube or Kindle Unlimited, but in reality the rich people with corporate money backing them still completely dominate the media landscape: Marvel films, Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian, Jurassic World, etc. 

Those people make bank while middle class artists are disappearing. We are left with a world where you are either making nothing but praying and hoping you'll go viral, or else you are a huge star with corporate backing who can leverage your work for payouts (like getting your song in a car commercial)

By eliminating all money that sustains smaller culture pools, the big corporate culture control is maybe greater than ever today. 

 Book has pictures of books that other redditors are currently reading and there are posts on the tv subreddit asking others what they should watch. Instead of looking to some elite tastemaker we are looking to ourselves. This is not just reddit, but all social media. 

Social media is utterly dominated by the same handful of topics. in art, that means it is the same handful of films, TV shows, or books that can be talked about at one time. 

When the currency is "likes" "reblogs" and "shares," the only way to get it is to talk about what everyone else is talking about. You mention subreddits like /r/books, but what actually makes the top page? The same authors over and over: Neil Gaiman, JK Rowling, Stephen King, and a handful of others. Yes, anyone CAN be talked about, but only a few bi name people are talked about enough to get upvotes and get to the top of the page. 

Same with twitter or anything else.  




 Yeah, that line is really hard to swallow in a world ruled by Kim Khardashian, reality TV, flavorless action blockbusters, and McDonald's burgers.  




 Is Spotify a "move in the right direction" or just another way for rich corporations to make bank while artists make nothing? Spotify's CEO is rich as hell, but the actual artists get paid almost nothing: http://s3.amazonaws.com/infobeautiful2/selling_out_550.png 




 I think that's part of it, but mostly I think it's any what is easy to steal. I know plenty of people who pirate music and video games and what not, yet spend time of disposable income on coffee shops, restaurants, bars, high priced electronics, etc. Piracy is by no means limited to people in poverty 




