 So far we have barren desert and lush jungle. It would be amazing to have a windswept mountainous snow map. I don't know how many maps there are supposed to be in the final game, but at least one more doesn't seem unrealistic, and that'd give us the widest variety of terrains for missions. 




 I'm pretty sure it's just gonna be that little mini metal gear thing we've seen  




 What two colours did you use?  




 This is like the twentieth time this has been posted this week  




 They also kill Blofield which would be such a waste  




 Mountains of Madness obviously  




 I thought the first hour of that movie was brilliant but then it went downhill real fast  




 Rescue Dawn or American Psycho 




 Still pretty funny 




 Shsuke Kaneko directed GMK: Giant Monsters All Out Attack, which is my all time favorite Godzilla film tied with the first. And he also directed the absolutely incredible Gamera trilogy. 

I think this guy balances campy B-movie fun and legitimately awesome action in a really fantastic way, and I've never seen any director make dudes in rubber suits look as cool and epic as he can.
 









 Would have been funnier if you could still faintly hear Eminem's muffled rapping through the phone 




 Mark Millar is so terrible  




 They may  




 I put in Horror, Sci-Fi, and Thriller as genre, anything between 1980 and 2014, and with a rating of 6 and up. 

It gave me Slumdog Millionaire and some movie called Udaan, and just kept alternating between those two no matter what.

So great 




 I love having fun in my movies and i love cheesy Godzilla movies but Final Wars had like 3 good action scenes separated by long stretches of very boring, very not fun stuff. Unfortunately about two third of Godzilla movies are like that, including the 2014 American one.

GMK Giant Monsters All Out Attack is my favorite Godzilla movie. 




 My PS3 and regular Sony bluray player are still a better media centres than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 My PS3 and regular Sony bluray player are still a better media centres than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 You mean The Raid 2. Redemption was the first one  




 Those are more revenge movies than vigilantism. Vigilantism movies tend to be positive towards the violence portrayed by the protagonists, whereas revenge movies tend to be more anti-violence. They are very very similar tropes and there is a lot of overlap

*GOOD* revenge movies tend to show that revenge is ultimately futile. Violence ends in heartbreak and destruction and corruption, the the protagonist is usually worse off in the end. A good revenge movie shows how letting emotions and rage and violence control you is the ultimate evil. Much like the movies you listed.

Bad revenge movies (and most vigilantism movies) are about how cool and fun it is to kill everyone you want and how it solves all your problems and the protagonist wins in the end. Like in Boondock Saints. 




 I'm pretty sure Mission Impossible 6 has been shooting in both Austria and Morocco earlier this year.  




 Took me a while to realize this was in the style of the original octopus logo 




 I'm new to the whole figures and statues thing, so I don't know anything about who makes the best/most affordable/which series/collection is best. Is there a specific website or company I should buy from if I want a nice consistent set 




 Now that the Blista Compact everyone loves is back, how does everyone feel it compares to the Futo? I think the Futo looks a lot cooler, but the Blista was always one of my favorites in previous GTAs. Which one do you think is better in terms of speed or handling or even customization? 




 I remember it being incredibly popular at the time  




 I picked up the hitchhiker who told me to invest in Tinkle, so I put all my characters money into Tinkle stick on BAWSAQ, but the stocks never rose. Do they go up immediately after I drop him off or should I sleep for a couple hours or days or what? 

Im connected to the Internet, and I believe that's required for BAWSAQ, plus I have multiple saves so I can just reload and pick him up again.  




 He looks a lot whiter. When playing Just Cause 1 and 2 I felt like I was pretty obviously playing as fake Antonio Banderas, and I loved his black stylized Desperado inspired uniform. This looks a little more like generic white video game tough guy. But it is just concept art and it's hard to tell without seeing him in game and hearing him talk.  




 This sums up pretty well why I'm not super keen on Jurassic World. The first movie took a crazy idea, and made it seem realistic and grounded and possible, which made the dinosaurs all the more amazing. Jurassic World just looks like a ridiculous cartoon fantasy world. 




 Oh man... That looks ridiculous  




 The CGI gate was one thing, but the unescorted children in a glass hamster ball inside a dinosaur enclosure mere feet away from an animal that could easily crush them was especially silly and ridiculous.  




 I just finished the campaign, but 3 of the story progress trophies did not unlock. The Bureau Raid, the Submarine heist, and the big final score. I have never used any cheats and as far as I know I didn't skip anything or miss anything. I went back and replayed the missions, but still no trophy.
 Has this happened to anyone else? 




 I just finished the campaign, but about 3 of the story progress trophies did not unlock. I have never used any cheats and as far as I know I didn't skip anything or miss anything. Has this happened to anyone else? 




 If James Gunn didn't cast him then he is an IDIOT AND A SAVAGE  




 Chopper 




 Just some good natured ribbing  




 Does it automatically use your Social Club account, or does it make you log in to do it? Basically, if someone gives me permission, can I use someone else's Social Club account for the transfer so I can import their character to my save? 




 Probably would have been a lot more high pitched screeching  




 Wait until it's out 




 What's a man gotta do to get some damn chicken in Los Santos

Also I miss shooting up the hospitals in GTA 4 




 That sounds awesome. It'd be cool if the title is revealed to be Icebreaker some time soon 




 The part where he followed a woman home and then impersonated her boyfriend so he could have sex with her was pretty fucked up 




 I remember Robert Rodriguez saying Antonio Banderas did the same thing during Desperado  




 There's an article on Gameinformer conforming this to be in the game.  




 I just hope it means that there'll still be enemies and compounds and stuff to destroy once you own all the bases  




 Speed. For a fast paced non stop action thrill ride literally called SPEED the opening titles are a really long tedious pan up a boring elevator shaft with ugly blue WordArt. 




 Alex Hutchinson has said that it's the best one yet, but there haven't been any official announcements or trailers 




  Character Transfer
 You will need a Rockstar Games Social Club account linked to the console accounts used when previously playing GTA Online.
 When entering GTA Online, you will be given the option to transfer your previous GTA Online character and progression data. Once you have chosen to transfer your previous character and progression data, the transferable in-game money, RP and Rank of all previous characters will be displayed. These are the characters that will be transferred to the PlayStation4 or Xbox One. Once the transfer has completed, you will be prompted to choose a character and enter GTA Online.
 You will still be able to play your existing characters on PlayStation3 and/or Xbox 360, however any progress made with versions of the characters on those systems after a transfer will remain on those systems only. Any existing PlayStation4 or Xbox One GTA Online character and progression data will be replaced by the previous character and progression data during the transfer, except for any existing in-game money, which will be combined with your transferred balance.
 All earned in-game money will transfer. Purchased in-game money that has not yet been spent will only transfer within a console family (e.g. PlayStation3 to PlayStation4).

So next gen and last gen characters will now be separate across both platforms. So would someone on last gen who does not wish to purchase the new version of the game be able to essentially 'give' a next gen player their GTA Online account? The last gen version will remain, so as long as that person isn't planning on upgrading, they won't lose anything and can keep playing, and then a next gen player would be able to start with a GTA Online character that's already leveled up and wouldn't have to worry about grinding to unlock stuff.

Basically, if a friend A has the game on last gen and doesn't want to buy the new version, and friend B buys the next gen version but doesn't want to have to start from nothing, would friend B be able to use friend A's Rockstar account once to log in and get their character, or is it locked to the Rockstar account you already have 




 Handling and physics still need some serious tweaking.

The UI is really overbearing and messy

The rubber banding is very frustrating

Too many long loading screens and cutscenes and other screens and pop ups to click through stopping me from getting back into the game. 


I really think this game is super cool and has amazing ideas and has the potential to be an incredibly fun and massive experience. Ivory Tower has certainly worked really hard to make such an ambitious game come together and I so badly want it to work. But I just don't think it's quite there yet.  




 You can only do free roam stuff with a friend, side missions, outposts and fortresses, activities, anything in the open world map. The campaign missions are single player only. I don't think there's split screen at all. 




 It's certainly a really really cool game conceptually, and I really love pretty much all the ideas and features, but the execution isn't quite there yet and it still feels like it needs some serious fine tuning 




 Ray Wise was in Xmen: First Class? I might need to watch that movie again 




 Don't forget Tony Jaa at 51 seconds in 




 Is this game really 1080p at 60fps or is that just what this was recorded at 




 This movie looks great but this trailer is absolutely terrible 




 That certainly sounds wacky  




 I was happy to see a video that wasn't just a clip of a children's cartoon or some loud rap music being played over something random 




 COMINAYYEEAAAHHAAAAA 




 Bright green, bright yellow or bright orange. Otherwise it just ain't right.  




 What a great spoof and a goof 




 I don't remember that quote at all!
That's alone from Boogie Nights 




 Both are produced by Legendary Pictures  




 Especially because all these trailers have showed pretty much no story and actually very little content  




 Alex Hutchinson specifically said it would [not be back](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312)
 




 This is incredibly poorly choreographed and shot. I have no idea what OP is talking about. This is literally the exact opposite of everything that made the Heat shoot out great. 

This is just like every shitty derivative action movie shootout that came out in the early 2000s. Terrible music, nonsense choreography, amateur editing. Trying way too hard to be cool poorly crafted mindless killing in the style of a cheesy music video. 




 Alex Hutchinson specifically said there would be [no weapon degradation](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312)
 




 You guys should go on Elimidate  




 The correct title is the Age of Cage 




 Hopefully some Audi and Toyota and Subaru  




 But if you could say...  




 David Fincher maybe? Crazy obsessive perfectionist who makes a wide variety of dark heavy risky mature films that are artistically daring and complex, absolutely meticulously beautiful, and all seem to achieve fairly wide mainstream critical and financial success without ever feeling dumbed down for the summer superhero market.

That's just my opinion anyway.  




 Awesome, thanks!  




 Question for those of you who have played the betas, are there radio stations in this game? Are there multiple kinds with different genres of music like Forza Horizon? Or is it just a general game soundtrack like Need for Speed?  




 I've always liked Rosamund Pike, but I never knew she was capable of a performance as incredible as this 




 I'm not trying to be a troll or a hater or anything so sorry if this seems harsh, I'm just a disillusioned Sony/driving game fan.

Servers still aren't working so I can't really comment on the social club aspects, but after playing it all day I'm incredibly disappointed. Firstly, the graphics are amazing, so that's a plus. I also think the driving physics are fine. But it's so depressingly bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.

Now, I wasn't expecting a big Forza Horizon style game at all, and I'm certainly not a Forza or Xbox fanboy just trying to bash the game. I knew this was a simple, small game with a clear direction. I was very excited for this game and was really hoping it'd be fun. Unfortunately after about five minutes of playing there's absolutely nothing new or fun to see.

The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection at all, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, only three game modes, only one of which is worth playing, no customization, no tuning, no worthwhile options or replayability to be found. You can't even go slightly off the road without a big timer threatening to reset you for some reason, the game slows down your car as a penalty if you so much as slightly cut a corner or hit the AI too many times, and the AI is pretty oblivious and sketchy so this happens a lot. The game just feels so small and restrictive and aggressively mediocre and boring. Just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with nothing at all going for it aside from having nice visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus even the social stuff I don't yet have access to isn't exactly super exciting either.

Obviously going into this game I knew it wasn't going to have tonnes of depth or any customization or anything. I wasn't expecting a massive game and I don't want to put bodykits or anything on my car, but you can't even play around with ABS or traction control or even change the color of the stock car. The game is constantly restricting you and denying you and penalizing you. It's hard to believe a big budget retail game released in 2014, after a year long delay, could be this empty and pointless.

I know there's some updates coming after launch (after a whole goddamn year long delay) but I can't imagine I'd still be playing this game by then.

The game is very very pretty, and I do actually think the driving physics are okay, it could have and should have been good, but it's so incredibly boring and shallow and empty and lifeless. Even if the full version was free I don't know if I'd keep playing it. This game just brings absolutely nothing new or interesting or fun to the table. There are a million driving games on the market already and this game seems like a huge step down compared to pretty much all of them. 




 I'm not s die hard Xbox fanboy at all and I think the game sucks. I was really hoping it'd be great and I was really looking forward to it but it's so boring and bland and lifeless and devoid of any fun features or replayability at all  




 Graphics are amazing. But it seems super bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.

The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, not a lot of game modes, no real customization, no real interesting options or replayability, just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with not a whole lot going for it aside from having fantastic visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus the social stuff isn't exactly super exciting.

Still seems like it might be fun for a little while though so I'll definitely be playing the free version. Sure is pretty at least. 




 Yeah but DDL is praised because he gives incredible performances. Unlike Shia. 




 I have never seen him give an especially good performance. He was kind of okay in Lawless but still couldn't make me sympathize with his character at all.  




 Yeah and for show would still be at least once per weekday in a heavily populated theme park 




 Yeah but surely it's not legal or cost-efficient to feed giant sharks to dinosaurs every day 




 I'm super excited for this movie but this description sounded really crazy and dumb. 

For a movie about dinosaurs on the loose in modern day, Jurassic Park was all fairly grounded and realistic. The park and the way it operated and the science behind it made it feel real. This just sounds like really over the top crazy fantastical sci fi nonsense that is way too far removed from reality for me to care about. 

Muzzled raptors, kids in gyrospheres in an enclosure with giant theropods, feeding great white sharks to dinosaurs, genetically engineered super-dinosaur monsters. I really hope it doesn't end up being as ridiculous and unbelievable as it sounds. 




 I seem to remember he was actually going to play Micky Wolfman 




 I really hope so. The cars that are in the game are all very nice, but it's such a small line up with very very little variety.  




 In terms of sexual themes it was definitely more disturbing to me personally.  Fight Club and Se7en had more violence and just dark themes throughout the whole film though. Although I haven't seen Girl With the Dragon Tattoo so I don't know how it compares to that.  




 There's like two fairly quick but slightly graphic-ish sex scenes, and then one reeeeeal messed up graphic horrible thing  




 This is the only scene in the entire movie I didn't like. After how fucked up everything got everyone seemed way too okay with it. 




 Definitely sounds like raptors attacking a woman on a tennis court. Sounds pretty darn graphic and dark for a Jurassic Park movie. Do we have any idea where this audio is coming from? If it's from a reliable source who was on location then that's interesting, and it's pretty common for sound effects to be played on set for people to react to since they'd be using CGI, but realistically anyone could make these sounds at home pretty easily.  




 Alex Hutchinson said [no](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 There is no weapon degradation  




 You won't regret it. Their premium videos became the highlight of my week  




 I am! One of my all time favorite giantbomb features!  




 That really doesn't look like Clooney  




 This makes me feel a lot better as a short man child 




 Which episode?  




 I've yet to start the Batman Incorporated storyline, although I have read all of Morrison's work leading up to it. I am planning to purchase the Pre-New 52 Batman Incorporated paperback, and then both Volume 1 and 2 of the New 52 Batman Incorporated. 

I'm kinda confused by the fact that the new 52 paperbacks are titled Volume 1: Demon Star and Volume 2: Gotham's Most Wanted. When I look up the storyline on Wiki it says pre-52 was Volume 1, and New 52 is Volume 2. I just want to make sure I'm buying the right books and reading them in the right order without missing anything or making any redundant purchases. So is pre-52 part 1, and then New 52 is part 2, but then part 2 is split into Volumes 1 and 2?

I'm so confused. Is there a paperback that collected Demon Star and Gotham's Most Wanted into one book?  




 Some of the ideas seem potentially interesting. Playing as a Triad enforcer and doing all sorta of open world crime side quests looks interesting, but not as a whole game.

Online only and no story is the exact opposite of what I wanted from a sequel. I have lost pretty much all interest at this point. 




 The fight scenes in The Raid are incredible and brutal and amazing and superbly well choreographed but they are not realistic at all 




 Okay. Wow. I feel like I should read some Spawn. Where should I start? 




 What I especially love and find super impressive about the long takes in the cutscenes that they also transition seamlessly into gameplay. So not only are the cutscenes one long take, when they switch seamlessly to gameplay it's like there aren't even any cutscenes or edits of any kind at all! Makes it feel like one big long single epic scene. It's amazing! 




 He's always talking about his twins  




 Christ he is trying SO hard  




 I didn't like either VHS movie but I looooved this particular little story. Plus it's from the director of The Raid films 




 Well that looks insanely cool. I don't like any of the Killzone games at all but I'll check out a Viking vs robo-dinosaurs game any day 




 His head is gigantic  




 I really like this one. It's basically a remake of the film Man Bits Dog, which I really enjoyed. Ryan Kwanten does surprisingly well and is really funny and likable, yet still believably insane.  




 Oh wow that's awesome! I've never seen that before. This game has so much cool hidden stuff 




 Alien under ice? 




  Players must have previously completed the Prologue in Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation3 or Xbox 360 while connected to the PlayStationNetwork or Xbox Live respectively.
 A Rockstar Games Social Club account and a current PlayStationNetwork and/or Xbox Live account will be required to unlock this content on PlayStation4, Xbox One or PC.

Oh boy, I hope this doesn't screw over all of us who played it on Xbox 360 but have now moved to PS4
 




 I'm sure it won'y be too far off once the next gen versions are out 




