 You cleary are uneducated on this subject. How can you stand against something you dont understand. What do you think AA is? 




 Mine too, great list 




 True but your point has been made, why linger. I dont think rounders is perfect but its a great vastly underrated movie imo 




 Great list, love to see the love for Reservoir dogs 




 Great list. First TWBB ive seen, that one is like a 5b for me 




 I hear ya, anyone with Almost Famous that high has to pluck a 6 string. It was my favorite movie for years 




 I can buy that 




 Great list 1st time ive seen jaws 




 Still pretty crazy though. Id always assume we saw the whole moon, but when i found out about the Dark side of the moon i was floored 




 Yea seems Aliens is prefered, im with you though i like the 1st one better. I just thought Aliens was like a bust or w/e i didnt know it was so well liked 




 Fair enough 




 I really like this list 




 Yea im surprised. No hate going on either, yet. Your list sucks, how can you like this movie etc. Pleasantly surprised 




 Yea, bad attempt at humor. Still havent seen but ive heard great things 




 Whats the deal with aliens, is the sequel that much better or is it a typo? 




 Mullholland Dr #1?? 




 I will give this movie a shot in the near future 




 I could see that 




 Im surprised Goodfellas just mentioned. Like your list we have similar tatse 




 To add to this take Deep breaths, people who get nervous tend to breath fast they dont get enough oxygen and it throws them off 




 Hes got different tatse than you so what....Fuck Off 




 You gotta play guitar, right? 




 Just out of curiosity, 2nd time ive seen Aliens, is the sequel that much better, i honestly cant remember it 




 I love Pans Labyrinth and its gotta be top 25 for me easily. 




 Im down with that, maybe a lil fresh green onion too





If you want to be super cheap just a lil siracha does wonders 




 Love your tatse. Ive seen Se7en about 30 times 




 Well i didnt get a chance to see Avatar on the big screen, ill never forgive myself. So watch it before 2 comes out so you can watch it on the big screen. I got a feeling its gonna be an epic cant miss movie event 




 If you add to Ramen noodles they are the bomb. I add a lil teriyaki sauce and Siracha, Off the chain 




 Groovy list i have to say 




 This is 2nd time ive seen Clue, is it really that good? 




 Still havent seen Close Encounters, ill have to check it out 




 Damn Big Fish, i havent seen or thought about that movie in years. That is a great movie, i will have to rewatch soon 




 From what i understand his finger tore loose from his body due to his ring. It was a serious surgery that is relatively in its early stages. It was more of a precaution, the measures after the sugery. From what i understand anyway 




 Let me know your favorite top 5, in order. Im not worried about most awards highest grossing(if you are in to that and base your rankings off that, thats cool too) but your favorite films. I will offer mine feel free to comment.





1.Goodfellas




2.Apacolypse Now




3.Reservoir Dogs





4The departed





5.Avatar






EDIT. Thanks for all the responses ive enjoyed looking though them, keep em coming. It looks like PULP FICTION is the most mentioned!!! 




 Wow, i found the one person who likes this movie more than me. I love this movie, not in my top 5 but top 25. Its rewatch ability has to be top 5 for me though. I cant tell you how many times ive watched it. Worm is one of my fav characters ever.  




 We only see half of the moon ever 




 Pay it Forward. I thought the concept was very thought provoking and for sure could be a way to make a difference 




 Also has to do with fire and sterile water cooked meals etc.





Plus birth comes into play. Our own race almost died out due to the rapidly growing human head and its effect on the birth canal 




 Ive had women ask for this during, its for sure a turn on for some 




 Yea it should be amazing. I missed Avatar on the big screen and i havent seen a single 3D movie, im holding out for Avatar 2.





Im thinking the next one is going to be a civil war between the Omaticaya with the return of the sky people at the end 




 It has more to do with than just race, educate yourself on what you critize 




 Read the books their great 




 /r/iaddnothingtothetopic and /r/iknownothing are great for you, youll fit right in 




 It involves gender as well 




 Lol. Yep my mistake, still want to see TGWTDT finished though 




 Have you read Pet semetary yet? 




 What about this didnt you get from watching the movie? 




 Avatar is far into production, suppose to be 3-4 with a release every x mas starting next year till their done.




I would like the girl with the dragon tattoo to be finished 




 Jfk 




 Semi Pro. Hilarious but awful 




 Yea thats true, i did watch 2 last.... 




 This is true though 




 Goodfellas 




 Ill take 2 everytime 




 But if you have seen the movie why do you care about a trailer? 




 Why though? 




 Who cares about a trailer? 




 AA is not only about race 




 You are retarded, you understand that the FBI wasnt involved right away as you suggest? Nor does that mean the FBI falsified anything in this case? Your article pertains to less than 100 cases, are you saying the FBI only dealt with 329 cases of DNA since forensics came around overturning less than 100? Furthermore your article mentions nothing about SHOES, its alot easier to identify a shoe print to a specific shoe than hair or bite marks to a specific person. Even your childish mind can see that difference. To claim a shoe print is the same catergory as hair or bite marks shows your ignorance. One can look at the PIC today and run a simple test to prove what kind of shoe it is. 





Your only evidence is a pin LOL, compared to the evidence against OJ, you really are an idiot, what about the witnesses, unexpained cuts on his hand, his bronco gone from the premise at the time of the murder, you are aware OJ has an alibi shortly before and after the murders but not during while a limo driver was beating down his door so he wasnt at home, the BRONCO chase scene and suicide note, unexplained cuts on his hand and his confession in book form, this is without mentioning DNA or motive???? you holding onto a pin LOL




I know this case much better than you. There is much more proof than a shoe print, including a ton of it not dealing with forensics but again their not RODGERs size as you conveinantly havent addressed. Plus you just make shit up like OJ not owning a pair of the shoes, knowledge doesnt come from making shit up and bad info from a bias documentary lol.  




 Freedom Anthony Hamilton




"Im looking for Freedom. Freedom!!!! To find it will cost me everything i have." 




 Smokin cigs 




 There is neither happiness nor misery in this world, just the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief will best be able to experience surpreme happiness. 




 No. Its been around in one form another ever since we evolved from apes. There are ways to box it but never rid of it completely 




 Lebron 




 The Matrix 




 ?? Thats how i spelled it





Any input on the scene?? 




 A)Of course there is proof. He admits this in the civil case





B)Your one article presented does not say shoe prints. Ir we assume thats what it meant, you are ignoring the rareity and condition of the shoe print




C)You do realize there is more evidence than DNA and prints





D)Why would he lie, obvious. Publicity, money, fame, boredom, insane.




E)The FBi may have introduced evidence in court its the Lapd who collected it. Specifically the gloves and blood samples. It was the LAPD who drew OJs blood days after the murder.




F)No i am testing the range of your conspiracy. But you have to see a connection here.





G)this is true policd have framed before. The evidence is so vast in this case that there was justification in stopping the investigation 





First, cmon with those childish comments "if you knew anything bout the case". No need for that, also you were wrong in that statement. We are having a decent debate but no room for that.




Also can you address the FBI admitting to falsing facts or some proof. 




 Who is dead??!!!! lol 




 Eastern promises. If you can get past the nudity, a knife fight between trained killers, no solid footing, no clear path to fight in, naked and blurred vision. Intense to say the least





Django Unchained. The scene where Calvin Candy finds out what their after at the dinner table, Wildly intense 




 A)have you seen the pic of the shoe print? Furthermore they identified it as a bruno magla shoe before they knew OJ even owned a pair!!!




B)if rogers didnt need money why he is comiiting a double murder? If he is a successful criminal why would he wear rare shoes to a murder scene? You still havent adressed it wasnt his shoe size




C)no im not FBI but the evidence as well as the whole trial is documented so.....




D)OJ lied at a voluntery questioning before he was a suspect, plus why lie about Your Own Shoe collection if you hired someone else to do it? And rodgers is incapable of lying right




E)So you think its more crediable a mass conspiracy between the LAPD and the FBI was commited to frame OJ? You do realize the amount of different departments and people that dont intermingle would have to work together on this right




F)did the FBI fake the many incidents of OJs physical abuse against Nicole? And the infamous 911 call?




G)so OJ was clever enough to hide any connection to Rodgers but not clever enough to have an alibi? Lol 




 Also if Rogers did it, how did the cops get Ojs blood? 




 Yea 99.9% of those cases didnt involve an extremely expensive shoe where there were only 500 pairs or less at the time. Even less when you consider the size. Furthermore OJ lied about owning a pair, not only does his lying have a significant impact but why would a poor desperate for money Rogers be wearing those shoes? Its not his size either from what i understand.




Also very rarely is the print found in such prestine condition, so your rebuttal very well said does not hold alot of weight considering




EDIT on top of that there is much more evidence if it was just the shoe print i understand some what where you are coming from but there is so much more 




 Again your an idiot as no one has given reason to why the hate on the jury. Why the quotes i havent said that at all oh yea because you are an idiot and but hurt i called you out on your BS about this case you know nothing about. 




 How so? The shoe print found at the crime scene was from an extremely rare shoe, even rarer when you consider the size, that was not rogers size but OJs. He denied owning the shoe at all, later aftert he criminal case a pic surfaced confirming he owned and wore these shoes. How again is it more plausible? 




 You are an idiot. Most people do blame the jury, its been documented. The jury doesnt always make the right decision nor should it be respected at every out come, 2nd im asking why the jury is seen as being wrong, widely considered btw.




No one has been clear on the hate towards the jury, i understand the jury made a decision. Why that answers the question, it doesnt, why do you think i need to hear that, i dont.




I have no interest in you as its clear you are ignorant to the case at hand 




 That story is simply retarded. Dont you think if you hired someone to kill your ex wife you would be sure to have an alibi?? 









 You dont sound aggresive but ignorant to the case the prosecution presented 




 Im not saying those with certain history should be punished nor did i say it was a justification for AA. Again your conclusions are not drawn well from the statements made.




How do you see AA as punishment??




Again i was only remarking on your idiotic statement.  




 Yes i agree, people are reaping the benefits now that have no true idea why, and are privelged by it. Is it doing more harm than good now a days, i could agree with that. I hope to see this removed or changed in the future to include those in the majority that are hindered in other ways other than color. I do feels it adds to the lingering feeling of most blacks that most whites are racist, hence why there is AA, some would say.





But it has helped in positively effecting change imo. It was a positive thing upon its being implemented. I believe it had a direct effect on the culture change since that of the 60s. I also feel blacks are still the minority as far as population and see AA as a way to level the job searching playing field.





I have the biggest issue with job programs for inmates. Those who can leave jail to work in the real world. It hinders the average "free" citizens job opportunities by a decent amount. Since most inmates are black its a privelege rarely touched on, and a spit in the face of equal opportunity imo. 




 Thats just laughable. Would lebron be competetive yes, dominate no. 




 No, i dont know how you drew that conclusion. Your statement that every white has no connection to slavery is ludricous.




I support AA as it is a way to level the playing field. Equal rights is an issue that has been solved just recently, and that mind set is still prevalant. So in order to change the culture and mindset this is reasonable imo 




 Its not though. I have no better idea than when i started why people blame the jurors not the prosecution. 




 To be fair AA goes beyond slavery, and has to do with equal rights that were fairly recently made into a level playing field.




I understand where you are coming from though. I simply support AA because its an attempt to level the mind set caused by this very long history of unfairness to blacks. Is it in turn unfair to whites? Yes. Anyone who says it isnt is wrong. Is it nessacary to implement changes in cultures and mind sets? This is debateable but imo yes it is.




You make great points on other immigrants discriminated on. Take the irish for another case. But most of these immigrants had equal rights not offered to the blacks. Thats the difference. 




 Not only that but not every white southerner supported or participated in slavery and not every white northerner opposed it. Its a fine line to state every white in America doesnt have links and a fine line to state every white does. 




 Fair enough, i agree.





But i will  add the shoes to me proves he almost certaintly did it. 
 




 Im well aware of the case my friend. Im looking for your view point





If you want to get into police framing, explain the shoes?? Evidence not presented at the criminal case 




 Freedom, django unchained 




 Some whites history and inheritance are linked to slavery even today, plus some still support the idea. So no not every white but the vast majority are not connected 




 Well its not hard to win a case the prosecution hands you. Doesnt answer to your view points though 




 The fact that the post lumps "white people" together is bias in itself. It also lumps wealth and race together, quite unfair.





I support AA but in some ways it punishes certain white people who had nothing to with slavery and are not racist 




 Bill russel? 




 Micheal Jordan. 6 finals 6 rings 6 mvp. Top ten in every catergory that matters 




 Most of these soilders were kids. When finally faced with the horror of war i presume a mass feeling of regret ensued 




 The count of Monte Cristo





Never listened to an audio book 




 7 grand b/c i dont trust the bank 




 Regret. 




 No small talk 




 Jobs is dead 




 Bernie madoff, no doubt. 




 I dont have a problem but im looking for personal opinion on OJ, im well aware of the verdict. And yes its simple fact that in the criminal case all the evidence was not presented.




Also to clarify i think the verdict was the right one based on the cases presented but i also think he is guilty. 




 Are you aware of the book he wrote? 




 Right, cause the jury never gets it wrong 




 Yes ive seen this a damn shame. There was also another witness that placed OJ by the dumpsters of the airport, night of the murders. Digging or hiding something in them, never presented. Plus the shoes the most damning evidence of all 




 I understand the difference well but my point is there is room for opinion. To disagree with a verdict is common place and this case especially has merit for such a discussion 




