 Wouldn't they have scratched making more Jon merchandises if he was going to leave? 




 Maybe gimr requested, and red bull provided? 




 Hbede p der var nogle som havde erfaringer her som kunne fortlle noget. 




 Tnkte at det var lettere at finde danskere som
Har flyttet til England her. 




 Det behver ikke at vre London som sdan. Faktisk har jeg det fint mes mindre byer hvis der er arbejde for mig der.

Er frdiuddannet ingenir s hber p en ok ln? Er ikke sikker om det vil give en ok tilvrelse. 




 Helt sikkert. Er bare ikke sikker p hvordan jobmarkedet er der? F.eks. For ingenirere. 




 Hele England, KBH, frdiguddannet kandidat indenfor en ingenirretning, skal bare have ca. 3 mellemstore kasser med, ingen kledyr eller kreste. 




 Et estimat med flybillet, lejlighed, alt andet som man ikke ummidelbart tnker p? 




 In Denmark the Saudi ambassador blocked an entire floor in a hospital so that his mother (who does not have a Danish citizenship nor has ever paid taxes here) could be there in peace for her cancer treatment. This meant that many Danish citizens could not receive their cancer treatment because the beds were "occupied". Remember this is Denmark which is supposed to have free healthcare for its citizens who pay between 38%-45% in taxes to get free healthcare. There was also stories about several of the nurses going down with stress and some who quit because the family treated them "like slaves".
The ambassador later claimed that it was okay because "he paid for all the treatment". That doesn't change the fact that doctors could not check up on other patients because the Saudi ambassador demanded his mom get first priority and again many patients were denied a place in the hospital because the beds were "full".

Even more fucked, most media here were completely silent about this. Why did most media not write about this? I wonder. Also it later was revealed the person who ran the hospital had been invited home to the ambassador for dinner.

And they say Scandinavia isn't a corrupt place. 




 Lmao, so now you've resorted to personal ridicule, eh? Believe in whatever you want, I've said my opinion. 




 No I wouldn't, because it would take the spot from somebody else who was legally entitled to it. 




 Thousands of people die in the US every year because they don't receive treatment that they could have otherwise received in Europe. The same would probably happen to me.

If every US citizen with a medical problem was allowed to travel overseas and get free treatment, the quality of healthcare in European countries would greatly decrease or just wouldn't be able to cope with all the patients and in the end it would result in native Europeans not receiving treatment because of the decreased quality or lack thereof.

The same goes for immigration. Countries can't handle the level of immigration currently without it decreasing various aspects of the welfare. This world is not some rainbow utopia where everybody can live happily ever after. When you get older, you will realize that things are not as simple as you think they are. 




 If I have problems receiving healthcare in the US, I shouldn't come crying to Europe and expect them to solve my problems. I should deal with my problems in my own country.

So yeah, I do believe in that. 




 Because I wasn't born there and I don't need to emigrate to the West. 




 Because it's not my problem. 




 Women in Europe didn't have the rights they have now back then. But with hard work that changed.

Running away from your country because it doesn't give women rights is never going to make that place any better. 




 So why not campaign against the Saudi flag? 




 The confederate flag happened before the 19's so I think that's old too then. Also if the confederate flag is only a symbol in the south then Americans in the north shouldn't have a say either. 




 So turn a blind eye on everybody else and be good pals with them, huh? 




 Not murders. 




 What is the government about? 









