 Thanks for the link. That's some extreme harassment. Seriously, poor guy.  




 What is this about? 




 Down in Fillmore for work. Such a beautiful day :) 




 You're right. So how do we start the revolution *now*? What do you suggest we do at this very moment?

We need stepping stones. Building communes is one way to show folks anarchism can work.  




 True. I'm sure their own countries have remote areas where they could settle.  




 Where my clarinetists at! There's at least twenty of us.  




 The future is online education. Some legitimate colleges (like Arizona State) are starting to offer full degrees online.  




 Disagree. You can always move to somewhere remote (Siberia, Northern Canada, etc) where, yes, you'll be technically under state rule, but you'd be so far removed from society that no one will care. 

I've long thought of setting up a commune in the Western US to do just that. Something akin to Slab City.  




 People actually live here 




 If you're good at telling bad jokes, add some.

 




 One time I stole a pen from a government office. 




 That quote is absolutely helpful, I'll definitely say something like that. Thanks! 




 Yes! Wound up with a net positive of one stapler and a basket of fruit. 




 MTurking, and reviewing my job offers (currently sitting on three, and possibly a fourth).

One of my offers requires me to work with Aussies. Not sure how I feel about that.

 




 If I can, I'll give you an example I just used myself a few hours ago. 

Me: So I've previously worked in [non-related industries]. 

Manager: Then why are you looking for a job with solar? 

Me: I'm looking to get new skills and learn new things, and I know solar is an up and coming industry. Plus my family back home is getting solar panels so that gave me the idea to apply. 

That was it, and the hiring manger was impressed.  :) 




 Something creative, different.  




 Generally that's a good sign. You usually need two pieces of government documentation to prove who you are, for security purposes.   




 Another thing is if you're applying for something outside your industry, just say you're trying to diversify your skill set.  




 Are you more or less applying to the same industry? If so, it shouldn't be hard to give a similar answer each time to certain questions. I mainly apply for sales/customer service jobs, so no matter who's asking, I have similar answers prepared.  




 So, I've been job hunting for a while and was at an interview today and completely screwed up. I was *not* prepared to negotiate salary, and when asked what I was expecting for pay I just said ten to fifteen, not realizing they meant salaried (when I was thinking hourly). 

I do have an offer from another company at 15/hr + commission. If the company I interviewed with today calls me back with an offer, can I counter with the 15 (assuming what they offer is less when I do the math)? Or am I screwed?  




 If you're American, there's plenty of land to do something like this in the western states (Utah, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho). And your be left alone, mostly.  




 See if you can donate to a local chapter. I work for the ARC (Services to Armed Forces), and our office could always use physical and monetary donations.   




 Non-profit and customer service/sales. Thanks for the suggestion! 




 Thanks! I'm definitely bad at keeping my shirt straight. I think you're right about a solid color.  

So far I've done a grocery store, sales (offered), a warehouse (offered), and I have a call center and a solar panel technician interview today.  




 Thanks! Pants definitely are a bit on the bigger side. I guess I haven't seen it as much of a problem, but it doesn't mean I can't try something more snug :) 




 Here's how I've been dressing for interviews this week (business causal).  Thoughts? Not sure if the colors work for me. 

http://imgur.com/VkvQRJ2

 




 I've had a total of 5 interview this week, and got an offer for a $15/hr sales job. I suspect I'll get offers from the other places too. It's nice to have choices.  




 Ran a mile. Nearly died.  




 Only share if they're really specifical 




 Are we invited? 




 Lots of silence, lots of pot lucks, and no crying children :)

And a LOT of theological diversity. Met a guy once who said he was a Lutheran-Quaker hybrid. Who knew that was a thing.  




 Deism! I wish that was an option.  




 It's pretty easy to spot cliches and tell folks which ones should be removed.  




 I have one, and I get double takes from people. Like, I'll ask for my credit "cahd" and people think I'm speaking Norwegian.  




 Why do you drive manual like some sort of commie? 




 Three favorite drummers, go 




 [Adding to the fire](http://okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface)  




 What;s your favorite cereal? 




 I'm sorry, what is that? 




 Military Mentor. I need more clients :c 




 Do you have a Bostonian accent? 




 What's it like living in oil country? 




 I've done VISTA, and now I'm with S/N.

Let me say I much prefer S/N, as I'm allowed to do direct service. Within my first week as an S/N, I was meeting clients, handling their cases, and feeling good about my job. VISTA (which dos not allow direct service) didn't give me that feeling. I'd have clients come into my organisation's office asking for help, and I couldn't give it. Felt bad.

That said, I feel like VISTA can give you better job experience after your term ends, as what you're doing will typically be more professional.  




 Some of us are just bored at work, man. 




  What was dating like for you in your teen years?

I was an independent white kid. 




 Probably Craigslist. I've seen a lot of stories of people getting their gear back by checking there. 




 The clients cases I have to deal with tomorrow. I'm near positive one of them is lying to me to get benefits he probably doesn't qualify for. 




 Close! You're thinking of the *Shakers*, who were an offshoot of Quakerism. They lived in Massachusetts and died off about three centuries ago, due to their abstinence.

Modern Quakers practice sex, although due to a lack of proselyting, Quakerism *is* dying off. Most Friends are older, so the faith will probably die out by the end of the century. 




 I have, sort of. I converted at 15 on my own, was active for about a year or two, then went inactive because I just wasn't serious about it. Went four years without religion until I found the Quakers. 

Now various life choices have placed my in Provo, so I've started attending services again. It's a hard transition, and I'm working on getting my testimony built back up. If I fail to believe again, I'll still attend services so I can learn and make friends. What's been nice is my bishop and a few others know I'm not LDS, yet they've all been very accepting.  




 The company that owns my apartment complex and a few others sent an email to everyone today saying various bikes and even a car have been stolen from some of their properties recently. If you keep your bike locked up in a garage, I'd recommend moving it your room (if you're allowed to).  

Be on the lookout! 




 "But isn't that freedom of speech?"

No, I won't give context. 




 Khakis, red polo, brown shoes for the first. Easy v 




 I'm going through Adecco now. So how was your overall experience with them? 




 Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 Try craigslist. Guaranteed success.  




 You didn't fill out the "Message Me If" section. I've come to think that's a pretty important part, so I wouldn't ignore it. 




 I had some flexibility with mine, but only by a few days, as I was driving cross county to get to my service project.  




 Did some selfies today at work. Which ones are good, which aren't?

http://imgur.com/a/zWaE4

 




 I feel you. I served as a VISTA in central Wyoming where there was absolutely nothing to do. I wound up leaving my program, as it just wasn't a good fit, and now I'm with the Red Cross under S/N in Utah.

Let me say that I had extreme anxiety for a few days after my VISTA term came to a close early. I was only able to really make it by moving in with an aunt in Salt Lake. So I recommend trying to find some contacts before you quit and move, people who would be willing to help you out in a pinch.

If you don't know anyone (and it doesn't seem like you would), find a job first. Being unemployed sucks. 




 Worked with veterans under VISTA, never took a drug test, nor was the need for one ever mentioned. 




 To find a job that pays me in dogecoin 




 That's neat! So it's a government run lottery, right? Never played so I wouldn't know :)

I'd pay my rent in advance and fix up my car! 




 What'd you spend it on?

If you won 500, what would you do with it? 




 Would you do your best friends job for a month? 




 This is a good point. I'm a government employee, and I have a strict set of rules I have to adhere to when working. For example, I can't do anything regarding unions, can't do any sort of of work related to politics, and so on, for the same reasons you said.  




 Good luck out there, stay positive.  




 Work! Visiting a veteran in his home tomorrow, and might be doing some work recording a couple vet stories. 




 I've used a picture which, if you reversed Googled it, would you lead you right to a news article about me, giving you my full name and some things I said to the press.

I wouldn't care if someone did that. I was a "public figure" briefly, so whatevs. 




 I'm fairly upset at myself. Went to a concert on Friday with a group of friends from church, knowing a girl I like would be going as well. We all went (there was maybe 8 of us) and stayed as a group *the entire time*. I could never manage to find a moment to pull the girl aside and ask her out. 
I was stressing out about it the entire time. 

There's another church activity tonight, so maybe I'll have better luck there (though I doubt it). Grrr.   




 A lot of animal rights activists fight for animals to be better treated, not totally free. So, for example, a lot of actives don't think cows and pigs should be kept in small cages and physically abused. Some will argue those animals should be totally free from ownership, but that's not the majority. They just want the animals to have a good life before being killed for food.  




 Only sometimes? 




 I remember watching the process. She liked me, I went to her profile and saw nothing was there. I refreshed for a second and saw her building her profile. Watched her do the whole thing while she went from green to red in no time.  




 Bad spelling and grammar should not be a good indicator.  




 Going out with a friend, watching the rain. It'll be a good night.  




 Removing the negative subs would cause such a huge uproar. It very well could push more people to voat.co 




 But don't you want to know they can't live without oxygen!?  




 Assume you have total control and can do anything with the site.  




 It's going to turn some women off, for whatever reason, but you can set your preference to search for all who like bi men, which will include bi women. It makes the search easier.  




 He's used Tinder, and got a brief relationship from that.  




 I have a good friend who's blind. He can easily use the Internet using a program called JAWS, which more or less lets him browse the internet and use a computer. I've seem him use an iphone too where he just swipes in certain directions and the phone will tell him where he's at (settings, Facebook, etc)  




 I'm listed as Bi. No idea if it hinders me with woman, but it probably does. That said, most if my high matches are bi women, so at least there's that.  




 Get drunk, ask to kiss her, nothing to lose.  




 /u/Trollabot train_subject1687 




 Bummed. Went out with a few friends tonight to a concert. Wanted to ask out a girl in our group but never got the chance to. Will try again Sunday when I see her again.  




 I expect my partner to cook everything. If they refuse and force me to cook, we'll need good home owners insurance.  




 What have you got to lose other than a few bucks and some time?  




 Problem is, if he says no in the balloon, there's no escape from it being an awkward encounter. That does sound nice though.  




 They're trying to get a VISA 




 If your current work place is really offering of all that new stuff, get it in writing.  




 You are obviously not a true New Englander if you don't crave Dunkies everyday.  




 More Dunkin Donuts! Seriously.  




 There's always /r/SaltLakeCity or /r/Utah 




 Actually, if that *really* is the case that would be fine. She'd probably get a hot chocolate or something. Plus, some Mormons *do* drink coffee (even though they aren't supposed to).  




 It's a little worse in terms of diversity down here in Provo.   




 VERY. I'm in Provo, Utah right down the street from BYU. Mormons get married *very* young compared to other faiths (which is why Utah is the youngest state-there's a high birth rate). I'm within the Mormon dating scene, and right now everything isn't that bad, but I imagine it gets harder during the school year. A lot of women leave for their missions too, which saturates the market (female enrollment at BYU dropped when women were allowed to serve at a younger age, starting a few years ago). 

 




 No. I've been on 5 or so dates. All were well.  




 No. Some people just don't drink. She could be a Mormon.  




 Thank you for the response. I personally know nothing about RIDE other than it's existence, so this was very useful.  




 My church (Quaker) does this, like many other Quaker churches. Someone will share a thought prompt, and others will respond if they feel moved by the spirit.   

Where are you doing this? 




 Not really. If they have a great profile, then they have a great profile.  




 Try turning him on and off again.  




 Thanks! I'm vaguely aware of those denominations, but don't know their theology much, so I'll look into it :) 




 Like which ones? I can think of the Unitarians and Quakers, but neither have creeds about believing in the Bible, nor do they have any sort of religious doctrine. 

(I'm only asking because I just don't know what sects you're talking about, and I consider myself a Christian, so I'm just curious because I like exploring different denominations) 




 Like? 




 True, but most sects would agree with the verses proclaiming the importance of marriage and the shaming of adultery.  




 No. My grandparents married at about 20 (grandma) and 40 (grandpa). Love is what love is. 




 So what did support tell you? 




 Yes it's a bad move, I wouldn't do that.  




 I was in Japan with a student travel group for two weeks. One of our stops was Kyoto, which is a really pretty city. Being an adventurous 15 year old, I decided to leave our group hotel in the middle of the night to explore the city a bit. Eventually, I got lost and started panicking. 

Then, I saw a police officer. Thank goodness! So I approach him.

"Sumi-ma-sen, do you know where ABC hotel is?"

The police man shakes his head and says, "No English."

I say "arigato" and turn around disappointed. But then I remember my hotel had a specific coffee shop inside of it, so I turn around again.

"Sumi-ma-sen...Starbucks-u?"

The police man smiles and points me the way. I was very thankful for capitalism that day.  




