 Yea but in terms of "the holy bible" (the book that used to say it's okay to sell your daughter for sex, and to own slaves, and that you cannot be homosexual) also says you're not allowed to eat shrimp, but we've all kind of forgot about all them bits... why? Why are we adapting the bible when it is said to be the divine perfect book of good and bad? Surely it shouldn't need changing? I'm not saying it's a bad thing that we're adapting something that's out of date and is no use to the advancement of humanity in the slightest, but why is it being changed when been written by man through the voice of god? 




 Well um sorry to break it to you, but the UK is nationally a christian country. (I'm not saying the UK should be only christians. It's open to everyone. The UK is technically speaking, nationally a christian country. Hence all our churches.) 




 It seems to me that the bible is constantly changing once proven wrong :\ 




 Kind of contradictory is it not? 




 I'd be very worried if they did.

Getting back to their instructor like: "Yeah... Drove into an oncoming tank." 




 Changing it by force will not change the quality, the quality will remain the exact same.

The image has it's own set of pixels, this is called the resolution. Making the image bigger will only simply make the pixels bigger, thus, not giving it any additional quality. A bigger image will require more pixels(Resolution) if you want to capture the detail.

The only way to get the image quality to stay the same while at a bigger size, is to make the image that size in the first place (with a high resolution)

Or if you're a tech savvy like me, can go into photoshop and just add more space to the work area, keeping the image the same, just adding more black space around it, and possibly using the clone tool to make it look part of the image for things that get cut off.

[In fact, I've done it for you. 1920x1080 just like you wanted.](https://i.imgur.com/bpjFxaz.png)

Edit: You fixed it while I was doing this. XD I'd still recommend using mine though, as it won't stretch the image due to the original being 1918x1080, and 'mine' being 1920x1080

Edit edit: I'm an idiot. Used the lower quality image and sized it 1920 for you. Send me the original image? 




 Great job! 




 I had Windows 8 once...

I upgraded to Windows 7.

Personally recommend sticking with 7. Using your Windows 8 key to upgrade your other system won't work, as they're one time use only. Nothing a pirate can't fix though. :) 




