 That's a big argument my friend group is having right now. On one hand, 3D can be distracting. On the other, this is a HUGE movie and a really important first-time viewing experience for us hardcore Jurassic Park fans. IMAX 3D, maybe? idk yet. 




 I am so FUCKING horrible at the battles! I was stuck on Level 9 for like three weeks. I've been having to invest a ton of time into planning out my next battle because I realized I needed a new team, but of course it takes FOREVER for me to get enough meat   coin to level anything up! Now I'm out of DNA so I can't buy any more dinosaurs so I can evolve the ones I already have! GAHHH it's so frustrating, fuck this game. Give me Operation Genesis 2. 




 Pretty cool video. Not my favorite Kanye verse, but it was cool. The photothot line tho! hahahah jesus.. 




 Rella by odd future 




 I get what you're saying. There are some songs by Kanye that I *really* don't like but I can turn around and find someone who thinks that song is a masterpiece. 




 This is probably what she meant when she said it was going to be a major SWISH 




 Cheers, mate! Been drinking and just started GoT as well. Lovving It! blessed be you, child 




 Haha too many spoilers. Just clicked on it and it was the finale of Jurassic World. NOPE! Didn't watch. What do you mean your worst fears are coming true? See something you didn't like? 




 ok 




 Oh my god, at 2:00 I almost felt like crying. That was beautiful. 




 Haha this is so bad, yet so amazing. 




 Still think it's kinda fun! I have a Jurassic Park in my pocket, I ain't complaining. (it's free! :D) 




 He doesn't mention anything about the wild raptors, leaving me to assume there aren't any. Bummer :(

I really wanted to see some vicious velociraptor stuff like in the last act of Jurassic Park. 




 It's exactly like in Jurassic Park, "The voice you are hearing is Richard Kiley! We spared no expense." On the tour. 




 I had that toy! It was an easter gift! Oh my god I'm crying  




 me irl 




 Hahahaha this is the best thing I've seen all day. 




 A student got to *intern* with him? I'm so fucking jealous. Goddamnit. 




 I think it's sus. He feels the Grammys are beneath him. 




 I think it's the I-Rex hatching as well as possibly it eating the sibling? 




 That was awesome. OH MY GOD IS IT JUST SPRINTING TOWARDS THE BATHROOM??

Hahahahaha I lost it, dude.

edit: when he spotted the bathroom... so relatable.  




 I'm really hoping that we've still seen only very little of this movie. What if the T-rex vs. I-rex scene is only halfway through the movie, just like the T-rex scene is halfway through the first Jurassic Park.

Ah, I doubt it. A boy can dream. The marketing on this probably has shown a clip from every scene of the movie. 




 Do you think Roshe Runs are ugly, too? 




 Haha I don't know if he drinks..but he smokes hella trees. That's all he really talks about. 




 I don't remember reading anything about Site B after Jurassic Park III. Has it been mentioned at all on the Jurassic World website? Any predictions on whether or not they'll talk about it in Jurassic World? 




 Mmm, my bad. Haha I thought I made such an awesome point. 




 Apollo flew too close to the sun. Got burnt. I'd say Kanye has pushed things too far many times, which is why public opinion is negative towards him. He flew too close to the sun. 




