 Who is running the show here? Freaking horrible. Do over.  




 Turn off your brain whenever it tries to analyze or reflect. Practice throwing these thoughts out. 

Don't try. Do.  




 Youll get more than enough in a few years.  




 Idealism, dislike for the world.  




 "Esteemed by the establishment"? Wooohooooooo!!!!!! 
























 That Ginger Baker got #6 for Best Drummer disqualifies this whole thing.  And no mention of Clapton?  WTF.

Edit:  If you took a survey of the drummers on this list, *they* would vote Ginger first by a large margin. 




 Good point. 









 They're just trying to anoint him as the next reddit cult leader. 




 Law written by whom?  The TLC. 




 As opposed just supporting tyranny? 




 Ballmer should have had an open and cash-prize competition for the design. The uniforms would be the best in the league.  









 Gonna miss you Matt. You were the heart of the team. Good luck to you, man!!!! 














 That Sunday Times "reporter" looked like he was about in high school. 




 Makes you wonder what's going on at Google for such a POS to make it out the door.   




 As long as the escapees stay within the border of New York State, they'll never be found. 














 You mean the Sunday Times story? 




 Proving your point?  Try again.  

It appears you have an aversion to anything factual.  He was on his way to South America via Moscow when the US revoked his passport.  The information is available to you on the internet if you care to look. 




 "Confirmation"?  Provide just one little piece of evidence for that.  [The author of the Sunday Times story, for one, would probably like to see it](http://edition.cnn.com/videos/us/2015/06/14/tom-harper-nsa-files-snowden-howell-intv-nr.cnn/video/playlists/intl-latest-world-videos/):

"All we know is that this is effectively the position of the British government....We just publish what we believe to be the position of the British government at the moment." 




 [Here is the background.](http://www.cjr.org/analysis/seymour_hersh_osama_bin_laden.php) 



















 That's good info. Thanks.  




 ....and then after a few months, Kobe will complain, and he'll be gone. 




 We went into Iraq and Vietnam against the nation's interest, for only 2 examples. It would be reasonable to assume these aren't the only occurrences in history. 

Further, there is a difference between the actual interest and the purported interest as stated by lying "leaders".   




 Is that long term best interest or short term?  Is that the best interest for the corrupt few in charge, or for the entire populace? 




 Exactly.  He's one of my favorite players. 




 That's interesting, because that is pretty much exactly my gut feeling about the Kaufmann issue.  I have found him to be excellent regarding Kierkegaard, and the other existentialists.  So why wouldn't the same hold true for his Nietzsche work?  The nay-sayers haven't provided any rationale or reason, which usually means there isn't a good one. 




 Nations always act in their best interest?  Wow.   




 Don't get your hopes up.  
 




 I don't understand the Le Carre thing either.  Tried his books, unreadable to me.  It's just a reddit echo-feedback phenomenon. 




 And/or are there any I should avoid?  Thanks. 




 Even better, put them in prison *and* make their jobs obsolete. 




 Yes, I like Kaufmann, but heard some slight negatives about his Nietzsche bio.  Don't know if these are substantial or just the internet echo-chamber. 




 Of Mice and Men.  




 You're thinking of Diego Garcia. Close though.  




 Uh oh. was thinking if getting into D, but this is not a good omen. Endless description is what kept me from finishing 'The Fountainhead' (2x) and 'Atlas Shrugged'.  




 Isn't true. Not nearly enough detail.  




 But you're actually winning from the start with Bitcoin. Like Charlie Sheen.  




 Maybe that's the pay they get when they are on "administrative leave" after they kill someone. 




 All public government, agencies, bureaucracy, services, unions, police, prisons, prosecutors....*everything* is so fucking corrupt and kleptocratic.  Throw them all in prison.   




 thank you! 




 I could use some good recommendations if anyone has them.  Don't want to just proceed blindly or by trial and error.  Thanks! 




 These are the two philosophers I would most like to know this about.  Would have been an endlessly intriguing exchange, with ramifications for all time. 









 Am I supposed to upvote this because it has "scientists" in the title? 




 I used to hang out with a lot of kids playing with toy guns.  Never killed a single one of them. 




 I could handle the antics if it weren't for all the horrible calls he makes. 









 We need a general manager.  




 Was it school, kindergarten, or daycare? Make up your mind.  




 Good video, but that guy is annoying as heck.  




 You may want to look into the Ni-Fi loop that the INTJ personality type can sometimes find themselves in.  In short, it is going back and forth between introverted intuition (Ni) and introverted feeling (Fi) without any extroverted thinking (Te).  The solution is thinking out loud with friends. 

Pretty much all the existentialists were/are INTJs. 

Also, learn about Taoism.  




 That's one if the few things I can do constantly.  









 Dont do it. Bad gut feeling.  









 Here we go again. Not all of us care what you have to say.  




 I don't like the choleric temperament (which ENTJs tend to be) because they generally have these traits:

Competitive, jealous, controlling, domineering, crude/brash, ends justify means, insecure, inconsiderate, unthoughtful, impersonal, no taste.

EDIT:  Oh yeah, they lose their temper.  As much as they like to control others, you'd think they could control themselves....
 




 ENTJs are the envious type.  INTJs don't envy in the least. 




 That actually seems plausible.  And it would explain why he doesn't want to talk about it yet.  And I hope it's true because of what Draymond said about the Clippers.  




 no.  how about stop pretending that reporting things - with alarmist, unsubstantiated, demagoguery - is the same as telling the future?

the temperature in alaska could be record cold this summer, for all anyone - including the OP - knows. 

what gets me is that your crowd claims to be on the side of *science*. 




 Can you read? 




 "There's no telling...."  Exactly.  Stop the sensationalist click bait.  




 That woman is a dissatisfied housewife who gets all turned on by goons in uniform.  She wants her knight in shining armor. 




 Sounds possibly fake.  




 http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/kierkegaard/ 




 As a Vick fan, I would love to see this happen.  




 Mike Conley 




 Tell us more about how everyone knows it. 




 Why did you put "normal" in quotes? 




 After the game, Kerr himself compared Curry to Jordan and Duncan, saying that he's seen those guys have games like that too.  To claim that the media just holds Lebron to a higher standard is a joke.  

Generally, the media can't be expected to report fairly on any of this.  They are fans and biased and irrational like the rest of us.  Though, as such, they shouldn't pretend to be otherwise - like they do.  

We're probably holding the media to too high a standard. 




 Not really.  He's probably missed more than anyone in league history *while* being praised by the media.  The media have *never* gotten on Kobe for any performance.  














 Im with you 100% on that, and have said the same thing here before.  




 The ONLY non-canonic book you need is "Tao: The Watercourse Way", by Alan Watts. It is probably the simplest, clearest, most thorough book on the subject. Watts is an excellent communicator. But get The "Tao Te Ching" and "The Book of Chuang Tzu" also, of course. I think the Penguin versions/translations are best. 

For Zen, I would get Watts' "The Way of Zen", which has a very good chpater on Taoism.  And/or this book by DT Suzuki: http://www.amazon.com/Zen-Buddhism-Selected-Writings-Suzuki/dp/038548349X

 




 Except that Taoism is not about theories or laws or words. It is expansive, not reductive. It coorelates with the Tao in everything.  




 Maybe Rand Paul can do something about that, being a Senator from Kentucky.  




 both 




 "....and lead a once-prosperous nation to ruin." 




 Riiiiight. You think that's all Clinton did? 




 Whatever he is, he doesn't talk about people like you do. 

You don't really believe he's a racist. That's just what you've been told you need to dismiss him with. Try thinking for yourself, if you dare. 









 He did.  But they're both scumbags. 









 Exactly. As if she wasn't a Johnny-come-lately herself. It's the bravado and affectation one learns in her world.  




 As soon as the officers verify that the camera was on:  

"I saw him reaching."  

"Yeah, he was reaching." 

FTP 




 They couldn't go any lower than $150? 




 ? 









 Be compassionate, and don't take yourself too seriously.  




 ISTP. Possibly ISTJ. 

Read about the legalisticness of this type a while back.  




 Yeah, don't even think about style.  Style is what we see when we look at drawings, not when we draw them.  "Style" will impede your development, and prevent you from finding your own way. 




 Raw footage. 




 And don't forget *Neil DeGrasse Tyson*!!! 




 Though you can still vote and fight in war at age 18. 




 Or if your apartment size decreases. 




 What a load of crap. Try using that "rationale" in the real world and people will laugh in your face.  




 And how exactly does that mean *anything*? 




 Thanks! 




 No the going to the graduation part.  




 Maybe someone can point out the substance of SK's misreading of Hegel. A caricature is not a misreading, but could be a necessity. I would tend to think that Zizek is instead misreading SK.  




 It was just mostly put forward as a reason to keep dirty old coal plants from being replaced by renewables.  




 Reporting news *before* it happens! 




 No one says he's a moderate. 




 Actually, this doesn't count as "good cop" behavior, since he wasn't on the job.   




 Sure.  Which means all the guys in the top positions are bad cops, at least where this stuff happens, and the threat of  or actual retaliation is tolerated.  Usually this is a department by department thing.  If there is one bad cop in a department, usually there are many more, and those at the top are bad too.  See the LA Sheriff's Dept. as Example #1. 




 Are you serious?  "Tenacity in the face of authority" is telling bishops and cardinals not to gossip - and only *after* he gets appointed pope?  Freaking ridiculous.  You're making my point.

Why doesn't he just decree that anyone who gossips, or boasts, or plans too much, or wants more, or is indifferent, or glorifies his boss, will be excommunicated? 




 Then why don't these good cops ever stand up and denounce the bad cops and the officials and system that not only protects but rewards their corruption and abuse?  For example: You get paid time off for killing someone if you're a cop.  Do any of the supposed good cops have a problem with that?  No, they circle the wagons with all the rest.

EDIT: Downvote and run without a rebuttal if you can't handle the truth. 









 Yeah, but that is what I personally liked. Reminded me of people i know.  




 Exactly. That's decreased standard of living too.  




 If you're the Pope, how much "tenacity in the face of authority" can you possibly have? 




 Horseshit. The Fed has killed the middle class and standard of living. Is weaker unions also the reason for women working now? 




 Id like them to give me money too.  




 our type isnt conventional. we dont follow "rules" just because.  




 He is one of the dumbest mouths in the league. What he says has a nastiness about it. Said a bunch of similar things about the Clippers. Go Cav's.  




 Thats because this is a repost and OP made the title up him/herself.  




 File this under "infringed".  




 Watch Woody Allen movies and copy his method.  




 I bought mine from the official refurb site and loved it, til it was stolen a few months ago. it was like new, not a microscratch or a speck of dust.  




 I agree with that.  




 Maybe thats because most of them are *for* the Patriot Act.  




 We aren't supposed to agree with each other on everything. We are human.  




 The two senators from MT did, one a democrat named Tester.  









 In a way it was good he was re-elected, because now they won't be able to say, "Well, now we got a new guy in so it's all good.  Nothing to see here anymore."  Instead he has to continue under the scrutiny of the international public and media - and hopefully, law.   




 The NCAA has its own type of corruption going on. 




 Judging by the silly ceremony of the voting process yesterday, you're right:  Each delegate taking their turn at one of only two specially-designed voting booths, all set to music.  Then emptying the boxes of ballots on a table in the front, so all can enjoy the self-important spectacle of serious people counting the blue papers.  Just like any tin horn banana republic, but with more ill-gotten money. 




 why don't the swiss go in and arrest this goon?  their laws certainly don't protect this bribery and corruption, do they? 









 Thats true. But i mean the content of what he says, not how it actually  sounds. Im surehe has a lot of interesting things in his head, but whenever it comes out his mouth as anything other than a song it is just anticlimactic and boring. Seems like he has become a caricature if himself, and thinks he needs to put on this persona. Gets old.  




 yeah i see now. youre right.  




 I love the stones, but always find kieth difficult to listen to. doesnt seem to speak openly or fluidly or say anything.  














 I have questions about his handling of the Kelly Thomas (trial of the cops who killed him) case.  




 Yes, science is quite different than how it is portrayed popularly, especially here on reddit. One well-known INTJ, Nietzsche, was *very* wary of science. As was another INTJ, Kierkegaard. The scientist, Richard Feynman, sees it for what it is and explains it well.  









 He has to be a choleric temperament which are always extroverts. 




 Read Of Mice and Men. It is short and can read in a day. 




 OK but then how did it get the pronunciation? 









 I upvoted you. Saw this in the other subreddit too. Not that great of a video anyway.  




 I dont think he was INTJ.  




 Nietzsche and Kierkegaard.  




 Stories of guys driving around the country in the 50's loosely based in Neal Cassidy as the main character. A quick enjoyable read.  




 Huckleberry Finn 




 Might try Steinbeck. And Taoism.  




 Kerouac's On the Road 




 The Jobs by Isaacson. Also check out the boks on Tesla.  




 Confessions of a Yakuza, by Junichi Saga.  




 Yeah, check out Orthodoxy by GK Chesterton.  




