 I don't have an XBOX One either, and I doubt my crappy PC would be able to play the remake. :p Thanks for the comment though. 




 Kreygasm 




 What the hell is on his neck 




 Stepping on gum? 




 Casually tell non-family member-friends "I love you" That shit always throws me off. Like, no, I don't fucking love you. You a okay, but I don't love you! Damn. 




 I have never played a Final Fantasy game. I have always been a fan of RPGs and would like to try/play a JRPG but, unfortunately don't have money. Final Fantasy 7 if viewed by many as the greatest game ever made, and considered by many more the greatest RPG ever made. I do not have a PS4 so I will be unable to get the remake anyways, and would love to experience the original, even if it hasn't aged to well graphics wise. Many people complain that I haven't played the greatest RPG and I would love to join the circle jerk but I don't have the money. Game Link: store.steampowered.com/app/39140 Steam Community Link: steamcommunity.com/id/train_subject1909 




 Donut on a string in front of a treadmill.  




 I express my gratitude sir boneman 




 How did they send it from steams email? 




 I don't see whats wrong with it. I find it very[ cute.](https://blog.sweeps.jobs/wp-content/uploads/dog-shovel.jpg) 




 Yes it is. 




 Fair enough. 




 Holy cow... 10 years... wow just wow. 




 Woah man, old post, didn't think I would get any more friends from it. Lol. 




 Lets play spot the fanboy! 




 You know you don't get any Karma of AskReddit posts, right? 




 When she gets pregnant. 




 Kreygasm 




 Or, you know... Russia... 




 This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-6pGuSwwok ab_channel=TerminalMontage[Jeremey]) is relevant 




 Thanks, my reddit account is as old as fuckyouimashark. This means something. 




 The power is the downside. Dude world have a huge erection all day. But going to the gym... it would be worth it. 




 NSFW 









 She wags it so much she is going to get barkel tunnel. I'll see myself out. 














 Oh, good to know. Thanks 




 Thanks, like I said, noob. 




 Do you get the Age of Fire ending or Age of Dark ending? 














 At first I read "My dead cat is 75% belly" Oh my 




 Someone went to a private school. 




 Blah blah blah Northernlion 




 worthless cocksucker. you are a waste of oxygen. enjoy your shitty life amounting to anything but a piece of shit no one likes. do your best to try to piss me off. i make 100k a year. work out every day. and have a girlfriend. i also have a panda profile pic because i am so badass. worthless fuck. 









 1,000 




 Well, judging by the graphics I would say that is accurate! *buh tum tiss* 




 I know how to read a fucking manga. Jeez :p 




 Don't have patches yet. He is alot further in the game then where I am at. I leveled to high for where I am. 




 I know, the conversations just weren't flowing. "Hey Goten" "DAD THIS THING ISN'T WORKING" "Hey, Mr. Satan pun!" That pun was pretty good though 




 Why is there a 9 star Dragon Ball on the cover. Also, reading that was kinda clunky. It was jumping all over the place, probably just because it is setting the setting and stuff, idk. 




 Damn, reddit has high standards on what makes a hero... 









 But... 69... 




 NEWS DOESN'T COVER PRO SWIMMING!? TRIGGEREDDDD 




 sleep tight pupper 




 Oh, okay, thanks. This is my first playthrough, I guess I will find patches eventually. Mask of the Father just looks really weird so I want it. lol. Thanks! I guess I will delete post. 




 Cheerleader. This is what my PvP (not really) build is. Get to small shields, made for parrying. Equip them in either hand, pretend they are pom poms. Then I backstab people with parrying daggers, it does like, 10 damage. lol 




 Dude, it isn't bad. Death to all non-Muslims is a *great* idea! It is a peaceful religion after all! Damn, these people keep defending it when it is right in from of them that it is fucked up. 




 Hey... look... tits...
 




 This is not a picture, it is a website containing an image, but it also has multiple links. It is not a photograph either. Read the rules " and note that we are not a catch-all for general images (of screenshots, comics, etc.)" You literally broke 2 of the first rules. Right Click + Copy Image URL, post to /r/funny 




 NSFW, also, maybe try another sub. Looks fine though, except that weird ass bottom. 




 Football, half the players just run in circles until it is their time to shine. I would last a few couple hours and only break 10 bones. 




 I don't get it. :/ 




 Cool! You got Fallout: New Vegas and *Fallout 3 has stopped working* 




 Nuleclears you asshole! YOU RUINED 555 LIKES! Have you no kindness in your heart? 




 This was on /r/adviceanimals a few days ago :p 




 Learn to hold a camera straight. Or just use miiverse. 




 Same. If this happened to my dog I have no idea what I would do. :/ 




 THANK YOU! The only actual answer. Thanks. 




 PETITION: This needs more signs. Maybe we, the people of reddit, can help out? https://www.change.org/p/bay-county-save-sarge-from-death-row 









 She was a fuckin' spooder. I kill fukkin' spooders. #SPOODERSmustDIE 




 You fucking broke it. Think about what you have done. 




 Getting fired is better. You get unemployment. More like GG Boss. 




 Already killed Quelaags sister. Whoops 




 Another question, I don't know how to get to the door where you poison mist the maggot. Like I said, I'm a noob. Can I do this from where I am in the game? 




 I didn't know if I was able to do that now. So if you are saying I can, then I will. Thanks 




 THIS IS MY FIRST PLAYTHROUGH! I DO NOT KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON!!! I know Solair can go insane or something, I want to prevent it. I just beat O S and used the warp thing to warp to the Sunlight Statue thing. I saw Solair and he said something about not being able to reach is sun. This seems like it is hinting to him going insane soon. Tell me when it happens, I know how to prevent it. Please, help. I don't want to many spoliers though. 




 I feel sorry for Trump. No one came to see him. I don't *hate* you Trump! I disagree with you, but don't hate you! 3 




