 I'm living near the German border on the east side of the Netherlands, and just because a lot of Germans come to the town i live, a lot of people speak fluently German. You just have a lot of contact with foreing laguage, thats the way most people pick it up so quickly. I guess thats also a factor for you guys in Great Brittain, a lot less contact with other languages.  




 He's underestimated a lot, i wasn't expecting much of him in the World Cup last year, but he played very well. Thats when i knew that we can expect great things of the guy. I'm not saying he will be a top 10 player of the world, but he will definitely be very useful for us the next 10 years. 




 Yep, i've started picking it up when playing Counterstrike when i was 11, and in school we had a lot of English lessons. Foreigners won't pick up any of the Dutch language when visiting, because we will show you how good our English is no matter what. We're very proud of it.  




 A lot of players make the mistake to go to big (like Depay, he's really talented but besides 1 or 2 matches in the Worldcup he hasn't been tested outside the Eredivisie) i think its a perfect choice for a player like Wijnaldum.  




 I guess i'm just a positive guy haha, but you're definitely right. He hasn't done anything to earn that great gig as manager of Oranje. If the KNVB just had signed Ronald Koeman we would've been way better off.  




 Thanks! Maybe i have more luck then. 




 I guess you're right. Ruud Gullit didn't have a problem with the dreads, but maybe he was stabilized by that magnificent mustache...  




 Playing on PC with xbox controllers. Nobody is opening packs, only a few Depays, and all are from PSV, guess the same will happen with Wijnaldum/Schweini...  




 Why? Danny Blind has the benefit of the doubt. With Marco van Basten he has the perfect assistent. Lets just hope we can get through this bad streak and get that ticket to Eurocup. 




 Schweini and Wijnaldum CM, Depay LW in a BPL squad. I'm definetely going to try that in FIFA16.  




 Depay and Wijnaldum are the future from Oranje. Really hope all the best for them. 
 




 I would love to see the reaction from Ibra when he is forced to say something when he enters San Siro if he's going to transfer to AC again. He just shrugs and goes back inside.  




 Don't think he will, bad aerodynamics.  




 Haha, he's a running joke back here in the Netherlands. LVG talks "stonecoal English". Basically he just litteraly translates Dutch sayings. But yes, most of us speak English pretty well. Dutch isn't the biggest language so we have to. Its not weird for people from the Netherlands to speak English, German and even French.  




 You should! He's a very nice, down to earth guy. I think Newcastle is the perfect club for him. 
 









 "Reddit, what is your favourite quote? Why?" - xboxg4mer

you brilliant son of a bitch. 




 Y're a good lad Jackie boy 




 It was my fifth time at Defqon, but i never get used to it. Amazing show, amazing festival. Just epic :D 




