 How you liking the essors? Going back and forth between them, archetypes, and open pros. 




 mine is shipping :) Was really on the fence about going aluminum, but they seem solid for the price.  The lifetime warranty is pretty good to have as well.

 




 Cheap conversion.

Step 1 buy a cog.

Step 2 tighten the cog.

Done

 




 I think modders should have options.  The games industry is risky,  What if they want a stable job and to make a little extra money here and there via mods. 




 In the press demo there was unique classes.  




 I agree, I've been with ting for about 2 years.  I have 2 phones on my plan and my bill ranges between 40-60 a month.  Hopefully Google pricing will be competitive,   I might not switch but maybe they will drive tings prices further down. 




 Whenever I'm up against a player who is making incredibly weird shots or pre-firing corners that aren't normal corners I will usually report them.  It's just easier and less dramatic than trying to call them out in chat.   Should I rest assured knowing that if they are just really good they won't get banned?

How do you deal with a potential hacker?  I'd just feel horrible if someone got banned for being better than someone else. 




 Those crap cg Dragon babies tell me that they have no money for good animators.  I can't attest to anything past season 1. 




 Thickslick makes sausages O.o 




 why is everyone still surprised when hbo go doesn't work on the premier of game of thrones.
servers are expensive and they can't use one night a year as a baseline or else they will be hemorrhaging money 




 So i'm going computer to receiver to tv, and when I make a youtube video fullscreen it briefly gives me a black screen.  Seems like it temporarily loses connection.  I'm guessing it has to do with resolution variables, but its only through youtube.  Other online videos are fine, and youtube ad's are fine.  right when the ad finishes playing it goes black briefly.
  I never had this issue when plugged straight into my tv, and its fine when I use a monitor.  Its not the end of the world (it only lasts a few seconds)  I figure maybe there is some weird hdmi setting I'm missing. 




 Absolutely not legit.  Read the footer, it says "powered by http://ray-europa.com"  if you go to ray europa you can see it was shut down for selling counterfeit ray-bans.   




 If you play better at that res then why not.  The only issue is limited visibility, but if you play a position with the same group of people it shouldn't be bad. 




 I love my rangers, but personally I'd probably get hiking boots.  If you are potentially walking hundreds of miles/thousands of miles you might want boots with treads on them.  Something more functional. 




 Yes 




 I got into dark souls late, and ds2 wasn't my cup of tea.  I want to get into the multiplayer this time around, so long as the servers start working one day.  Anyhow what is the "agreed" upon level to stop at?  I'm ~80 now and don't want to jump up too high.

Also, is there a "soul level" or err equivalent? 




 Yup 




 I think its a token so you can but his armor in the insight shop. 




 Psn is down for me, maybe it will let you ring your bells but it's not actually connecting you.  Maybe try choosing and opening your games and double checking is online. 




 That's super weird, especially when he pulled the scythe back out mid attack.  Something similar happened when I fight martyr logarius,  not quite that bad though.

 




 Me too, it was working fine a few hours ago.  Think it might be down. 




 I've killed every boss I can find in every area (I've found), and have no idea where to go.  I haven't gone into a dungeon yet, so I'm guessing I should probably do that? 




 It happened 2 times in a row,  So I think it might have to do with the fact I spent 2 insight prior.  Especially if other people have been toying with that idea. 




 I tried summoning twice and didn't find anyone.  I think it went from 24 to 22.  So it could be possible of I hit the threshold just right.    I don't think it was glitched because it happened twice in a row.  The first time I was doing a lot of dodging in anticipation for his magic attacks, which never came.  The second time I just went right in his face from the get go. 




 The past day or so I've had lots of problems with Logarius.  Figured I'd take time to grind levels, my health was low and he'd almost one shot me, absolutely 2 shot me.  

I cranked up my health a bit and went back.  He didn't do any aoe orbs or the big close range skull.  He did do the small skull missiles when I approached, and his melee attacks.  I pretty much backed him in the corner and stun locked him the entire fight.

I guess I could have been playing way too passive when I had low health, but he used to do the aoe balls as I approached him.  I guess a wins a win, but it was a bit underwhelming.  I didn't even get to use the blood flasks I ground prior. 




 Practice parries on the cinder block guys, they are easy to learn on.  Skip the 2 big beasts on the bridge, they will wreck your shit early in the game.  

So long as you are enjoying your time with the mechanics you shouldn't worry about progressing quickly.  Obviously veterans of the series are going to get through quicker than you.  

You could also look up epicnamebro on youtube,  he helped me a ton in learning the ropes for ds1.  His bloodborne videos are coming along very well. 




 I gave up and summoned for his fight.  I'm extremely bad at human sized boss fights,  I can't read animations very well.  The first 2/3rd of the fight reminded me of the artorias of the abyss fight, which I hated.  I'm on my 6th boss right now, and nothing gave me problems like father g.

I didn't want to summon, but I tried for 6 hours...  I was also under leveled, and skipped the first boss by mistake. 




 I'm just going purely off one shotting bosses.  I haven't yet in bloodborne, and I did multiple times in ds2.  

I also play way too passively, so that's my own issue. 




 Assuming her husband is a ds veteran.  Also it's way harder than ds2.   









 Your husband week just got rougher 




 Fuck a fireplace, let's warm up by this Ridley!  




 I also have oroshi kirin if you need 




 45 1659 5694 2990 pw 3333 




 I just unlocked the 9* quest, but that would be great if you don't mind.  I have a 46 ruby basarios if you need it. 




 I believe if you do c5* remobra remedy you get a lr quest, then he will show up in low rank expeditions.  I could be wrong though.  Kind of weird how rare they made him. 




 Thank you so much! 




 Should I just give up on my purple hammer upgrade and start a new hammer?

Am I supposed to just be doing expeditions and hoping for the best? 




 Wait for oleds to go down.  Why get an early 4k tv when nothing is broadcasted in 4k.  Technology will get better and cheaper.

Isn't there only a select few programs that broadcast in 1080p, and sure Netflix says ya! 4k, but it's compressed as hell anyhow and absolutely not worth it.  Unless you are gaming in 4k and your screen breaks. 




 May very well only be a handful of people with work places in here I suppose 




 Making sure I don't drink that death kool-aid 




 For reason: cult and occult.

Sounds about right. 









 I doubt it will severely damage Tag Heuer.  But I do agree it will probably stay as a concept/beta project.  I just wonder what this price could/would be,  Tag prices don't exactly compete with the ~600 mark. 









 damn that's pretty killer,  I've been toying with the idea of getting a large format printer.  Err well my buddy's buying a print shop and I've been toying with the idea of him buying a large format printer and paying me.  

Keep up the good work! It's a killer piece. 




 Good luck on the $$$!  Oh and what kind of press is your school using?  Assuming it's a digital ink jet type joint, really cool you can print on canvas in school!   




 The p ruins it for me.   









 Another t shirt comment. 




 Game publisher contacts youtube personality and pays them some amount of money for a steam recommendation.  

Now steam curators need to disclose if they were payed for their recommendation.  Essentially it's a way to make sure the customers are getting accurate and unbiased opinions of a game. 




 I'm guessing it's such a small amount of money it doesn't make much of a difference.  Offer x YouTuber a couple hundred dollars and a free game for a steam recommendation.

It isn't so much a marketing issue, and proper writers on big name games media sites already had policies to follow.

The weird thing is X youtuber can still get payed to make a YouTube video, they just can't give it a steam recommendation without disclosure.  Essentially what matters are how many people follow steam recommendations vs just watching their favorite youtube personalities. 














 Yea it could potentially be great,  in just not sure how big of an impact it will have, or how they can enforce it.  Thought it was interesting though. 









 Pro: you get to play both consoles exclusive games.

Con: there aren't that many exclusive games to begin with.

I normally don't tell people to get a pc, but if your thinking about owning both consoles then money probably isn't a huge issue.  So a pc might be something worth looking into for you. 




 It's not going to make front page of iTunes, no one will discover it anyhow.  Unless they add featuring Taylor swift to the title. 




 How long ago did you listen to system of a down, did you listen to anything in between system and the death grips, how old are you? So many questions.

A lot of people liked nirvana, it doesn't mean that every lead man's junkie girlfriend is going to kill them.  Or whatever happened to that guy 




 Maybe don't listen to the radio?  What artists do you like? 




 A lawyer is more than $450. 




 500 is a lot of money.  Your insurance will take care of your car.  Being punished for doing nothing wrong is bullshit customer support.  Sony should give him his account and revert it to before the hack took place.  Sony doesn't take any losses,  they are digital purchases that can be removed from the account. 




 The best we could possibly hope for is free streaming of games we own on ps3 via psnow.  But I doubt that will ever happen.. They spent a lot of money on Gaikai 




 No, there is no backwards compatibility. 




 Nope,  it was a section of mobile games and apps.    Not incredibly popular, but it had plenty of fun little games in it. 









 A round or two of smash when you need a zelda break. 




 No backwards compatibility.  There is the streaming service, and it has limited games.  I'm sure you could find an exact list somewhere.  There is no downloads for any old games, ps1,2, or 3. 




 I dropped from 3Mb to 36Kb on mega as soon as it hit 60% 




  man, all I remember is GRAAALLL JAILLL.  I'll definitely hop on at some point,  I didn't even realize it was still up and running 




 If you lack experience I doubt you would keep up even if you had the best bike there.  Don't blame your bike, just work harder and go back when you are ready.  Especially now that you know what to expect. 




 Yeesh 




