 I'm taking a wait-and-see attitude with VR. But, I think comparing this next wave of hardware to the early-90s stuff is a case of false equivalence. The tech is so much more advanced now, it seems silly to suggest it will fail for exactly the same reasons. If anything, the trajectory for VR in the 90s gives me some hope that these new platforms will be viable. Early VR was awful--it was ugly, clunky, uncomfortable/painful, and unimpressive. Even the people consuming it didn't really like it; they just wanted VR to be a thing so badly that they were willing to pretend it actually worked.  No one really enjoyed it, and yet it persevered for a number of years, and people kept trying to make it successful by pure force of will. Plunking quarters, dollars, whatever, into obnoxious gear that didn't actually work on any level.

Contrast that with today, where the new VR hardware is sleek, powerful, and evidently capable of actually producing a "virtual" experience. I haven't had an opportunity to try it yet, but I will accept Jeff's assertion that you have to try it to understand how well it works. And I would wager that the same passion for VR that propped up ridiculous hardware in the 90s still exists today. When that demand is met with a product that actually works as advertised, it could be a whole new ballgame.  




 Absolutely. Being an armchair cynic is easy. The proof will be in the pudding, in the end. 




 I have an Xbox One, and I think the backwards compatibility is good news. In particular, I'm excited to regain some of my XBLA library that I lost when ditching my 360. I no longer have any retail games to take advantage of it, but I'm sure other people do. No matter how you slice it, backwards compatibility is a good thing for the console. A feather in the cap.

Having said that, the question is 'how big of a feather?' I'm not sure how XB1 backwards compatibility is any different from Xbox 360 backwards compatibility. In both cases, it only works for certain games, and it ultimately seemed like kind of an afterthought on the 360. I have a feeling it will be similar on the XB1. Even if tons of games are enabled eventually, it's tough to get the public to really embrace something that doesn't work across the board. It confuses people, and it annoys those with games that aren't supported. 

As I said, I'm happy to regain whatever XBLA games I can through this service. But, I'm not convinced it will be that much of a boon to Microsoft. I suspect it will be a positive, useful feature, but not a game-changer. 




 You must be in college. 




 So, I read another write-up on the game yesterday, and there is a limit on jump distance. Apparently, you have limited capability starting out, and you need to explore, trade, etc., to upgrade your ship and increase the distance you can travel. So I guess that explains it.

However, it still seems like meeting up with friends should be possible once both of you have upgraded sufficiently and are nearer the center of the universe. 




 Have you tried not adding so much to the meat? I learned about a year ago that the best burgers are seasoned only on the outside. The meat needs to be worked as little as possible. Once you mix in a bunch of stuff and mix it until uniform, you're basically eating meat loaf on a bun--not a burger. 




 It looks tasty, but I will pass on any burger that can't fit in my mouth. I don't understand the fascination with impossibly-tall burgers. 




 Is there a limit to how far you can warp? I recall the developer saying that all players are contributing to the same map. So, if it's a static map, and each planet has coordinates on the map, it seems as if I could give a friend those coordinates and we could meet up. Unless, of course, there is some limit on the distance you can jump, which I haven't heard about. 




 I don't understand why. Haven't they said the galaxy map is persistent? If so, why can't you just coordinate with your friend offline and agree to meet at a particular planet? 




 Or just buy the U.S. version. It's coming to both territories. 




 Gotcha. Fwiw, gameplay similarity and structure of the games is what I was focused on. I don't think that list of games is mechanically similar to Team Ico's games, with the possible exception of 'Brothers' or 'Limbo.'    




 Hmm. 'Brothers' and 'Limbo' were vaguely similar to Ico, not at all like SoC. And nowhere near as good as either, imo. I haven't heard of 'This War of Mine' or 'Toren,' but the remainder are not similar to Team Ico's previous games. At all.  

Thanks for providing the list, though. It illustrates the lack of games competing in the same space. For my money, Team Ico has yet to be surpassed in the genre, much less "far" surpassed. 




 ...the game looks like it's been far surpassed by recent similar platformers.

Okay, fair enough. Name one. 




 Basically, the best answer is that the two previous games from this team were something genuinely special, for most people who played them. That's not a very satisfying answer if you haven't played them, but what else can people say? 

It might help if you explain what you thought looked terrible. The visuals are obviously causing a stir, but none of the detractors say much of anything beyond "looks like crap" or "looks like 2009." I don't think either of those statements is true. My son is currently playing through the PS3 remaster of Shadow of Colossus (a 2011 game), and the LG demo looks much, much better than that. Now, it doesn't look like a game with bleeding-edge visual tech, that's true. But the demo looks good--no blurry textures, cool character modeling, detailed architecture, very sharp, running at a high framerate. Appreciation of visuals is subjective, but we can at least quantify some of it.

The gameplay is harder to comment on. It looks like a puzzle game, and puzzle games are hard to get excited about in a linear, 3-minute demo. They might have been better served by cutting together a trailer showing off various environments, mechanics, etc. But, what they showed was enough to get fans excited. People who have played the previous two games can look at what was shown and see potential for a really great game. More importantly, there was nothing about it that suggests anything other than another very special experience from this developer. Without that context, it's easy to understand why you might not be excited. It's a fool's errand for fans to try to change your mind, but hopefully, if LG ends up being another winner, you'll find a reason to give it some time and find something to enjoy. 




