 Yeah, I think that races won matters not win rate. You can have a win rate of 100% and only compete once.

I'm not saying that he's not a good rider. But I don't think that he's the most talented rider. 




 Win rate doesn't matter really. Ago is the rider with the most wins followed by Rossi. 

The trouble with saying "talent" is that it's really subjective. Races won is really the only metric that we can use. And it's what counts in racing. 




 Define "talent". If you mean winning races then I think you're wrong. And winning races is all that really matters. 




 Where's the data? What does "best" mean? Muscle activation can be measured these days and I would prefer to see this list broken down by some sort of actual data showing how much more activation these lifts provide than their counterparts. 




 It depends on what you're trying to get out of coaching and what that coach can provide. Are you looking to learn how to program? Are you looking for coaching on your technique?

Don't forget that just because someone is strong doesn't mean they are a good coach.  




 I disagree. I'm in San Diego and I can be on pretty quiet roads in less than an hour.

edit: autocorrect 




 We seem to be on a good upward trend. Interesting (but not surprising) just how many breweries we had in 1873. 









 From the sound of it the horse was hers not some "random" horse if that makes a difference in your reply. 




 How come he slowed down instead of just accelerating through that?  




 My shins used to get pretty bloody but once I got better at my form they stopped bleeding. 




 I disagree. They just aren't passionate about racing and racing does nothing for them in terms of development. I imagine they see it as a waste of time and money to participate in racing. 

Which is a shame because their bikes definitely have the potential to do well. 

I don't think that Ape is tarnishing their image really. They aren't a well known brand and they are getting what they need out of GP by actually racing. They have proven that they can do the WSBK thing pretty well already. 




 Saw this parked in the parking lot at work.  









