 And any one of you would do the same exact thing given his situation. Akron Beacon Journal, or ESPN? Please tell me you wouldn't. I don't blame him one bit. If you can forgive LBJ, then you shouldn't hate Windhorst at all.  




 What did he actually say? Anyone have a link? 




 There was a post that Broussard made earlier that has since been deleted that said LeBron was going to Cleveland. Wish I would've screen grabbed it.  




 There was multiple posts from Broussard and @Probballdraft that have since been removed. Wonder why? 




 There is dialogue between Garen and Darius. I know that much at least. 




 No need to be an ass 




 I used to have an account at Torrentleech from back in 2008 and had it all the way up until last year when after a few months of inactivity got it deleted. If anyone has an extra invite to spare I would forever be in your debt. Thanks.  




 I've actually had it happen to me only once, and it was $20 after making a withdrawal from the bank. They must've realized their mistake because it was taking out of my account a day later.  




 Did not expect to hear anything about the vestibule for the rest of my life. That place ate up a lot of my time when I was a teenager.  




 Ben Tate is also a Cleveland Brown now. Can't discount that. 




 He was talking about Vi, not Yi. 




 How long does it usually take for them to finish? 




 For some reason your link isn't working for me. 




 Am I missing something, because I thought the WiiU wasn't doing very well as of right now. I am the only one I know that has one.  




 Vi, Garen, Pantheon  




 Looks like OP delivered  




 not really 




 This was how I felt the entire last week when I was reading Words of Radiance.  









 Serenity  




 I really hope this is the case. It was probably my favorite part about Dark Souls.  




 I'm pretty sure it was sarcasm, but I could be wrong.  




 Just kicked me out in the middle of champ select. Hopefully the downtime isn't too long.  




 If he was a sociopath I don't think he would care enough to lie to them about it though.  




 If we are talking about both next gen consoles, I was actually pleasantly surprised by Dead Rising 3 as well. I put a lot of time into that game.  




 I see nothing wrong with this picture. Also, your boyfriend looks like a skinny/hairy version of Ryan Gosling. Also, I hate cats. That is all.  




 Stardust is a pretty good one to watch in almost any situation. Also, the Star Trek (2009) remake.  




 I understand that spreading it across the menu is a better idea. I was just stating that raising the price of one burger on the menu is not a good indicator of how to compensate for the raise increase.  




 I am for raising the minimum wage, but I don't like this argument either. By raising the cost of the Big Mac $1.28 on top of what it already is, you cannot expect the same amount of people to buy it. Then, you would have to raise the price of other items to compensate even more.  




 Hello everyone; first post here. I recently purchased a home theater setup and was looking for some feedback. Haven't even installed everything yet. 

* Center: Polk CS10
* Front: Polk TSi300 Floorstanding
* Surround: Polk TSi100 Bookshelf
* Sub: BIC America F12
* Receiver: Harmon Kardon AVR1700

I just noticed this sub today, and was looking to make sure I made the right choices. Any help at all is appreciated.  




 I am confused as to why this is funny? Help? 




 I am still undecided between the SC-2010 and the Remington R5. I'm glad to see though that the grip actually does something in this game though compared to previous ones.  




 What kind of dog is that? 




 Unless this is offset by a reduced retail price, I will most likely not be getting this game. 




 Anyone got video?
 




 ...what thread? 




 "Allahu akbar"

A lot of people would flip their shit. 




 Gone in Sixty Seconds 




 You get that line from the show Castle? 




 I would hold onto the last two, but the first one would be right before I played the lottery.  




 Followed and liked. Would be nice as I was actually planning on not renewing my XBL sub this year. :) 




 Snoop, you ever try Molly? If so, are you sweating? 




 I had an original Wii that had a bad video chip, and the screen started pixelating. Nintendo sent me a new one out no questions asked.  




 Am I the only one who thinks $28-$30 for a tank top is pretty ridiculous?  




 World War 3 




