 The backpack? Tighten the shoulder straps up real nice.  




 Gotta go with the other guy on this. There's nothing innovative about Tipper's music.  




 I always thought it was diplo because he wants girls to dip low haha 




 How are the offset abec 11 flashbacks? Looking at the 81a amber in 70mm for the maestro I'm getting 

E: for trucks I'm getting paris v2 50 180mm 




 My finance prof was also an investment banker. She retired at 40 to become a part time professor.... still has enough money at 65 to go to Europe every year.  




 Isn't Canada in like, North America? 




 So I'm following Diplo on snapchat and on his story he played a version of lean on that sounded just plain dirty. It was amazing. The first time I heard it on his snap was a few weeks ago when he posted a video of his son dancing to it, and the second time was later that day at what appeared to be a show. The thing that stood out to me most was the bit that starts at 00:49 in the original version but it was louder, faster, and had more bass in this mix.  I've listened to all the remixes on soundcloud and none of them sound right, pls help!!!!!!! 




 How do you like them? Worth the price? 




 Set up an E*Trade account or an account with another discount broker. Do some research and see what suits your needs. Pay attention to their fees. Make sure you understand how much their transaction fees are and whether they charge you for both buying and selling or just one or the other. When you set up the account and they ask you how you want your money to be stored when it's not invested in a stock you want to go with a sweep account so that it incurs interest even when you're not investing. 

If you want to invest in a mutual fund that's fine it's a relatively low risk way to do things but mutual funds are usually diversified to the point that they don't offer high returns so definitely make sure you look into the fund's historic returns. 

Another way to invest is to put your money into a Roth IRA which is a form of retirement account. The money is taxed when you put it into the account so there's no penalty if you liquidate the account before retirement. The returns are going to be higher than what a standard savings account will give you but they're not going to be crazy. I think the current return on a Roth IRA is like 8% so if you put in 4-5k and let it sit for a year you're going to earn somewhere between 300-400. So nothing crazy but for not having to do any work other than deposit some money it's not bad. A Roth IRA is the safest type of short term investment I can think of so if you don't want to risk losing money this is the way to go. 




 I was at 240-250 when I got my first board. I got a tugboat which held my weight fine but it's not really a true longboard and it might be too short for your height. The main thing at weights above ~200 is you want to look for a board that's not designed to have flex because those are designed to have flex for someone that weighs 130-160. 

Daddies Boardshop has a section of boards designed for heavier riders:

http://www.daddiesboardshop.com/longboards/230lbs-and-up

Also look into the Bustin Ibach and the Maestro Mini.

That Modela should hold you fine. The main thing is to just stay away from super flexy cruisers and penny boards.

Also good job getting in shape brah! I was where you are not too long ago. 




 You got a link to a news article or some search terms I can use to find one? 




 after that event that road is 90% pavement 7% thane 3% skin 




 Let me know how it is  




 It's on spotify now 




 What the fuck happened here? This kid had his youth taken from him because someone decided that it was okay to violate the speedy trial clause of the sixth amendment. Whether it was done with intent or it was an error in the system someone needs to answer for this. 

The absolute maximum amount of time that a trial can be delayed in NY is six months unless the defendant has been accused of murder. The only conceivable way this was legal was if Kalief Browder agreed to delay the trial, in which case his lawer needs to be disbarred for incompetence. Jesus fucking christ. 




 It may just be me but so far college has been a slice compared to high school. Yeah the work is harder and there's more pressure to perform, but you're not surrounded by all of the immature douchebaggery of HS and you don't have to deal with helicopter parents as much. 









 YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

E: Louder,  Harder, Better is great 




 Landyachtz dinghy is really good, as is the tugboat which is just a slightly wider version with a slightly longer kick. 

Normally I wouldn't advocate for a Santa Cruz board because they're usually not that great but I actually think that the SC Landshark is a really good mini cruiser. I have one that I use to get around at my college and a lot of my friends use them. We like them because for a ~27-28" board they have a pretty long wheel base and the kick is functional for pivot turns, though you're probably not going to be able to ollie with it. Amazing if you need a compact and lightweight commuter, not so great if you want to do anything else.

Arbor also makes a few cruisers. They just dropped a new one called the Rally which is 30" long and comes with reverse king pin trucks which tend to be pretty carvy. The other two are the pilsner (31") and the pocket rocket which is really short, I want to say it's like 25 or 26 inches. 




 I was confused too so I googled it. Apparently it sounds kind of like win  




 I think socal should get one of these. Certain parts of Oregon might also work. I'm sure longboard parks are much cheaper to build and maintain than skate parks. 




 You really think a junior in college is still carrying a crush from 10th grade? Idk man people change a lot in college 




 Y'all just ditch him after he took that spill into the curb? I saw one guy kinda turning around but it looked like the rest of you just kept going. 




 How are Bustin Swift wheels? Think a set of 70mm 82a swifts would be good on a Maestro? I'm getting a maestro to commute on campus but eventually I might want to try sliding. So far I've got about 4 or 5 months of experience on a mini cruiser. Bustin is saying I should put 78a bustin premiers on it. I've narrowed it down to those and Sector 9 78a topshelf 9 balls, Sector 9 butterballs, and 80a 69mm arbor vice wheels. 

I got some solid advice on wheels and bearings in yesterdays thread so I thought I should present you guys with my new wheel list 




 I assume NYC is #1 what's #2? 




 This album is so good so far!

[Also here's the soundcloud for one of the guys that makes up Galantis. He has some pretty fire stuff too.](https://soundcloud.com/styleofeye) 









 Galantis 3 




 Also like 99.99999% of fighter pilots come out of the AF academy  




 Really the deciding factor between the two is your shoe size. I'm US 10.5 and the Tugboat is perfect to slightly too wide for me, but I like having a bit of heel and toe overhang on small cruisers. 




 "Shoplifter." he fired on police as he was escaping he's no longer just a shoplifter. 




 Ah yeah that makes sense 




 The last set of beastos I had didn't last that long. Rode them for about 2 months before they started slowing down on me and I had to replace them with some reds I had laying around. Maybe it was just a fluke but that's why I was leaning towards zealous  




 Maybe learning to slide eventually but riggr now I just plan on using it to get around. 




 They need new merch. I wanted a galantis shirt but all they have are four shirts in weird cuts with the seafox which is a cool mascot but not something I want on a shirt tbh 




 If you go on their website www.wearegalantis.com/pharmacy you can listen to one song a day but it cuts you off 2/3s of the way through  




 What would you say the max rider weight for the Maestro is? I've been fluxuating around 180-190 recently and I'm worried that it may have a bit too much flex. Also for wheels  I was originally thinking  Kegels but 80mm might be too big, so 70mm 78a bustin premiers, 75mm 80a orangatang durians, 69mm 80a orangatang cages, or 70mm 86a orangatang stimulus? 

I want to order everything off bustin's site for simplicity's sake and because it's slightly cheaper than muirskate but I guess I'm not opposed to getting the deck and trucks from bustin and the wheels and bearings (zealous rather than bustin abec7s) from muirskate if you guys have a better idea for wheels.

This'll be my third board but first true longboard. 




 Even if it is paid advertising we get to hear a fire unreleased song and good edm is what this sub is all about. Much love brah  




 Coachella and an unreleased song? You lucky sonofabitch 




 Shit now I need to find a girl to fall in front of  




 What shoes are you guys wearing? Just wore out my vans 




 Did that in front of a couple girls a few weeks ago...... Pride was hurting real bad. 




 Fred Meyer and the internet. 




 Bustin Maestro!  




 Maybe it's a numbers thing. Try it enough times and it's bound to pay off occasionally. 




 Manning was kind of a weird case tbh. He didn't really have a purpose behind the leaks like Snowden did. He kind of just grabbed a random assortment of classified documents  that covered a pretty wide variety of topics and said fuck it lets leak this shit. None of the manning documents really had anything to do with American civil liberties.  




 The back channels are definitely cool to explore but I've never seen any crawdads 




 Watch the video a few more times. And pay attention to the moments right before the shooting. The kid stares at the officer for a good three seconds then says "nah fool" and lifts up his shirt and has his hand near his belt buckle in a manner that resembles that of a pistol being removed from a waistband, Yeah, the cop was too quick to draw but in this case it's not as simple as the cop executing an innocent kid for no reason. The kid has previously had suicidal tendencies, it's a very real possibility that he knew what he was doing. 




 A car doesn't provide cover. Any round larger than a .22 can cut through every part of a car but the engine block like butter. 




  Are they not in a higher position in the company than people in their first year or two? 

Yes they are but our original discussion wasn't about new bankers it was about the IB career as a whole and whether the avg GS investment banker eventually breaks seven figures. This is my final comment because this has been going in circles for quite a while now. 




 Sounds like the kid had previously experienced clinical depression. It's a very real possibility that he knew what he was doing and committed suicide by cop. 




 Same parking lot is definitely the way to go. The one I learned in was like 200 yards long and almost always empty. Had a subtle gradient too so I just had to push once and off I went learning to carve. 




 Bustin Maestro is kind of a do everything board as long as you're not planning on bombing any super gnarly hills. A complete is $200 from their website. 




 But laws like that don't prohibit people under a certain age from using it for medicinal purposes. Iirc in all the legal states kids w a script can still get weed.  




 Like nuts and screws or bearings and bushings? They probably carry nuts and screws in the size you need. But I'm not sure about bushings or bearings you should probably just go to a skate shop for those. 

Edit: Just checked the guide and saw that you're talking about nuts and washers and screws. If you're looking for speed rings for your wheels I doubt they'll have those, but they should definitely have the other stuff. Just make sure to either figure out what diameter and length screws you need ahead of time or bring your setup so you can ask them for help. 




 To be fair according to his wiki he studied econ in college but ya this is a joke 




 Down a dry waterslide? 




 What LEDs did you get? The only lights I could find that didn't need to be plugged in had a big bulky battery pack attached. 




 You can buy light up wheels and my guess is that for the blue he glued a couple LED strips to the underside of the board. 




 Sector 9 also has light ups but idk if you can buy them seperately or if they only come on the mini 80s boards 




 No they turn on as soon as enough friction is being generated by your wheels spinning 




 almost took a stop sign to the dome haha gotta wear those helmets 




 Yeah idk it's confusing me too haha  




 
Your first statement made me think that you didn't fully know what a partner is. Maybe you can see why in the context of the conversation I thought that. Maybe I read your comment wrong. 

You: 

I never said that the higher ups, like partners, arent paid that much...

Me:

 The partners they're talking about are not equity partners, but rather salaried partners which are essentially just senior staff members.

You:

Why do you keep assuming I dont know this shit? ... you think I don't what a salaried partner is

But whatever bro I'm done because this conversation is leading nowhere and you're being a bit of a jerk. I'm sorry I came across as condescending but education is a part of any argument. 




 Teebooooowwwwwwww 









 I'm not being condescending unless disagreement is now considered condescending but whatever fuck it I'm done. 

Your comment about how I'm just embarrassing myself (by stating the truth?) was unquestionably condescending though. 




 I believe the only scenario where breach of an NDA can lead to jail time is in the case of corporate espionage. 




 The infinite scrolling is just annoying though. I like having pages I can quickly jump to. 




 Off topic but what does the * denote? I've seen it before when people talk about trans issues. 




 Well now you're just being an asshole but I see where the misunderstanding is coming from. It sounds like you don't fully understand the terminology of corporate America. Partner =/= to owner or executive. The partners they're talking about are not equity partners, but rather salaried partners which are essentially just senior staff members. When it comes to law firms and investing firms all roads lead to partner and if you don't get there you fucked up somewhere along the line. If we're still discussing the original topic, which was whether the average GS investment banker eventually breaks seven figs, then the link is correct. From your comment I gather that what you believe is that making partner is to finance as getting a managerial or rare promotion is to other fields. In investing it's essentially a title given to employees that have made it past the probationary (analyst) and junior (associate) phases of employment. Think of it not as a title for a department head with the same powers as the owner or equity partners, but as a title for a project leader that answers to the equity partners. They head up a team of analysts and associates to facilitate IPOs, mergers, etc. 




 No such thing as a stupid question around here. Yeah a hit is one inhalation of whatever you're smoking out of, so one draw on a joint, one bing rip, one pipe pull, etc 




 I think the bigger problem is that it's an awful fire hazard  




 Dude wtf does it take to appease you? That very article I just linked shows the earnings range for investment bankers, 500k-20m. Analysts and associates are not IBs that's why they're not making bookoo bucks.  




 The bonus is just something they get. It's not guarunteed, but there's an expectation that they'll get it. The commission (.1-7% depending on project) is written into their contract. They're seperate things. Think of the bonus a sort of pat on the back for getting through the year without burning out and the commission as an earned augmentation of their salary that's guarunteed if they complete a deal.

http://www.wallstreetoasis.com/salary/investment-banking-compensation

An analyst is hired fresh out of undergrad, an associate is someone that is either promoted from an analyst position or hired from an MBA program. They have more power but they're still doing grunt work. After a bit associates are either promoted to managing director (investment banker), to vp of a dept, or they decide investment banking hours are retardedly long and they make the transition to brokerage or hedge management. The pay range for all those positions including bonuses and commission is in that link. Bare in mind that GS is one of the most lucrative firms in the world so their employees' earnings will be on the high end of those. 




 But again that's before commission. Obviously wall st as a whole does not average seven figure earnings but within the  premise of this thread we'retalking about investment bankers because the dead guy was an IB analyst. Investment bankers are the rockstars of wall st. A single IB can bring in more money each year than a high traffic brick and mortar branch of the bank. Investment bankers at top firms do usually take home seven figures *after commission* because they are the bank's top earners. When looking at how much people in finance make you have to look at the commission because that's usually the main source of income for bankers and brokers.  The base salary is just a contingency for if the market crashes.

But now picture the investment banker: he sells companies for millions, hundreds of millions, or even billions of dollars.

Deals worth less than $1 billion might come with a 1% commission, while deals worth more than that will scale down to around 0.1%.

But even 0.1% of $50 billion is $50 million.

So thats part 1 of why investment bankers make so much money: high-priced items with high commissions.

http://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/investment-bankers-make-money/ 




 http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2013/03/13/how-much-do-wall-streeters-really-earn/

A firm is going to know if a VP shares their salary with a site like glass door which would be a direct violation of their NDA and get them fired or transferred. They wouldn't risk that. That's why it's inaccurate. 




 Because they're wrong and slightly deceptive. You can't honestly believe that a VP of any dept at one of the largest banks in the world is pulling less than 200k can you? That's ridiculous..... Anyone in the industry will tell you that's horseshit. The analyst figure is deceptive. Base salary ranges from 65-90k a year, but the industry standard is to also give them an annual bonus that's usually 70-100% of their salary, so even if their base salary is only 65k realistically they're making no less than 110k a year. A top performing recruit from an ivy school might make 180k their first year. After you get bumped up to a full IB position you might make anywhere from 100-250k base plus the yearly bonus plus 7% commission on every project you head up. 




 Capitalism is good, theres nothing wrong with it. Banking is constructive to society because it helps to move the economy and facilitate international trade. The problem isn't banking, but the people that do it. When the greed is successfully kept in check the finance industry is very helpful to society. 




 An analyst is essentially an entry level position. After you do a few years as an analyst you get bumped up to a job that'll pay seven figs like being a full fledged investment banker, but if you spend your entire career in an analyst position you're doing something wrong. 




 *A small fraction of finance majors pull millions. If you actually get a job at a top tier firm like GS, which only a small fraction do, and you stick with it you're basically guaranteed 250k + commission and bonuses by 25-30 and seven figures by 35.  




 He knew exactly what he was getting himself into when he took an analyst job at a top tier bank. 




 Yeah banks are starting to recruit at semi-target schools more often especially for their west coast offices because Stanford and berkeley grads keep dipping out after a year or two to work in Silicon Valley 




 Adderall and modafinil tend to be more effective in a work environment. 




 Industry standard on wall st for a first year IB analyst is a salary of 60-80k a year  with a bonus that's usually no less than 60% of their annual salary.  To get a job as a GS analyst he probably did an internship their at some point and interacted woth analysts. As much as I want to feel sorry for him this guy knew exactly what he was getting himself into. Anybody that can get a job at a top tier IB firm does  




 Because cops make a habit of killing people for their shoes? How about I give you a reality check. There are upwards of 14,000 civilian-on-civilian murders every year in this country. In Chicago 80% of murders are gang related. I have to imagine the stat is similar in some parts of LA. By comparison there are usually about 400 police shootings on average each year. Your line of thinking is the result of a profit driven agenda because the news has realized that cop shootings get people riled up. Couple that with the extreme bias and echo chamber effect of reddit and you've got a bunch of people acting on emotions rather than logic. If murders made the news at the samerate that police shootings do and you reacted the same way you'd think the US is a war zone. 




 I'm looking for a nice carvy drop thru set up to use as a commuter and for carving some mellow hills. So far I'm thinking Paris 180mm V2 50 for trucks, not sure on the wheels 78a or 80a, and then for the deck I've looked at the Arbor Mindset, Bustin Maestro and Maestro mini, and the Landyachtz Battle Axe 35. I found that I tend to prefer boards with a width of less than 9.5ish inches so that's why I'm looking at those. Since it's a commuter I def want to keep it under 40" but I've never owned a board longer than 30" so I want a true longboard this time. Any help with the setup would be great. 




 Damn bruh don't they have like 2000 calories? Haha 




 California? 




 The manslaughter trial would be but the family suing for damages, loss of income, emotional distress etc is civil. 




 Oh yeah OP is golden I was responding to the scenario where you gave someone alcohol and then they drove and killed someone and the vic's family was suing  




 In that scenario I believe it would be a transferrence of civil liability because we're talking about law suits. Civil law has a bunch of different rules including a different burden of proof requirement. 




 If it's just you it'll be a bit of a waste to use a blunt because you wont smoke all of it. Literally only one or two small bong or joint hits will be enough to get high. I would avoid the blunt/spliff too unless you have a good tobacco tolerance or it might make you extra dizzy. 




 And blocks the hippie grenades a bit 




 If you don't have a pipe screen then take a small piece of nug and press it into the bottom of the bowl, then put ground or torn weed on top. If it has a carb hole put a finger over the hole. Take your lighter and hover the flame over the bowl and then take a nice long hit. Hitting it should suck the flame into the bowl. When you're ready to inhale take your finger off the carb hole and suck. 




 I was watching a video of a NK tour and apparently they have a weird McDonald's type chain in Pyongyang. Idk if it's only open to tourists or what but ya 




 Ah I gather you're the business owner. I was originally gonna ask how you talked your boss into this but it all makes sense now. 




 http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_14_justifiable_homicide_by_weapon_law_enforcement_2009-2013.xls 




 No worries. So each figure listed on [this infograph](https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/reporting-rates) has a small number at the end. The number corresponds to the study they're citing to get their data. Tge studies are listed by number at the bottom of the page. 




 There are 400 police shootings a year on average. The FBI keeps track of these things so fear mongering people like you dont make up fake statistics to back your claims. Smh.... 




 Yes it's strange that the people we send out with guns to defend the general public from criminals kill more people than the general public most of whom, statistically speaking, will never witness a shooting in their life.......

Edit: also that stat is wrong by a gross overestimation there are 400 police involved shootings a year on average. 




 No it doesn't. The article was debunking  [this infographic](https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/files/2014/12/rapist_visualization_03.jpg w=480) that had been circulating Facebook and then shares the correct statistics, the ones I shared. 




 Yall are bad at making hot pockets  




 The large soda with so much ice that it's not even floating so it take like 2 good gulps to drink it all 




 Data is [compiled and placed into a graphic here](https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/reporting-rates). Sources of data are mentioned at the bottom and the sources include methodology if you're so included to check them all. Here's a [WashPo article that talks about the stats](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2014/12/09/the-truth-about-a-viral-graphic-on-rape-statistics/) that I mentioned.

Edit: forgot to mention that their sources are reputable. FBI and DOJ
 




 Right but reddit seems to  believe that a false rape accusation is somehow more life ruining than any other felony. And a shocking number of people on this website express that they fully expect either themself or someone they know to be falsely accused and convicted of rape at some point. The reality is that out of every 100 rapes 32 are reported and of those only 2 lead to a conviction. It is one of the most underreported felonies in the US and it has one of the lowest conviction rates of any major crime. 

The reality is that maybe 7% of rapes make it to trial and only 2% of rapists are convicted. The likelihood of a false rape accusation getting far enough to make the news is so low that it's almost funny how big of an issue reddit seems to think false rape accusations are. Most real accusations don't get that far. 




 Never experienced that or heard of anyone tipping gas station attendants in my 20 years in Oregon. 




 What? Trading on margin is the riskiest way to do it for all parties. Nobody that's established enough to have made a name for themselves in investing is trading on margin. 




 Witnesses are corroborating his story. For all intents and purposes this officer is a grade A douche but he's currently being backed up by multiple witnesses so it seems clean. 




 Marines get hundreds more hours of training and work in units of 4+ ?  




 I've still got love for Aoki. He went to my school, UCSB, and lived in a sort of multicultural hippie commune thing while he was there. UCSB is a big party school with a decent EDM scene and word is that he initially started making a name for himself by DJing parties out here. UCSB is a pretty good school too so that's why he sounds so... literate in his article about himself. I also heard that even though his dad owns the benihana fortune they cut him off when he became an adult with the exception of paying for college. 




 So there are some departments that do a shit job.

Tbh I wouldn't even say that. My guess is that most police shootings occur either in areas that border mexico/southern florida or large cities like Oakland, LA, NYC, Detroit, etc  which for certain socioeconomic reasons have more violent organized crime. 




 You're making the assumption that every single person killed by a cop is innocent and therefore needs to be made up for. In reality it's more likely that less than 5% of people shot by police didn't deserve it. 




 I think he's asking for proof from the guy claiming that he has a police brutality issue in his white suburb. 




 I didn't dv you but I'll bite. I think neon future has two distinct styles, two upbeat mood songs (I Love it When You Cry and Home We'll Go) and an outlier (Youth Dem Turn Up, not a big fan tbh). The first style is hoise but has some sort of trancy elements and includes Heaven On Earth and Light Years. The second style is closer to what you'd expect from Aoki, deep repetitive bass hits, fast, the type of shit you rage to, Hysteria and Lightning Strikes. Then there's Darker Than Blood which is another one of his linkin park collabs and I've never really known what to make of those. 




 I usually prefer lyft as a rider because I've found that the drivers tend to be happier but the few times I use lyft or uber usually ends up being during surge times so whichever has lower prices ends up dictating my choice. Consistent prices and setting a time ahead of time 
are the only two things I like about actual taxis. 




 The news is not supposed to be feel goodery time. It's supposed to be news.

This line of thinking is a product of the invention of the 24 hour news cycle. The news isn't supposed to make you feel any particular way. It can make you feel good, like if a cure for cancer was discovered, or it can make you feel bad like after 9/11, but the idea that you need hard hitting stories all the time kills the importance of actual news. The fact of the matter is that what most people think are hard hitting stories wouldn't even make the second page if news was actually filtered rather than posted one story after another in rapid succession only to be forgotten by the public domain in a matter of hours. 

Everything you just wrote from the first word reeks of brainwashing by a news cycle with an agenda. Do cops need to be held accountable? Sure. Is there any evidence that these so called "executions" are increasing in frequency or that there's an epidemic of police killing people? Absolutely not. It's just the latest in a long line of things that gets the public's attention so that's what the media is catering to. A few years ago it was school shootings, before that it was terrorism, before that drugs. 

I'm not a conspiracy theorist I don't believe that the media is evil, but it is profit driven so it has an agenda. Once you understand that and filter out overhyped stories accordingly you will understand the reality of the situation. The reality of this particular situation is that recently any police shooting from every town in the US that isn't 100% cut and dry is plastered on the front page of every major news outlet. If you were as quick to form a conclusion with everything as you are with this issue then within a week I could do the same thing and have you believing that every suburban white boy is destined to become a rapist, but you wouldn't believe that because it's not a rational line of thought. But for whatever reason a good chunk of the American public has decided to forego their critical thinking skills when it comes to this particular issue. 

/rant 




 Lawless was fire 




 Even worse is that it sounds like just a year ago maybe even more recently they thought he was cancer free so this particular bout had to have hit him pretty hard and fast. He was a good man. Would've made a good governer, maybe even a good president. 




 For variable A choose united states total for variable B choose violent crime rate. There ya go raw data.

http://www.ucrdatatool.gov/Search/Crime/State/RunCrimeTrendsInOneVar.cfm 




  So 110/100,000 FTE is possible.

No it's not. In mathematics and statistics when people say rate they almost always mean %. When talking about losing a physical object, ie a person, you cant have a rate that's greater than 100% because ot means that youve lost more of them than physically exist. A 110% fatality rate means that for every 100k workers 110k of them die. 110 deaths per capita, yes, that's possible but that's already listed on the left column so it doesn't make sense for them to put it in the rightmost column under rates.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-violent-crime-1970s-level-20141110-story.html

There's an article confirming the violent crime rate. We're currently at 1978 levels. 









 His dad saw his vinegar strokes, he saw into his soul, and at that moment he realized what type of man his son would become. 




 That stat on crime rate was just for violent crime so any affect the introduction of any new drug laws had on that crime rate is indirect at best. The data you linked is compiled weirdly. They've got a profession with a 110 fatality rate which is simply not possible. My hunch is that the software they used didn't account for the # of workers column standing for X thousands so the raw data is actually the least accurate way of looking at it. The graph in the article I linked was based off of the BLS data you linked but they normalized the fatality rates. 




  You're arguing what ifs. The statistics say that being a LEO is one of the least lethal careers a person can choose. Hell an officer worker has a higher fatality rate/hour worked than a LEO does.

Utter, utter, utter, bullshit. This statement is categorically false no matter which way you look at it. [Law enforcement is the 15th most dangerous career in the US based on deaths per 100k workers](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/). The only reason law enforcement isn't in the top 5 is because LE agencies take precautions to protect their officers like having them work in pairs, giving them EMS training and combat training, and giving them protective clothing. You'll notice that almost every single profession that's more dangerous than law enforcement (notice that no office work is included on that list) is in a field where time is money so managers are more likely to try to skirt safety requirements so that they can increase their profits. LEOs are also unionized so they have someone that advocates for more safety precautions. 

 Society is not violent. In fact society is becoming less violent each day that passes. The only area where violence is increasing is violence committed by LEOs.

Again this is bullshit. In the United States there is:

* A murder every 35.6 minutes

* A forcible rape every 6.2 minutes

* A robbery every 1.4 minutes

* An aggravated assault every 40.5 seconds

* A burglery every 14.6 seconds

The crime rate may be going down but that just means we are in a transitional period. Today's world is very much a violent one. Gangs in LA, Baltimore, NYC, and Detroit initiate middle and [high schoolers](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2010-03-12/news/bal-md.ci.arrest12mar12_1_gang-initiation-gang-member-bloods) by having them kill someone, a stranger, a cop, [a friend, these people don't give a fuck. They are animals.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X_PtJwNu3Q) Don't pretend that we live in a safe world. Don't try to downplay the danger involved in police work because statistically it is more dangerous than firefighting. And don't kid yourself about the crime rate going down. Yes, it's low compared to recent years but that's because the crime rate shot up during the crack epidemic. The current crime rate is still higher than it was in 1970. 




 Honestly I don't plan to vote for Hillary based on her politics and character alone, but I'm pretty sure old Bill is what's going to end up keeping her out of the White House. 




 Cat. 




 Would you mind explaining why it's moronic? We live in a violent world. It's foolish to think that cops should never have to kill someone. 




 Your people also haven't had a line of duty death since 2013 whereas we had upwards of 50 last year alone. 




 According to [this](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_police_officers_killed_in_the_line_of_duty) there hasn't been a line of duty death in Britain since 2013 so they're considerably lower. 




 Other G-7 countries don't have 88 legally owned firearms per 100 people. The US is a unique case. It can't be compared to other countries. The only other country with a similar rate of gun ownership is Switzerland but there's a fundamental difference in gun culture that makes them impossible to compare. 




 Well according to ODMP.org, in 2014, if we exclude K9s, there were 47 line of duty deaths by gunfire, 10 by vehicular assault, and 2 by assault. And according to OPs article so far there have been more than usual this year, but usually about 400 people are killed by officers each year. Obviously this is by no means a perfect way of measuring this but the ratio of cops killed to criminals killed by cops in 2014 is 59:~400 so 1:6.78. When you consider that cops are trained and criminals usally have no formal weapons or combat training it seems like 6.7 criminals killed for every 1 cop killed is a reasonable statistic. Especially considering the FBI estimates that there were 14,196 murders in 2013. 




 It's not always possible to restrain them. In fact I would say that in the case of most police shootings it was not possible to restrain them. Your use of the word execute sort of implies that you believe that when a cop kills someone they are choosing to be judge jury and executioner, and not simply defending themselves. You are wrong.

* [Example #1](http://i.imgur.com/o8Dmo6K.gifv) Warning NSFW, very disturbing shows an officer being killed.

* [Example #2](http://i.imgur.com/y2OaBox.gifv) 

* [Example #3](http://i.imgur.com/cYtUMHk.gifv) 




 But why do you think that is? Perhaps it's because police departments take precautions to protect their officers, all are given guns, generally work in pairs, backup is usually nearby, bullet proof vests, etc and police are unionized so they have people advocating for them.

[Here's the list of the most danferous jobs in the US](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/). Police officers still make the top 20 ahead of fire fighters soeven with all those precautions their job is dangerous. The jobs ahead of them are things like fishing, electrical work, logging, and construction. If you've ever met anyone in those professions they'll tell you that things are made dangerous by bosses that want to keep costs down by skirting safety precautions. 

Also I think just measuring by deaths per 100k is a poor metric because who's more likely to be stuck with a used needle and contract a disease? Or hit by a car and paralyzed? Or get PTSD, or depression, or alcoholism, or any of the other mental illnesses that have a higher prevalence among cops than the gen population?
 









 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




   I now know he ordered a hitman to try and kill people. Even so if you look about the net you will see similar cases of people who didn't get life for the same crime.

I mean not really, maybe very rarely. Under federal sentencing guidelines murder in the first degree carries a minimum sentence of life in prison. Six counts of attempted first degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder most certainly makes him worthy of life. If he had succesfully carried out a hit there would be no debate, but somehow because the hits were fake reddit believes that he should be free and clear.  




 DPR was the one to bring up the idea of using a hitman. He was talking to the guy about someone that owes them money and then DPR essentially said "he's a liability idgaf if he gets executed." Then while negotiating the price of that hit DPR mentions that he paid 80k for a previous hit. At one point the hitman asked if there was another solution because murder draws a lot of attention and DPR maintained that a hit is the only solution. He's a stone cold killer and deserves no sympathy. 




