  But you must keep repeating them because the truth that this is wrong gnaws at you.

Hit the nail right on the head. 









 Father issues! 



















 At times I felt Fisk "wanted it more," making him a great villain.

I know what you mean, misguided dude who believes that his methods are right, but sometimes when he talked about it, I felt it was all a facade. Or maybe it's the bias that he's a villain.
 



















 Love the idea of that suspend tab extension. Installed, and hoping it will work. 









 That's awesome! Where are you putting it? 




 He's young. He'll grow into it. 




 But don't we sweat out the water when we drink beer? Right back into the atmosphere... 









 "A bit" is an understatement even. 


































 I just hope the goldfish will live a really long life after this. 









 I wonder if they still require an adult to accompany a kid. 




 This. 









 Whatever it is, I wouldn't touch it! 









  Most the true NBA fans I know revere the Spurs.

Same here. The Spurs may not be their favorite team, but they respect us. And about the "boring" part the OP mentioned, we've always been low key compared to the other superstars. But that's how we do things. 









 That fixed it. Thank you!!! 









 I don't know if it's just me, but "favorite natural disaster" just sounds wrong! 














 I've been playing the game on the iPad for eons, and while it crashes occasionally, a restart does the trick. 

This morning, when I woke up and started the game, it would just crash after the Lex Luthor quote. Over and over again.

I even uninstalled it, but same thing. I restored a backup of the iPad, hoping the issue would be fixed, but to no avail.

Anyone has the same issue and/or a fix? 














 Fair play, though this post put together some highlights for those who don't want to go through the whole thing. 




 Hard to say at this point. They have been creating new story arcs for some of the characters, and while some don't like it, I think it keeps the show interesting. Also makes one want to re-read the books, if only there were enough time. 



















 Okay that's amazing. THANK YOU! 
























 Darn it. I totally missed the game due to time zone difference!!! Thank goodness for this thread. Thumbs up guys...esp. the Duncan GIF. 














 King Koopa, yes! 














 He needs time to heal. Especially if we make it through this round.  









 Sleep well! 




 We've got this, guys. Till next time!

Edit: Timmy IS the man. 




 OMG! We can do this!
Edit: I'll take old Timmy any day. 




 Go, go, go!!! 




 NOOOOOO, Timmy. NOOOO! 




 "Tony not returning for final 3 minutes..."
He shouldn't have been there much earlier. 




 F#ck F#ck F#ck 




 Ulcers, asthma attack - name it 




 Can watch that over and over again! 




 "It's off the foot. It's off the foot...of a player."
D'oh! 




 Thanks, it's back up. Had to reset the box. Phew! 




 And my cable just died!!! 




 Fina-fucking-ly. 




 SERIOUSLY!? I can't believe how they're missing all those shots. 




 AND 3s! 




 He should be taken out now! 




 Let's not get complacent now! 




