 what is that 




 2.10 at Kampton 




 Prove to a small tribe i was a god ? what else could i do 




 my friend was in george looney film sais it was lonely as the germans didn't speak to him 




 One guy in a bar was being a cunt to my friends and my future wife was there. He was big and able to handle himself. I headbutted him n the en and send him to the ground. He got up and beat me but it was nice to have done it. 

Guy changed a lot over time and is now quite nice, 




 There is no choice in the matter.  




 lol 




 many parents do and no it is not mental issues they just don tlike them 




 what? where is post? 




 way too much am in the doghouse now  




 ahhaha 




 oh this is not even a thing - hatred of the news media, it is insane

piracy a second 




 that first drink in the morning 




 hangovered 




 was the question anal intercourse in the bum? 




 damn good looking chap in his day 




 no they broke rules about personal info and hatred  




 hi tom 




 It's just pain. It's rude. It hurts people. It kills.  




 I will look into it. Maybe I will solve it.  




 tell you rstory 




 he is a curious person i lke ths sex pistols 




 I saw that on the front of this sub why do they hate ellen is it her show or something? 




 there are plenty news agencies worth looking at stop looking at the fox and the others maybe read a paper  




 yeah I hate you too

joke

i understand  




 I used to think leave people practice their religions but now I think it might be better to try and push people away from it gently no force as that causes cults  




 Enjoy it cause it is just short and pain 




 did he have a movie or a show about him? 




 they have much baggage  




 Like to be in a easy relationship in between finding someone better 




 Hollywood homicide has han solo fucking glass 




 Great story! Thanks for linking the story in the papers! 




 totally, it's crazy how few agencies are reporting on this at a high level 




 thats cool man 




  John Landis 
#Titanic? 




 cool, the old italian way, ends up scoring 20 goals, moves somewhere big and does ok, then back to smaller club does awesome

crouch should come to italy

he needs some pasta 




 No today, was very sick a while 




 yeah you could do that too

 




 Yes 




 I think too easy to say some weird expermintal film but man have you seen guy ritchie film revolver? I have watched 28 times now and I still dont understand it. 




 Well, google 




 living my life as best as I can 





































































 This is cool. How writing can change your individual life due to focussing on goals and achievements  









 I haven't seen se7en 














 yeah it is depressing

superhero bullshit is automatically up to the top. anything meaningful or deep buried in the depths 




 $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 




 how has this no upvotes 









 to clean  and maintain these robot overlords 














 ok 




 he was caught 
























 Thats what I posted in the link above. WTF 




 has been arrested now 









 Long article about the rise of ketamine which is made in this town in china, made in all peoples houses too, really good read. Don;t do drugs folks. 









 If he went to PSG would Veratti move? 









 you make it sound like it is a good thing 




 spyfall was great

 




 woah there nelly 




 fucking cunts aren't they

 




 Behind the scenes about the new documentary that is coming out about the guys who fight the cartels. This is really interesting and insane. Insane and interesting. 



















 I was hoping for a sexy press conference where everyone dressed up as bears 




 I saw this on the twitter and thought of you.  









 AWESOME

AWESOME PLAYER

MADE OF STEEL AND GRIT AND FINESSE 

 




 can we do this for all the movies posts 



















 2 more cases in liberia now 









 LOL very good 









 this is awesome, the best 









 Says 20 to me 




 Some good points in this. But I expect many will just downvote it cause ads are bad. Funny stuff 














 no deep down he is a known pederast and an alcoholic and beats his wife 




 How long does it take the moon to crow? 




 Liquid Ejaculating Dicks  









 Guardian Review here http://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/jul/09/ptit-quinquin-review-bruno-dumont-acid-black-comedy-in-small-town-france 
































































 That's not the reason 




 DONT GET THE MATH 




 The comments.  



















