 Apocalypse Now (1979) and Fitzcarraldo (1982) are two movies that had quite troubled productions, but they turned out great in the end. 




 Check out the posters at https://www.polishposter.com and see if you can find any cool ones, maybe from some movies you yourself like. A lot of great stuff there. 




 From Wikipedia:   


*"On September 5, 2014, Paramount announced that Terminator Genisys would be the first film in a new stand-alone trilogy, with two sequels scheduled for release on May 19, 2017 and June 29, 2018. On February 24, 2015, Schwarzenegger confirmed that he will return for the first sequel."*    

If you use Google, you'll find some more information. 




 Some of my top favourites:    

* A Zed   Two Noughts (1985): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U21lhxlvYF4       
* Dead Man (1995): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx3ajYfbzcw                     
* Once Upon a Time in the West (1968): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6BQKFs3-VM             
* Silence Has No Wings (1966): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBB1vlExQFo            
* The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9yIkWGmZ1g          




 A very diverse list. Nice to see many of my favourites from the 90s, especially the movies from Ming-liang, Rivette, Herzog, Tarr, Kiarostami, Makhmalbaf, Panahi, and some others. 




 Under 90 minutes:    

1. Winter Light (1963)   
2. Pickpocket (1959)  
3. Persona (1966)   
4. A Woman Is a Woman (1961)    
5. Mouchette (1967)    
   

Over 200 minutes:   

1. Andrei Rublev (1966)     
2. Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975)   
3. Shoah (1985)   
4. Seven Samurai (1954)    
5. World on a Wire (1983)    




 I think the majority of people hanging out in this subreddit have already seen it. 




 Here you go: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamlet_on_screen 




 This is embarrassing. I don't know if I should feel sorry for the one who wrote that, but someone needs to do their homework. 




 Have you seen The Sword of Doom (1966) and Three Outlaw Samurai (1964)? Two other great Japanese samurai films. 




 TSPDT is the definitive answer: http://www.theyshootpictures.com/ 




 Well, you are kind of asking about two different things here. For me, I think it was L'eclisse (1962) by Michelangelo Antonioni that made me appreciate cinema on a deeper level. But it's hard to give a specific answer, because we don't know anything about her taste or background. Has she seen movies by directors like Tarkovsky, Ozu, Mizoguchi, Antonioni, Bergman, Kiarostami, Haneke, Lynch, Kubrick, Truffaut or any other big, great, interesting or important director? What has she seen? Does she need something a little bit like movies by Hitchcock, Coppola or Scorsese that's perhaps more accessible than for example Tarkovsky or Antonioni? Where does she stand? Has she seen many classics? 




  Force Majeure(Swiss)

Not a Swiss movie, it's Swedish. 




 If you want some great and puzzling movies that aren't concerned with overexplaining everything to the viewer, I would suggest these:   

* Eden and After (1970)    
* Last Year at Marienbad (1961)   
* The Limits of Control (2009)      









 I can't answer your first question, but I can really recommend the Bergman box set, three really great films, two of his absolutely best ones as well. About the Dreyer set, there's a Blu-ray collection BFI released recently that has all of the films that are in the Criterion box, also the same documentary. It's not that pricy right now, could be worth looking into. 









 No, it won't. It's a documentary. That top list only includes feature films. 




 Le rvlateur (1968) by Philippe Garrel is superb. 




 If you like Barry Lyndon (1975) and Mr. Turner (2014), I would suggest checking out The Go-Between (1971), The Draughtsman's Contract (1982) and Nightwatching (2007). 




 1. Norte, the End of History (2013)   
2. The Turin Horse (2011)   
3. The Day He Arrives (2011)   
4. Amour (2012)   
5. The Act of Killing (2012)   




 You should check out The Straight Story (1999) by David Lynch, it's quite similar to Nebraska (2013). 




 Well, it depends. If you are into Resnais and Robbe-Grillet (who wrote the script) and have studied their films a bit, then maybe not. I know that many viewers find the film quite incomprehensible though. With that said, it's not a film that's in any way "easy". 




 Well, rarely have I seen a movie that explores the problems of our existence (mostly communication) and the impossibility to know another person as good as Hiroshima mon amour (1959), because it really does it in such interesting ways. It has much to do with memories, time, space, and subjectivity, and the premise with two lovers from different countries together with the war perspective gives it a rich and nuanced look at all those things. I really like how the film is about opposites and contradictions, which you can get to know directly as it starts as well as the differences between the lovers and many other things. Also, it discusses those things very well. It's a bit hard talking about it without spoiling everything to you, but I assure you it's a special movie! The cinematography is beautiful as well as the music, and the whole story is cleverly told with memories, flashbacks, the past, voice-overs, and the present.      

It's hard to compare it to other films, because I think it's really unique. It's mostly similar to Last Year at Marienbad (1961), that was also directed by Resnais. Other than that, I can think of Silence Has No Wings (1966) by Kazuo Kuroki, Farewell to the Summer Light (1968) by Yoshishige Yoshida, and maybe The Mirror (1975) by Andrei Tarkovsky. 




 Quentin Tarantino borrows quite heavily (and even copies) from other directors and films. Whether it be from Jean-Luc Godard, Japanese samurai movies, Hong-Kong action, exploitation movies, martial arts films, or spaghetti-westerns. So a lot of what you see in his films are homages to films he himself admires. He gets a lot of credit of being original, which I think he really doesn't deserve. A big majority of his fans have never even heard about the films he borrows from.    

But yeah, there's some other examples worth mentioning. I'd like to take three of my favourites for the moment:      

* Yasujir Ozu    
A quite unique director. He mostly positioned his camera very low, often only one foot above the ground or a little higher. This was called the "tatami shot", something he is credited for inventing. Also, he rarely moved the camera, almost nothing at all if you go further into his career. One other thing he was known for was breaking the 180-degree rule, so when he filmed conversations, the camera would look directly into the characters, placing the viewer in the middle of the scene. These are just some of the small things that set him apart from many other filmmakers.  

* Robert Bresson   
Instead of having myself repeat everything I've said about this man, I'll link to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueFilm/comments/3amtws/how_can_i_get_robert_bresson/cse44vs) answer that I gave in another subreddit concerning a discussion about him. There's some stuff written down in the English Wikipedia article what sets him apart from others as well. There's literally no one like Bresson, because he invented his own "rules" and idea of filmmaking.    

* Yoshishige Yoshida   
A director that really deserves more attention. I you look at films like Farewell to the Summer Light (1968), Eros Plus Massacre (1969), Heroic Purgatory (1970), or Confessions Among Actresses (1971), you can see Yoshida has a very distinct style, at least he had it pretty much in the sixties. He often emphasized corners, placing the camera in a lot of different positions where others rarely did. His mise en scne is quite special in how he placed characters, where the placed the camera and how he edited everything. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiOnETIFQCY)	is a great example from the opening sequence in Heroic Purgatory (1970).   

There's plenty others to mention too, like Wong Kar-wai, Andrei Tarkovsky, Theo Angelopoulos, Jean-Pierre Melville, Peter Greenaway, Kenji Mizoguchi, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Jacques Tati, Jean-Luc Godard, Tsai Ming-liang, Shji Terayama, Stan Brakhage, Bla Tarr, Aki Kaurismki, Sharunas Bartas, Roy Andersson, Sergio Leone, Dario Argento etc. And you have of course the more classic filmmakers that had unique styles as well, like Alfred Hitchcock and Stanley Kubrick, to name two. 









 Diabolique (1955). 




 Yeah, I've seen it. It's a nice little road movie with interesting characters and a warm feeling overall. It's interesting that the movie was released by Walt Disney Pictures, heh. I wouldn't call it one of the best pictures from David Lynch though, but as I said, it's of course not bad at all. 









 I would suggest watching the the even longer version that runs at 251 minutes. There's big differences. The US version that clocks in at 139 minutes is totally rearranged so that the narrative is in chronological order, which just butchers the non-chronological story the film has from the beginning. Maybe I shouldn't spoil everything they cut, but it's a lot, and this just makes the film lose a lot of what's actually good in it. And if you ask me, you absolutely don't have the epic feeling in the shorter versions, which is kind of essential for the film from the start. 




 Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion (1970) by Elio Petri. Cool soundtrack by Morricone and an amazing performance by Gian Maria Volont. Great use of flashback scenes mixed with the viewpoint from the protagonist. Even funny at times, especially because of how absurd the situation is. A lovely dark satire about police investigations, corruption and standing above the law. Also a commentary about the Italian government in the late 1960s and early 70s. This one really sticks with you! 




 http://www.blu-ray.com/ is good. 




 Yeah, Black Narcissus (1947) is absolutely another one of their best looking films. Don't forget to check out The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp (1943) as well, also in Technicolor. 




 Not my favourite movie by Powell   Pressburger, but it's certainly not bad at all! The dance scenes are really cool and it's interesting how they are integrated in the whole movie. And yeah, the colors are just gorgeous.   

Here's two essays about it that could interest you:     

http://www.criterion.com/current/posts/1518-the-red-shoes-dancing-for-your-life     
http://www.criterion.com/current/posts/51-the-red-shoes 




 The Intouchables (2011). 




 I would suggest Late Ozu. If you ask me, it's the best one of those. You get five fine Ozu films, what's not to like about that? 




 Judging by the posters, this could very much end up being the best movie of all time. Just kidding. 




 Have you seen The Purple Rose of Cairo (1985)? Also directed by Woody Allen, so it's a quite similar when it comes to those fantasy elements. 




 Out of those on your list, I would recommend Odd Man Out (1947) and Three Outlaw Samurai (1964). You get in my opinion of the best British film noirs and one of the best samurai movies. 




 Yeah, of course. Two of my absolute favourite biopics are Andrei Rublev (1966) and Eros Plus Massacre (1969), both masterpieces in my opinion. I feel that Eros Plus Massacre (1969) is a bit overlooked too, so it could as well fit in into a list like that. 




 Edvard Munch (1974) by Peter Watkins is really, really good. Great to see it mentioned. A biopic I would rank very high. I love Watkin's documentary form and how he uses it to explore ideas that didn't only put Munch in the focus, but rather the time period and the people that lived in it. 




 * A Zed   Two Noughts (1985): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U21lhxlvYF4     
* Dead Man (1995): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx3ajYfbzcw    
* Once Upon a Time in the West (1968): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6BQKFs3-VM    
* Silence Has No Wings (1966): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBB1vlExQFo     
* The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9yIkWGmZ1g    




 That movie is so good. Very existential. Would love a Blu-ray release of it, it really deserves it. 




 Really? Then you have missed something! It's set in the Philipines in 1945, at the end of WWII. Abandoned by their command and facing starvation, the Japanese Imperial Army are being reduced to small groups hiding in the jungles. In the midst of this, the situation just gets worse when some of the men go insane and resort to murder and cannibalism. We get to follow Tamura, a soldier who tries to survive without giving up his own principles. It's a must see. 




 Fires on the Plain (1959) by Kon Ichikawa. A really devastating, nightmarish, dirty, chaotic and absurd depiction of war and what it does to people. 




 Tokyo Story (1953) is one of Ozu's best films and just has to be seen. It's a mellow, beautiful, tragic and very important post-war film, as it explores family matters in a very nuanced and rich way, setting the old against the new, something which Ozu often did and gave us at the same time a glimpse into Japanese culture and the everyday lives of people. It's also shot in an uncompromising matter with many excellent and static shots. Nothing is rushed. And yeah, two of my favourite actors, Chish Ry and Setsuko Hara are in it as well and both are doing some of their best performances. They have those faces that look so friendly that you just can't hate them. Pick it up! 




 Clo from 5 to 7 (1962) by Agns Varda is great. For those who haven't seen it, it's about a French singer, who is afraid of getting the result of a test from her doctor. She thinks she has cancer and that she'll die. The whole movie takes place in Paris where we follow her for two hours while she is wandering through the streets and meeting people. 




 To be honest, I can't think of any I actually would like to see. There's enough already and there's new reboots coming almost all the time. I'd rather see movies not connected with past franchises coming. These big franchises that are getting revived on and on nowadays are mostly unoriginal and contain very generic forms of repetition, whether it's in ideas, narratives, stories, characters or form, it's rarely that you actually see something that actually stands out in terms of how they are made. Of course, this can apply to movies that aren't based on these franchises as well, but then you have at least something free from the start, and not something that's following certain formulas. 




 The Seventh Continent (1989) by Michael Haneke.             

Here's what I wrote about it in another subreddit too, if someone is wondering why:     


 For those who haven't seen it, it's about a middle-class couple that's living together with their daughter. They dream of escaping to Australia to start a new life. Their current life is monotonous and full of routines, but they decide to do something about it one day. First of all, I love the form and how uncompromising it is. There is no soundtrack, so the little music that exists in the film is diegetic. The color palette is very dry and bleak, just like the overall atmosphere. Haneke takes his time by telling the story with long and static takes instead of moving the camera, which I'm a big fan of, I think that just adds to the form and connects well with the monotonous life of the family. There's no clear answers, which I also admire Haneke for, he is great when it comes to asking important questions and making his audience think and feel.           
There's no other movie that made me feel as much as this one. It's just crushing. It's like a punch in the gut. The Seventh Continent (1989) also gives some interesting discussions about alienation, existentialism, society and materialism. One of my favourite scenes is the one with the family sitting and just staring while their TV is on with the song "The Power of Love" playing, a wonderful juxtaposition considering the nihilistic tone and depressing atmosphere the movie actually has.
I can go on talking about it a bit more, but I'm not going to spoil out everything here, so this will do as for now. In my opinion, this movie is simply amazing and a true masterpiece.   




  You're averaging 3 or more movies a day?!   

Something like that, maybe. I don't know the exact average number.      


 This is part of your day job, right?    

No, it isn't. 




 No. I use Filmtipset and ICheckMovies to rate and keep track of what I've seen. 




 The Story of Film: An Odyssey (2011). 




 535, but then I'm not counting rewatched movies. 




 I don't think he cares, he's still making a shitload of money. As long as people pay for his movies, critics are probably his least concern. 




 * A Zed   Two Noughts (1985)      
* Dead Man (1995)     
* Once Upon a Time in the West (1968)     
* Silence Has No Wings (1966)      
* The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966)       




 Thumbs up. Great trilogy. Love me some Fassbinder. 




 * Naked (1993)    
* Rififi (1955)   
* Wings of Desire (1987) 
* World on a Wire (1973)   

I would narrow it down to those. All of them are great, especially Naked (1993) and Wings of Desire (1987). I remember that it didn't take long until I rewatched Naked (1993) after the first time I saw it. It's really dark with bits of comedy as black as the rest of the film. Johnny is one of the most interesting protagonists I've ever seen. He's just so broken, quite like the rest of the people he is meeting. The whole film is filled with sharp dialogue and never gets boring. David Thewlis did an amazing performance. It really sticks with you. There's really something special about it!    

And Wings of Desire (1987) is a very nice pick as well. One of Wim Winder's best ones. Philosophical, a bit romantic and beautiful cinematography to enjoy. Charming, cool, thoughtful and full of emotion. 




 A movie that's underrated isn't the same thing as a movie that most people haven't heard of. You could say that a movie most people haven't heard of is unknown, but underrated is a whole different thing. Underrated is something you can apply to a movie that the majority of people don't like, or to a movie that you feel isn't rated high enough, it doesn't have to do with how known or unknown it is. 









 It ends. 




 It actually takes place during the Middle Ages as well, but it's mostly a bit uncertain when it actually took place, but in contrast with Andrei Rublev (1966) that has a timeline and is based around a real person, Marketa Lazarov (1967) is based on a legend. The movie has a strong vibe of religion too, as it's set against the backdrop of Christianity replacing Paganism. There's also a feud between two rival medieval clans, somewhat like in Andrei Rublev (1966) where you have the rivalry between the princes and Tatars. So there's even some similar content on the story side. 




 I'm glad to hear that! Feel free to let me know what you thought about it afterwards if you are going to watch it! 




 Strange, it works for me. I updated the link, try now? 




 I wouldn't say that either of them actually did amazing films from the beginning. It seems like a stretch to say that, but that's on the other hand my opinion. Anyways, I guess you could make a comparison like that if you want. Some people would probably agree with you. There's probably other directors that could fit in as well. In the end, it's mostly about taste. 




 This upcoming Yoshida box set that will be a limited edition is a must:   
http://www.arrowfilms.co.uk/shop/index.php?route=product/product keyword=kiju product_id=571%22 




 Really? I'm glad to hear that! It's truly unique and amazing. If you liked it that much, I really recommend checking out Woman in the Dunes (1964) by Teshigahara (the same director) as well. It's not a science fiction film, but it's just as brilliant as The Face of Another (1966) and also based on a book by Kb Abe.    

And about the titles, I think I'll just try it. 




 Not really. 




 You should watch Wild Strawberries (1957) by Ingmar Bergman. 









 Ant-Man (2015). 




 Because one likes statistics? I like to have everything I've seen written down and rated. I also have some other statistics, movies I've seen by decades, how many movies I've seen by every director, how many movies I've seen from different countries etc. It can be helpful in many ways. I myself have all my stats on a specific website, and that has certainly helped me to discover hundreds of new films and directors. So, that's some of the benefits. Depending on how you do it, it can help you discover a lot of new stuff. I also like to see how my taste develops with time. 




 Yes, indeed. I keep track of the movies I've watched and rate them as well. I have rated 3771 films so far. I rate them from 1 to 5, so I only have five different grades. 




 Oh. Yeah, man. Interstellar (2014) was so overly clear that it really twisted my brain when the movie on an on kept explaining everything to the audience. And yeah, Sucker Punch (2011) was so horrible that my brain literally exploded. What a twist! 




 Great! Yeah, that's some good stuff. Tarkovsky is my favourite director, what a man. A fun little trivia is that Konstantin Lopushanskiy was an assistant director to Stalker (1979). And his own movies are a bit similar to Tarkovsky's work, especially Tarkovsky's science fiction movies. 




 It's been like that a while. But luckily, there's movies made outside of Hollywood too. 




 Here's ten great foreign science fiction movies:   

* Fantastic Planet (1973) *(Ren Laloux)*   
* La jete (1962) *(Chris Marker)*  
* Letters from a Dead Man (1986) *(Konstantin Lopushanskiy)*   
* Metropolis (1927) *(Fritz Lang)*    
* Solaris (1972) *(Andrei Tarkovsky)*      
* Stalker (1979) *(Andrei Tarkovsky)*      
* The Face of Another (1966) *(Hiroshi Teshigahara)*  
* Visitor of a Museum (1989) *(Konstantin Lopushanskiy)*    
* Woman in the Moon (1929) *(Fritz Lang)*   
* World on a Wire (1973) *(Rainer Werner Fassbinder)*   

I especially recommend The Face of Another (1966), Solaris (1972) and Stalker (1979), because all those three are what I would consider some of the best movies of all time. 




 Marketa Lazarov (1967) is beautiful, a bit similar to Andrei Rublev (1966). 




 Right now it's mostly these five:   

* Cemetery of Splendor (2015) *(Apichatpong Weerasethakul)*     
* Our Little Sister (2015) *(Hirokazu Koreeda)*   
* Right Now, Wrong Then (2015) *(Hong Sang-soo)*      
* Sweet Red Bean Paste (2015) *(Naomi Kawase)*      
* Taxi (2015) *(Jafar Panahi)*      




 The Apu Trilogy by Satyajit Ray:    

* Pather Panchali (1955)   
* Aparajito (1957)    
* The World of Apu (1959)    

A great series that has three films with very connected plots. I have no idea if you are familiar with the films or if you have seen them, but it's some good stuff. There's been a lot of talk about the trilogy lately, mostly because of new restorations that have been screen recently. Also, Criterion Collection are releasing the trilogy on Blu-ray sooner or later. The first one was Satyajit Ray's first feature film, which is impressing if you look at the quality of the work.   

The three films form a very beautiful narrative, a bit of a coming of age-feeling about the the childhood, education and early maturity of a young Bengali boy named Apu in the early part of the 20th century where we start watching him growing up in poverty with his family. 




 The Seventh Continent (1989) is my favourite, I don't change it just because I'm drunk or whatever. 




  Why haven't they made a Mega Man live action film yet?   

Who? People? Eddie Lebron directed a live action movie called Megaman (2010). 




 I think people who are confused by his films mostly are those that don't have any deeper interest in films and cinema overall, the ones who don't watch movies so often. While I'm not a fan of Nolan, I find his films rather the opposite of confusing, I feel that they are too clear and that he explains too much with exposition in dialogue, voice-over etc. 




 Stalker (1979) and Letters from a Dead Man (1986). 




 Ten of my favourites:    

* Apocalypse Now (1979) *(Francis Ford Coppola)*    
* Army of Shadows (1969) *(Jean-Pierre Melville)*    
* Ashes and Diamonds (1958) *(Andrzej Wajda)*    
* Come and See (1985) *(Elem Klimov)*    
* Fires on the Plain (1959) *(Kon Ichikawa)*    
* Ivan's Childhood (1962) *(Andrei Tarkovsky)*        
* La Commune (Paris, 1871) (2000) *(Peter Watkins)*    
* The Ascent (1977) *(Larisa Shepitko)*    
* The Battle of Algiers (1966) *(Gillo Pontecorvo)*    
* The Red and the White (1967) *(Mikls Jancs)*     




 Do tell afterwards! 









 Hard to take that list seriously with that name when Moon (2009) is the first one. 




 I read about them, but don't really put the focus on ratings. If something sounds interesting or if I want to watch it for some reason, I usually end up watching it. I see a lot of stuff that doesn't even have reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic, so there's not so much to do about that anyways. I also have several different watchlists to help me as well. 




 I'm glad that you appreciate how much I love that damn movie! 




 I've never "trusted" those sites in the first place. I think it's too bad that people seem to see some objectivity in them, as if movies with high scores/ratings automatically must be good, same with IMDb. If you are interested in watching a movie, watch it. Don't let others be the judge of what you'll watch or not. It's okay to be dissappointed by a movie, it's not the whole world. 




 Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975). 




 Yeah, I know. The fact that they are releasing one of his films in September makes me have some hope! Anyways, even if Criterion won't release it on Blu-ray, somebody must do it! 









 Great! A must watch. I'm curious to see how it looks now! Let's hope that this will air in other countries as well. And let's also hope for a Blu-ray release, maybe Criterion can do that. 









 For the moment:   

* A Critical Handbook of Japanese Film Directors: From the Silent Era to the Present Day *(Alexander Jacob)*    
* Eros Plus Massacre: An Introduction to the Japanese New Wave Cinema *(David Desser)*   
* Notes on the Cinematographer *(Robert Bresson)*    




 You can find them here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114814/trivia?tab=mc 









  Finding Mr. Destiny (Japanese flim, but worth it)

Why the "but"? Are you making some sort of implication with it? I don't get it. Anyways, you are quite on the wrong side if you are referring to the one directed by Jang Yu-jung (which I'm guessing you are), it's not a Japanese movie at all, it's South Korean. 




  What movies do you think will be remembered, let's say, 15 years from now when people think of the 00-decade?    

Mulholland Dr. (2001). 




 I really like Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles	(1975). 




 Isn't it obvious that it depends on the actors, the directors and the movies? There's so many other things that would matter, so it's impossible to say anything definitive in the way that you are asking the question. But for example, I liked that Fassbinder had a special team of actors that he frequently used in his films. Same with Ozu. Chish Ry acted in 32 of Ozu's 54 films, a fun and interesting fact.   
In those cases, it mostly worked splendid, but then there are other cases with other directors and actors that weren't too well off. Surely, if a combination works great, I have nothing against it if I see it again. On the other hand, change can be good as well. But as I said, it depends on so many factors.    


I remember when Robert Bresson was asked if he would use Claude Laydu in his films again, he replied with this:   

*"I robbed him of what I needed to make the film. How could I rob him twice?*    

It's very interesting that he said it like that, but then again, you probably have to know about the way he worked and his own "rules" had to fully understand what he meant, heh. 




 Jonathan Rosenbaum. 




 https://www.icheckmovies.com/movies/?page=1 sort=officialtoplists    

Go there, check out the movies that are in the most lists, and go from there. Of course, you shouldn't really care how many lists certain movies are in, but in this  particular scenario, the first pages manages to get you acquainted with some of the most important, influental, widely referenced, and critically acclaimed movies of all time. If you go and look through the first pages, you'll find a great overview for some movies that are mandatory to have seen if you are trying to build up some sort of interest in cinema.     


Also, this list is great for this too, even if it's a bit more than 25:   
http://explore.bfi.org.uk/sightandsoundpolls/2012/directors/    

Anyways, you'll get a good start if you look into my suggestions. And if you want my personal top 25 favourites, just ask for it. 









 Bolshoe kosmicheskoe puteshestvie (1975) by Valentin Selivanov:    
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0321492/    




 One of my favourites, I love this movie. Actually rewatched it weeks ago. It looks stunning on Blu-ray. 




 If I must choose, I would take The Night of the Hunter (1955). 




 Hexen bis aufs Blut geqult (1970). The English title is Mark of the Devil. A dirty exploitation horror flick about witchcraft, witchfinders and love. It has an amazing soundtrack that really sticks with you. 




 I understand why! That movie is truly beautiful. 




 I can suggest reading Film Art: An Introduction by David Bordwell and Kristin Thompson. It's a great book to start with if you are getting interested in movies. It's kind of a basic introduction to the analysis of cinema and helps you with the understanding of films in many different ways. 




 Have you seen Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969) by Yoshishige Yoshida? If not, it's a must see. 




 Of course it matters. And of course there's a point complaining about it, but only if you want to, feel the need to and want to be honest. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I don't think your specific one automatically loses its importance just because a big majority of people loved it. 




 Der siebente Kontinent (1989):       
A couple and their daughter are living a monotonous life filled with daily routines, but decide to something about it one day. 




 Great choice! Probably the best movie by Greenaway. Pure eye candy and also a smart and very interesting film. I love the symmetric mise-en-scne and the wonderful soundtrack by Michael Nyman. 




 **[Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064296)** by Yoshishige Yoshida. One of the best films ever made that should have some more attention here. Besides being a biography about the anarchist Sakae sugi, it also explores his relationships with three different women in the 1920s. And parallel to that story, we also get to follow two students in the 1960s that are exploring sugi's ideas and theories.    


First off, Yoshida's cinematography is in my opinion aesthetic perfection, especially the framing where he uses spaces, corners, well picked and inventive camera positions to form his special mise-en-scne, putting the characters in context with the surroundings. And if we sway away a bit from the visual part, it's a very nuanced, rich, and complex depiction of sex, love, politics and history where past and present both interweave into each other and comment themselves. A true masterpiece. 




 L'eclisse (1962) and Pickpocket (1959)! You gotta have some Antonioni and Bresson! 




 I'll be getting Hiroshima mon amour (1959) for sure. Other than that one, I have these high up on my list as well:   

* 8 (1963)   
* Il sorpasso (1962)    
* Marketa Lazarov (1967)   
* Nema-ye Nazdik (1990)    
* Smultronstllet (1957)     
* Tky monogatari (1953)    
* Welt am Draht (1973)     

It's hard to pick out almost anything without ruining your wallet! 














 I think it's best starting with the original trilogy, the order in which they were released. Those are as well the more important ones in the Star Wars saga, at least if we talk about cultural significance, critical acclaim and pop culture references. 




