 I wasn't really a fan of the Xin, but they made it work  




 It's a joke from when Zirene was allegedly salty during the TSM-DIG game  




 No. Black cleaver procs on physical damage, which each ult bullet procs 




 I'm not arguing that hai did *well* at worlds, because he really didn't. But you have to remember that Hai, especially when behind is extremely selfless. He'd purposely sacrifice himself to win a teamfight. That's why there was so many games where it looked like Hai was feeding, but c9 was still winning fights and taking over the game.  




 Did I say they were all world class? Of course not. I said *strong* players in every role. Hai used to be one of the best Mid laners in NA. In s4 spring playoffs he was MVP with a 34.3 KDA as an example. Balls used ro be in contention of best top laner in the west. Sneaky has always been good, and has just gotten better.  




 H2k reminds me so much of S3/S4 Cloud 9. Talented players in every role, great shot calling and rotations, strong team fighting synergy. Beautiful to watch. 




 Yep she is 




 Essentially in season 3 and 4 he was unanimously the best solo queue mid in EU. He was said to be on a whole other level as anyone else. He's definitely not nearly as dominant as he used to be though 




 Unfortunately he's in EU atm 




 The one thing you can guarantee about Hai, he always has his swarms of women nearby. 




 Talon. With all these Varuses, Kogmaws, Azir's, etc in the meta, he excels at blowing them up. Sure, he doesn't have his silence anymore, but he still has absurd burst. 




 ROA into Ludens, then Void/Zhonya/deathcap depending on the game situation is what I find best. The early Ludens essentially negates his lack of base damage in his kit and let's him have an actual impact 22ish minutes into the game. However, as a beginner ROA into Zhonyas is a safer build path that allows you to also make ballsier plays against team comps with lots of lockdown.  




 Literally would make Alistar a trash-tier champion if it was removed 




 Some champions not mentioned are Shyvana top, Diana mid, Vayne adc 




 Yeah, like Xerath or Lux can't one shot an assassin either if they land their whole combo?.. 




 After those first 2/3/4 seconds her movespeed decays to 20% 




 Look at his video specifically detailing the matchup. He says he puts two or three points in W, then maxes E. 




 Twisted Fate. He has clear strengths and clear weaknesses. He takes skill to play, but isn't oppressive when mastered (unlike Riven or old Lee). 




 Plus a global slow 




 Also, it's useful on champions that you want to delay buying a mana regen item on. For example, I would often get a second dorans and rush a Ludens echo instead on Ahri.  









 Katarina, Ahri, Kassadin, Leblanc. Basically any bursty high mobility champions 




 Generally ifgnite is the best for the lvl 1 cheese. It's an extra DOT that adds up 




 Gragas can go Jung/mid/top/support all well

Cho'gath can go Mid/top/jungle and he's a passable support

Kayle can go Top/mid/jungle/support.

Kennen can go top/mid/support and is a passable adc

Lulu can go top/mid/support well and can be a mediocre adc

Pantheon and Wukong both work top/mid/jungle

Generally, most jungles can go top, and vice versa. Many mids are okay to go top, and some tops work mid. Mid lane mages are usually fairly decent supports, and some supports can make okay mid laners.

 




 For gangplank it's actually mostly his passive. It actually does absurd early damage if you manage to stack it up.  




 Tiger stance Udyr and Gangplank are the two best level 1 duelists. 




 He simply lacks the utility that most meta tanks have. Like Shyvana, all he really brings is a meat shield and DPS. He can easily get peeled off the carries with all the CC flying around in this meta, and doesn't have the same game-changing abilities like Sejuani, Gragas, or Maokai have. He's definitely underrated though, so go ahead and play him if he suits your style. 




 I don't find Olaf to be that hard as Irelia. You can farm with Q and disengage with E. Volibear is a much harder matchup. 




 Agreed. I've only ever pulled off that combo once (on a four man mumu ult) and it basically net me a 2v4 quadra. The risk (no stun) and unreliableness of the combo is hardly worth the reward compared to common combos. Either way brand has some absurd AOE damage. It's just too bad he's unreliable and low range/mobility. 




 I'm pretty sure it actually goes to Brand. A QEWR combo does absurd AOE damage to a clumped team. 




 He's just waiting for his #swarmsofwomen to arrive 




 \#keephai? 




 Seraphs isn't really that good compared to ROA. Kassadin stacks tear quite slowly due to his longish cool downs, plus he values the raw health from ROA due to him being a squishy melee. Some people used to go ROA into Seraphs, but it delays kassadins powerspike for far too long. You already have godawful base values, you really can't afford spending any more gold on mana after you get Rod. A second item Ludens or Zhonyas does much more for giving you a stronger mid-game damage/survivabilty spike. 




 Shyvana is what I consider a DPS tank, a role shared with Mundo and Volibear. She's got an extremely high natural damage output, allowing her to melt any carries she jumps on. She's a very strong laner against melees, but prone to get bullied against ranged match ups. 

Her strengths are high sustained damage, natural tankiness, and strong wave clear/jungle clear. Her weakness is lack of sticking potential in team fights, and no real CC. She comboes very well with an actual initatior because of this, as a good Sejuani/Leona/Jarvan ult is all she needs to decimate their carries.  




 I wouldn't say 50%. Both CLG and C9 have quite large fanbases, less then TSM but still relatively comparable. Liquids pretty popular too. There's still 6 other teams, which while not as popular as the other four, still take up a pretty big chunk. TSM fans take up probably 25-30% MAX. They're just the most vocal fanbase so it looks larger. 




 He's at a good place. He's low ranged and riskier to play then other adcs, so he has a lower win rate. At a top level though, he's still quite effective.  




 Or the old Lee Sin, Elise, Evelynn (later replaced by Kha) trio in season 4. 




 Imagine if T8 got relegated by Misfits after all this help  




 He called him a plug, which is actually a pretty common insult in hockey. Basically saying he's only good for plugging a hole in the roster. 




 The razor blades is why it works. You slide, so you can't plant your feet and really wind up for a punch. Therefore there's a less chance of getting hurt. 




 I haven't seen a single person on the pro scene say a word about the nepotism. If it was truly as bad as the reddit-made rumours are I'm sure somebody would have spoke up. I'm personally indifferent on the situation, I don't particularly like Avalon, but I still want to see him do well and not get flamed for something we're not sure about. 




 Well the thing is, what has Avalon really done? He's played bad. That's it. There's plenty of reasons to root for him, over someone toxic like Cris. 




 Volibear counters her pretty well. She really can't do anything in this lane. 




 Meteos doesn't have the same crazy yet effective shot calling that Hai did. 




 Azingy shut up some of his haters this game. Let's see if he can keep up this level of play. 




 Compared to the year where c9 went 25-3 with two 3-0 playoff sweeps? At least now there is 4-5 contenders for the top teams, unlike when it was just c9 and friends. 




 You can one-shot casters with an E-ult at level 7 as Kog. You can't one shot a wave until you get Ludens though.  




 Umm fizz has been played a bunch today 




 He lost to SSB as well 




 A Garen who knows what they're doing will wreck her. He silences her mid combo, spins on her, and speeds away before she can trade back. He has a stronger level 6 spike then her in this specific lane as well. 




 The thing about Evelynn that nobody realizes now is that her late game damage output is much higher then it was pre-nerfs. She was given higher ratios, then buffed her E, and finally rebuffed her Q base damage. Now she scales slightly better while still having tons of early game pressure. 




 Ahri's a bad example. Riot once gave her a random buff out of nowhere last season because "She's strong but just below top tier, we want to see more of her". Riot definitely has some favouritism for her. (Which to be fair, she is a flashy, playmaking champion who is fun to play and still fair to play against. Riot tends to balance to keep those champions around. See Zed or Lee Sin.) 




 I think it's because that H2K started out weak, and then had noticeable improvements in all parts of their games, especially the macroplay. Generally this is a sign of a good coach. While fnatic on the other hand dominated the whole split. While they're both great coaches I'd argue that pr0lly had the greater effect on his team, bringing them from challenger level to top LCS level. 




 C9 confirmed 2015 world champions 




 Who cares about winning when you're a fucking DRAGON 




 Csing is just timing. Ping has no bearing on it (assuming you are used to the pint you're at) 




 Graves is probably your best bet. He's the tankiest adc (although he's still quite squishy due to being an adc). He excels at blowing up squishies with his high burst. You won't find an adc that works exactly like Shyvana due to the complete differences in how the roles play. Shyvana excels at diving in, soaking up damage while soloing their squishies, while on an ADC you want to stay back and safe while consistent putting out damage  




 Generally I go BOTRK and Ghostblade into tank. 




 Alongside with that, Nocturne top. He can bully laners with his passive, has a very strong level 2-3 all-in, good roams, and becomes a very strong splitpusher. He's one of the few top laners that can go toe to toe with Darius in lane. (I often kill him level 3) 




 Yes, but the whole pint of a hyper carry is to be able to shred a full build tank. Vayne, Kog, Twitch and Jinx can all do that.  




 Against Gnar, you have to remember that he is squishy as hell early game in mini form. Farm safely until level 4, and then ideally wait for a minion to get low, Q to it, stun him and wreck him. You can then Q away if he trades back, or Q back on him if he runs. You're actually favored in this matchup as you have the sticking potential to make his day bad.

Against Garen, when you see him run to you to silence you, activate your W (max W in this matchup), and auto him back during his spin. You're not going to escape his spin damage, so you might as well trade him back. Its actually not that hard of a lane as his main trade tool will shove the lane, and it is incredibly easy to cs under turret as irelia. Just dont die early, as you outscale him incredibly hard as long as he doesnt snowball. 




 I want C9T to make the LCS purely to see the stache back. He'll look glorious in a suit 




 I like Steelback, but you'd be hard pressed to  think of a single ADC that you would replace him for, in both NA and EU. At most it would be a lateral move, and would likely hurt the teams synergy for little difference. 




 Yeah NA has some pretty good ADC's overall. He's definitely better then Otter, and it's hard to compare him to Nien due to them having completely different style (Nien was fusions hard carry, while Steelback was a low Econ clean up adc) 




 I doubt a single 'fuck you' will trigger the system.  




 Yeah because last splits Cloud 9 and CLG would totally be at wild card level.... 









 Calitrlolz's [comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/360hbm/nien_to_join_t8_maple_moving_to_sub_leaked_on/crab0o2) begs to differ. 




 Well calitrlolz literally confirmed the roster change in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/360hbm/nien_to_join_t8_maple_moving_to_sub_leaked_on/crab0o2) comment. So I don't know what exactly is happening. Maybe the paperwork got sent in a little too late and he isn't officially on the team yet? Or would Nien have declined? 




 No that was Winterfox's coach 




 I agree with what you're saying, but he did specifically ask for a list of high outplay champions, not beginner friendly champions.   




 Top: Riven, Irelia, Wukong

Mid: Leblanc, Ahri, Azir, Yasuo, Fizz

Jungle: Lee Sin, Elise, Shaco, Master Yi

ADC: Vayne, Kalista

Support: Thresh

Generally the champions with the most outplay potential have high mobility, high impact skill shots, and sometimes a form of invisibility/untargetabilty.  




 It's more burst, but you overall have a higher damage rotation with the Q-auto-w. Especially if you factor in sheen procs 




 Generally post-6 in lane you want to wait until you have your ult passive ready, and then Q-auto-W onto the enemy champion. Make sure to auto once before you W, it resets your auto attack basically letting you do two attacks in the space of one. 




 She does have emotional issues. She has completely flipped out on social media many times because of critics and trolls. If anything you're being the sexist one for taking a valid criticism and immediately assuming it is because of the sex she identifies as.  




 They do fine for awhile until they get massively outscaled 




 PepiBetsy IMO. Pepi consistently shined on a quite subpar team. 




 NA does as well. Sneaky, Piglet, Doublelift, Wildturtle, Altec (if he really is on TDK). Even the 'mid tier adcs' are strong. Apollo, Cop, CoreJJ, Nien (if the rumours are true). Only one I don't really know much about is Otter. 




 In bronze V, yes. Bronze 1 really isn't that terrible. You can easily carry yourself out, but it's not like they're brain dead. 




 We had Warwick back in patch 4.20 




 *She 




 I enjoy the rivalry. What I don't enjoy is all the  stupid spam and memes over it.  




 On meteos's first c9 game, hai instalocked AP Yi jungle and made meteos go mid. A small part of me wishes that meteos repays the favor by forcing incarnation to go jungle for their first game. Unfortunately it's against TSM so the odds are very slim. 




 Don't max Q first. W gets a MASSIVE CDR boost when you level it. From 12 seconds to 4 seconds. It's your main poke/trade tool in lane so having it up is important. While your W's damage doesn't really scale super well with levels (only 10 damage per level), neither does your Q. 




 No, IE still boosts her damage. It's been confirmed by a rioter 




 I agree totally. He was used to being the hard  carry on fusion. With t8 being a more solo lane orientated team he'll have to adjust his style to succeed. 




 Nien is a much better ADC then maple. Nien looks to be a middle of the pack level adc while Maple is arguably the worst or second worst in the NALCS. It's not like they're picking up sneaky or forgiven, but it is still an upgrade. 




 They're both very well run teams IMO. Every popular team has a downside with their fans. The reputation of 'TSM fanboys' are well known, Some c9 fans are snobby and elitist, some CLG fans are overly negative and harsh, some DIG fans have been seen as immature with the 'donger spam', etc.  




 We have now went from the golden age to the age of the faith. 




 And then there's C9 Balls 




 Nocturne top both beats him in lane and out scales him in team fights, duelling and split pushing. 




 This is very late, but Volibear will utterly destroy her in lane, and be able to duel her at pretty much every single point in the game. He stacks health which works really well against her true damage. 




 The only problem with that is that it would be hard to balance with his ult stacks. Either his passive will be non existent early game, or too strong afterwards. 




 So much kiting potential with double distortion and chains. Plus it's easy to get sheen procs with. AD Ahri works the same way 




 For adc's, mid game power drops are because they are auto attack focused, so they don't benefit from the raw AD from IE/ stats from Triforce that other adc's like Graves or Lucian would. A graves with IE can burst a squishy in a fight easily, while a Caitlyn with IE can't really do much except for using her relatively weak auto attack. The main Adc's with a power drop like this are Caitlyn, Tristana (before and after rework), and Ashe. 




 I sure hope Kobe becomes a dirty Nunu picker 




 To be fair Nunu is naturally tanky enough that odds are you aren't going to be able to
kill him in time. 




 It's just that the fact that usually strong split pushers are melee champions with high sustained single target damage (Jax, Trynd, Nasus, Trundle etc.) this means they struggle in team fights due to being easily peeled of, where they can't really do anything. There are exceptions, like you can land a multi person stun as Jax, it's just not as good as say a Malphite or Maokai 




 In general, riot has balanced the strongest split pushers to be relatively weak team fighters. The only real exception to the rule is Hecarim, who is just too strong at everything right now. 




 To be fair that was verses a completely different fnatic roster 




 Essentially since Cinderhulk got added to the game, it caused a meta shift to tanks. While graves has high burst to squishies, he struggles to get through tanks compared to Lucian (due to Lucians passive giving him more sustained damage). With the innate similarity of their kits, when one is strong the other is usually lesser  played.  




