 Oh yeah, I forget.  I even grew up out there... 




 Plan is done, menu's are easy, and hitting a price point is cake.  I'm not a mechanic, but that is what contingency funds are for.  The only thing I don't know is where to do it at and what kind of things and the price people are really looking for. 




 Price point is variable and easy.  I've just figured $10, including tax and tip.  Easy transaction, one bill, and give enough for leftovers.    Vegan, GF, and veggie are all specialty of mine.  I just happen to love bacon. 




 Quality has to be there, for sure.  And your comment is exactly what I'm looking for.  I'm not in the market, I'm out of state and moving into town here in a month.  Living in the VERY high cost city of Santa Fe.  It is a completely barren wasteland of good food, people pay $15 and up for a sandwich.  It is CRAZY.

What I'm talking about offering though is from scratch, sit down high end fine dining fare in butcher paper.

Or if you say that $7 is the price point, fuck it.  From scratch, to order pasta it is...  




 I'm sure this isn't the proper forum to ask a question, but after digging the sidebar, I didn't see this as a no.

A gallery to the kind of product I produce is below.  To keep it simple stupid, the idea is $10 for a sandwich and a side being the brunt of a menu. From scratch, cured meats and some cheeses included.

Everyone is doing their own thing in the area, and there is a lot of great food.  I'm thinking about contributing and can't think of a better community to either tell me to go fuck myself or scream for me to do it.  Feedback please?

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe

edit to add...  I have 10+ years in restaurants, 5+ in catering, 5+ private chef work, an education, and funds.  It is more of the question "is another food truck/stand really needed and where and what kind?" 




 Right. I was also thinking that it would also be a perfect for reduction.  Crank the box to 185 and leave a brown stock uncovered. Fets the pot off the stove...

That's a good tip, I'm going to pass it along. I don't know anyone that uses their box in such a capicty. 




 The altosham.  Genius.  I've been trying to figure out a double use for the one at a catering outfit I've been helping.  That thing is just chilling in the closet unless it on location.  And the kitchen is heat deprived IMO.  Thank you and why in the fuck have I never thought of that? 




 Alright.  Now you are talking.  So you have money to spend.  A business plan?  I'll look at your floor print in a minute.  I'm fixing another shop right now that is in the same boat as you.  Except they brew.  No kitchen serving food, seating for beer and wine/patio, and losing money out the ass.  Even while brewing.  It's stupid.

If you want some legit help, any into you want to pass the better.  I'm happy to NDA something even if you are afraid of that kind of stuff.  But a location is the best thing you can give me if you want some real thoughts... 




 The question isn't if you have a 220 line.  The question is where is it located.  Moving a power supply, dropping/running a line, and the kind of building it is in changes everything.  More than likely, the outlet isn't right where you want it at.  If you can get away with using the existing infrastructure and simply run a jumper, that is fine.  But you need code approval for such things and depending on your state, can be more stringent than simply putting in a new line.

 




 Do you have pics of the interior of the building you are looking at?  How about a physical location.  I mean block address.  You can PM it to me if you are worried about posting it.  I'm curious about what you could actually do and what your demographic is.   




 do you have a dedicated 220 line where you'd like to drop the oven?  that shit is expensive, yo! 




 Induction uses magnets and electricity to heat pans.  No gas or fire, so no need for a hood or an ANSEL.  You don't even need a fan, but having one in the wall to pull steam   heat, plus push out good smelling stuff onto the sidewalk, is a good thing. 




 I've got a full on 18-20% food cost menu for ya if you're willing to knock a hole in the wall for a fan and a few grand to spend on induction burners. 




 No.  But I appriciate having my work included as inspiration and do find some of my own in here... 




 yes.  or an attempt at one.  and thanks. 









 Don't quote me on the B3!  I say that because I hear a leslie every now and then on some recordings.  Some of the stuff off Beale Street has the same organ.  It could just be electric piano run through filters and then hit the leslie?  I dunno.

I believe all of that work was with Mick Schauer (keys) who is no longer with the band as I'm aware.  Or at least the last album was back to the roots of the 1993 Clutch we all love... 




 Well, not funky funk.  But Clutch instrumental rock funk.  Lots of keys and B3 type voices.  




 Yeah and no shit.  I've seen that show several times.  Stamina is an understatement.  I remember seeing the strange cousins tour where they played an hour as bakerton and then 2 as clutch... 




 Fair enough. Check out Clutch's work as The Bakerton Group.  Mainly instruments rock funk stuff.  Just as awesome though. 




 Alt rock?  Wtf?  How about "good old fashion American made rock and roll." 




 Thank you.  For I am internet challenged.   




 That was on the way to the top.  Notice the huge man made crack in the ground.  75 years ago, that was a level and lush high desert canyon floor.

http://i.imgur.com/f6YvMgO.jpg 




 And almost completely unrelated...  Here is a pic of something else man made in NM.  While (in total) Chaco Canyon was built over the course of several hundred years, the crack in the ground in this pic was created by man in 75.   Pictures don't do this justice either.  If you notice on the left in the middle, our camp.  NM in AMAZING.  I'm almost sad to leave.  The petroglyph is something I stumbled upon on the way to the mesa top...

http://i.imgur.com/f6YvMgO.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/rM3qZd6.jpg 









 I'm assuming that isn't a request your purveyors would normally get...

If (when?) you do find them, can you please post where.  More out of curiosity sake than any other.  Maybe check with your seriously authentic SE Asian/African supply houses?  I think they might give you a funny look walking in the door and asking for them.  But part of me hopes that if you do, a little old man with a two foot fu manchu and a cane pokes his head out the back and screams "So you ask about grasshopper?!?" 




 Always green. On everything. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_Cooked_Chips

The SV method is overkill.  I cut the potato to shape.  Place in a cold pan of water and bring to a slight boil.  Drain and place onto a sheet pan to freeze IQF style.  Minimum 1 hour, overnight is best.  Then fry them at 250 degrees for 5 minutes, drain and freeze again IQF style for minimum 1 hour or overnight.  Then fry till crisp at 350 or 375. 









 The above is a variation of several dishes I've run on different menus. 




 flight comes in at 12:05. I didn't think to give him the option of breakfast.  He might want a serious smothered burrito. 




 and have an upvote for the hyperlinks... 




 Sweet pot gnocchi doesn't really pair that well with carbonara, IMO and experience.  Red sauce is a terrible idea as well.

I've made various versions of the gnocchi you are talking about.  One of the better plates I have made has been with brown butter sauteed apples, toasted walnuts, slightly browned garlic and sweated shallots, deglazed with white wine, and finished with Gorgonzola cream.  Then season and hit it with parsley, mint, and chive.   




 You simply can't fuck with Blake's.  It is my go to and my standby for the GCCG.  And IMO, they complete the Holy a Trinity of Burgers - Dicks (Seattle), In-n-Out, and Blake's.

I've eaten at the Owl before and thought it was lackluster.  I am somewhat surprised that several people mentioned them.  Maybe they are worth another look?  I dunno, but I don't think its tomorrow, even with all these folks chiming in...

 




 I live in SF.  He used to live in SF.   We know our Hatch.  I am tempted to just take him for a banh mi over at Coda, but he hasn't seen any good green or red for a while... 









 all you need to know is pot pie. 




 Home made jerky, granola/cliff bars, fresh squeezed lemonade, and pick up a few induction burners if you want to "cook food".  Hot dog roller, panini press, and a sandwich prep table.  A chest freezer full of home made cream sandwiches, pre-made.  A Margarita machine for slushies.  I couldn't imagine wanting much more than that.  Caramel corn?  Gourmet hipster popcorn cooked to order?

If that place is busy with kids and families I'd jump on it in a heart beat.  And as far as expertise, just like running a booth at the fair... 




 First, you should define what you mean by the word chef.  Are you talking about the BS food network wanna be McApple Garden Toque wearing French fry makers?  Or an actual chef who has earned their title?  

There is a big difference in the world between the two. Just a heads up and a tip - those of us in the industry who have the chops laugh off all the idiots who call themselves a chef.  Unless they have the 20+ years in the industry, plus the education and leadership to back it up.


1 - whichever you enjoy making the most.

2 - you need skills, not creditionals to become a chef.  An education helps, but it is only through hard work and practice that ypu become good in the kitchen.  Just like any other job.

3 - the kind that treats you well, where you look forward to going into work every day.

4 - long and tedious.  Typically, those who open and operate a successful restaurant have at least 10 years experience in shops before doing so.

5 - an average day of a real chef is 12-16 hour days.  And then take out or frozen pizza.

6 - if you want to learn pastries and baking, you focus on baking, not cooking. 




 I'm in Santa Fe New Mexico and have all the Htach Green you can want.  Hit me up and we can work it out.  However, I'm leaving town in a month, so you best get crackin! 




 Hey check it out people, school is in session! 




 Sadly, it is not an exception.  And I'll admit, maybe the use of the word standard is fairly liberal.  I'd say about 1/3 of all the restaurants in the area operate along this type of fashion.

As a younger professional myself who has been here 7 years, I know that there are some gems.  However, the shit show outshines it all. 




 Well, you will be happy to know that you avoided dessert.  Aside from the tirimisu, the rest of the entire dessert menu comes off the back of a truck.  Smuckers sauce, sysco cheesecake, etc. 




 I totally get what you mean.  Might be Tuberculosis or typhoid?

Some states in the US now require a Tuberculosis shot.  The state that I am in doesn't even require kitchen or food workers to take food safety courses.  Only the owner or Exec is required to have taken a course in food safety.  Even something so simple as the bacteria danger zone is completely foreign to a lot of cooks here. 




 They claim to have 2 people to look at, inspect, and do all the bureaucracy/paperwork overseeing 850+ food based operations in the area.  The reason I called this shop in is because this is the kind of BS that it takes to get the Health Department's attention around here. 




 Private dining room.  executing 3-5 course plated dinners for groups of about 25ish. 




 I don't want them closed. Just fixed. 




 One of the reasons your pizza tasted like crap - I watched the cook there open up a #10 can of diced tomatoes, add some salt and a little bit of garlic and then pureed it in the can.  Surprisingly, didn't stick his fingers in it to taste it, but didn't taste it.  Nothing wrong with canned tomatoes.  But there is something wrong with unseasoned canned tomatoes being used compared to an actual sauce. 




 Seriously.  Half of this town (and half of the "fine dining") operates like this.  The health dept does fuck all.  Where I'm from (CA, OR, WA, NY) basically any combination of any two of these things is basically an automatic shut down.  Here, they give approval to kitchens by asking the owner "are you up to code" over the phone.  No BS.  Witnessed.   




 I tried to explain to the owner that his clientele has been dying off and the people who he'd like to have in there (40ish and under with an average income of $45k+ yearly) do come in, once.  And they very rarely come back.

What did the rest of your party have to eat/drink?

Oh.  And you'll love this.  I was told by the FoH that the only will only buy decaf coffee and pours it for for both regular and decaf because there is to much waste.  How cheap can you get?  And how would you feel if you walked into a restaurant and asked for a cup of coffee at lunch time? 




 Being a professional restaurant/food guy, I never want to see doors close.  However, I also don't want people to get sick or die because some jack off wants to save a few pennies on ice. 




 Seriously man.  The owner just flat out told me that he doesn't need to keep oysters on ice because they are in the walk in.  I mean, WTF?  This is the kind of shit that you simply can't make up. 




 It would be ABC all over again.  But I think he would be more dumbfounded by the community and the people in the area supporting these shops.  Then again, it is a case of "if you only knew..." 




 Actually, I turned down the job.  And then after trying to address the situation with management and ownership, I talked to the health dept.

The place, as it is currently sitting, is a public health hazard.  People should know.  Also, for the price that you are paying in his shop, you would think that you would be served fresh oysters which were stored properly.  Not product that was shucked yesterday and had never been kept on ice.

So.  Before you talk about the restaurants in this town, I would suggest you walk into a few of them or better yet, work at some.   




 Osteria d'Assisi.  The owner is a hack.  He tried to defend raw chicken sitting over vegetables and pasta as being ok because the chicken is refrigerated on the line.  Lollers. 




 I didn't post the name for a reason.  I've already talked to the health dept.  I'm now about to go speak with the owner and see what he has to say about all this.  So, depending on his attitude and how he plans on addressing this shit show of a clusterfuck, I don't know if I personally am going to publicly name the establishment.  According to Dept of Environment, they are walking in there today at noon.  We'll see what happens.  But, if they deem it public knowledge worthy, it will be in the paper.

However, if the guy is like half of the other douchbag owners in town, I'll name it. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Chefit/comments/31rc6h/i_almost_feel_bad_i_just_placed_a_call_to_the/ 




 Crazy thing is, this is standard fare for this so called town of "high end destination fine dining."  When I was talking with the Exec, he was talking to me about chasing a M star and being on chopped.  Jesus. 




 Oh.  Also.  About 25% of all the food sold in this shop is wrapped in the cheapest cellophane you can buy and throw in the nuke wrapped up for 5-6 minutes at a whack.  They are charging $17+ a plate for this BS too. 




 TL;DR - Worked two shifts to see if I wanted to take a PDR job.  After saying I didn't want the job, I tried to talk to the owner and the Exec.  Neither called me back.  I tried twice.  This is what I saw.  Fuck it...

Oysters, shucked from the night previous stored on a sheet pan in the walk-in being used for tickets.

Shellfish not being kept on ice.

No retention of shellfish tags.

Shellfish and raw chicken/elk/pork on top of the line uncovered.

Sous and others grabbing handfuls of raw meat with bare hands, portioning raw meat on cutting boards, and not washing their hands or having sanitation.

The entire kitchen was unlabeled.

I personally pulled rotten hotel pans of food off of the speed rack in the walk in.

5 gallon and 22 quart buckets of hot food "cooling" on the floor by the garbage can.

Food uncovered in the walk-in.

Everyone's fingers in everything.  No spoons.

An "open to graze" kitchen for all employees when the owner/exec isn't around.  Including high end proteins.

Holy fucking hell, this is only what I observed. 




 Why are owners such tight asses who won't spend the money to get the things they want, while they know nothing about food and demand input on a menu? 




 If you want to replicate them, I'll have my cookbook of awesome sandwich makings done here shortly and will let you know when/where you can grab it... 




 If you are corporate, sure.  But if you are operating a restaurant to full profitibility, you are not keeping things on your menu long enough to build a par report. 




 http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe

There are a handful of unique and delicious veggie friendly sandwiches in that link.  And a lot of meat too.  All my work.  Any questions or requests for recipes, just ask. 




 Pizza looks nice.  Oven is a beauty. 




 pic 107 is vegan with that italian chickpea spread.  Another great way to add texture and flavor is with heat and your grill.  That pita for example, raw on one side and crisped with roasted garlic oil on the other.

Same with the sweet potatoes.  I roasted those first, skin on, until they are about 75% done, remove from oven and peel while hot.  After cooled, cut into slabs and pan sear until crisp on one side, then turn down heat and glaze in balsalmic over medium until tacky.  Toss some olives and greens with that and you have a nice salad to throw between some bread... 




 Right now, wholesale, I could get $30-40/lb where I'm at.  Retail, $60# and up for the cream of the crop. 




 I'm in the same boat as you, except that I'm educated and trained in food :) 

Your fat on a veggie sandwich should be cheese and mayo/sauce IMO.  Easiest way to add an unlimited variety of texture, cream, flavor, and fat.  Start making some of your own cheese.  Ricotta/farmers is the easiest, mozz is a no brainer too.  When you do that, you can flavor them however you like and use it in many fashions.

Fuck avocados.  I really don't like them either, but the girl loves them.  One of the ways I get around the creamy fat of the avo is by using different spreads and purees.  Hummus comes to mind first of course, but there are many variants of chickpea spreads which are delicious.  Sun dried tomato, basil, olive oil, lemon, S P, shallot, and garlic is a favorite of mine.

If you'd like some ideas, check out the link below.  It is to a gallery of some my sandwiches.  Mainly meat, but there are a bunch of veggie and vegan in there as well...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe#106 




 People that hunt know what is up in the woods.  I would assume by the looks and location of these boys that they have gutted an animal or dozens. 




 Fucking hell.  I'm out in NM, but if I knew what I was looking for out there, I'd be on the road right now.  How much weight is that?

Edit to add...  That is some damn good money right there if you can unload it.  I hope you can and that your patches yield another round. 




 Another good way to get the job done your way is to treat your staff well with respect and a decent wage.

However.  If it is the majority of your staff that pushes you, maybe you need to take some management or conflict resolution classes? 




 Your first statement is exactly why I posted this topic.  I just do it the way I do because it is efficient and profitable.  The whole idea of full hands in, full hands out.  Or pulling a whole speed rack of shit out of the walk-in compared to an armload at a time.

I don't know how much time in my life I've spent beating the idea of a pedometer into peoples heads.  Then they can see for themselves if "the fridge is in the right spot."  It is crazy people don't see these things for themselves.  I just wish I could pinpoint more of these types of ideas/skills/abilities/whatever in how I work to pass onto others.  Hence the question... 




 If you haven't heard, the SF police are arresting people on State laws and are ignoring city ordinance. 




 God bless American capitalism!   




 We all have 'em.  Most of the things that I think should be fairly basic, we all do to a certain extent. However, not every knife in the drawer is sharp.  I've come to realize that common sense really isn't that common and if we are to be successful in our own shops, we need to help our neighbors too.

I'm not talking about that hack "put your cherry tomatoes between cutting boards" type of Suzi Q homemaker BS.  But real things that can make a difference in a professional kitchen.

For example.  Spray bottles are a heathens friend.  In the last bakery I helped out, I watched the OWNER/baker spend an hour daily egg washing and glazing her pastries by hand with a paintbrush.  5 days a week.  She was spending 5 hours a week as the owner running egg wash.  And she was (is still) wondering why she wasn't making money :(

I ran her wash through the immersion blender to puree the chalazae so it wouldn't clog the nozzle of the bottle and handed it to her.  I then fixed her syrup (removed the sugar crystals) and dumped that in a bottle, which was then placed in a warm water bath to keep the syrup fluid.  By taking the 5 minutes to do that, I was able to turn an hours worth of work into 15 minutes.  Turning almost 4 hours of wasted labor weekly into potential profitable hours.  20 hours a month.  That is a lot wasted labor.  Then again, this woman really has no clue about how to do production...

You can also run butter through a bottle, same with honey.  Most people don't know this, you just need to keep the viscosity fluid with a hot water bath.  If you clarify your butter, it won't clog the nozzle.  This trick makes baklava trained monkey easy.  I can make 2 full sheets of properly made baklava, from setting up my mise to wrapping in plastic, in about an hour fifteen.  Mind you, that is about 150 portions of fucking baklava :)

So what do ya'll got?  Can you make my life easier? 




 Sounds like you got some salt pork, not bacon. 




 People don't like to be told that they are doing things wrong.  And if it isn't their idea, it is worthless. 




 Tell her not to.  With some experience, opening a restaurant is a terrible idea.  Simple as that.

But if she is hell bent on losing all of her money and having zero free time, while ruining any kind of relationship she has and becoming bitter and jaded about the general public at large, those of us stupid enough to be in the industry are happy to help. 




 Without complete information, it is hard for the internet police to give you good advice.  And there are a lot of assholes out there who will just give you a smart ass remark.  Such as "turn the heat down."  That helps nothing.

If you want to fry fritters, 350F.  250F is to low to fry almost anything, aside from potatoes to triple cook.

For a pan fry, medium high heat.  Oil/fat in the pan hot before you put in your patty.  Put a dome/lid over it.  3 minutes, flip.  2 or 3 minutes and you are done.

Also.  This method is called pan fry or saute.  When you say fry, most of us will automatically assume you mean that you submerge it in hot fat.   




 I commend your faith in humanity.  I have serious doubts however as OP was talking about deep frying a garden burger and burned it. 




 That might be true, but you are giving half assed advice.  Especially since it was not stated what temp shit was being fried at.  Sounds like OP isn't that well versed in the kitchen, and they might read your comment as "fry it at 250" and next week they come back and bitch about your shitty advice and their oil soaked food.

 




 No.  Fry at the *proper* temperature. 




 Mayonnaise.  Takes less than 5 minutes if you have a food processor and is all the world the difference. 




 I grabbed that book yesterday at the library! 




 Got it.  Not a bad idea. 




 I don't follow?  Encryption for? 




 I love this sub because it is like school every day opening up threads.  And I like to think I know a little bit about gourmets.

I was just going to post your second and third point, thanks for beating me to it.  

What I learned today is that R. subnigricans are deadly.  I didn't know there was a deadly russula out there.  Thanks.  I've seen those fuckers all over the place in the Jemez Mtns.  As a known russula, they don't get touched by me.  And I always wondered why those were some of the only ones that didn't get touched by the wildlife.  I always figured it was a nasty bug, but now it is confirmed :) 




 Culinary Artistry, simply for the seasonal food pairings chart. 




 I absolutely will not utilize that information and there is no way a magnet button was just pushed...

I never would have thought.  Whoever took the time to scan that has too much time on their hands... 




 If you want to mail me a 36GB of storage via flash drive, I'd be happy to copy the entity of Good Eats for you and mail it off.  Also.  TPB has all of it. 




 I used to think the same.  Until I bought that roll from the Vietnamese ladies who run the only Banh mi shop in my state.  They told me that when the French first came to the area, they were not consistently able to get crunchy baguettes.  Hence the soft rolls... 




 Brined and grilled pork

Chile and lime cured crispy lardon

Diakon, carrot, cuke, and cilantro

Roasted jalapeno mayo

Sub roll

I should have made three. 









 I live in SF.  You'll miss out if you don't go to white sands.   




 Do you have pictures of your operation?  An equipment/tool list?  A commissary?  How is your storage?  I believe you are onsite and have a basic dedicated clientele in which to pull from.  I think there are several items that you could start making a small fortune on which would be received very well by your clients.  Just got to make smart stuff.

One suggestion would be "Cliff" bars at a $1 or $2 individual sale.  If you have a decent food processor and standing mixer, they are easy and high profit if made efficiently.  Same with jerky in $10 allotments.  Easy sales, product they probably already buy, and things easy to make with good storage life.  The kind of items that you can spend a lazy afternoon making a week or twos worth of product.  Just thoughts... 




 Man, you got an easy solution in front of you.  It will be more of a question of do you want to do it.

Oil field. Where?  And when you say "in the field" you actually mean you are out on remote location?  Are you cooking most things on location or is the majority prepped before?  Menu please! 




 My friends office, they paid me to make lunch.  I suggested all you can eat banh mi.  They felt that was a glorious idea.  I agree.  Half the people there had no clue.  I just showed up and started making sandwiches...  









 Legit.  Boars head is one of the cheapest, US national brands of deli meats and cheeses.  Honestly, it is only one step above bottom shelf IMO.  However, it sadly has become the staple at many delis.

I live in a smallish town.  One place BH cheese start at $5 and meat at $7.  At another it is $8 and $9 respectively.  People price their product at whatever price they feel people will pay for it. 




 Yes.  One of the best meals of my life. 




 It depends on the model, but for simply slinging hash, 30%.

You can run a menu at 40% and still operate a highly successful place.  However, you're not selling food at that point.  You are typically selling atmosphere, entertainment, and beverages.  One of the most successful kitchens I've ever seen operate did so at a loss on food.  However, the 70+ taps, 100 whisky book, and naked chicks on stage made up for it.

I believe OP is only selling food. 




 Can't help without a menu and knowing your logistics.  Like are you renting a commissary? how much product are you actually making?  WTF is your product? Demographic?  Location?  Overhead?

Operating a brick and mortar, if your food cost is at 30% your are doing something wrong and you should just shut your doors.  Depending on what your selling and how you are (or are not) prepping it, you should be able todrive your food cost to below 28%.

But here is the real question.  If you can sell 50 items an hour that is yielding you an on average $5 profit when it is all said and done, do you really give a fuck what your food cost is? 




 Which part?  I'm just relating my experience.  I've cooked boneless chicken breast, both skin on and off, on a grill at various restaurants around the U.S.  Grill pan, charcoal, gas, and electric.  If you use the method I presented, perfect every time.  I don't know what else to tell you other than that.

 




 Bacon is bacon, unless it is burnt.  We just have a preference in how we cook it.  Next you will be saying that the BaconWave yields bacon that is too flat and crisp.  Well I'm going to have to start a resounding chorus of "fuck you sir", because around here we don't discriminate against bacon of any shape, size, or colour.  STOP SETTING UNREALISTIC STANDARDS FOR MY MEAT OF CHOICE. 




 This.  And in case anyone was wondering...

http://i.imgur.com/AAt7U0h.jpg


 




 thanks.  The bacon is a labor of love of mine.   My goal is to always have it look like that.  And the key I've found is to bake it on a cookie cooling rack on a sheet pan at 315F for about 30-40 min, depending on thickness. 




 I know.  Was lazy. 




 Hey OP - just an FYI that everything everyone said in here about how they think restaurants do their grilled chicken is basically wrong.  

Lots of good comments about prepping and all that.  

But the people who chime in with the brine and SV techniques as the answer give me a chuckle.  None of this is correct...

This is your answer.  Hot (450+F) grill.  Even piece of salted and lightly oiled  meat.  Toss on grill.  DON'T FUCKING TOUCH IT.  After it is cooked 50%, rotate the meat to get the X grill marks.  Use a spat to "scrape" the meat off the grill, not tongs.  DON'T FUCKING TOUCH IT.  After it is cooked 90%, flip it over to finish.

One of the reasons your chicken gets dried out and nasty is because you tear it when you flip it or it sticks to the grill.  By tearing the fond off or having it stick, you break the seal and let the juices run.  Tongs will tear your chicken 99% of the time. 




 I would be happy to send some your way as well if you would ship out some stuff upon receipt! 









 Please man, for your sake do so.  It won't do you any good to try and push through it and fuck up the break even worse down the line by not having it heal right.  I don't know how old you are, but you sound like you're younger.  Take it from us old guys and the veterans in the pit - you'll appreciate taking care of yourself now way more in ten years than you will tomorrow.

On a side note, you can still work.  Just gotta be smart about it.  Talk to chef.  Ask about inventory.  Ordering.  Prep lists.  Can you still write?  Are you a good enough of a cook to help with the spring menu change?  Maybe this is a good time to talk with chef about the 25 things ya'll make that there are no recipes for.

Also.  Talk to workers comp if it was work related.  If it wasn't, talk to unemployment.  If you're eligible on either end, they will help you.  Anything is better than nothing and there isn't anything wrong with asking for help if needed.  Remember, you pay for that shit to be there when you need it ;) 




 Without knowing your specific city, state, country, etc, nobody can tell you anything.  Other than you must abide by health code.  However, if they want to manufacture ANYTHING for consumption, it will be necessary to make it in a health code kitchen.  

Some US cities have regulations which allow for home kitchens to be certified, however the rules are usually stringent.  In my town, you can't have pets and you must be willing at any point in time (even if not in operation) to have a spot visit by the inspector.

A lot of places have commercial kitchens which are certified and that you can rent.  Churches often have large kitchens for their reception halls that they are willing to rent.  It is a good way to go for fairly cheap if you can knock a ton of product out in a short fashion and have the storage for it.  




 I'm sure it was pretty good, but why would you ruin morels with BS truffle oil? 




 We bypass the press altogether and use cast iron comals and steak weights that have been sitting on the flame.  Easier to control the melt, crust, and smash.  A lot of people think that our method is more work and ticket times are longer, but it is really negligable. What it comes down to is a superior product (IMO) for maybe a two minute longer fire.  Just something to think about if you have the storage for extra pans and room on your stove/flat...

But if you are adamant on a press, I would suggest something like the one below.  Most importantly, get one with a split lid and separate heating elements for each side like this example.  If you spend $500 on one, you run the risk of hating it.  Spend some real money on a tool you'll love that has the capability to do what you need.

Edit to add... Check my post history.  I'm fucking serious about my sandwiches...

https://www.google.com/shopping/product/14664076670650374086?q=restaurant+grade+panini+press client=safari hl=en biw=1024 bih=672 prds=paur:ClkAsKraXxSQ9jyXOg8CfJsuXMVLpO6s_QfTvODVMlGgiKOHK7xwqsJ4rnVzMuKQslAt36zQrEVQKo9u0ZVXqrll_RM_hugUeYQTQNonEsb0FUd7u7fhgdh0nBIZAFPVH7278y0hsPQjwPYovosAK5Ns5A1ZaA sa=X ei=IrcVVcfeH8HZoATak4CYCQ ved=0CJIBEPMCMAE
 




 Very nice Humbolt!  I'm glad to see your water issues aren't completely destroying the crops... 




 You will be a public health hazard.  If an employee tried to work with a cast on in my kitchen, they would be sent home.  If they objected, they obviously don't care about quality of product, nor customer satisfaction and overall health, and they would be fired on the spot.

You might need the money now.  However, you will need it more if you don't have a job because you feel like you need to be some bad ass.  Well check it out, you're not a bad ass.  You're a fucking cook, not a martyr. 




 I will double that sentiment to Santa Fe, NM.  Fucktards here seem to think it is ok to pre shuck oysters and leave them overnight on a sheet pan in the walk in to serve the next day.  They don't even keep shellfish on ice in half the shops here.  But then again, it is not uncommon for raw seafood and raw meat to sit on the top rail of the line... 




 They exist whenever people show up to eat them.  And if you are sandwich deprived enough to need to steal, it would be my privilege to share mine with you. 




 Not the typical oyster that you think of, in case you're not familiar with them.  Nice and meaty, you can cut nice finger steaks or bacon size strips to saute or grill.  I prefer them to just regular sauteed button mushrooms as they actually stay on the sandwich and don't fall off in a mess.

https://www.google.com/search?q=king+oyster+musheroom oq=king+oyster+musheroom aqs=chrome..69i57.4210j0j7 sourceid=chrome es_sm=122 ie=UTF-8 




 All the time.  I just don't post it. 




 your knife cuts.  fine herbs.  mother sauces.  what station are you interviewing for? 









