 Actually, Near guessed, acted stupid, got lucky with his guess (about 10x), got lucky with his stupidity, and then won.

We can argue all day over how legit Near's guesses were up till Episode 36/37, but then they're clearly BS.

Let's assume Near guessed everything up till this point. Let's not worry about how he did it, maybe he got lucky, maybe he had more info that we the viewer didn't see, but just assume he did.

Therefore, he knows Mikami is X-Kira, Light is L-Kira, Mikami has a notebook, Light likely has pieces of a notebook, and he knows that Light has guessed that he's found out about Mikami.

So he does his whole make-a-fake thing, plants it with Mikami, then breaks into the bank and makes another fake. Plan set.

But it's a stupid plan. Near STAKES HIS LIFE on the fact that Mikami would come back in after writing the names. Why would he do this??? Near knows that Light has figured out most of his plan. He HAS to know that there's extra pieces of the notebook scattered around. There is NO REASON for Near to assume that Mikami will even have the notebook with him. Mikami could easily look in, snap a picture with his phone, then take off.

What now? Are you telling me Near hadn't thought of this very obvious possibility?

Also, what if Mikami had just brought a gun and come in blazing? What if he brought backup? NO WAY COULD NEAR NOT THINK OF THIS.

tl;dr- Near's guesses are just lazy writing. 




 You will never be alone. If you ever want to talk confidentially, feel free to PM me. There are many people out there willing to help. There are many people who have gone through what you have.  




 My N mother always asked me to explain myself, my reasoning, then yelled at me for arguing.

Eventually I just gave up, stated my opinion as obviously as I could, and when she questioned it I just repeated it word-for-word. No matter what she said.

It worked pretty well, I'm happy to say. 




 Good for you.

Thank God for your aunt, things could have gotten much worse if not for her.

Hope things get better for you, breaking up with your family is difficult, especially when they later try to pull the excuse "But we're FAMILY!" 




