 I read something about that too. They said there is a dev for the combat system, another one for healing, another developed the water graphics and manages the water zones, and so on. Also, they are supposed to be relatives from the same family in a crazy geanological tree. I couldn't stand working with my family in the developing of such a big project even for a minute. 




 No developer? That would mean that the game always existed or maybe programmed itself, and that is ridiculous. 




 I started to use this potion after reading a lot of good things about the buff and the bonus in productivity, but later I quit after reading somebody advising that it doesn't go well with a character like mine, artist class with the OCD disadvantage. It can give you a -20 in mind focus sometimes. 




 It's quite popular between the players with bard class. Can't be very bad, right? 




 Gorgeous 









 Listening to this made me smile, but I don't know exactly why. 




 [That is the truth](http://darktower.wikia.com/wiki/My_Understanding_of_Truth)

(Possible spoilers) 




 The gayest think I see in that video is characters in short pants doing sexy moves. Is that it? 




 The book series? Yes, he finished it years ago. 




 Then you are in big trouble. 




 Hormones treatment 




 CSGO
Little Big Planet 




 Tokyo.
New York.
Not very original, I know. 




 Anxiety, depression, low self steem, pure OCD, a disfunctional family and a terrible, alcoholic, depressive father who programmed me for being a person full of fears all my life.

But hey, I'm doing my best. I'm trying. Life is not so bad. 




 Using formulas like "Please", "thank you" and "excuse me".
Being empathetic.
Telling yor opinions and feelings in a way that don't hurt other people's feelings.
Not using cuss words.
Not thinking you are more important than the rest.
Being patient. 




 Man, didn't you read the internet? That's the best proof you need for everyting! 




 Does people there get offended in real life as easily as in the internet? 




 I guess I've make some nice things but this is the one that comes to my mind. A fond memory.

I went to the cinema to watch The Two Towers with my best friend. At some moment I lied to him and told him "The movie is ending. See? Galadriel is making a speech, saying all hope is lost etc. They are setting all up for the next movie". And then the battle of Helm came and it was getting obvious that the movie was not ending.
"But you told me the movie was ending".
"I lied! Now comes 45 minutes of an epic battle scene!".
He is a fan of LOTR and epic battle scenes so he enjoyed that surprise like a child. He kept on telling me "Thank you! Thank you!".

It was like I had told him that he was not gonna die, but live one month more and it will be full of awesome sex. 




 Ned Stark 




 This goes straight to my [CGI Purgatory YouTube list](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVr5OP4eFiXBpqnAWhYf24vOwJN5liEPy). 




 [The spanish laughing man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv-C2x8TrM0) went viral recently.

He is a very popular guy here in spanish tv. The funny thing is sometimes it's very hard to understand him even for spanish people, since he has a very deep andalucian accent.

[Here is the original video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDiB4rtp1qw) with english subtitles, in case anybody wants to know what he really says. 




 Very useful. Thanks. 




 Necronomicon 




 Greetings, comrades. It's been a while since the last time I posted here. Now I come to you looking for help. I'm thinking about making a post about OCD in my blog, talking about things aspects like what OCD is, what causes it, what kind of OCDs there are, how is the life of a person with this disorder.

I would like some help looking for good documentation. What articles about OCD do you recommend? Which ones you really liked? Which ones did you find well explained and useful?

I could use the wikipedia article, of course, but that's not always the best option and I'd prefer texts written in more casual and "human" style, something less academic. And I could use Google, but experience tells me individual users are more helpful finding good material.

Thanks in advance.

Stay strong, my friends. 




 This is the only paranormal thing that ever happened to me.

When I was in highschool I went through my first severe depression. One night I realized one day I would die and I couldn't do anything to avoid this. My death could happen at any moment and it was getting closer one second at a time. I couldn't stop thinking about death, everyday, everyhour, from the moment I woke up to the moment I went to bed. This was my first obssesive-compulsive episode.

For me, life was absurd, since everything finally vanishes in death. I started questioning myself about the meaning of life, about God and religion.

My family was a disfunctional one. The situation at home was a mess. I couldnt' focus on my studies due to all the shouting and arguments and tv noise. I stayed at my grandparents home for a time. I used to study in my grandfather's office. He is a fan of literature and has hundreds of books. Selfs and selfs full of books.

So one afternoon I got to a moment when I couldn't stand it anymore, I couldn't stand all the anxiety and sadness and confussion. In my mind I have a conversation with God: "Ok, God, if you do exist, if all this, life and existence, has a meaning, send my a sign".

So I went to my grandfather's library, took one of the hundreds of books he has, opened it in one of the hundreds of possible pages, and choose one of the hundreds of possible lines.

It said: "And then, he realized it was all true". 




 http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/horadeaventura/images/4/44/Oow.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130502202758 path-prefix=es 




 They should add a rule on this sub about doll pictures. 




 There is a story in the horror manga "Fuan no tane" very similar to this, only it's about a face in a door. 




 Do you feel guilty for this? 




 Even if we had sex robots that will always find us desirable no matter our look, people would still try to look sexy because its just fun. You know, getting ready for your lover, the rituals, the make up, looking for the perfect outfit... People would still like to look at themselves and think "Damn, I'm looking good!" (please don't read this in Duke Nukem voice). 




 I can't say. I only watched the first one. I don't trust very much in horror sequels, specially if they are spanish, and specially if they get to the ridiculous number 4. 




 *Fly in the forehead* 




 Could you record yourself reading/screaming this? 




 Good to know I'm not missing anything. I'm always curious.

The way you described makes me remember some of my favorite moments of the original movie were the silent and calm ones. That film has rythm. 




 Ok, ok, you are a cilinder. You convinced me. 




 "I don't know about that accent". 




 Do you know there is [REC] 4: Apocalipsis? 




 A mother called Africa 




 Quarantine is an adaptation of "Rec". You might be interested in watching it.

 




 For me, The Fourth Kind was a failed attempt to convince you that something is real with the double gimmick of mockumentary and found footage. Not scary, even boring. 




 It has a scary aesthetic and use of sound, but actually it's quite long and slow. 




 As a spaniard, I'm glad to see a spanish film has had such a success outside our country. 




 I must say I haven't watched the remake (and I don't plan to do it) so some would say I can't really have an opinion. But personally, I don't think I need to watch it to know it's not better than the old one. What can you expect? What can this remake add to the original? Do they really think they can do it better than Spielberg and Tob Hooper together? 




 I've recommended this movie to people so many times, and it's so hard to do it without making any spoilers or generating too high expectations. 




 The 80's original classic, of course. 




 My personal favorites:

-The Shining.

-The Ring, both american and japanese versions, though I find the japanese to be more subtle.

-The Exorcist. I always tell people that this is the only movie that got to really scare me.

-The Saga V/H/S has some flaws but in general is very funny to watch.

-Funny Games, the original 1997 version, it will ruin your day.

-The Blair Witch Project.

-The Poughkeepsie Tapes. Quite irregular, but very scary for some moments. I bet many people have watched it just after find about [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAQNnnfLvkQ).

-Paranormal Activity. That fucking ending though, wtf man, why giving it such a clich ending... Damn.

-Poltergeist.

Edit: I like the first Shyamalan movies too: The Sixth Sense, Signs, The Village. After those, Shyamalan turned shit. 




 [Elly Tran](http://acidcow.com/girls/58371-new-photos-of-elly-tran-ha-39-pics.html)

Feast your eyes. 




 I think this would happen if we got to find God is actually a totally different thing, like several alien entities running our universe in a huge computer simulation. 




 It's a character from the Hellboy and BRPD comics. If I recall correctly, he was having a spiritism session when a bomb destroyed the house and the people inside. So, his ectoplasmic spirit remained free and was later contained in a transparent suit. He has psychic habilities.

I guess I liked his personality. I prefer the [comic version](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/hellboy/images/5/5e/Johann_Kraus_002.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140103030020) rather than the [film one](http://halo.bungie.org/images/johannkrauss.jpg) (Hellboy 2). He is deeper and more elegant. 




 [Beauty, by Rino Stefano Tagliafierro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVPgXJ_aVJo). It has a quite soundtrack though. You should check it out when you can.

Also look for long skateboard videos. They are awesome and you don't need the music soundtrack at all to enjoy them. 




 [I'm watching it now and](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwXH1c--BzQ), god, this movie is even worse than I remembered it. There are more stupid details than I could see the first time in the theater. 




 I doubt nowadays they can make something as bad as Dungeons and Dragons. 




 Damn, you got me... 




 Hey, nice curtains! 




 Of course I'm not gonna try to define it or get into that old argument. I'm just stating an opinion. I'm an artist and that's how I personally feel about my work and art in general. 




 Thanks. It was pretty hard. 




 Yeah, I heard that the sequels are quite better. 




 That's surely even more anti-artistic, of course. 




 Are you planning to get that AI into a [wrecked police robot](http://artes9.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/chappie-wall-e-meets-district-9-and-robocop-what-s-not-to-like-dd18052f-1e71-4959-bbbc-36351e86b1b7.jpeg)? 




 I can't stand psychophonies. 2spooky4me. 




 Cat. 




 Being so sensitive about other people's rejection feelings, like hate or anger. 




 That's right. Thanks. I checked youtube and found some video called "I am a butterfly remix" so i thought it was the real title.

And yeah, Die Antwoord videos use to be very cool. 




 My point actually is that true art must not be made to please audience. It must be an act of passionate creation. Letting a lot of people changing your work of art is humiliating.

I mean, I understand that in the serious show business you have to get profits and satisfy your clients but I don't think that counts as sincere and real art. 




 [This.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5OXON8vIaA)

Sorry, I stole this joke from The Simpsons, actually. 




 Dungeons and dragons, the movie. The whole film is ridiculous but the ending is just the last nail in the coffin. It makes no sense at all. "It's just magic, lol!"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohj1ZIXiO44 t=98m28s 




 Yolandiphilia 




 The "I am a butterfly" song at the end was just ridiculous.

Edit: the song is actually titled [Enter the ninja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cegdR0GiJl4). Warning: progeria scary kid. 




