 The vast majority of studies find limited or no interaction between dietary Mg and Ca intake and absorption of each mineral.  When massive amounts are ingested, the transporter proteins approach their limit; if one mineral is consumed in much greater quantity than the other at these levels, then it will inhibit absorption of the other.  Many studies have established that these effects are rarely, if ever relevant to actual human mineral intake (because the quantities needed to produce this effect are so high).  Note that this is only relevant if the minerals are taken in a form that will dissociate into + and - ions before absorption; this is probably not the case for amino acid bound minerals, which will generally be absorbed along with their amino acid.

The antagonistic effects referenced in the second paper refer not to absorption mechanisms, but to the ways that Ca and Mg interact once inside the body (i.e. after absorption).  This has to do with how the body uses Ca in muscle contraction and nerve signal conduction, and how Mg interacts with those systems because of its similar physical properties.  If you're curious about how these minerals interact inside the body, you would do well to pick up a basic physiology text and read the chapters on muscle contraction and nerve signal conduction.

That last paper was a study of only 5 individuals, conducted about 50 years ago.  It is not a good source of educational material for someone trying to understand how the body absorbs and uses calcium and magnesium, which is far better understood today than it was in the 1960's; its only relevance today is historical.

In practice, there is no need to consider absorption interference between minerals - as a consumer, you can just follow the recommendation of your doctor, or the sane advice of a respectable nutritional columnist (such as those you could find on WebMD, etc). 




 Bleghhh :(

An obvious fiction. 




 ###Submission Statement

This editorial presents a timely and insightful exploration of a passive, isolated, and entertainment dependent generation, with particular emphasis on the sociopolitical implications in our increasingly totalitarian society.

Not everything the author had to say is particularly convincing without prior agreement on the reader's part, but his writing is very thought-provoking.
 









 It wasn't a direct comparison, and I actually felt the example was appropriate.

I know it's popular on Reddit etc to dismiss anybody who mentions Nazism while discussing current events, but that doesn't mean it's correct.

Totalitarian societies, including our own, inundate the public with a steady stream of propaganda accompanied by mindless entertainment. They seek to destroy independent organizations. In Nazi Germany the state provided millions of cheap, state-subsidized radios and then dominated the airwaves with its propaganda. Radio receivers were mounted in public locations in Stalins Soviet Union; and citizens, especially illiterate peasants, were required to gather to listen to the state-controlled news and the dictators speeches. These totalitarian states also banned civic organizations that were not under the iron control of the party.


The corporate state is no different, although unlike past totalitarian systems it permits dissent in the form of print and does not ban fading civic and community groups. It has won the battle against literacy. The seductiveness of the image lures most Americans away from the print-based world of ideas. The fascination with the image swallows the time and energy required to attend and maintain communal organizations. If no one reads, why censor books? Let Noam Chomsky publish as much as he wants. Just keep his voice off the airwaves. If no one attends community meetings, group events or organizations, why prohibit them? Let them be held in near-empty rooms and left uncovered by the press until they are shuttered.

 




 I've actually researched this topic in some depth, and my views are based on my own review of research in curcumin bioavailability conducted over the last several years.  Anyone can google the subject and learn for themselves that the gain in bioavailability of expensive proprietary preparations like the one you recommend is actually quite similar to bioavailability of curcumin + piperine in the appropriate ratio. 




 I think your best bet would be to either google calcium and magnesium absorption, or pick up a basic physiology text and read the chapter on the small intestine (depending on your level of interest). 




 That doesn't seem like a fair characterization to me at all.  It seems like you came with the explicit goal of disproving *something*, without regard to whether that something was actually an intended claim of the author (or actually false). 




 What a pleasant surprise; it is long overdue for Reddit to have a place to discuss anarchism that is both civil and untainted by political moderation.  Thank you both for your work - I trust that the sub will improve immensely under your stewardship as a platform for reasoned debate. 




 Where's the **trigger warning** OP?  You patriarchist cisgendered white oppressor scum! 




 It's extremely rare for the best, most extreme version of a supplement to give the best return on investment.  Better to go with the advice of /u/Breal3030 above:  get curcumin and piperidine in some cheap form and take a little extra.  You'll get the same effect as spending $$$ on the ultra super bestest most bioavailable form. 









 I pretty much agree with your analysis, but reject the conclusion that only idiocy can explain David Cameron's position on encryption.

Politicians often push for legislation that they know will not pass, and which they do not want to have pass.  They may wish to force other politicians to commit to opposing the legislation; they may wish to create apparent evidence of their deeply held political convictions.  They may wish to distract public or political attention from some unrelated topic.  They may wish to pass related legislation that is less extreme or more nuanced.  Etc.

I think it is much more likely that David Cameron's position is simply disingenuous. 




 Fair enough. 3 




 Look, I get it - you think I'm a tool.  I don't really care.

My purpose in commenting here has been to expose a false claim, by showing why that claim was false.  I have not claimed any special authority nor knowledge.

I think you would benefit from some basic self-education in the methods and history of science.  Goodbye. 




 No; in fact, neither of us knows.  If you intend to post authoritatively in science-based subreddits, you should gain a basic education in science.  Everything I have said in this thread is implied by the basic principles of science. 




 Fair enough - I was wrong, that is the tolerable upper limit for supplemental Mg set by the NIH.

It's worth mentioning what that limit represents.

A Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) is the highest level of daily nutrient intake that is likely to pose no risk of adverse health effects to almost all individuals in the general population.

This is the amount that the NIH has good evidence is safe for anybody to take, every day, indefinitely. 




 That is true, and I'm aware of it.  However, this property of glycine does not imply that taking magnesium glycinate in any particular dose is likely to have caused the symptoms described.  An appropriate source would be something like a clinical trial showing that a comparable dose of glycine produced similar symptoms.   




 **You are not a source**.  You don't have any way of knowing why whatever experience you had occurred, whether it was caused by glycine or magnesium or something else entirely.

/r/Supplements is a science intensive subreddit, and for good reason - science is the best basis we have for making judgements about what supplements to take.  It is not appropriate to make authoritative claims about how supplements work and why on the basis of your personal experience. 




 I don't believe that this is true for amino acid bound minerals; they should be absorbed via the normal route for that amino acid, and not by the Ca/Mg ion transport. 




 Do you have a source for that claim?  It sounds plausible, but I have never seen any evidence. 




 I'm fairly certain that you're wrong about that.  Do you have a citation? 




 I wouldn't pay any attention to it either way.  When you notice that this sensation is distracting you, just return to the technique you're using (which, presumably, doesn't include messing around with emergent sensations in your body).

What you're describing sounds like a very common experience, and one that I've also experienced now and then.  Sometimes it comes along with other, stranger experiences, but usually it's just that forehead pressure.  I feel sensations in other parts of the body people like to talk about as energy centers sometimes, too.  I just keep doing my technique and let the experience be whatever it's going to be.

No big deal. 




 I guess we won't agree on this.

Why should you participate?  Because you care about other people, about the fate of your descendents, and of the species and the planet.  If all you'll ever care about is yourself, and you won't be satisfied until you're free, then your best bet is probably to kill yourself right now - you're in for a miserable life (ironically, one that seems to have been pulled right out of a Hollywood revolutionary meme).

Anyway, if you want to debate what makes a good life, we could do that - I think it's an interesting topic.  But somehow I don't believe you're interested in changing your views on that in the slightest, nor on presenting a genuine argument for your own views.

 




 All the numbers are right there in the passage I quoted...

Poll found 59% of Russian respondents saw US as a threat.
Of those 59%, 31% were worried about a possible invasion.
.59*.31 = .18, rounded up to 1/5.

Slow down - all you needed to understand that for yourself was a level of reading comprehension and arithmetic skill possessed by older children in most civilized countries.
 




 From that perspective, there is no point - I can see why you'd like to believe that immediate revolution is possible.  But strong desire is not evidence, and revolution is not possible in this political climate.

I hope you don't take what I've said as a claim that all we should do is pursue change through within-system political action, writing your congress-person and voting and so on.  That would be naive as well.

I think there's a role for that kind of thing, but only when we organize.  When 500,000 people march in the streets and write their representatives and vote a certain way, it does make a difference.  Laws change, politicians change, public awareness and debates change.  It's a small step, an incremental victory.

But that alone won't get us much at all.  There's also a role for violent protest, property destruction, radical political discussions and so on. When systems disruptions reach a certain scale, they also force change in the action of corporations and governments, which must adapt when vulnerable capital is destroyed by activists.

These things are also small, incremental victories (at best).  They effect public opinion and shape debates, and they may change the policies of those in power for the better at times (by making oppression more expensive).  They may draw interest to anarchist ideas and causes.

But it's no revolution.  You aren't going to overthrow the fucking government at a rally, or burning down a housing development or whatever.  This stuff is incremental change, laying the ground for a future dramatic shift.

Some people are better suited to masking up in black and setting police cars on fire in a protest setting; others may be better suited to arranging letter-writing campaigns and politically correct rallies.  Still others may be better suited to starting a cooperative business, which may also be a community meeting place for local political groups run by those inclined to such things.

You know, all of that is really important.  It's all laying the ground for greater incremental change, which may eventually enable that dramatic shift we'd all like to join in our lifetimes.  I think we can appreciate it for what it is, and have good lives even if that shift doesn't come for a very long time. 




 It could only happen if you received secondary screening for some other reason.  This can happen for all kinds of reasons, and perhaps even at random; you don't have to have done anything wrong.  I don't know whether they check this at all, but would assume that they could during a secondary screening (they empty your whole bag and look at everything). 




 The title claim is not true, and is a central claim in the article linked.

The [source](http://washington.cbslocal.com/2015/05/13/russians-see-u-s-threat/) for that claim is linked in the article.  It states:

According to the Russian polling group Levada Center, 59 percent of Russians see the United States as a threat, reports Global Post.

...

Of those who said the U.S. is a threat, 31 percent are worried about the possibility of an American invasion and occupation of Russia.

That is obviously quite different from the 1 in 3 claim in the title.  At best, it could be construed as a 1 in 5.  Even that is a great stretch.

This isn't very good journalism.  The piece misconstrues its evidence in an attempt to convince Americans that WW3 is just over the horizon, and that ordinary Russians are worrying about a US invasion.  Well, why does Vox want us to believe that so badly?  It obviously isn't because it's true - if that were so, they would have cited evidence that actually supported their claims. 




 This is a bad idea.  OP has the packaging from their pharmacy.  If they open up the bag to look at your pills, you want it to look like you ought to have the pills.  Prescription drugs in a Tylenol bottle look suspicious.  In a pharm bottle with your name on it, not so much. 




 **You sure showed her**.  Who cares?  Go start a cooperative or throw a brick at a pig or something. 




 I do the same, but have yet to be selected.  I gave this a lot of thought the first time I was called.

On the one hand, I felt a visceral resentment at being compelled to participate in this cruel and inhuman system.  On the other, I could not ignore the possibility that by being on a jury, I might save some fellow person from the violence of that system.

I remember waiting in the courthouse the first time I was called, just waiting around for hours before we went for selection, wandering the halls a bit.  And one of the security guards suddenly told me to sit; once I did, several police officers walked quickly past, escorting a woman who was handcuffed to one of them.  She looked so sad.  They went into a courtroom.

Not long after this, I decided that I would do whatever I could to get on the jury if I had the opportunity.  I couldn't ignore the potential to help; it was just so awful to see that woman, confined by those horrible people, facing the possibility of imprisonment.

When we were called into our courtroom for selection, all that happened was that the judge gave a brief speech about the greatness of the American trial system - and then sent us all home as the defendant had just accepted a plea bargain.

A lot of big important thoughts for nothing. :P 




 I think that's a naive and unrealistic view of the present situation.  There is absolutely no possibility of revolution, in that sense.  Now is the time for gradual, incremental transformation and growth.  With a solid foundation, sudden, dramatic shifts can happen in time (as they have always occurred in the past: in a context of incremental change).  Political candidates can be a part of that; your framing of revolution now vs. embracing useless liberals as our savior is simply not applicable to reality.  We can use politics to increase awareness and shape debates.  The goal isn't to elect an anarchist or some idiot idea like that.  The goal is to use politics to serve our subversive aims in the long run.

Pretending we can just skip to the revolution is simply naive, and I think betrays a lack of understanding of how dramatic political change has occurred in the past and can be expected to occur in the future (and perhaps an excessive appetite for actions movies).

edit:  Filled this out as you deserved a more considerate and nuanced reply than I first gave. 




 Yes, you'll be fine.  It isn't a high volume, and it doesn't look sketchy - it's an obvious personal use amount, in the packaging from your pharmacy.  If it comes up, you'll be able to talk your way out of it by just telling the truth. 




 I have to agree: OP hasn't even attempted to establish that educational games of the 90s failed, and has an uphill battle to fight if they want to try.

Gizmos   Gadgets was a great game, and taught many good lessons about how to understand engineered systems and manipulate them to achieve a goal.  It also taught many basic lessons of science education (e.g. how to classify and understand different kinds of energy in a physical system).  It is one of many fun and effective educational games from the 90s. 









 No shit he's not a revolutionary; nobody in their right mind would claim that he is.  Who cares? 




 I really think it's a very childish attitude to reject all attempts at within-system or incremental change - a lot of folks here even oppose attempts to bring anarchist ideas into the  public's political consciousness.  Anarchism will not happen overnight, and it will not happen through a revolution that wasn't preceded by a long, incremental undertaking to *at least* bring anarchist ideas into public awareness.  It can only happen with broad public support and participation.

**It is great news that there is an American presidential candidate talking about labor empowerment and workplace democracy.**  It doesn't mean he's a good person, or an anarchist, or that him being president would get us closer to anarchy, etc.  It's good because it's bringing anarchist ideas, or ideas closely related to anarchism, into the public's awareness and into the set of ideas that can enter mainstream political debate.

There can't be an anarchist revolutionary American politician - how could there be, when the goal of such a person would be to tear down the American political system?  Saying "don't be fooled, he's no revolutionary" is incredibly childish and naive.  Of course he isn't a revolutionary - nobody with the slightest understanding of revolution could possibly believe that he is.

So I would argue that this is about as good as it can get in American politics.  Are we going to have mainstream political debates about fucking *labor unions and worker ownership of capital?*  That appears possible now.  These ideas are extremely intuitive to working class people - this could produce a lot of support for a movement toward a genuine participatory democracy in this country.  It's a lot easier to get to an anarchist revolution from participatory democracy than it is to get there from Republican vs. Democrat sheeple politics.
 









 Yeah - that's a really bad idea.  There is plenty of good evidence that eating tons of sugar is awful for you, regardless of the source.

There is nothing natural about eating tons of sugary fruit all the time; it is not part of our evolutionary heritage.  It is not good for you just because it is fruit.  It's heavily bred, relatively healthy **candy**.  The original plants these foods are descended from were 9/10 seeds and nowhere near as sweet. 




 So what?  Decision making shouldn't be based on absolutes, but on what we can do to improve things.  Weakening cartels seems like a good thing - that they will survive doesn't contradict this.  They'll be weaker. 




 Oh, my mistake.  Yes, I still argue that cats may as well go out.  Oh my god - people disagreeing on the internet! 




 Mexican marijuana traffickers will tell you that it's not worth it anymore -- they can't compete with the domestic American price and quality. 

The power of American exceptionalism at work!  Free markets!  The American Dream!

Support our family farmers and the American Way of Life^^TM !

**God Bless Amur-cah!**  




 I think your workaround would successfully dodge the system, and would give the players an edge.

But as I see it, the goal isn't to eliminate all possible ways to gain an unfair advantage.  The goal is to make it inconvenient enough that nobody would do it.  I think my proposed solution would accomplish that for a wide range of player populations, as you can adjust the cutoffs as population grows.

When the player population is low, the computational resources needed are low, and so are the costs to the player for cheating (it's easier to cheat because you have more repeat matchings with friends).  So you set the cutoffs to be quite generous.  This means you have to run the statistical analysis on a greater proportion of players, but that's ok because there are few players.

When the player population is high, the computational resources needed to do the statistical analysis are very high.  The resources for identifying an abnormal winrate remain reasonable, though - no statistical analysis necessary there.  So you set the cutoff for an abnormal winrate much higher, and analyze a lower proportion of users.  That's ok, because users are rarely matched with friends at random in a high population; it's relatively harder to cheat anyway.

So I think with appropriate cutoffs for initiating analysis and for sanctioning the player, this system could make the attack you suggest infeasible in both high and low player populations. 




 I'm not sure I understand; are you claiming that human death and bird death is equivalent for my purpose?  It isn't, simply because human death is not inevitably violent and painful.  Old age is not a cause of death in prey animals in the wild.  Old prey animals are almost universally consumed by predators before any "natural cause" can take them.

Besides that, though - the question of responsibility and not wanting it seems like a reasonable objection to me.  I just don't have any problem with it, personally, unless what I'm doing is actually making things worse for the birds.

Responsibility alone doesn't matter to me.

I don't eat animals, because it disgusts me - but also because if I paid for meat, I would be contributing to the meat industry and its horrible treatment of animals.  I would be enabling them to harm more animals, and making the situation worse.

But what if I came across a dying animal in horrible pain, that couldn't be saved.  You bet I would kill it right there if I could!  I'd gain responsibility for its death, but I'm quite sure it would be the right thing to do, as it would reduce the animal's suffering. 




 Interesting discussion, thanks for linking.

I especially enjoyed this:

The Occupy camp in the richer section of town was nice though, the rich folk would go home at night and hire off duty officers to guard their tents (which were brand new and top of the line, bought just for the event). I had the feeling those protesters might not have fully understood the movement. The younger officers picked up some nice extra pay though. 

Yeah, I think you're onto something there... 




 Or go to your local library! 




 Extremely misleading title.  If you want to make that claim, you should at least use research in whole organisms.  There is much more appropriate scientific evidence available from that recent mouse study, if you want a thread to discuss how this effect is applicable to human use. 




 Instead of forced anonymity, you could do this:

First, have no party mechanic for FFA (as you described).

Second, have the system analyze win rates periodically for users whose rate indicates unusual success.

Use a statistical analysis to determine whether each player's wins can be predicted by their being matched with another specific player.

Check if the prediction can be done both ways.

Players who both consistently win more when matched together than not, to such a degree that it cannot be chance, are sanctioned. 




 There is nothing wrong with it.

It sounds like the smell built up in the air in the bottle while it was left closed for so long.  As long as it's in capsules and the capsules haven't got wet or anything, if you air it out the smell should not return strongly.

But even if it does, it's just what NAC smells like.  The NAC itself hasn't changed. 




 I don't see how it matters what they're killed for.  If someone killed me, I would object because I don't want to die, and I don't want to feel pain.  I don't really care *why*.

I see it the same way with animal suffering.  It's bad because it hurts, and because the animal presumably doesn't want to die.  Like, animal cruelty is not less bad in a slaughterhouse than it would be in a torture chamber.  It's bad because of the suffering, not the motives of the killer. 




 That number is probably skewed by inclusion of feral or rural cat populations.  Sadly, they cite no source - so there is no way of knowing what the figure actually represents.  It should not be used as evidence for any specific population's longevity. 




 Oh, no worries.  I like to bring out the evidence when a conversation turns to empirical questions, such as whether cats are killing a significant number of birds that wouldn't otherwise get killed by some other predator.

Thanks for the link.  It gave strong summaries of studies in which specific ecosystems' stability was compromised by cat populations (e.g. a park in California with ground-nesting birds lost its ground-nesting birds).  So it appears that cats can definitely mess up some ecosystems. 




 Thank you!  That second article in particular, I found very balanced and thought-provoking.

I suppose that in practice, the question of harm is treated as subjective.  But the question of whether a particular species is a threat to the stability of the ecosystem is an empirical one.  It looks as though outside of island ecosystems and certain niche habitats for ground-nesting birds, cats are not a major threat to ecosystem stability. 




 I have a hard time seeing how if the victim would soon die some other gruesome death anyway.  This stuff isn't happening in a vacuum; these animals are all going to die.  So it seems to me that if cats can be shown to make the situation worse, then what they do is morally relevant.  But if it can't, I have a hard time seeing why it matters which gruesome awful death birds suffer. 




 You could use the technique to build a set of roots, which is then used to build a full vocabulary by combining and elaborating on these.  From the OP's words, you might make roots out of "ray" and "loah", "etia" and "nav"; then use "in", "gni", "man", "ero" etc. as prefixes and suffixes. 




 Everything you said makes sense, but you didn't cite a single piece of *evidence*.  I could as easily write paragraph that sounds as true and supports the opposite conclusion, but they couldn't both be true.  

Wild animals die, and get maimed, etc.  It's a fact of animal life.  If my cat doesn't kill a bird, it will probably suffer some other painful, violent death as a prey animal.  Unless cats can be shown to increase the cruelty of an ecosystem, I don't think cat-induced horrible deaths are morally relevant.

This is an empirical question; *where is the science?* 




 Praise Jesus!  God Bless Amur-cuh! 




 the study found no significant correlation between genital dimensions and race or ethnicity, although Veale points out that **their study was not designed to probe such associations, because much of the data used were from studies of Caucasian men.**

Obviously this meta-analysis is not evidence of a difference, nor of a lack of difference. 




 I've seen the numbers estimating how many birds and small mammals outdoor cats kill each year, but I'm failing to see any demonstration that this is harmful to the ecosystem.  Can anybody offer evidence that it is? 




 Traditional Western Christian values have been proven to be effective mechanisms to promote the function of society.

Interesting... 




 Presumably this sample is drawing a larger proportion of non-Asian men than a worldwide representative sample would.  So you'd expect OP's mean length to be significantly longer than the worldwide average. 




 Haha, yes.  When I first started lifting (late in college), I "grew" about 3 inches.  Some of that just had to be a really late growth spurt, but a good bit was the result of strengthening my postural muscles and getting my spine back to its natural position and length.

Glucosamine might facilitate some of those postural effects, according to the discussion in that paper you linked. 




 He's a Republican senator from Kentucky.  He has to support the coal industry to stay in office.

Political candidates positions are **not personal**.  They're strategic.

Some of Rand Paul's positions make me feel like vomiting.  That's true for every major candidate for president I've ever seen; some of Bernie Sanders' positions are absolute garbage, truly asinine ideas designed purely for popular appeal.

These people are politicians in the American political system; of course they're going to have some horrible positions from the perspective of any reasonably intelligent person.  I would vote for Rand Paul in some matchups; in others, I wouldn't.  You could do a whole lot worse, sadly. 




  DINOs 

What's a DINO?  




 At best, that could be an argument for further research to test whether a longer trial would produce more growth.

But lets do the math:  in the clinical trial, they took glucosamine or placebo for 2 months.  You took glucosamine for 6 months.

Your height increased by about 25mm.  Their height increased an average of 3mm.

Imagine if they had continued the trial for 4 more months.  You'd expect another 6mm, right?  So a total increase of 9mm on average.

Even if you assume the most favorable possible interpretation of the results, the effect found that study cannot possibly explain your experience.  At best - and this is an extreme stretch considering how weak and contradictory the results of that study are, and how unlikely a continuous, 6 month long growth induction by glucosamine is - it might explain about a third of your height change.

It's interesting to fantasize about, but I don't believe there is an actionable hypothesis to had that involves glucosamine inducing growth.  If you read the study itself, you'll see that their data are extremely weak: the two examiners doing the height measurements disagreed with each other throughout the study; their height measurements have an error range that's about as large as the reported effect.  The distribution of height changes among participants has a st_dev approximately equal to the reported mean.

For perspective:  this level of variation in height is easily accomplished by a wide variety of chiropractic interventions (e.g. a 2-second back crack).  Just adjusting the alignment of the spine is more than enough to induce a change in height of several mm.

There's a reason this is published in a chiropractic journal, and not a reputable scientific journal of physiology, developmental biology, etc.  Chiropractors are not scientists, and a chiropractic journal is not a source of scientific knowledge.  If this did gain publication in a scientific journal, it would be published as a preliminary trial; the only reasonable scientific conclusion to be drawn is that more research is warranted.

I'm not saying it's all woo woo or something - just trying to put this in perspective.  There is no scientific evidence that glucosamine induces growth in the sense you've imagined. 




 You don't know whether it worked for you - you only know that you took this stuff, and 6 months passed (during which a hundred billion other things happened), and now you're about an inch taller.  This experience provides no evidence whatsoever that glucosamine can cause people to grow an inch.  You have as much reason for believing that pretty much any other thing that occurred during those 6 months caused you to grow.

Think about it.  Which is more likely: that study with the placebo controlled double blind trial of 40 people was wrong about how much growth glucosamine induces, or you're wrong about your causal attribution?  It's unlikely that you're both right. 




 From the study you linked:

'The increase was not huge - it was between two and four millimetres - but this is a significant finding-Osteoarthritis affects an enormous number of people.

'Glucosamine could be helping to reverse the pressures caused by standing upright. It could also be regulating the production of cartilage components. Supplemenation may either increase the total body height of the average person or reduce the amount of normal spinal shrinkage during the day.'

So the effect was very, very small - 2 to 4 **millimeters**.

If that's the best scientific evidence for glucosamine induced height increase, then it seems extremely unlikely that more than a few millimiters of your change in height could have been caused by glucosamine. 
 




 Huge landmass, no clear reason for many existing national borders.  In the real world, national borders tend to follow strategic geographical features. 




 No need to be condescending.  Your post wasn't very clear (still isn't, to be honest). 




 Now gays can marry!  Isn't that great!  God Bless America!

This is so great, I'll just forget all about that huge fucking ~~trade~~ multinational corporation empowerment treaty that's about to ream us all in our collective sociopolitical assholes.  Yeah, let's just talk about ANYTHING ELSE OH GOD PLEASE GET MORE STORIES ABOUT WHATEVER ISN'T TPP QUICK, THEY GOT BORED BITCHING ABOUT FLAGS 




 There is a third: the one who would have sriracha and avocado in the fruit bowl, too. 




 Please tell me they'll ship us dank beans for our bitcoin?

**Shut up and take my money!!!** 




 Well, you're in the wrong sub for that (probably the wrong site, too). 




 The sarcasm runs deep with this one. 




 You might perceive it differently if you were part of the half of the species who gets excluded by this.  Or I guess you might not.  I am also a man; it doesn't seem relevant to me.  My objection is rational, not personal.

I agree that my extension to racial slurs is a stretch.

But think about it:  how effective is it, really, to give an important word two contradictory meanings?  Can you really use "man" to refer to half of the species at the exclusion of the other half, and also use it to refer to the entire species, without causing confusion?  Is there anything *good* about doing this?

The reason the word "man" was formerly used to refer to the entire species is complex, but in essence is something called *patriarchy*.  The male sex has long been seen as both superior and as the default human state.  This is why the word *woman* exists: we refer to half the species as a modification of the other half (essentially: wife of a man).  Isn't that fucking weird?

Well, I think it's weird.  The word woman is widely accepted by women and men alike as perfectly fine, so whatever.  But why use the word "man" as though it represents a gender-neutral word for humanity - it hasn't been that for over 800 years (it was gender-neutral over 800 years ago, before modern English had formed, and before anything like "woman" was a word).  It strongly implies that men are somehow more fundamental to humanity that women, which is obviously not a helpful connotation when we're talking about our species.

Anyway...thanks for engaging me in dialogue.  Always nice to get something that isn't a one-line jab on Reddit. :) 




 I'm neither.  I just don't like to see language used in a needlessly pompous and exclusionary way. 




 Yeah, I see it similarly.  I also tend toward reasoned debate.  But some people like mockery, and don't care for reasoned debate.

And it does seem that these people have to mock *something*; the mockery will continue.  I'd rather see them mock with a decent intention, like in im14andthisisdeep and iamverysmart etc, than just mock for no good reason.  




 Sex and relationship experience is an incredibly important part of the human condition (especially in my demographic)

I won't dispute this.  Sexual relationships are a central part of the human experience. 

and I think I am missing a key component of my humanity by not being part of this.

Yeah, you are.

**But**:

I am a defective human being.

That is ridiculous.  You have no reason to think of yourself this way.  I hope that I can convince you that all this negative thinking about *yourself* is baseless.  It's not your fault, and this doesn't mean there is something terribly wrong with *you*.

Sex and relationship are considered normal in society, so I am right to feel embarrassed at having no knowledge of something so basic and universal.



You have more knowledge than you think.  I was surprised at how automatic everything was when I was in my first few relationships.  You know, I didn't have to learn how to do very much at all; some social customs, sure, but it really wasn't that important.  I knew how to show interest; I knew how to express sexual feelings, and to see them in another person; I knew what to do in the bedroom well enough.  All of this seemed to have been prepared in advance, to be running on some combination of instinct and unconscious social learning over the years.

You know, the biggest problems I had were from things I learned from relationship advice and watching movies / pornography.  Once I had deprogrammed that bullshit, no problem.  Human beings know how to have sexual relationships out of the box.  Not consciously - but when the time comes, you'll have a pretty clear sense of what to do if you aren't busy thinking a bunch of stupid shit you learned "about relationships."

That's just me and my experience, but I'm not special.  My first relationships were late, and I was an introverted nerd in high school and much of my college career.  Once I was comfortable enough to approach people, everything just worked.  Like it should!  You're the product of fucking millions of years of fucking.  Sex is in you.

Sex and relationship experience is something that needs to be worked on to be perfected. 

Yeah, maybe, I dunno.  Relationships are definitely something you can get better at.  Sex is too, but I really don't think it's a big thing.  The first time I had sex, my partner had no idea it was my first time (one time thing).  The next time I had sex, that partner had no idea it was my second time.  They all assumed I'd had sex plenty before, because I was old enough to have and I seemed to know what I was doing.

But relationships...yeah, there is a learning curve.  But you'll figure it out, and you're surrounded by similarly inept people.  This isn't exactly the golden age of human interaction; lots of folks just do the same shit they saw their parents do when they were growing up, and learned unconsciously - they're pretty much at your level, as you've got that inborn and unconsciously learned set of rules too.

If you pair up with someone who's a bit awkward like I'm guessing you are, and you both genuinely like each other as people and as sexual partners, it'll work out fine.  You'll both learn together, you know?  It's sweet.  And you don't have to read a how-to manual first, you just have to go meet a lot of people until you happen across a match.

So yes, there's great depth of learning and growth to be had in the social aspect of a sexual relationship.  That's good news, because that experience is available to you and your future partners.

It makes it exponentially harder to find meaning in life.

I get that.  Yeah, you should be directing significant resources at finding friends and mates right now.

Though once you've done that, I think you'll find the meaning of life or whatever is just as elusive as ever.  Still...it is nice to be able to share the human condition, such as it is, with a close and trusted partner.

But yeah, you won't find the holy grail in another person.  So if that's your quest, it really isn't that relevant. 




 I was reasonably careful not to frame it as man/woman, but men and non-male people.

Why can't we all just be men?  Because "men" has an existing meaning - a meaning that meaning excludes about half of the human species, and that isn't going anywhere.  People will continue using the words "man" and "woman" to talk about each to the exclusion of the other (there is nothing wrong with that in my view).

So it's no good to have *either* of those words also used for 'all human beings,' unless you're ok with implying that men are *extra human* every time you refer to humanity as "man." 




 No, you didn't.  The connotation matters; the way an idea is framed *matters*.  It has a powerful effect on how something reads, even if you understand the literal meaning intended is in conflict with the presentation. Just saying, after the fact: "oh yeah, that sexist language that excludes have the species: yeah, it really doesn't.  women are men too!" doesn't fix anything.

If you think that was a good fix, then by extension you should think there is no problem using the word nigger to refer to black people in conversation.  What?  The literal meaning is just "black person" now - all that slave stuff is long behind us!  Why are you people so upset about it! 




 You must be either very attached to me be wrong, or not very smart, or not really paying attention.

 If a person claims to be rational in all things, but is irrational about something, then that indeed would be hypocritical

I suppose it would be, but it's not what I was saying at all.  My "rational person" does not have to be completely, perfectly rational in all things; they only need to be rational enough that they can't hold plainly false views on the subject at hand.

Anyway, who cares.  This isn't an interesting point; you aren't engaging in a genuine attempt at debate.  Just trying to show yourself that I was wrong about *something* - doesn't seem to matter what, as ever post you make a new false characterization of what I've said. :P
 




 Interesting take on it.  I can see how this *could* discourage a person from a genuine attempt at intellectuality, at thoughtfulness and insight.  But I see it more as ridiculing fairly transparent attempts to look super smart and insightful without doing the legwork to actually become intelligent and learned.

You know, I think it's a good thing to give harsh negative feedback sometimes.  You could nip something in the bud that, if continued, would waste a huge part of someone's life. 




 I think you misunderstand me.  Being irrational isn't hypocritical, no.  But a rational person *claiming to hold a plainly false view* is **absolutely hypocritical**, because it is not possible for a rational person to *actually* hold a plainly false view.

Or, if you want to use a very narrow definition of hypocrisy that only operates on ethical views, just stick "ethic" in there instead of view.  My arguments still run just fine that way. 




 Ahh...ok, so you assign moral status on the basis of inborn human biases that cause us to value another being's life on the basis of how close it is to *us*.

Yes, we have a fundamental disagreement about where morality comes from.  I acknowledge the *experience* of loved ones being more important than strangers, of those with close genetic similarity to oneself seeming more important than those who lack it, but deny that this has any direct relevance to the question of whether any particular entity's wellbeing is ethically relevant.  It seems to me that to do otherwise would serve as justification for racism, speciesism, and a whole host of other really awful ethical positions.

Anyway, cheers. :) 




 **Ohh, the great wonder of *man*, and *his profound* search for meaning in the words of *great men*.**

p.s. **Penis.**

I feel quite strongly that it is intellectually dishonest to offer quotations in outdated, man-centric sexist language as though they are great and profound, implying that there is no problem at all with using language that excludes the non-male half-ish of humanity from a conversation about something entirely independent of masculinity.  If the idea is so great, it will survive a light revision of pronouns. 




 I wonder: what do you mean by thought-stopping? 




 Beautiful.  I love the contrast of realism in the knee, arm, and face, with impressionist droplet and heavy brush patterns that dominate the rest of the view - especially the implied bounce or splatter in the strong vertical of her calf and the brush patterns that rise up from where her foot meets the (assumed) ground, and the splashing sloshing spiral of her dress where it meets her thigh. 




 Bleh, who cares. 




 Regarding potentiation:  I'm afraid I haven't seen any research investigating this.  There is a strong body of research into piperidine (black pepper) as a bioavailability enhancer for curcumin and other natural supplements, but this is a different question really.

I haven't seen any research about galangal, but there is also strong evidence for ginger's cox-2 inhibition.  I don't believe it's been as thoroughly investigated, though - I could be wrong, I just haven't seen any good evidence to recommend a dosage etc. 




 ...

.......

Huh.

Hypocrisy is essentially pretending to hold some belief, standard, virtue, feeling, etc., that you don't actually hold.

Yet you see nothing hypocritical about someone claiming to hold an untenable ethical standard, that conveniently allows the slaughter for food of *only those animals that that person's culture happens to slaughter for food*.

The way I see it, if I can show that an ethical standard produces ethical claims that are plainly false, then I've shown that it is hypocritical for any rational person to claim that they hold that standard.  This is because a rational person can't be expected to hold an obviously false belief; any person doing so must be a hypocrit.

So whether the standard is wrong, alone, may not be relevant - but if the standard is grossly, obviously flawed, that alone is enough to demonstrate hypocrisy on the part of any reasonable person claiming to hold it, and so it is a poor candidate for changing OP's view. 




 On that account there is no such thing as objectivity. All thought is a subjective experience in that way. You've defined objectivity out of existence. Yet, objectivity exists. So there is a problem with your definition.

I don't think so.  I was quite careful to include the possibility of objectivity (although that is pretty much an untenable position for other reasons), and the clear allowance of inter-subjectivity.

My point is that rationality can operate on and communicate about both subjective and not purely subjective phenomena.  I'm being very careful with my language so as not to claim that objectivity is possible, but only that *if it is possible, rationality can work with it*.  I guess we disagree about that - probably because we hold very different views on what objectivity and subjectivity are.  A discussion of such views seems beyond the scope of this conversation, to me.

I don't think there is always a clear why for an ethical rule - at some point it is a brute fact. "X is the rule" because "X is the rule". And the answer to why is simply because it is. 

If this is the sense in which you're writing, then...well, that's a lot to swallow.  You really believe that an ethical rule that affords heightened moral status to animals on the basis of their being companions to human beings is as fundamental as the speed of light?  And you take the speed of light to be established by a tautology...when in fact, it is established by a far more complex justification that took long decades of observation, debate, and mathematical modelling to come about.  This makes no sense to me; it's really quite astounding.  Either I misunderstand you, or you've confused yourself.

 In this case though the answer to why is because companion animals are not just objects but also subjects. Humans can enter into an "I/thou" relationship with companion animals (in Martin Buber's sense). While livestock are objects and not subjects. We can only enter into "I/it" relationships with cows. Confronted with the other we are indebted to the other and owe it certain obligations - including to refrain from killing the other.

Interesting...

I disagree that there is any necessary difference between dogs and cows in this regard.  I guess you view cows as objects, and don't believe that they have subjective experiences?  Or their subjective experiences only matter if it's something that humans can relate to?

It seems quite plain to me that the *kind* of relationship I can enter with a dog is the same as the kind of relationship I can enter with a cow, or a human being for that matter.  It's a limited relationship based on communication through these evolved perceptual and social systems that I have as a human, and that the animal has as whatever animal it is.  The relationship varies in scope and ability between individuals; my relationship with my spouse is deeper and more powerful than my relationship with my cat.  My relationship with an uneducated fool is not as profound as my relationship with a trusted colleague.  But to me, all of those entities are conscious beings that suffer, and it would be equally wrong for me to hurt any of them unless I had very strong justification.

So I don't see the nature of any particular human relationship as a basis for establishing ethical status for any particular entity; to me, its relevance to ethics is only in its utility for humans as a means of investigating which phenomena indicate the presence of another entity with subjective experiences that are good and bad (from that entity's perspective).

edit:  Interestingly, Martin Buber's view was that the "I / Thou" and "I / It" faculties of relation were both equally operable on animate and inanimate objects.  So cows are in! 




  from where I'm sitting rationality demands objectivity

I don't believe that it does.  Rational thought is a subjective experience in exactly the same way that emotions are.  Rationality can be used to convey inter-subjective or perhaps objective statements very easily, and emotionality cannot.  But rationality *is a subjective experience*, and can be applied to subjective experience just as well as it can be to supposedly objective reality.

For example, I could count how many times I felt happy today.  Tomorrow, I could tell you: I was happy 37 times yesterday.  It's a perfectly rational (in this case, mathematical) judgement based on observation of totally irrational, purely subjective emotional phenomena.  It isn't objective - only I can make the observation.  But it is rational.

But that's not my view, my view is that the ability to communicate emotions to humans is one way we identify companion animals. I don't need to know what percent is begin communicated just that some are.

Ah - so you're actually promoting a rule-based ethic....something like "companion animals should not be eaten."

This is what I'm getting at about binaries.  A binary is a variable that can either be true, or false (or 1 or 0 - it has two possible values).  Rule-based ethics, such as "things in category X should not be killed for food", are essentially a series of rules based on binary variables.  You're either a companion animal, or you're not.  This is why they don't have the same measurement problem as systems dependent on continuous variables (e.g. suffering, which can be great or small or anything in between).

They have plenty of other problems, though.

In a rule-based system, you still need to determine whether a rule has been satisfied, whether condition X is met or not met in each specific case.  Is this animal a companion, or isn't it?  That isn't a trivial question.  It also isn't as big a problem as the measurement of continuous things like suffering, which could be anywhere on a broad scale of values.

But more importantly - *why should anybody care if an animal is a companion to human beings*?  What relevance does this have to whether it's wrong to kill that animal for food?  I get that this would be convenient if you wanted to go around believing it was ok to slaughter pigs, and not ok to slaughter dogs, but *convenience doesn't motivate an ethical claim.*  What's so great about being a human companion, that it demands ethical status? 




 It doesn't matter to you whether the ethical standard itself is flawed?

In this case, I could just hold an ethical standard that what most people think is ok in my culture is what's ethical...and you would apparently say that isn't hypocritical.

Somehow, I don't think this is going to change OP's view. :P  "It's right *for them...*" 




 Well, you ignored most of what I said...I'm having a hard time taking this as a serious attempt at conversation.  But ok...

No. Every consequentialist ethical theory that claims to be purely objective has this problem. That's a small subset of all ethical theories. 

This is too narrow, I believe.

(Incidentally, you've misunderstood me to be supporting a purely objective theory, which I am not)

If quantified measurement is a requirement for a consequentialist theory, then it seems it would be a problem for any theory that bases ethical status on any non-binary variable.  It's equally a problem if you base your system on whether emotions are being communicated to human beings or not - how much are they communicated?  A lot?  42%?  How do you decide?

You can't, of course.  So you must accept this as a limitation of any theory that depends on a non-binary variable.  Binaries don't have this problem: if you base ethics on a system of laws, you can determine well enough whether this or that legal condition was met or not, and limitation of measurement is of a different kind. 




  I could easily assume that suffering is only occurring when I observe it and fall into the same error.

This would be an error in your ability to determine the facts of the situation, though - not an error produced by the ethical criterion itself.

How do you measure suffering? How is it quantified? 

This is an important question, and one which has been written on and debated extensively by ethicists and other philosophers.  It is not an insurmountable problem for any ethical theory.  It's also equally a problem for just about any ethical theory, though.  How do you measure and quantify whatever it is that you use to determine how good or bad an action is?  Every ethical theory has this same problem.

Suffering isn't subject to "pure and rational judgment" because it is inherently subjective. Does dropping a hammer on my toe cause more or less suffering than being turned down for a date? Does killing a cow quickly and painlessly cause more or less suffering than not being able to afford steak? Does committing suicide cause more or less suffering than living a full life? You can't measure it, you can't compare it, it isn't subject to an objective analysis.

Hmm...

The way I see it, the only comparisons that are relevant are those between two possible outcomes in a single moral dilemma - so let's consider cow slaughter vs steak, since it depends the least on worldviews about life after death, what makes a good life, and so on.

What causes more suffering - instantly, painlessly killing a cow, or denying some people the experience of eating that cow?  It seems that by definition, the cow's death causes no suffering at all, so we'd better slaughter it and feed it so as not to disappoint anybody.  This is a problem for an ethical theory where actions are only wrong if they cause suffering, and there is nothing wrong with depriving goodness - the potential for this cow to go on living a good life is irrelevant, so as long as it causes *any suffering at all* to deny people the opportunity to eat its body, we have to say it's better to kill the cow.

We could invoke an ethical theory that takes good experiences and bad both into account, and seek the best balance of the two.  In that case, it might be wrong to kill the cow painlessly unless greater goodness could be derived by eating its body than would be loss by depriving it of its remaining years of life.  So it'd probably be good to kill it if some people would otherwise starve, or if the cow was going to die soon anyway (which seems about right).

This is probably better than invoking a theory based on human perception of cow emotions, which would probably not have anything to say anyway - this cow is not going to express any emotions during its instantaneous, painless death.  So your idea would imply that it was ok to kill the cow - or any being at all - any time, so long as it's instant and painless.

Incidentally, there is no existent system of meat commerce that involves painless slaughter, nor that slaughters animals that weren't raised to be slaughtered - usually raised in terrible conditions that cause immense suffering.  So the hypothetical is irrelevant to the realities of any actual case of mass meat production.  Even a strictly suffering-based ethic would find almost all modern meat production to be clearly, unequivocally unethical.

You can't measure it, you can't compare it, it isn't subject to an objective analysis.

I disagree.  You can't measure it, sure.  But we can certainly compare.  It's rough, but it's better than nothing.  Just because our ability to judge these things is limited by subjectivity, does not mean it'd be better to make no judgements at all and declare all ethical propositions to be equivalent. 




 You know, when you frame it as **vegetarianism** people tend to make a big deal.  But most women I've known ate so little meat I doubt they'd notice the difference if it just wasn't around for a few months.  She might gradually adjust with you, without even giving it much thought, even without you having to call it anything.. 




  I'm not suggesting that's the only ethical criteria. You could only reach that conclusion if it were the only ethical critera. 

No, no.  I could only reach the conclusion that one is perfectly ok and the other is wrong if that were my only criteria.  But using both a sane criteria (actions are wrong if they cause suffering and there is an alternative that causes less) and your criteria could lead me to think that two things that cause equal suffering are not equivalent, only because one of them isn't as emotionally salient *to me, the observer*.  That would be a mistake.  My example isn't black and white, good vs evil - it's a case that would be clear-cut that's made fuzzy if you judge with fuzzy logic.

My point is this:  your suggested way is a poor way of deciding ethical questions, and should be disregarded in favor of superior means.  Human emotional salience is simply not a good ethical criterion.  It produces all kinds of errors.  It awards ethical status to robots and television screens, if they look cute enough; it reduces the ethical status of retards and animals that don't resemble us visually.  It makes no sense to use, even as *one factor*, because that factor simply introduces error into what could have been a pure and rational judgement based on a superior ethical criterion (such as the suffering caused by a proposed course of action).

 




  Why aren't the euphoric effects mediated this way? I thought that reward and euphoria (the "liking" aspect in "wanting vs liking") are the same thing - can reward not feel euphoric?

The reason there are two words is *precisely because they are not the same thing*.  This is the central finding of all neuroscientific work in addiction and reward pathways - that reward is distinct from experience (how it feels) and also from whether you *like* it (your preference).  Everything else is built on this groundbreaking discovery, which was made decades ago. 




 I don't believe that it does - at least, not so quickly as you claim.  Can you offer a citation, so that we know more precisely what you're talking about?

Perhaps it's just your choice of language, but you seem to have a somewhat anthropomorphic view of the mechanisms of drug metabolism and of tolerance.  The body does not forget or remember how to metabolize drugs; the liver produces enzymes that metabolize drugs.  The liver does not learn new enzymes; every enzyme your liver will ever produce, you already have a gene for.  The rate at which it produces each enzyme, and each enzyme's effectiveness, can vary in response to a wide variety of factors.  For example, the presence of alcohol induces the liver to produce alcohol dehydrogenase, which breaks down alcohol.  if you drink all the time, your liver gets quite good at producing alcohol dehydrogenase.  This produces some of the variation in response to a drug within an individual over time; how much of the variation is explained by metabolic factors varies by drug, and by other aspects of the situation. 




 I don't believe that your views on tolerance are in accord with existing scientific consensus; also, I believe that you conflated tolerance and dependence when discussing the ease with which former addictions can be renewed.

Do you have any citations to support your claims - in particular, about single-dose rebound tolerance? 




 I disagree that it is ethically relevant.  To me, what makes something good or bad is what effect it has on some sentient being, and whether that sentient being suffers more or suffers less because of it.  Whether I can understand it or not doesn't matter one bit - it might lead to me making ethical mistakes, but it does nothing to change *what is right or wrong*.  It's wrong to torture dogs, because it hurts the dogs.  It's wrong to torture cows, because it hurts the cows.  I don't see any distinction at all.

If I also used your criteria, it could only lead to errors.  I might think it was less wrong to torture a developmentally disabled child than it was to torture a healthy child, because I can't relate to the developmentally disabled child's emotions as easily.  Or I might think that torturing a dolphin isn't as bad as torturing a cat, when in truth, it's probably worse to torture the dolphin (as dolphins are more intelligent and aware, and will therefore suffer more).  What good is an ethical criteria that produces errors like that?  It only complicates and confuses the issues.   




 the ablity of dogs to express human emotion (or mimic it...

Well, by this way of determining whether a living being's suffering is morally relevant, it would be more ethical to slaughter and eat a person who's been paralyzed than it would be slaughter a healthy dog. :/

Your emotional expression / mimicry based ethic has serious flaws. 




 I disagree with your assessment - I don't believe that you or I have any way of knowing where Voat will end up, based on the little knowledge currently available.  I do see the parallel you're talking about, I just don't think there is any way to predict a complex future situation like that.  All kinds of things could happen.

Given the choice right now between Reddit and Voat, it seems fairly obvious to me that conversations that depend on a strong free-speech platform more than they depend on a massive audience are generally better served on Voat for now. 




 I also found this concerning, but this doesn't make the two sites equivalent in their degree of censorship and content manipulation.  Voat is still a far more open platform, with less corporate advertising influence, a far more transparent voting system, presumably no vote manipulation, and with far less moderator censorship.

Only time will tell if it will remain this way, but for now, it is superior as a free-speech platform for the vast majority of users (not so much for jailbait, doxing, and stolen nude photos). 




