 Nice. That must be because he's Robert Fucking DeNiro.
 




 This is a whopper and is going to be much, much more difficult to defend than even the Falklands lie. As people start digging, they're going to find more of these...
 




 Thanks man!
 




 Well, there goes the next three hours of my life.
 









 Another example of how modern feminism corrupts everything it touches. 




 He said he was in the Falklands. Lie.
 




 Nice try, Bill.
 




 Absolutely. Just walk in and say hi, that's the best way. You'll find somebody very friendly more than happy to help you. Seriously! And then you'll get some delicious vegetarian food at the end. Also, the chai is delicious!

 




 This is true of all Sikh temples. Visit your local Gurdwara today!
 




 God I love this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqnQwKAI4OE
 




 http://hola.org/
 




 Fascinating, thanks!
 




 I'm pretty sure the only line that mattered was: "Must like to travel extensively." 




 Thank you!!!
 




 And that is the difference between an artist and a celebrity.
 




 In the Old Country, there was no Blue Pill.
 









 First two episodes were brilliant...so looking forward to more of this show!
 









 "Hell, if you can't win the war on drugs in a prison, where the hell you gonna win it?" 




 Where did 15 of the 19 hijackers come from?
Where did Osama Bin Laden come from?
Who effectively manipulates the U.S. economy through oil prices?

Saudia Arabia is the problem. 




 My friends made a documentary about the issue of alcohol in Ontario, lots of good info here:

http://vimeo.com/111595688
 














 America has been Saudi Arabia's bitch for well over thirty years. Ever since the 1973 Oil Crisis, Americans have been bending over and taking it from the house of Ibn Saud. Who controls the US economy via oil prices even today? Saudi Arabia. Where did Osama Bin Laden come from? Saudi Arabia. Who funds Wahabbism around the world? Saudi Arabia. Where did 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers come from? Saudi Arabia. Just shut up and take it, America, 'cause there ain't a goddamn thing you can or will do about it. Saudi Arabia is your daddy, now get on your knees and squeal. 




 ITT: People who just can't let an example of man's humanity to man stand without fucking bitching about it. Welcome to Reddit.
 




 Yeah, this one was radically different than every other doc he's produced in that sense. It sort of seemed like he was trying something different, but also seemed like it was a bit of a rush job.
 




 Needed an editor, but overall another excellent doc. I'm watching The Mayfair Set right now, an excellent companion piece to this.
 




 China buying more iPhones than US:

http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/4863e400-a363-11e4-bbef-00144feab7de.html 




 Oscar Wilde would be a good candidate for this.
 




 AWALT. 




 It's a great line! You can find him getting interviewed on youtube, he can be a pretty funny guy:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a39ApKeQhQ
 




 He's probably most famous for this article where he described Goldman Sachs as "a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money":

http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-great-american-bubble-machine-20100405

I quite like this piece he wrote about the Tea Party:

http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/matt-taibbi-on-the-tea-party-20100928

There's an archive of his work at RS:

http://www.rollingstone.com/contributor/matt-taibbi

He's also the author of several books:

http://www.amazon.com/Matt-Taibbi/e/B001JRUQ4S
 




 Mostly, but Matt Taibbi is a superb journalist.
 









 Google's version:

http://www.magicleap.com/ 




 Not to be a dick, but I think they'll completely fuck it up and Google will do it better. In fact, they already are:

http://www.magicleap.com/ 




 Gotta love a gun that turns Deathclaws into target practice!
 




 [Rock-It Launcher](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Rock-It_Launcher)! Moira in Megaton will sell you the schematics.
 




 Motherfather chinese dentist!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CpAE9c1lN8
 




 THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME.
 




 This is the thing, if you live in a fair-sized city you'll have some choice, and you can usually find one store differentiating themselves from another in just this way. Or, you can always try a Chapters which seems to have a fairly big comic/graphic novel section these days (at least in my city) and has a bunch of kids' stuff. The linked story was just some guy establishing his feminist bona fides. "I get it! I really get it!" Yeah, because patriarchy. Not market forces or anything like that. Hey, I'm going to go to Gamestop. I bet they have a bunch of games that are just about killing and stuff! Won't someone think of the children!!! 




 Exactly. The comments section in the linked article lists half a dozen comics for little girls, but to expect every comic book store to carry them is absurd. They have limited shelf space and thousands of titles, they choose the ones that will sell to their customers. No conspiracy against girls required.  




 So...you learned that the majority of comic books aren't for little children and that the large corporations that create them cater to their target demographic in order to maximize their profits? Oh, no, you learned about the patriarchy.
 




 Here's a town called [Swastika](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swastika,_Ontario) in Canada. 




 konichiwa, sayonara! 




 That may have been the most piss-weak commentary of any kind I've yet to read on the Charlie Hebdo issue. 




 You get science.
 




 Listen to this man.

Obviously if you just got the job, you're not going to quit right away, but I very strongly suggest you start looking for another job immediately. The thing about this kind of environment is that it's an emotional minefield and if and when you slip up (and sometimes, it's got nothing to do with you), it can blow up in your face very quickly and very badly. Start looking for another job pronto.

EDIT: Another point that probably should be added: Find out who the Queen Bee is and start kissing her ass. You won't beat her in this kind of environment, so CYA.
 




 [The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism, by Emmanuel Goldstein](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Theory_and_Practice_of_Oligarchical_Collectivism) 




 "The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labour. War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent. Even when weapons of war are not actually destroyed, their manufacture is still a convenient way of expending labour power without producing anything that can be consumed. A Floating Fortress, for example, has locked up in it the labour that would build several hundred cargo-ships. Ultimately it is scrapped as obsolete, never having brought any material benefit to anybody, and with further enormous labours another Floating Fortress is built. In principle the war effort is always so planned as to eat up any surplus that might exist after meeting the bare needs of the population. In practice the needs of the population are always underestimated, with the result that there is a chronic shortage of half the necessities of life; but this is looked on as an advantage. It is deliberate policy to keep even the favoured groups somewhere near the brink of hardship, because a general state of scarcity increases the importance of small privileges and thus magnifies the distinction between one group and another." 




 "the only thing in the way of the long-awaited fight occurring is Mayweather's approval"

So...absolutely nothing has changed?
 




 D'oh!

Uh, maybe he dies and then gets resurrected?!?
 




 It's on! I have no doubt they'll make Capt. America 3, 4 and 5....but not with *this* Captain. Let's check back in a few months...
 




 $5 says Captain America dies.
 




 http://hola.org/
 




 "After that, he is to spend ten years in prison and pay a fine of $266,000." 




 I love, love, love this movie. Could very well be the best old school sword fight movie ever made. What John Woo did for guns later, he did for swords in this flick. So much fun! 




 Truly a horrific movie. Brilliant.
 




 When you drop the mic, Christopher Hitchens picks it up and then uses it to make you look like an asshole.

 




 Yo momma has health problems:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzelrlH_pjQ
 




 Zach Snyder + Ben Affleck = Nobody Cares
 




 Wear it with pride.
 














 You are completely and totally wrong. Here's why:

http://www.thewrap.com/in-the-face-of-attack-on-french-newspaper-charlie-hebdo-we-must-publish-print-stand-our-ground/
 




 Great film, thanks!
 




 I was gonna say, alternative headline: Tony Blair Will Never Face War Crimes Charges Over Iraq War 




 Man, Dylan had to deal with some real freaks. According to Chronicles Vol. 1 he slept with a gun under his pillow when he was living in Woodstock. BTW, for any Dylan fans, check this out:

http://dylantube.com/
 




 That interception:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqnQwKAI4OE

 




 My friends made a documentary about this very topic:

http://vimeo.com/111595688
 




 Original from Jim Jefferies: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbvrGiL_s70
 









 Despite the high hopes, she's turned out to be a complete disaster for Yahoo. This NYT piece, I think, makes this clear:

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/21/magazine/what-happened-when-marissa-mayer-tried-to-be-steve-jobs.html?_r=0
 




 
Original: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX7-Vr4IJHs

 




 Gee, guess they'll just need a bit more money to fix that. Mission accomplished.
 














 I think his stuff is indicative of where digital media is headed.

God help us all.
 




 The most exciting Star Wars news since Return of the Jedi.
 




 "For Three Men The Civil War Wasn't Hell. It Was Practice!"
 




 Sigh.

In the last four years, blacks have held community protests against violence in Chicago; New York; Newark, New Jersey; Pittsburgh; Saginaw, Michigan; and Gary, Indiana. Indeed, theres a whole catalog of movies, albums, and sermons from a generation of directors, musicians, and religious leaders, each urging peace and order. **You may not have noticed black protests against crime and violence, but that doesnt mean they havent happened.** Black Americanslike everyone elseare concerned with what happens in their communities, and at a certain point, pundits who insist otherwise are either lying or willfully ignorant.

http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2014/12/black_community_is_concerned_with_black_on_black_crime_suggesting_otherwise.html 




 Here's one from 2011:

http://www.teamstersjc25.com/news/2011/080411_JC25_MarchAgainstViolence.html

Here's one from 2013:

http://progressillinois.com/quick-hits/content/2013/09/26/community-elected-officials-march-against-gun-violence-northwest-side-

Google is your friend.
 




 It's a debate my friends and I love to have because there is no answer. 
One day it's one, the next day it's the other.

SPOILERS:

One of the big differences between the two is that GBU is a comedy, whereas OUATITW is a tragedy. In GBU, they kill the bad guy and get the money, in OUATITW, even though Harmonica gets his revenge, he will still carry around the tragedy of his brother's death, he doesn't stay with Jill, his friend dies and he doesn't get any money. There is some peace to be had in the revenge, but it's still a bummer of an ending. I think for that reason, GBU is more enjoyable, but I'd have a hard time claiming OUATITW isn't a better film. Just the shootout with Frank at the end with that music and, quite possibly, the greatest reveal in cinematic history. 




 It's not a racial issue, it's a drug issue. Legalize drugs, remove the profit motive from the trade and the violence would disappear.
 




 Right here:

http://wgntv.com/2014/06/05/students-march-against-gang-violence/
 









 "I can only give you an answer that is, I think, utopian, I think its far too optimistic, its Pollyannaish: yes. But I dont think for a moment that its going to happen." 









 I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks that this has nothing to do with the movie. The hackers, whoever they are, have some very, very incriminating information on Sony execs. and those execs. will, obviously, do anything to keep that information private.  




 Gary Webb was right.
 




 "For 200 years we have said to the Indian people who are fighting for their land, their life, their families and their right to be free: ''Lay down your arms, my friends, and then we will remain together. Only if you lay down your arms, my friends, can we then talk of peace and come to an agreement which will be good for you.''

When they laid down their arms, we murdered them. We lied to them. We cheated them out of their lands. We starved them into signing fraudulent agreements that we called treaties which we never kept. We turned them into beggars on a continent that gave life for as long as life can remember. And by any interpretation of history, however twisted, we did not do right. We were not lawful nor were we just in what we did. For them, we do not have to restore these people, we do not have to live up to some agreements, because it is given to us by virtue of our power to attack the rights of others, to take their property, to take their lives when they are trying to defend their land and liberty, and to make their virtues a crime and our own vices virtues.

But there is one thing which is beyond the reach of this perversity and that is the tremendous verdict of history. And history will surely judge us. But do we care? What kind of moral schizophrenia is it that allows us to shout at the top of our national voice for all the world to hear that we live up to our commitment when every page of history and when all the thirsty, starving, humiliating days and nights of the last 100 years in the lives of the American Indian contradict that voice?

It would seem that the respect for principle and the love of one's neighbor have become dysfunctional in this country of ours, and that all we have done, all that we have succeeded in accomplishing with our power is simply annihilating the hopes of the newborn countries in this world, as well as friends and enemies alike, that we're not humane, and that we do not live up to our agreements.

Perhaps at this moment you are saying to yourself what the hell has all this got to do with the Academy Awards? Why is this woman standing up here, ruining our evening, invading our lives with things that don't concern us, and that we don't care about? Wasting our time and money and intruding in our homes.

I think the answer to those unspoken questions is that the motion picture community has been as responsible as any for degrading the Indian and making a mockery of his character, describing his as savage, hostile and evil. It's hard enough for children to grow up in this world. When Indian children watch television, and they watch films, and when they see their race depicted as they are in films, their minds become injured in ways we can never know.

Recently there have been a few faltering steps to correct this situation, but too faltering and too few, so I, as a member in this profession, do not feel that I can as a citizen of the United States accept an award here tonight. I think awards in this country at this time are inappropriate to be received or given until the condition of the American Indian is drastically altered. If we are not our brother's keeper, at least let us not be his executioner.

I would have been here tonight to speak to you directly, but I felt that perhaps I could be of better use if I went to Wounded Knee to help forestall in whatever way I can the establishment of a peace which would be dishonorable as long as the rivers shall run and the grass shall grow.

I would hope that those who are listening would not look upon this as a rude intrusion, but as an earnest effort to focus attention on an issue that might very well determine whether or not this country has the right to say from this point forward we believe in the inalienable rights of all people to remain free and independent on lands that have supported their life beyond living memory.

Thank you for your kindness and your courtesy to Miss Littlefeather. Thank you and good night."

This statement was written by Marlon Brando for delivery at the Academy Awards ceremony where Mr. Brando refused an Oscar. The speaker, who read only a part of it, was Shasheen Littlefeather.

http://www.nytimes.com/packages/html/movies/bestpictures/godfather-ar3.html 









 About two degrees of crazy away from Glenn Beck. 




 Fundamental Techniques in Handling People:

Don't criticize, condemn, or complain.

Give honest and sincere appreciation.

Arouse in the other person an eager want.

.

Six Ways to Make People Like You:

Become genuinely interested in other people.

Smile.

Remember that a person's name is, to that person, the sweetest and most important sound in any language.

Be a good listener. Encourage others to talk about themselves.

Talk in terms of the other person's interest.

Make the other person feel important  and do it sincerely. 




 gora = white man (gori = white woman) 




 My friends just made a documentary about this issue:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn555TyJJw0
 




 My friends just made a documentary about this issue:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn555TyJJw0
 




 "There are a lot of similarities between the HBO show (The Newsroom) and what just went down at the New Republic, and its probably not a coincidence."

http://www.washingtonian.com/blogs/capitalcomment/media/the-eerie-similarities-between-hbos-the-newsroom-and-what-just-went-down-at-the-new-republic.php 




 David Simon did an interesting breakdown of the conversion to HD recently:

http://davidsimon.com/the-wire-hd-with-videos/
 














 ...and Reddit falls for another race-baiting troll. What a fucking surprise.
 









 [Who taught you to hate yourself?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRSgUTWffMQ) 



















 I really, really, really recommend his autobiography...give the Spike Lee flick a watch if you want a tl;dr...
 




 I don't know where you're getting any of this from, but my youtube channel has lots (and lots) of clips of him, none of which include what you're talking about:

https://www.youtube.com/user/train_subject8978?feature=watch
 




 Again, he advocated self-defense. If someone tries to hang me from a tree and I fight against the person holding the rope, only a fool would accuse me of violence.
 




 After he rejected the racism of the NOI, he expanded his view to oppose injustice of all kinds, regardless of color. Here are some quotes along those lines:

We will work with anyone, with any group, no matter what their color is, as long as they are genuinely interested in taking the type of steps necessary to bring an end to the injustices that black people in this country are afflicted by. No matter what their color is, no matter what their political, economic or social philosophy is, as long as their aims and objectives are in the direction of destroying the vulturous system that has been sucking the blood of black people in this country, theyre all right with us. But if theyre in any way that compromising, dangerous type of person, then we think that they should be dealt with.

And:

"In my opinion, the young generation of whites, blacks, browns, whatever else there is, you're living at a time of extremism, a time of revolution, a time when there's got to be a change, people in power have misused it, and now there has to be a change. And a better world has to be built and the only way it's going to be built is with extreme methods. And I, for one, will joint in with anyone -- don't care what color you are -- as long as you want to change this miserable condition that exists on this earth." 




 Considering he is largely regarded as one of the most important figures in the history of black America, his autobiography was listed as one of the most important works of non-fiction in the 20th century and he wielded immense influence globally at the time of his death, your dismissal is simple-minded and betrays an ignorance of his actual life and work. I think if you were to learn more about him you would change your mind. 




 *This doesnt say its intelligent. But whoever heard of a sociological explosion that was done intelligently and politely? And this is what youre trying to make the black man do. Youre trying to drive him into a ghetto and make him the victim of every kind of unjust condition imaginable. Then when he explodes, you want him to explode politely. You want him to explode according to somebodys ground rules.* 




 Malcolm X never advocated violence. Ever. He advocated self-defense at a time when black people were being told to turn the other cheek as they were being hung from trees. He said it was criminal to teach a man not to defend himself when he was the constant victim of brutal attacks, and I agree. He also said: "I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence." And I also agree.
 




 Having studied Malcolm X for over ten years, your criticism of him as insane, violent and a racist is, simply put, completely and totally wrong. Malcolm X never advocated violence. Ever. Not once. He advocated self-defense in an era when black people were being hung from trees. While much has changed in the last 50 years, much also has not and I find his analysis prescient. Yes, there were looters and criminals among the rioters, but I find Malcolm's analysis quite a bit more interesting than your (not to be rude) typically simple-minded offhanded dismissal. 




 On the other hand, Malcolm X understood the root causes of the violence 50 years ago:

*In America, the black community in which we live is not owned by us. The landlord is white. The merchant is white. In fact, the entire economy of the black community in the states is controlled by someone who doesnt even live there. The property that we live in is owned by someone else. The store that we trade with is operated by someone else. And these are the people who suck the economic blood of our community. And being in a position to suck the economic blood of our community, they control the radio programs that cater to us, they control the newspapers, the advertising, that cater to us. They control our minds. They end up controlling our civic organizations. They end up controlling us economically, politically, socially, mentally, and every other kind of way. They suck our blood like vultures.*

*And when you see the Blacks react, since the people who do this arent there, they react against their property. The property is the only thing thats there and they destroy it. And you get the impression over here that because they are destroying the property where they live, that they are destroying their own property. No. They cant get to the man, so they get at what he owns.*

*This doesnt say its intelligent. But whoever heard of a sociological explosion that was done intelligently and politely? And this is what youre trying to make the black man do. Youre trying to drive him into a ghetto and make him the victim of every kind of unjust condition imaginable. Then when he explodes, you want him to explode politely. You want him to explode according to somebodys ground rules. Why, youre dealing with the wrong man, and youre dealing with him at the wrong time in the wrong way.* 




 Better than The Phantom Menace. 




 I actually want a subway from Toronto to Waterloo.
 









 David Simon would disagree.
 




 [Twin ceramic rotor drives on each wheel!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2tKc8_7jB4) 




 Liar!
 




 Fame is not a reward granted, it's a price exacted.
 




 Not on the internet!
 




 There is a very good documentary about the topic called Wings of Defeat:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZNy4l2j-Yc

The link is an interesting essay, but I think it misses a key fact about the Kamikaze. It was an unsuccessful, desperation tactic where recalcitrant Japanese generals sent young boys to their deaths because they couldn't accept the fact that they had lost the war. After the first few strikes, the Americans simply changed their tactics. Only 19% of Kamikazes actually managed to hit a ship. Having said all of that, I certainly don't question the bravery of the pilots themselves but there's a tendency to glorify them and ignore the cowardice of the generals who sent them to their certain death for no good reason. 


 




 Unfortunately, history teaches us that sometimes revolutions are necessary to overthrow a corrupt regime. Whether the Russian Revolution or the French Revolution or the American Revolution or the Spanish Revolution or what have you, after years of trying to work "within the system", eventually, after all other methods have failed, it's time to pick up a brick. The corruption has spread so far in Mexico that I don't see any alternative.
 




 "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." 









 WTF is up with France?
 




 I would happily pay a premium for a theatre that only allowed people 18 years and older.
 




 Good to hear Dave is checking out Malcolm X videos!

The Price of Freedom is Death: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2S3ShBexMs

William F. Buckley Interviews Muhammad Ali: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxNqJLx3L3U
 




 I like Kanye as much as the next dude, but to suggest that there is any comparison between him and Shakespeare in any way is just plain fucking retarded.
 









 In my mind, this is what Fallout 4 looks like.
 




 A reveal in search of a movie.
 




 Round 12: Yeah, it didn't work.
 




 End of Round 5: Hopkins is doing exactly what he planned to do. He's going to the corners intentionally, he's getting Kovalev to tire himself out, classic rope a dope...
 




 He escalated a situation and used deadly force *because* he is a dumb asshole. 









 Truly a masterpiece. I love this movie so much, everything about it from the backwards opening credits to the explosive ending is brilliantly executed. The dialogue, the acting, the music, the glowing box....so much awesome. I've seen it argued that this is the "last" film noir, from the period starting with Double Indemnity. 




  Also, it is definitely not normal for the results of a harassment investigation to be public.

However the CBC is a taxpayer-funded organization, not a private corporation. Under the circumstances the report should be made public, or, the investigation itself should be conducted by the Feds and the results made public. 




 This is really worth watching in the unabridged format. The episodes are short and it moves at a fast pace.  




 Sounds like he and Larry David would get along:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUdfdzm0EpU
 




  MaRS

Thanks man!
 




 LOL at the shout-out to KW.

Does anybody know what that office building is at :08?
 




 Now he's a piece of shit:

http://www.citypress.co.za/entertainment/die-antwoords-ninja-pure-evil/
 









 "Have you tried mercenary work? It might suit you."

Pig!
 




 Yeah, it seemed like an abrupt turnaround. Man, I hate that Commodore guy!
 




 Why did the Commodore fire Nucky in the flashback? Was he planning on making him sheriff all along and just reminding him who held the real power, or did he just change his mind in order to get Gillian?
 




 Another big fan here, it's certainly the greatest anti-Samurai film ever made. It's such a classic that it's hard to conceive of anybody remaking it, but Takashi Miike did, and if you like the original, I would recommend it, it's quite excellent.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5I14qkywyQ
 




 It's true...and [this is what the news will be like in 2137.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKC21wDarBo)
 




 The person asking for the photo worked for SUN TV and has since been fired.

http://bc.ctvnews.ca/sun-news-reporter-fired-after-asking-anderson-cooper-for-inappropriate-ottawa-selfie-1.2068133 




 *Knowing our government, I think we can expect a massive campaign to scare us all into accepting a vast expansion of Canada's internal security apparatus. I hope we're better than that.*

We're not. I wish we were, but we're not. Think of Ford Nation.
 




 Stand up straight, shoulders back.
 




 Perhaps my favorite documentary, Trinity and Beyond: The Atomic Bomb Movie:

http://www.snagfilms.com/films/title/trinity_and_beyond

There are a couple of excellent Vietnam documentaries out there including:

In the Year of the Pig:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xdMiKYnCSQ

Hearts and Minds:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d2ml82lc7s

First Kill:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0m573MxXXw

 




 Sikh guy here: I'm sure they are awesome, but their blatant positioning behind him is a little obvious.
 




 Yes.
 




 I love movies and love seeing them on a big screen, but despise going to the movie theatre. It's become like going to a Walmart with a big TV.
 




 I'd like to see Larry Merchant, Teddy Atlas, Dan Rafael, Max Kellerman, Jim Lampley and all those guys call Mayweather out every single week on his refusal to fight Pacquiao. Put the pressure on hard until Mayweather steps up to the plate. His ducking of Pacquiao is a disgrace to the sport. 




 Gary Webb R.I.P.

You were right. 




 ITT: The kind of hysterical emotional knee-jerk thoughtless panic Reddit usually complains about. 



















 This is the only thing I've agreed with Margaret Wente on in the last ten years...at least.


 














 New York Times, March 15, 2010
By WYATT MASON

...By the time The Wire reached the end of its run, commentators
went from posing the coy question, Is The Wire the best show on
television? to making the bold statement,  The Wire is the best
show on television boldness that soon seemed spineless once
seemingly everyone defaulted to calling it simply, The best show in
television history. In the two years since The Wire concluded, a
pitched battle of ongoing praise has upped the comparative ante. If
likening Simon repeatedly to Dickens and Dreiser, Balzac and Tolstoy
and Shakespeare  hasnt proved adequately exalting, Bill Moyers
lately freshened things up by calling Simon our Edward Gibbon, while
the literary critic Walter Benn Michaels went so far as to suggest
that the beauty and difficulty of watching The Wire in English  the
multifarious 21st-century English of Baltimore detectives and drug
dealers  compares with that of reading Dante in 14th-century Italian.
It should go without saying that Duke; the University of California,
Berkeley; and, next term, Harvard, are offering courses on the series,
seminars focused not merely on the sophistication of its storytelling
but also on its sociological and political perspicacity...

Watch The Wire.
 









 Ha...did not know that. No surprise MES doesn't like her. He doesn't like any group but The Fall!
 









 The Fall's Mark E. Smith really doesn't like Kate Bush:

Who decided it was time to start liking her again? I never even liked her the first time round. Its like all these radio DJs have been raiding their mams and dads record collections and decided that Kate Bush is suddenly cool again. But Im not having it.

http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/whats-on/music-nightlife-news/falls-mark-e-smith-really-7779883 




 I love Ali, I love this movie. The only thing it's missing is the greatest post-fight interview in the history of the sport:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5nlheJoCSQ
 




  Sad that police can't simply talk to people before opening fire on them anymore.

They do if he's white. Police negotiate with drunk open carry white man who asked police to shoot him. No charges:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-1UY9aMDWE 




 Guinness, Jameson's, James Joyce and Yeats!
 




 The only reason I still think it could happen is a) Mayweather is all about his legacy and he knows that even if he retired at 50-0 or 51-0 or even 55-0, if he doesn't fight pac in the next year or two, he will always have an asterisk next to his record saying he wouldn't fight the guy EVERYONE wanted him to fight and/or b) this is just a strategy on his part to wait until Pacquiao is just past his prime. 




 My bad...why do I always think it's 50?
 




 I could almost see it...but I'm assuming he wants 51 victories to beat Marciano's record.
 









 It's a great quote, but sadly, there's no evidence Orwell said this. The closest wording we have is: "News is something somebody doesn't want printed; all else is advertising." by William Randolph Hearst. But even that is suspect:

http://quoteinvestigator.com/2013/01/20/news-suppress/
 














 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgcHBcQRlpw
 




 Yeah, pretty sure Saudi Arabia will be there...as soon as monkeys fly out of my butt.
 









 That's *why* they join ISIS.
 




 He immediately becomes a martyr and inspires more ISIS fighters.
 




