 OK. I'll have to look into that.  I have a spare desktop that I can re partition to Linux. 

Any off the shelf stuff that would work? 




 Hi guys, I've been looking into a simple home monitoring system.

I like what the Nest, etc. wifi cameras have to offer, but there are some big drawbacks that I don't want to deal with.

what I want is:

* Outdoor camera w/ 2 way audio ( it'll be placed under an overhang of a house, so only cold would be an issue.  I doubt it'll ever get directly wet.)
* Selective motion alerts
* **LOCAL** storage to my computer, no cloud or subscription fees
* remote access, view and control via mobile OS and web
* wifi setup and communication with my home network (to store the data on my computer).

From what I've seen, [this](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-SmartCam-Outdoor-SNH-E6440BN-Camera/dp/B00P1NAPPQ/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics ie=UTF8 qid=1436402372 sr=1-1) is the closest thing I can find, but it only has a 32GB capacity (some say it can go to a 64GB) and I'm not sure how it works for accessing the data remotely or how you archive the data without removing the SD card.  The reviews are hit and miss as well.

Any suggestions? 




 it's all a matter of perspective.  Living in Bend for 25 years, it was always a small town.  The big city was Portland. 




 It's all frame of reference.  I lived in Central oregon from 1990-2001 and 2003-2014 with Portland in the middle, I just recently moved to the Seattle area. 




 From my point of view if takes you less than 10-15min to drive across town, it's a small town 




 Those little one building villages I don't consider a town.  Grass valley, Shaniko, Brothers etc...

Metropolis=  250k. City=  100k.  Town=  50k.  Village=  5k. 




 Coming from the next town over that is 4x larger, it's small.  Bend is the biggest town for 100 miles in any direction, and its just under 100k people.

However, living is Seattle, it's a tiny, tiny town 




 I'm shocked that there are so many people that get the S without the 6MT.  

Looks great though.  You'll enjoy it.  There isn't another car I would have for the money than the one I have 




 And into two others. http://www.ktvz.com/news/highway-97-in-redmond-reopens-after-injury-crash/33452188 




 This was in a small town in Central Oregon.  The person driving woke up from a coma the next day. The passenger survived as well.

The truck smashed into this and 2 other cars.  So while the meme has merit in its message, this particular case it's the trucks fault.  

 http://www.ktvz.com/news/highway-97-in-redmond-reopens-after-injury-crash/33452188 




 I bought mine from vzw and I'm in this same issue.  I have 47e 




 Depends... When she was in True Lies? Or in Bring it on? 




 I had no idea the little girl in the shitty lost in space movie grew up to be that hot ass woman in not another teen movie.

Almost like Eliza Dushku in True Lies then in Bring it on 




 One got replaced in later seasons, so it's THREE other hot chicks.  Woo! Party 




 You can never go wrong with a Tennis player.  90% of the ones from 1990+ would be acceptable. 




 Mallrats.  Hell yeah. 




 well...after the 4th season of That 70's show anyway.  She was 14 when she was cast.  She lied and said she was 18. 




 She went to my high school for part of one year while she filmed a failed TV show called McKenna.  This was before Party of Five.  She acted like any other girl at the school except every boy at the school said they hooked up with her in one fashion or another.  None of them were telling the truth, but still. 




 It was based on a republican system, but it's hardly perfect.  Now that everyone can get insurance, we need to tackle the actual cost of health care 




 Yeah it just gave insurance companies more customers.  




 It's a start.  It gave the insurance companies way more customers.  But the real problem is the health care costs like you said.  

I'm self employed and my wife is going through a year long software boot camp.  We'll have to spend about $5000 a year or more on health care to make it work out to break even.  We won't even come close to that unless a major accident occurs. 




 The whole book is good 




 They are both great, we'll see how it plays out with the remaster coming out.  The iconic thing about 7 was the cut scenes 




 not sure about the W and Y being only for supercars...unless my Infiniti is a supercar.  I have a 98Y rating on mine. 




 looks like Z rated tires is all you'll need then. 




 They have an ODBII reader that you can get from the big companies.  I'm not sure what it tracks, but it COULD track speed, acceleration, deceleration, basically anything your car's CPU can track.

They would have a detailed picture of how you drive. 




 Well, you kinda contradicted yourself.  your tires are rated for 149+ mph.  160 mph is 149+. 




 you mentioned it in the last sentence.  The circuit is looking for the proper resistance (ohms) to check if the factory light is working properly, hence you have to add a RESISTOR.   




 Mine was DOA.  I just got spare out and it worked  fine. 




 But you won't know that until you talk to them 




 That's the initial D AE86.  

 




 While technically correct, it doesn't seem to accurately portray the source of where people are coming from.  Asia is a big place, but a person from Japan and a person from Pakistan are very different people.  




 Not a column for Indians (not native Americans)?  I thought it was Asian and Indian as the 2 largest minorities here.   




 You should be in the ball park price wise.  You might have to look around for one that has the right options that you want ( took me 2 years to find the perfect one).

Maintainence is very basic.  Change the fluids regularly and check the filters, replacing as needed.  You are good for 150k+ miles easily.

Sure, if something DOES go wrong it's spendier than an old Chevy to fix, but it would be few and far between when it happens.

Consumer reports said the g35 was one of the best cars you can buy overall.

Only the top end Lexus sedan and the Tesla Model S were rated higher 




 [OK, who brought the cougar?](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/ghostbusters/images/7/78/GB1film1999chapter18sc011.png/revision/latest?cb=20111218104117) 




 You won't wear out a transmission unless you are an idiot.  Look into rev matching and heel-toe to make it even easier on the drive train 




 Doesn't Verizon own AOL now? 




 I have 67000 miles on my car.  The brakes have never been replaced.  They are still in good shape as well.  It's how you drive that determines the life of your brakes. 

I don't drive slow.  I've even gone to a track day or two.  With proper use of the transmission, you don't need your brakes for much.   




 Unless you have a super charger, you should be in the mid teens at the worst.  You might want to have it looked at 




 I was on a race track for 8 hours and got 9 mpg.  Wtf are you doing? Flooring it everywhere until red line in each gear then brake hard for stop signs?  Do you live in the middle of nowhere so there is room to do that? 




 I don't think any substantial gains are going to be had that are worth doing.

Any standard hypermileing techniques will improve the mpg.  

These cars don't have the worst mpg out there, but they are pretty good for the hp that we have.  

Forbes did a list of the top 10 fast and frugal cars back in 2012.  Both the 370z and the g37 made the list.  The top 3 were the Porsche 911, boxer, and Cayman 




 http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/05/fashion/weddings/how-americans-learned-to-love-diamonds.html 




 The music numbers are some of my favorite scenes over the years 




 Intrinsically nothing.  They created demand for something that was just a rock.  That's just good marketing.  Think the Pet Rock of the 70's.  Zero aftermarket value.

This person that found the diamond would still have to have it cut and polished to be set in commercial jewelry.  Until that time, it'll be worth next to nothing to most people.

 




 "Have you seen my bear, Tibbers?" 




 Nothing.

Diamonds have 0 intrinsic value.   There is no such thing as a used diamond.

The DeBeers company made a huge ad campaign a while back to make people think that they are rare and worth a lot of money.

They aren't rare, the supply (and therefore price) of them is controlled by one company.

Think of how many jewelry stores there are in the world.  When is the last time you saw one say, "sorry we're out of diamonds today because they are hard to come by and we didn't get any" 




 Anyone with an actual agreement with them is banned from discussing the details of it, so this thread will all be guessing 




 no clue. I just regurgitate stuff i hear.  

My wife is the biochemist. 




 I'm pretty sure Fluoroantimonic Acid is used in the Semi conductor industry  




 You aren't a majority shareholder, so you are only an expense that is negativity impacting their bottom line.  You are also a dime a dozen, so if you don't like it, they will find someone to replace you.

Going public is the worst thing a company can do.  As soon as that happens, it's all about how to make more today than you did 3 months ago so you keep the shareholders happy and your stock price goes up.  Employees and customers are a distant priority behind meeting sales expectations 




 That makes more sense 




 Nope.  Amazing forehand, pretty good backhand.  Excellent hands at the net.

My problem?  I wouldn't do more than 2 of these amazing shots in a row.

I was terribly inconsistent 




 "Andy Roddick has many 225km/h (140mph) or faster serves on his record but only his personal best of 249km/h (155mph) is included."

Like I said, there are a few that can do it consistently.  

This would mean that is one of the top 30 players ever, not top 30 serves ever 




 Three points? I don't think so.  3 games, maybe. 




 Pretty sure they've seen quite a few that are faster.  Roddick was in the 150's a more than a few occasions.  

I think there are several pros in the top 200 that can do 143 consistently. 




 I have a 100mph serve, but barely made varsity.   




 The silenced .50 cal sniper rifle does 1 shot kills to the head of the heavy troopers.  With the high powered scope, I could clear most of not all the camps without setting foot in them 




 Thank you Marla 




 I read on here that a guy got some burn in because he Reddited you much.  I don't think you'll have an issue unless you have the screen on for hours on end that's not a full screen video 




 They aren't falling, but it's less expensive.  There are a lot of good, high paying jobs available here, so it's a good place to live even in the suburbs 




 That's why I said suburbs.  




 Seattle is still building, especially in the suburbs 




 I was saying that if you go to spa, it might favor the higher hp P1.

I wasn't saying go to an oval 




 It was a good report.  However the conclusion was that the track was more suited to the awd setup.  I'm sure there would be a different result on a different track. 

They were so close it's splitting hairs 




 No idea on that.  I had the dealership do it all 




 You can get a back up camera and nav.  Mine has it.

I've only got 9 mpg on a race track. 




 I've heard it's systemic, so I'd have it checked to be safe.  It's plastic, so you could be proactive and have it replaced with a metal one before it fails 




 haven't tried to get the scratches out.  It's been detailed a few times, but that's a hard spot to get a buffer to.

there is no slave cylinder on an AT, so dont' worry about that.

Fuel milage is ok, not amazing but not horrific. It's a good hp/mpg ratio.

It's been the best car I've ever had. 




 I still call the stuff they sell "Hate Chicken" 

I've never been there, and they will never see a penny from me.

However, if someone bought an extra one and offered it too me, I'd eat it. 




 My car has the same scratches in the same spot.  Its from fingernails and other stuff that's on my hands.  

I bought [this](http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B009OBCAW2?psc=1 redirect=true ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00) and took a DC - USB power port next to the RCA inputs and connected them with a 3.5mm - RCA cable (I think it might have come with some, but I already had it).   It's 2x as loud as just the cable direct to the ports from my phone.  I had to turn up the car volume and the phone volume to the max to get good driving levels.  Now it's too loud at 50% car. 

You can probably get the curbed wheel repaired for less than $300

The only problem I've ever had was the slave cylinder failed at about 55k miles.  Normally that isn't too big of a deal, but it took out the master cylinder, the clutch and the flywheel with it.  So it was like a $4k repair.

Get that checked if it's a MT because apparently it's a known issue, but they won't do a recall on it, and WILL NOT cover the failure out of warranty.  




 LiDAR and RADAR are both used by police and are picked up by good detectors.  Same principles apply.  If there is no signal to detect, it can't alert you.  If you are the only car in the lane, and a cop just powers in on briefly and only at you, the detector will go off, but it's too late. 

The false positives of detectors have gone down over the years, but it's not 100% fool proof. 




 meh, in the city, it's probably 6 of one 1/2 dozen of the other.  The detectors can pick up false signals, and if the cop doesn't hold the laser on, you can detect it until he pops you.  By then it's too late.

Same goes for the app.  Someone has to see the trap being setup and use the app enough to report it.  I get a lot of false positives on there.  I wonder if cops report themselves then move on just to slow down the people using Waze. 




 Yeah, they are CCD detectors which can read a 785 laser uncooled, but their sensitivity aren't as good. 




 Yeah, that's why I didn't mention the lasers themselves. the detectors and the batteries to power them need to catch up 




 I sell something that was invented in the late 90's that touted itself as a tricoder.  They got a cease and desist letter from CBS 




 532 is a really sensitive wavelength.  I deal with 1064 a lot, and it's 16x weaker. 




 When battery tech and cooled detector tech gets small enough.

Lasers suck up a good deal of power in most scientific applications.  Detectors in NIR and RAMAN spectroscopy usually need to be cooled to get the best sensitivity to get lower levels of detection.   




 http://i.imgur.com/tI2xGob.jpg 




 https://youtu.be/TSYxXKzmCho

Here you go. 




 I thought those wraps are reserved for only stacks of ones.  Each denomination had a different color and they were x*100 in value. 




 I've seen 40% methanol in samples pulled from bottles.  It's lethal. 




 About 4-5 lbs.  www.rigakuraman.com  Yeah, they have distributors world wide. 




 Lynnwood just has the big blue bin 




 My guess is the metal substrate makes the first layer stick really well to the reflective surface, then it just piles on.  The plastic bumper is smoother so harder to start the first layer. 

That and the voids you see are the grill.  The radiator could be just as bad 




 Why are there so many bugs?  Big still lake right next to the highway that you drive on and it gets pretty warm in the summer.  Good breeding grounds for them.  I've driven this same road.  It's nasty 




 They might not spike it with anything, they just don't remove the methanol.  

I sell portable equipment that can tell the difference between legit and counterfeit alcohol (and lots of other things).  I've seen an application method explicitly for this purpose and location 




 It took months to find a used car for my wife.  We had the make and model picked out, but it couldn't be black, white, or grey/silver.  We'd have taken red, blue, orange, yellow, etc.  Finally found an orange one.  Looks great next to my bright blue car.   




 Rooting is very simple and you won't be able to edit the build.prop otherwise.  Might be worth looking into how to do it 




 ...and this is? 




 Functional Public transportation.

Most of our cities are just terrible about implementing any kind of real permanent solution.

I was in Munich, but staying out at the airport,  for Oktoberfest.  Didn't set foot in a car the entire time I was there. 




 It's been awhile since I've gone in there, I knew it was up there.  I don't know if I've ever noticed a UHD stream even when I have a 100mb/s connection. 




 The lowest I've ever got was 15.5, but that was flooring it all over town.  

The best was 28, but it was 100% cruise control for 400+ miles.

I'm usually ~21 with mix of interstate and city. 




 Number 4 and #13 contradict each other.  




 Just finished sophomore year of high school.  So that meant biking to downtown to get some ice cream or sodas at the local sweet shop. 




 Normal business...maybe.  

Retail? nope.  

If people have more free time, then they will be wanting to go out and do things more, so that sector will need to be more available to the new times people have. 




 At the highest speeds, Netflix is 2gb / hr.  You can, however, go into your account settings and cap the Fidelity/throughput so that it doesn't go the best possible, saving some data.  

You could try it with an unlimited data mnvo first to see how much data you actually use, then go to Fi 




 They write off the difference as a "loss".  Do their tax bill is lower 




 You call them when you arrive and only then do they bring your car around and warm it up.

I was supposed to get in at 10pm, but didn't get in until 4am, same service. 




 It's about $25 a day to park AT Sea-Tac now.  But there are park and ride places that are much cheaper and shuttle you to the airport.  When you get back, they have your car warmed up and waiting.  not a bad gig. 




 I thought the industrial area south of downtown was "South Downtown" or "SODO"?

Wallingford, Phinney ridge, Greenlake, Freemont are usually referred to as themselves, so I'm not sure why they would even try to group them together? 




 This is exactly how I ran into him too.  I was there in 2013 when they announced the PS4 and XB1, so it was a hell of a year to go. http://i.imgur.com/pDhUYw4.jpg 




 There is (or was) a contest where if you could prove a cable was better than the coat hanger, they would give a bunch of money.  AFAIK, no one has collected. 




 I'm too lazy to learn to not kill myself with one of those, plus I'll spend about $3.50/cart and each cart will last a month or more.  I don't shave daily. 




 leasing?  You always have a new car every three years and it's cheaper than new car payment.  Downside is you never own anything and can't really mod it. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zie8fddafw 




 are you saying you want to add the Nav Package to is non premium 08?

That will cost a bundle even if you could get all the parts, the install would be a nightmare.  There is a reason you can't find people doing it. 




