 I keep meaning to try them. Are they wheelchair accessible? I know of a few places around here that I can only get into when I come with other people. 




 Nice building. Shame it's packed full of crooks and traitors. 




 I really like Iron Hill. Their porter is fantastic and their food is none too shabby, either. Pricey, though.  




 West Chester, actually, which isn't terribly far. My girlfriend and I like to pop by Conshohocken for furniture now and again. We'll have to check out some of their beers. 




 I had tried Prima Pils, and you're absolutely right. Tasted like a lemony-orangey Tsingtao.  




 The laws definitely take some getting used to, but where I live has so many bars nearby that the switch is super easy - if a slight bit inconvenient. I'll have to check those places out once I have an occasion to get into the city proper. 




 Downington is actually really close to me. I might do just that. 




 The three stars represent the past, which we must ever be mindful of; the present, whose importance needs no mentioning; and the future with all the promise it holds.

The 13 stripes represent the 13 states usually associated with the South.

The triangular motif is to represent the dynamics of time and the mending of past rifts, symbolizing the desire most Southerners have to mend the wounds of the past and move forward as part of a country we love. This point is exemplified in the joining of the two red stripes bordering the blue triangle. 




 That actually sounds incredibly interesting. I'll have to give it a read. 




 Well, I had never stated that the factory committees needed to go away, as consensus is more often than not the best decision maker. Unfortunately, consensus can be difficult to build in conflict or crisis situations. I suppose that functional titles are fine in placid or sedentary organizations where change is slow in coming, but rapid and dynamic fields demand hierarchy. Hospitals and armies, for example, need ranks and authority. Factories, supermarkets (which should ideally be replaced by growers and farmers markets), and many technical fields can function quite well under the initial Soviet model. 

But yeah, fuck Stalin and his revisionist, reactionary ways. We agree there, I think. 




 Unfortunately, this was tried by the Voyenrevcom after the Russian revolution. Ranks, much like every other form of organizational hierarchy, were seen as bourgeois and oppressive and were thus done away with, replaced by functional titles. This worked quite poorly for the Red Army and served as an abject lesson. Unfortunately, hierarchy of some sort or another will always be needed, be it in offices or factories or the battlefield. The challenge is to ensure that everybody is compensated fairly and has equal opportunity to advance within this structure. 




 Coming from Georgia, I'm glad to hear this. They have some decent beers and I'm sure people will enjoy them. 




 I'm in the Philly area, to be more specific. My taste gravitates towards lagers and pilsners and I tend to not enjoy beers that are excessively citrussy, so I don't often find myself drinking ales. Pilsners, porters, and lagers are my go-tos.  




 Right. That's literally the first Confederate National Flag with the seal of Georgia added. Exactly as I said. 




 Send a mod message. I'm sure they'd love to do such a thing. 

A few people have already made posts about it, so there's definitely interest. 

[Insert shameless self promotion of my design.](https://i.imgur.com/n55ZjuE.png) 




 Would Dr [REDACTED] approve of using D-class personnel on such a [REDACTED] without [REDACTED]? 




 An airborne strain of the FEV, combined with lingering traces of the New Plague, have probably led to pretty much every organism in North America carrying mutatious viruses to some degree. Realize that the Enclave had to resort to kidnapping Vault populations for FEV experimentation in Fallout 2, as everybody else was a carrier. This isn't conjecture. It's all plainly stated in game. 




 This is what I came to say. Realize that to make something nuke proof will require a degree of flexibility in order for the structure to better absorb seismic shockwaves from ground detonations (which are actually quite rare in nuclear doctrine, as most nuclear exchange scenarios call for extensive use of airburst detonations, maximizing damage over a larger area. The extensive radiological contamination and presence of obscene amounts of, erm, fallout leads me to believe that the Chinese of the Fallout universe favored ground detonations.).

Anyway, in order to counter the almost earthquake like forces at play in ground detonations, many real world underground shelters, like nuclear silo control rooms, were built with hinges and joists pretty much everywhere. Realize that by the outset of Fallout 3, Vault 101 was over 200 years old. These joists and joints and hinges would have corroded and decayed. Honestly, I'd have expected the whole place to fall apart much sooner. We can engineer structures to survive a nuclear war, but humanity will never outlast the sands of time. 




 Well, technically, zero isn't a negative integer so it's not like there's any problem with there being a Vault 0. 




 There are apparently 43 of them. 




 Just out of curiosity, is this the Exton, PA one? I've never seen Boscov's anywhere but there, but apparently they're a chain. 




 If this doesn't fit here, I'll gladly remove it. 




 I didn't know they had a subreddit, too. Subscribed. 




 That's just Carl. He's friendly. 




 To say that what capitalism is is inherent on the states it's produced is as flawed as Calling soviet Russia an authentic communist state

Hm. Those are terms that I'd understand. Got a source on that book? Is it in wiki commons or anything? I lean Marxist, if only because I'm fairly convinced that mankind can never possibly build Communism, but am always open to exposing myself to other points of view.

I do suppose, however, that my biggest problem with capitalism lies in its inherent ability to exploit and corrupt - much the same problem present in most strains of Socialist theory, mind you. Any time the exceptional are allowed to rise, they will generally abuse said power and exploit the proletariat. Advancement, it has been proven, rewards low level sociopathic traits to a degree. Further, the disabled and the elderly seem to have very little place in capitalist societies unless they demonstrate incredible intellect. Being a merely average cripple myself, that's a bone of contention for me.

Socialism, while *horrendously* flawed, seems much less ethically distasteful than capitalism in every form that I've encountered it.

I just realized that this has turned into a debate, so I apologize profusely if you weren't looking to get into one tonight. 




 Basically, yeah. Anybody who says that the Chinese people who built the railroads weren't slaves might not be dealing with the fullest understanding of history. 




 Well, capitalism can be viewed as an outgrowth of feudalism. It's vast power in the hands of private individuals. It's hereditary wealth sustaining the upper classes. It's the few and the powerful owning and controlling the means of production. They're really quite similar, fundamentally speaking. In many parts of the world, the practical differences between capitalism and feudalism are more or less down to semantics. 




 Well, "paid." It's rather like what happens in a lot of sweatshops or in Scientology's Sea Org. You're paid, but when it's not in [scrip](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrip) you're docked for things like food, healthcare, tools, training, and mandatory housing. What they charge you for these things often ends up costing more than you make. Happily, they have a solution for you. Just work off the balance of what you owe. But you never work it off. You'd leave, but some grubby sheik has your passport and the factory is locked. They've bought the cops and you don't know the language. So you're stuck.

Isn't capitalism just wonderful? 




 Pretty sure anybody well versed enough in American history to know of the Confederate national flag knows that the founding fathers were a bunch of slave owners with designs on killing pretty much all of the indians. 




 Reality, mon ami, is seldom fun. 




 The Confederate national flag was invented by bigots. Ideologically, it's a lot less palatable than the Battle Flag. 




 That's sort of disappointing, but it sounds reasonable enough.  









 Realistically, I'm not sure where this thing could keep the vast amounts of fuel it would surely need to carry a person or any meaningful quantity of cargo around for any useful length of time - especially under battlefield conditions. 




 I'm going to find a way to project this onto random street corners at 3 AM. I'm sure people will enjoy that. 




 Curse your affable and agreeable nature! You bring shame on the internet's proud tradition of petty anger!

Not all of them, although I am uploading a horror video as we speak. My horror short story readings are all located [in this playlist.](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5NKk7FnEK6iOkWiIKAQSQHpaWzO1ybhn)

The rest are principally product reviews and whatever strikes my fancy. 




 Glad we were able to smooth this over so reasonably! I hope you liked my performance of this, by the way. I intend on doing tons more, as it's a lot of fun and people seem to at the very least sort of favor it to a degree. 




 Ah. I wasn't getting uppity. I suppose I was being defensive because I thought you were being a bit too persistent in posting that. And I didn't mean to imply that you'd posted it twice in the comments. Poor wording on my part, terribly sorry. Rereading that, I did come off as terribly defensive, didn't I? 

Now, as an artistic decision, I defend what I did; but I can also see some merit in what you're saying as well. 

As for the window, I had also picked up on that. I wonder if I shouldn't start tweaking things more before I read them?  




 As I stated in the comments of the video, where you felt the need to post this ~~twice~~ additionally for some reason; the knock on the door was supposed to be the noise. I was experimenting with changing things up a bit from the original. 

The thing that's not right is evident if you pay attention to the window. 




 Governer Purdue had promised to restore the 1956 flag, or have a referendum on the matter. In any case, a deal was reached behind closed doors that kept it from even coming to a vote, and this was seen as a grievous betrayal by many. 




 So what *are* the other Southern flags that haven't been twisted by bigotry? 




 Well, Chelsea Manning is something of a special case. What she did was treasonous, but it was a treason motivated by a strong conscience and sense of ethical propriety. Seeing as how so much good came of that leak and the public now knows much more about the horrible things our government is doing, I'd say that it's a justifiable treason.

Besides, you'll often find that your Chelsea Mannings and Edward Snowdens are motivated by deep seated patriotism. We could use more traitors like them. If you want some traitors to be angry at, look at the ALEC and Wall Street thugs who stole our country from the working man.  




 Well, it's more like if Germans went around flying Black, Silver, and Red flags and remembering the Germans who fought in WWII while disliking (or perhaps feeling no particular way about) National Socialism. Nazism =/= German pride. In much the same way, Racism =/= Southern pride. 

The Confederate Battle Flag isn't so terrible. It was simply the banner of a group of men who fought back against what they saw as an invasion from the North and is therefore a perfectly valid symbol of rebelliousness and Southern heritage. It's the first national flag of the Confederacy that was forged by a bunch of slave owners for a government designed to keep black people in bondage. That one seems to get a pass, though. It's even in the state flag today as a 'compromise' from when people got offended about the '56 flag. It seems like a step backwards to me, but whatever. 




 This. People who say that the Confederacy was treasonous forget that the Union was a voluntary association of equal states. The Confederates were bigots and racists, sure. The Confederacy was many highly unpleasant things. But was it treasonous? Not at all. 




 Based on [a story](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscarystories/comments/2ocnvo/wait_somethings_not_right/) posted in /r/shortscarystories by /u/morasyid. 




 It's like the world's least threatening Terminator. 




 Are you from the Ukraine or something? How could any reasonably informed person support this? 




 Buckhead and anything in Cobb County, sure. The rest is pretty well mixed. 




 I think the mods are removing comments in here, fyi. 




 Except that the Georgia flag has the state seal added, so it's not *exactly* the same. 




 Actually, I'm in Philly. A fairly affluent part of Philly, I'll grant, but nowhere near as diverse as affluent areas of Atlanta or Charleston.  




 Look harder to find that black people and latinos weren't in my daily life? I'm sort of confused, here. "Look harder," you say? I've seen all of five black people since I moved North and no latinos. They tend to stay in their own areas. In the South, whites, blacks, latinos, and everybody else mingled pretty freely. I think you might be wrong here, aghalide. 




 As I said in the other reply to this comment...

I just recently moved out of the South after living there all my life. I saw far more racial integration in the South than I have since coming to the North. 




 I just recently moved out of the South after living there all my life. I saw far more racial integration in the South than I have since coming to the North. 




 If you know English, it's not too terribly difficult as compared to Russian or Japanese or Arabic or something. It's also pretty much a given that you can find speakers of the language on every continent, if not in every country. It's a very rich, widely spoken language and I can't stress enough how awesome it is.

Visit us at /r/learnfrench if someone here convinces you better than I can. 




 In many, many ways the wounds of the Civil War still bleed very deeply in the South. That said, it's also actually a little better about race in some ways than the rest of the country. 




 Oh, Bungie. You used to be cool. What happened? 




 France has always been America's bro and I will personally punch anyone who says otherwise.     




 My interpretation of the situation back in California is that the East Coast Brotherhood is on a much better material footing than the home chapter, but hasn't got as much in the way of leadership and strategic expertise. The DC Brotherhood simply lacks the scribes, Elders, and veterans that California has. So I think that it's tough to say that either one is really stronger, they just have different strengths.

That said, given the West Coast's political situation, I feel a lot less hopeful about the California Brotherhood's long term prospects than I do the DC Brotherhood's. 




 I wish you could see it like I do, Shepard. 




 I'm usually an AK purist, but this thing has a really aggressive and almost post-apocalyptic look that I'm really liking. 




 Was it... Was it good? I tried to go for an Ian McDiarmid sort of thing. 




 There are times that I forget about the millennial to snake people extension I have installed. This was one of those. 














 Well, I've never seen the Heart of Lorkhan and HK-47 in the same place at the same time. 




 No, see, due to privilege it's not enough to be egalitarian. You've got to only be pro black/brown. Being pro everyone is the new KKK. 




 Does anyone actually believe this or are those two notes people calling her a deluded cray cray? 




 Well, those things do give nationstates a much better *standing* in the great footrace that is human development and progress, so the analogy holds.  




 This is good. The reason so many shootings happen at churches and schools is because nobody expects they'll return fire. Gun free zones kill. 




 It's also easier to use! WIC exists, and if you've ever been a cashier you know how much slower those are.  




 Looking at it through that lens, I suppose I can see how that would draw people. 




 And his science fiction was pretty okay, I guess. There were certainly better pulp writers in that era, but there were also worse people churning out SF literature. But that didn't sound like scifi. That sounded more like some kind of gibbering rant.  




 What was he smoking? 




 As a paraplegic, I love seeing stuff like this advancing so much. 




 Oooh, I'd love to see those. 




 Honestly? No idea. Airplanes are a bitch if you're in a wheelchair and there's no way my car will make it that far. I still don't even have a hotel. This may be the first year I miss. 




 Looks about like what I'd imagine. 




 The Flatwood Monster is one of my favorite cryptids. Sadly, it was probably just an owl. Adrenaline does funky things to one's memory. 




 I... I liked the muppets. 




 Got this on vinyl. Good stuff. 




 It's kept me playing, at least. 




 Fuckin' knew I'd heard that somewhere. 




 But don't they promise stuff like superpowers and immunity to disease as you move up the bridge? Isn't the tech supposed to hold the cures to all of one's ailments?  




 If anybody with any org experience wants to correct me on CoS's modus operandi, feel free; but I'm pretty sure it would go down exactly like that. My experience was with Christian faith healing schysters, but I'm pretty sure all of these charlatans work the same way. 




 Fellow disabled guy, here. (Spina bifida and above the knee amputation specifically.) I always sort of assumed we'd be more exploitable to them. Your local Sea Org con artists would likely promise that by working up the bridge, you could gain the ability to walk. When you naturally failed at this, you would have to be reaudited. They would frame it as your failure and you would be forced to take more and more classes and spend more and more money. The tech would never be to blame for this, for LRH's technology is flawless.  




 This. I tend to get around 100 views on the videos I bother to share. I've made all of like 50 cents in the past few days, but the e-satisfaction is real. 




 It's quite often associated with the South and its rural areas are pretty similar, culturally. You'd be surprised. It sort of reminds me of the coastal South in a lot of places. 




 You might just be on to something. 




 I'm glad you agree. I adore the South, so if we could get a new flag that represents the whole region and all races that call it home, I'd be very thrilled; even if it's not my flag. Southern pride will be much more attainable and palatable if we can shed the symbols of the Confederacy and heal the past divisions amongst our people. 




 And I suppose Malaysia's flag is too American? Or, perhaps, Ohio's flag is too Puerto Rican? Or maybe Puerto Rico's flag is too Cuban. I mean, I get your criticism, but stripes and triangles are sort of broad at this point.  




 I had considered that, but I'd rather the stripes be dominant than the triangle. It was down to this design or another for me and the other way had the triangle jutting much too far out. 




 Texas, West Virginia, and Maryland; actually. The South is a cultural region comprising a bit more than just the former Confederacy. There are many states that never seceded which are at varying times by various people identified as being Southern. 




 Ah, damn. So it does. The perils of using flagmaker with very little skill in the program, I'm afraid. Glad you like it, though! 




 I love the South and much like Cascadia and New England, I believe it deserves a regional flag of its own. However, the old symbols of the Confederacy are much too divisive to represent a region and its aspirations for the future. Therefore, I felt compelled to use what little graphic design skill I have to put forward a replacement.

The 13 stripes represent the 13 states usually associated with the South.

The three stars represent the past, which we must ever be mindful of; the present, whose importance needs no mentioning; and the future with all the promise it holds.

The triangular motif is to represent the dynamics of time and the mending of past rifts, symbolizing the desire most Southerners have to mend the wounds of the past and move forward as part of a country we love. This point is exemplified in the joining of the two red stripes bordering the blue triangle.

What do you think? Comments and suggestions are much appreciated. I just wanted to have a flag that all Southerners - white, black, asian, and latin could fly proudly as a banner of their home region. 

EDIT: Might as well ask so I can tell what I'm doing wrong, but why's this topic suddenly getting downvoted? 









 I sort of wondered what was so awful about Georgia's flag in OP's opinion. Text on a flag? I'll grant that that shit is dreadful but I don't find the flag gross. The Saudi flag is gross. Georgia's is merely ill composed. 




 This stereotype of the South being racist needs to stop. We have a lot of problems, but we're no more racist than the rest of the country anymore (Mississippi, perhaps, notwithstanding.) I bet you've never even been down here. 




 Things like this make me wish even more that call centers had unions. 




 Holy shit, we need to get rid of the Saudi government and kick their lobbyists out of the country. 




 Excellent. Hopefully international postage won't be too murderous. 




 Hm... Perhaps in slow motion and the color fades to black and white? 




 The caveat to working collections is that you've got to have a hard heart and thick skins. Between the sob stories and the abuse, you'll see why the turnover is so bad there and why they need such good benefits. 




 I was inspired by you and /u/walterwoodsiv and decided to narrate this. [You have been warned.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AGu5UHkoT8) 




 With very little background in academic psychology, mind you, I do sort of wonder to what degree mental illness can impact racism. I know that racist tendencies are often an outgrowth of ignorance, a lack of exposure to the world or overexposure to the wrong parts of the world, but a lot of the overt racists I've seen and talked to have a lot of wrongness going on in their other behaviors, as well. 




 "Annexation" 




 "Annexation" 




 Thus driving residents of the Donbass closer to Russia, it seems. 




 Good. I don't want my tax money going to Poroshenko and his corrupt flunkies.  




 The flag I was referring to is actually more broadly African than I thought, but it's Marcus Garvey's [Pan-African flag.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan-African_flag)

I, too, had ancestors on both sides of the conflict and rather like a German who had ancestors in World War II, I'm proud of what my forebearers achieved, though not who they achieved it for. The Battle Flag might not be the most progressive emblem out there, but to me it characterizes my home, my ancestors, and my heritage. If there's a Confederate flag that's offensive, it's the first National Flag, but that seems to be viewed as the more benign flag for some reason. 

But this is dangerously close to devolving into a rant. I'm quite well read on the war and even moreso on its aftermath and lingering effects on the South and its development. I gather that you are, as well.  




 A fine gun. If I ever desired a carry gun other than my Makarov, it would be a CZ-82. 




 Nope. That's an earlier gun which is basically an automatic Tokarev. Can't remember what it's called to save my life. 




 The Viking isn't apparently being received too well. I really doubt it'll wholly replace the venerable and respected Makarov. Hell, some cops still use Nagants from what I've heard. 




 We haven't got one, that's why. There's a flag for black Southerners, a flag for white Southerners, but nothing that represents all Southerners. We really need to fix that. Cascadia and New England have flags. I'd say the South is certainly distinct enough to have its own flag. Hey, mods. How about a new subreddit flag design contest? 




 Thank you for your kind and civil defense, Hymen Destroyer. 




 Other than apocryphal stories I can tell you from my father and grandfather who often saw it displayed proudly by whites, blacks, and others throughout the South before the mid-eighties, I can point to its use in the armed forces [as seen here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flags_of_the_Confederate_States_of_America#20th-century_popularity) and to its history as a symbol of rebellious elements of the New South from pop culture, such as the Dukes of Hazzard. Beyond that, though, I'm just a guy who likes the South and would rather not have the only distinctively Southern flag seen as a symbol of bigotry. I mean, if the Confederate Battle Flag is a symbol of evil then the US Flag certainly is, yet you can fly it without anybody batting an eye. 




 Dude's pointing out the safeguards of the legal process. The shooter might be not guilty by reason of insanity or something. I don't think he deserves to be mocked or downvoted simply for suggesting we heed the safeties of the criminal justice process. 




 As a Southerner, I know what you mean. Yes, the Confederacy was an explicitly racist country but the Confederate Battle Flag is quite nice and for a good stretch of the 20th Century wasn't really seen as a racist symbol.


But now it is, so much like the Rhodesian and South African flags, it's better not to fly it. 




 It ended up being incredibly self defeating since Mugabe more or less ended up wiping out all the White Rhodesians and forcing them to move away. Had Ian Smith just conceded and let democracy take hold, it would have gone about as well as South Africa which, while far from perfect, is a much better situation for everybody all around. 




 That Davy Crockett cannon is downright freaky deaky. 




 Hopefully 4 will clear that up. We do play as a guy from that time period, after all. 




 Pao's gonna be so bankrupt. 




 Yellow on white? C'mon, Germans. I thought you had taste. 




 An HMG for every gay pot grower and an anti-materiel rifle for every transsexual! That's the dream, right there.

But if we could seriously get a pro gun candidate who could do something like funding universal healthcare and education, that would be just peachy. 




 That could do. 




 My vending machine is sort of broken, too. Every time you put a dollar in and press the coin return button, it'll give you back four quarters. Works every time! 




 I'm late to the party, I know, but [I wanted to try my hand at this](http://vocaroo.com/i/s117ePi5XFRb). As an aspiring narrator/VO actor, every bit of practice helps. 




 Yeah, copyright stuff has never stopped ripoff makers. The Eastern European ones may have some trouble as their countries of origin crack down in an attempt to appease the greater Eurozone, but the East Asian, South Asian, and Middle Eastern knockoffs should be fine. 




 If anyone wants to see it in action, I made a review featuring it and a few other choice discount store items [here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21HNgdK5ib8 list=PL5NKk7FnEK6jULAoBzbj4PWxkSf7wtIJA index=10) Because I have all of my priorities in life totally together, it's part of a series of terrible product reviews I do. 









 I remember back in my day. Shit was coming unchained all the time. It was a real issue. Then Sir Thomas P. Shitchainner invented the un-offable chain and the rest, as they say, is history. 




 It's Always Sunny in Austria 




 Ooof. That's gonna take some serious headcanon to resolve. 




 Wait, does that include sleepstrubating or do we just phase out sleep with caffeine? 




 "Weeee! Intestines!" 




 Neat. I like being right. It's sort of rare. It must be what The Master feels like all the time. 




 I can't seem to recall if the sign said that was the gas price specifically, as my resolution was shitty for that stream, but it doesn't have to be gas. Remember, many cars were running on nuclear fuel by then. My hypothesis (just off the top of my head) is that it was the price per gallon for reactor coolant, or possibly water. If the sign actually said "gasoline" it could even be a repurposed old gas sign considering the relative newness of nuclear cars.
Did the station have actual gas pumps? I can't remember.


Of course, the dollar may have been drastically revalued by then, though this is slightly unlikely given that a Cryslus Corvega costs "only" $199,999.99. Unless it's a super luxury car, a dollar may be worth about a quarter of what it is in the real world right now. 




 This is a rather difficult place to be in. We can't just pick and choose when we want to use profiling. We have to either admit that it has a place in sentencing and policing or do the egalitarian thing and discard it on the grounds of individuality skewing such models beyond usefulness. Tough spot to be in, I'd say. 




 Heh. 









 They killed Galaxies for this tripe.
 




 What in the actual fuck? 




 Cults are one of the most unnerving things out there to me. I'm surprised they aren't posted here more. 




 Well, that's officially the creepiest thing I've seen on here in a long time. Damn. 




 Downvoted *and* reported. Guy was peeved. 




 I always preferred [the UESP](http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Oblivion:Zombie), myself. 




 I'm pretty sure cocksure isn't a curse word, and even if it were you don't need to censor it. This is the Internet. Cursing is allowed here. 




 UMIES GOOD WWWWWWWWAAAAAAAGGGGHHH BUT DER BOYZ IZ TINY AN FRAJL. BONEZ LIKE A TOOFSCRACHA. UMIES BETTA AVE A LOTTA BOYZ IF DEY GONNA FITE US. 




 'OOMIES OVA ERE WUD KICK YOR ARSE FOR COLLIN SOKKA FOOTBOWL. OR DEY TRY. ARE BOYZ GOT MORE DAKKA. ARE BOYZ GOT MORE WAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHH DEN DA OOMIES.
 




 OIM WUNDRIN FREW DA UNNIDID STATES ROIT NOW. SPECIFIKLY DA PLACE KALD FILLY. NOT MUCH FOITING INTIL A SPORTS GAME HAPPINZ. 




 Can we get a graveyard graph up in here? 




 I was thinking some kind of straw pattern, or maybe checker. Seersucker could work, though. 




 Hm... Trauma like that could eat at someone's sanity... I'm saying Nobark. 




