 It's bewildering that fat people think they're in a position to give advice on positive body image or health. Dumbstruck is the natural reaction to such a fat logistician.   




 You definitely don't *need* to lose weight. But you would be sexier if you were a little more toned. You're like a 7 but were an 8.  




 6/10 - would smash but probably not call again. 




 This whole story makes me angry. What a piece of shit. I'd have wanted to kick his ass. Did you say something or were you left dumbstruck by the sheer ignorance of what was said to you? 




 I'll be on the lookout for these come next Olympics.

But still I wonder; what is a "great length"?  According to my gf it's just 7 inches. 




 Someone told me that whisker length was a sign of intelligence. If true than this must be a very wise cat. 




 Time to get another girlfriend. I'm not saying that you have to give this one up, just get another. And explain to this one that you need a person in your life to meet your sexual needs. 




 Ew, I bet she smelled awful. That's ironic though, a church charity organization directly facilitating gluttony.  It's sad that those nuns were put in that situation. 




 Like wieners.  




 The one time she's not sticking her tongue out her kid's picking its nose. 




 This is **SO** sexist! 




 Guys don't just want curves. And please don't confuse curves for fat - don't go trying to put on weight because you think that's what guys want. Fit is attractive. If you want to be hotter, do squats. Being fit and doing squats are the biggest things girls can do to improve their attractiveness. That said, you're pretty. 7/10 




 9/10 - You're very pretty but I'm sure you know that. You have really nice lips and eyes. 




 That sounds like a quote from Bender Bendington Rodriguez.  




 It is nice having an active and diverse sex life. 




 Skewed in my favor. 




 Basic ass bitches. 




 My bad dude. Work out more. You'll appreciate looking young when you're older. 




 Brooklyn. And they will. 




 10/10 - out of my league  




 You look like a lesbian.   




 Trying to help my longest friend be anything other than a bigoted scumbag.  If someone doesn't want to change than my help is useless. Dude will probably be homeless in five years but had every change to succeed.  As a white male with two middle/upper middle class parents, free school optional - he's always the 'victim'. 




 8/10 You're very pretty.  I love your cheeks. The ones on your face. You'd be hotter if you did some squats.  




 Your face looks asymmetrical.  Your nose and your cheek bones specifically. Maybe it's the angle? Right now you look like a 4.5.  Would not smash. 




 My lowest recorded was something like 10 pounds 4 ounces. 




 Yes. It's also sort of judgmental if you think about it. Like, I'm Ok with hookups, but you're not? What, are you too good for casually enjoying some of the better things in life? Are you judging me because I'm more promiscuous. Either way it's bs; girls will always hookup.  That's like some dude selling a car on craiglist saying "no lowballs." Show up with cash in hand and you're taking that car for way less. 




 Haha yeah, she lost me when she started talking about her 'old soul' and the played out museums in NYC. + no hookups. No hookups = get off Tinder; this isn't an old soul mate search engine. 




 6.3/10. You're not that pretty but you're good at finding flattering angles. You also wear way too much makeup. I dare you to post a no makeup smiling. 









 Based on other things I've seen on this site I can conclude two things from this picture: the driver has sex with his trucks' tail pipe and is hung like a baby. 




 How did you fry this? 




 Spring rolls are not sushi. 




 Let me guess; you're a New Jersian? 




 Sure you were. 




