 I got bitten by a kangaroo yesterday. 

I've never been bitten by a shark.   




 I feel sick watching it.  So much laughter.  




 Some seats at a circus collapsed, injuring tens of people. 


 




 Pig dogging. Unbelievably, disgustingly cruel and dangerous.  

Edit: I am not against hunting for the most part.   




 There is.  But we use last night instead 




 When they move back home at 26 and are currently lying in bed with their cat and browsing reddit.  




 Ugh! Those wide-nostrilled freaks! 




 I think we'd have found other things to discriminate people for and nothing would be too different.  




 Not as tiny as some, but about 800 people  




 Hahnforf :) 




 Eyre Peninsula.  




 I'm lucky enough to have never really had much to fear.

But the other day I stupidly took a small car on a dirt road after rain,  it was SO slippery, I got bogged twice,  I was no where near any houses and had no phone signal. My heart rate got up to 115. It was pretty scary,  doesn't compare to these other stories though.   




 Tiny town in South Australia  




 Well, actually, both testicles and ovaries.  




 I always pronounced it My-a until I met my friends daughter May-a so I mostly pronounce it that way now.   




 "It's me, Mario!" 




 I agree, but particularly with young children, robots might struggle the bonding, caring side of teaching.   




 What every girl really wants to hear 




 Teachers. More to do with the relatability and emotional bonds. 




 Kind of wish they would.  I loath the majority of politicians in Australia right now.  




 On your porcelain throne? 




 Toy Story 2 is the clear winner 




 And they have different teats for each joey with a different milk for each joey they have (strong, high protein and fat for young joeys and weaker for large joeys) 




 I never knew this. I'm going to give pens and paper to kangaroos and test this out.   




 I live in a rural areas a know many farmers, there are some who view kangaroos as pests and put up fences and shoot them.  And there are some that don't think of them as pests and don't even have fences and definitely don't shoot them and have no problems with crop damage.  

These people are from the same area,  they very likely have the same numbers of kangaroos on their properties. The 'pest' label is largely based on opinion from what I can tell.  

Edit: there are no reliable studies to show that kangaroos are pests.  




 Dad 




 Cups 




 Of 




 Emo stage.  At the time I denied being one, but I was. ..:( 




 Spiders are animals. :)

Once a brown snake chased me and my cousins.  Our Nanna saved us but I was sure we were dead for a few moments.   




 Eating an easter egg on my first Easter- two weeks before I turned 1.  




 I actually wish i could use Lone as a name one day.   




 Happy Birthday 




 Smellophones 




 This.  




 Thank you for this.  I was just considering buying nude by nature but I think I'll stick with what I know works for me.   




 Did you check if it had a pouch young?   




 Its a macropod, kangaroos such as the red or grey kangaroos are also macropods.  




 Public breastfeeding wouldn't be a controversy.  




 I definitely think the regulations are part of it.  I know a few people who have tried adopting but given up and decided on fostering instead. They give up because it can take years and years to get through all the assessments and paperwork and money and then still not have any certainty of adopting.  




 Yeah,  like you said,  just instinct i guess. I doubt they're ever taught it somehow.  




 The mother kangaroo licks a path to the pouch to make it easier for the joey to navigate, and she stays still throughout the process. 

A lady i know who has kangaroos found a joey on the ground right after it was born,  she popped it in the pouch and it survived but I'd assume there are plenty that aren't so lucky. 

Edit to add : the joey this lady found had the cord wrapped around its hands so it wasn't able to grip the fur.   




 They do use them to walk with part of the time... but yeah, I'm amazed at how muscly they get.   




 I might be wrong,  that's just what I've been told they are.   




 What would be a better alternative?   




 I think the worst spider we have is the golden orb spider, because they build their webs at night in the middle of walkways, I've had too many smack into my face after I've walked right into them in the dark.  

But they aren't aggressive, i don't know if they're venomous, they run off as soon as they're disturbed  




 Weird.  I didn't know they gave magic weather detecting powers. Til. 

 




 Classical, like violins and stuff 




 That was a horrible fad and should stay in the past. Beards for ever 









 She has murder in her eyes 




 Well, her style isn't listed exactly, so maybe she thinks she's ok.   




 SA, I have no idea who it was though. 




 0874444500  




 Its genital mutilation. Its very very  rarely medically necessary. 

 




 Yous or even worse is when the person thinks they're using correct grammar and write you's.  




 I prefer Maedhbh 




 Stare into the abyss 




 I once watched a youtube video about these.  The lady kept saying how she was rooting one 'baby' and these others still needed rooting. I was so confused. Turns out rooting was putting the hair on. .. but I now feel extra creeped out by these dolls.  




 thank you! 
I need to keep telling myself that I wont be perfect straight away (or ever, we all make mistakes), I keep imagining myself doing something wrong on the first day and being banned from teaching forever, which I know is stupid, but it fills me with such anxiety that I can't breathe.  




 I'm hoping I will be too distracted with everything to worry at all.  




 Hahaha magpies. They're great.  My mum has one that whines and barks like a dog.   




 They have no reason to not believe it 




 Sandwich with mayo, cheese and capsicum. Mmmm 




 I know a kid who OD'd like that.  Fortunately no brain damage but it damaged some of his other organs.  So horrible. He's still in his parents care too.  




 Koala. Not bear.  




 I don't have a room. ..  




 I download tv shows that were free to air anyway but i don't have a TV 




 In addition to what's already been said, many dwarf couples do not reproduce, and often if they do their children do not survive, while dwarf + non-dwarf couples have a chance of having non-dwarf children.  




 Kiiind of like McClaren Vale 




 A girl i know was faking a pregnancy, i reverse searched the ultrasound pictures she posted and found they were originally from 2006 (this happened last year). She was 'so shocked that someone would steal my photos!'. The denial is strong with these people. 

She then 'miscarried' because she 'had breast cancer' 




 I call them toasty toasties... pretty popular term for them in SA I've found 




 I have never heard of jaffles before.  What states call them jaffles? 




 Try mochas to 'ease in' to the flavour.  




 I think its good that he is open about it and realises its wrong.  If he's never acted on his feelings he's done nothing wrong.   




 Thought i was looking at a digital render. Its so smooth 




 Hi all, 

I'm just wondering it there are any other teachers/pre-service teachers here with anxiety? I am starting my first week of placement next week and am getting pretty bad anxiety thinking about it. It's something completely new for me and I don't know how to deal with it. 

I will be working in a kindy (pre-school) with kids aged 3-4, a good age I think, which will make things easier, but I'm still worried. 

any advice or stories from others in this situation would be very much appreciated! thank you 




 Cute! But it looks more around 8months old.  




 aww, this made me sad. poor kid.  




 dont all toilets have that?
 




 that had me slightly confused too. Diagnoxis.  




 I don't really care that people self-diagnose, they can do whatever they want with their lives. But when they call years of intense study and practice 'training', they're going to far.  









 playground for grown-ups with a coffee shop in the centre.  




 Morialta has some semi-challenging tracks. Dogs are allowed as far as i can remember.  




 That's pretty much my thoughts too. Australia isn't perfect but we do a lot of things so much better than the US.  




 Homeless doesn't always equal sleeping on the streets. It can be couch surfing, living in cars/ tents etc., squatting, constant moving from place to place. So you aren't likely to see these people, but they definitely exist  




 Sadly true a lot of the time 




 That's hard, a lot of people are instantly turned off certain issues because of bad advocates. Like feminism being ruined by feminazis and now so many people just don't take it seriously anymore and its probably impossible to change their minds. 

I think that just going about it gently and patiently. Do what you can and be proud of that.  Its good to be passionate and want to make a difference.  




 Yep. It was a song by some x-factor winner i think.  Awful awful song.   




 Joe Simpsons is pretty impressive 

" Joe, who survived the fall but fell into a largecrevasse, manages to lower himself further into the dark abyss despite his broken leg and find an exit leading to the base of the mountain. He then spends days crawling across glacier and rocks with his broken leg and other injuries.Delirious, he found and crawled into the climbers'base campthe night before the day in which Simon had decided to leave." From Wikipedia  




 Free health care. Kangaroos.  




 I honestly have no idea,  but i don't think they have human like emotions at all, they may have their own kind of emotions and thoughts that we can't understand though. .. 




 In Australia rubber means eraser

Thongs are shoes

Root/ rooting  is sex 

 




 Love is a feeling that you feel 




 Yep, I did one one hour class on this in my entire 13 years of school.  




 Don't be rude or judgemental. 

Don't say your opinion is the right one or the best one. 

Talk about stuff in casual and friendly conversation or polite debate. 

Don't take every opportunity you get to advocate for whatever it is,  or people will get annoyed/ bored with it. 

Bring it up in appropriate places and at appropriate times.

Be understanding of why others don't feel the same as you. 

Don't be forceful.

Be honest.  




 It was so loud.  I thought it hit the house.  And it was just a one off thing,  quiet for the rest of the night.    




 Just some thunder. Very loud, shake the whole of Adelaide thunder, but just thunder.  




 Kangaroos make a screeching/ coughing noise when they're lost (usually joeys calling to their mothers) or cross. And they have two clucking sounds one for friendly hellos and one as a pre-attack warning.  




 So close.  So frustratingly close  




 The Chinese are ruining our country  




 My dad is nearly 60 and is a truck driver,  he's extremely fit and has no health problems so he finds the work easy, but i do believe some of the men he works with have had health problems like heart attacks and strokes and they still continue driving.  




