









 jesus /r/moviescirclejerk I am disappoint  




 oh yeah teenagers in europe are totally responsible with booze, totes  




 You are literally anti birth control.

You literally break birth control. 

 




 nice 




 small fish there 




 Here's my question: Why are so many people bitching about this show?

I think it is better than the first season. 




 same with todayilearned

yeah no you didn't, you knew that already   




 there is a longer article about this somewhere, been psoted few times, interesting read 




 just like my dead mom 









 we had this monthly or something for a while but it seems to have petered out 




 Some will, of their own accord, that's it.

Simples. 



















 ta! 




 Sure... totes...  




 that's fucing crazy 




 oh fuck yeah, i mean pogba has loads potential sure but fucking 71 million ?? 




 Just have to laugh, imagine if this went viral and got onto NBC or CNN or something.

*"Redditor /u/PussySlaying420King posted this uplifting video..."* 




 who upvoted this piece of shit post? 




 cool beans man

there is a lot of comp there and I get the feeling a small bit of who you know (just saying like) 




 Yeah imagine reddit doing something again good instead of just hating shit, wouldn't that be a nice change. 




 [I love it when you are playful...](http://i1105.photobucket.com/albums/h341/bellaisafinefrenzy/tumblr_lj5st3x9tW1qb7eqw.gif) 




 I'd take Turan over Pogba 




 Fuck em least you are offering new ideas. 




 I'll say yes but I won't actually do anything 




 Pride only because they won.

As I said, patriotisium  




 Except it isn't.

There seems to be a specific type of plastic just for the states. I think it is called Patriotisium  




 uh-huh 




 Sure, no doubt.

But looking as a neutral you see this spread all over the site. If they hadn't won I would imagine the vast vast majority wouldn't give a shit. 

Belgium winning the world cup would get less coverage on reddit than this.

One of the top teams in the world does well at a tournament they were amongst the faves to win = second coming of football jesus 




 I am not trolling at all mate. My account stands for itself.

I'll even explain it to you, which I shouldn't, because you are being rude.

I never said the people making the jokes spoke for all americans as you suggested

I never once mentioned it

I never once mentioned the twitter jokes 

All I said was, as you cut and pasted, "Americans are bad winners and sore losers."

That was it.

So there it is as clear as day. There is no trolling, no attempts to disguise my comments or change them in anyway, that is it, quite clearly. 




 It's all getting a little bit cringe now to be honest.

There seems to be more about this than the copa america.

I know demographics come into it but jesus christ. 

 




 I like him a lot. 




 You are cutting and pasting my words which confirm what I just said.

That's pointless.

Deep breath and think about it. Look at my words, look at your responses, and think about it before you reply.

 




 never said they did, and I am not particularly referring to these jokes, just americans in general


 




 recipe?  




 yeah but I didn't, I don't speak for other people 




 this needs to go on /r/foodporn mate 




  to suggest that America is uniquely xenophobic 

I didn't.

WTF 




 Your point being?

Did I mention absolutes ? Worst of the worst?

No.

And I stand by my comment.

Americans are bad winners and sore losers.
 




 I'm Irish 




 k 




 Americans are bad winners and sore losers.  




 much passion 




 jesus the downvotes

sad really 




 cynical me - one of the biggest stars in asia - looking at that chinese box office 




 top kek 




 cuts his hand so hard he dies 




 a double bill on a 14inch tv on xmas day when I was a young kid - all quiet western front and lawrence of arabia 




 give me a tremendous failure over an overrated shitballs success any day 




 I turned it off the first time.

Tried two more times to watch it.

Still haven't finished it. 




 **[Fail Safe](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058083/)**

Just a great film. I loved it. Just go watch it. Just awesome. 




 Kingman was one of the worst films I have ever seen. Just empty and cynical and badly acted/directed with a terrible script 




 [feel the breen...](http://media.giphy.com/media/iSKFtpF2HzneE/giphy.gif) 




 https://thedissolve.com/features/exposition/625-bad-movie-lovers-need-to-meet-neil-breen/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Breen

behold and praise  




 you doubt the power of the breen? 




 funny shit 




 top reddit post 

great op 




 wow 




 not in a while

 




 just watched goldeneye on the rte there

oh god its so camp compared to dalton/craig 




 lol 




 If there was some way to get the both to work together as a front pair it would have been awesome  




 [Worst can also in a way be the best...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ44FLJA4Js) 




 oka will try next time I have oil on the go 




 I think I might be a dumbshit. 




 everything

for a start I can never get the onion in a ring, or not enough of it to make a decent one

 




 stupid money

worth 1/2 that 




 Every time I try onions rings they come out shit 




 No. Keep in mind this is reddit, this is fanboy central, a lot of people are fucking tired of the marvel shit already. There are only so many slots for big films in the year and many are taken by these.

At least Btman Superman looks actually good, but it will prob suck too 




 I think Sonatine. If you like that go with the others. Great film. 

I have to go rewatch some 




 I think Gangs of New York would make a great TV show is handled correctly. 




 I never any of your work! 




 how are those onions rings made 




 write what the fuck you want man

 




 Played well though, jesus that guy has some stamina

 




 Comments don't make the person.

You don't argue circlejerk.

I am not sure. Oh the hyperbolic.

It doesn't need one.

Talk later, pizza beer now 




 I never said you were part of the hive. Quite the opposite.

And your comments were pathetic, not you.

No it was cirlcejerk stuff. 

No you actually meant it. Be honest.

As for why I reddit the way I do - as it is my choice. 

 f you look hard enough you can find paragraph after paragraph of me discussing how much I hated certain films that reddit loved.

Good, we need more redditors like you.
 




 Yes, you are resorting to insults.

No I did not insult you off the bat - you sure you got the right user? Care to point that out?

I'll skip the middle part because it's just circlejerk stuff.

 I'm aware that I might cause you a whole lot of butthurt by asking you this, but why won't you just explain it?

Why would it cause me 'butthurt'?

Bizarre comment.

Why won't I explain it? 

As of now - because I don't believe you don't understand it. It would mean you are probably the only person on the thread who didn't get it (watch as people come out of the woodwork now).

Note: Try as you might what you wrote in the end was undoubtedly cringe material. Not le cringe, or anything like that, no, just clear cringe.

 It's basically become accepted fact by now.

Ow.

 Again, if you don't ever want to explain yourself that's fine, but when you refuse you better have some tissues handy, because you are going to be downvoted.

Oh no!






 




 Simple rule I have:

modern (2011-) black and white is ok

any of the ancient shit (Pre MCU/Nolanverse) is not 




 Ah resort to insults. How wonderful.

No your comment is wrong. It doesn't matter how much you explain yourself. I've said this dozens of times on reddit. [I found one of my drunken rants about it too](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2odqj4/the_sorry_cynical_state_of_movie_fandom_today/cmm6hq1)

Yes you are demanding, you are still demanding. You are trying to be superior and claim that you don't understand how my succinct (heh) response actually encompasses the main faults with the film in the eyes of the detractors.

It's hysterical.

Just admit you know exactly what I mean by that sentence. It's so simple. 

 Look buddy, we all know you can't explain that nonsense you typed out initially. It's basically become accepted fact by now.

Cringe.

I'll excuse your post pao insults and be the bigger man.

 




 Trust me I am offering no services to anyone and am doing it purely for myself.

Well in fairness if everything that is popular is shit what can you do. I liked Fury Road, that was good, if it is good I say it is good, I don't leave anyone dictate my opinion one way or the other. 




 crazy stuff 









 test over word still allowed  




 Yes, 99% of the userbase on here do, whether they will admit it or not.

[I of course don't because I don't watch English language movies. I pick a new language per season and watch as many as I can. This summer it is Danish.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/82yHd99YxnY/maxresdefault.jpg) 




 You really need to be more succinct. Truly. 

I've written in tremendous detail about the concept of opinions on /r/movies, trust me you are adding nothing to it.

Your comment about the upvotes is just wrong. No matter the detail of the response you are not in any way more likely to get upvoted. 

And back to the main:

Your lack of understanding of the phrase is really painful to read. And if you genuinely believe I am incapable of explaining why that short sentence perfectly sums up why many regarded the film Fury Road as overrated then I don't know what to say.

A fucking infant could.

I choose not to. As I already explained, just because some fanboy demands it doesn't mean you have to do shit.

But if you do, because you will just get downvoted or ignored anyway, save your energy and always be succinct. 

 




 in fairness some people deserve it

it's like:

"I didn't like that film, thought it was a bit dull."

"Oh really - how many films have you directed? How many oscars do you have? None - then shut up!!!" 




 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1628841/ 




 *'I'm not lovin' it'* 




 Rumoured the new blue ray that will come out right before ID2 will feature some of his 'personal videos' 




 Schumacher in his day. 




 curry 




 I watch crime documentaries  




 that's a personal decision

think for yourselves people 




 google says there is 




 has the dream really changed?

that's the interesting part

despite owning the house and having the stable job and no college debt like a generation or whatever ago the dream still remains the same

 




 oh god that's just too big of a question 




 probably 




 len - steal my sunshine 




 so close! 




 Sometimes perhaps but what I wrote there is not edgy, just the standard observation that many of us (I assume you do to an extent as well) have about reddit and its sacred cows. 














 I get fucked drunk and blackout 




 I wanted to be cool

It worked 




 How can anyone know 




 Need a new cover though 




 St. Hubbins, The Patron Saint of Quality Footwear 




 that does look really good mate 




 There is nothing in what I wrote that is in anyway 'edgy', and what is more, you know there is not. 




 Well it's unfortunately a fact of being on a default sub where the hivemind (which does exist as we have seen the last few days) latches onto certain things (QT, Nolan, McCon) and basically does not allow any dissenting opinion, no matter how much it is backed up.

This came up yesterday as well. And easily thousands of times before. I even wrote lengthy rants about it in the past

But just ignore the reality and throw in the term 'cute' and maybe that will make it all better. 



Sigh.

 




 #iamverysmart  














 Did I mention blockbusters? 

Some are sure. Still need a name to carry it. J.Edgar with James Frain in the lead might not have got the budget, or got made at all, and would have limped into nowhereland. 

Is it? I really think he is at best average. 

That I am right, without a doubt.

Neither. But to say you are not a fanboy is hysterical. You obviously are. 

 




 He's a big movie star, one of only a handful left, Hollywood is a tight community, you don't get your huge budget without a name.

But go on with the pathetic snark you little fanboy snowflake.  




 I just miss karl malden  




 I am not a marvel fan in general, found most of the films to be shit, so who the fuck knows - I might end up liking this one 




 The old marketing ways work man 




 Uh-huh... totes...  




 It really doesn't. About 90% of the hive think the same thing. 



















 Leo is the most middling actor, nothing he has done as an adult has been anyway above average, the hivemind fanboy love on here is just tragic  




 woah harsh 




 He's not funny. Never has been. On screen anyway. 

 , he's done very little work, producing semi-good super profitable family comedies, while being a family man first.

Seems to work a bit, his films are shit and many of them are not that profitable (he has some ridiculous deal or something IIRC) and who gives a shit about being a family man.

I'm actually shocked that /r/movies doesn't like him 




 Cool 




 How many films have been released so far in 2015?

How many have you seen OP? 




 It's grand. Leo was the worst part about it.

He is often the worst part about the films he is in though.

I still think Infernal Affairs was far superior.  




 No oscar nom that year, makes you think 




 strange connection

great film though 




  Yep, and I explained why not giving answers is stupid, damaging, and childlike.

No you didn't. Simple opinions are perfectly valid in many contexts. It's never about the simple opinion.

And yes I did explain quite succinctly the general reasons why people think the film is overrated - it just have went over your head.

Which is disturbing because it was quite simple.

And as for your last paragraph - oh christ it's like you never come to /r/movies at all. Yeah I upvoted him when he was in the negatives, some others did too, wow, it discounts nothing since the other 10000 posts doing the same didn't.

Don't make me fucking laugh.

But back to the main issue - you don't see how it is succinct? 

Really?

Be honest, not just internet argument (which unfortunately once again you really think you are right about this, and that I am wrong, which is just fucking disturbing), be honest - you don't understand how that response is succinct? 

 




 oh it comes up after you submit something, automod 




 I never said you did any of those things. 

I just told you why I don't normally give answers.

 it's just unnecessarily cryptic

No it isn't. It's pretty succinct. 

 So yea, if you don't feel like explaining why you disliked a movie that's fine,

I repeat this - I never said one way of the other

 but you add absolutely nothing to the discussion by doing so.

Except I explained why some people don't like it.

 If all you care about is wether you get upvoted or downvoted for your comment, then don't even bother commenting in the first place.

Really? This is all you got now?

Hysterical.

 




 one of the best films the year it was released imo 




 Oh right.

No just a submission statement of sorts after you post. 




 You've been on reddit 2 years?

 




 I dont get it 




 I never said anything one way or the other about my opinion.

In fact I rarely respond to users demanding to know the reason why someone disliked their precious, I think it is fucking shitty behaviour, every time a film the hive likes is treated negatively it gets downvoted - even when explained in detail etc. 

Yet if I was to write 'Fury Road is awesome' I'd get 200 upvotes. 

Truly pathetic.

And as for your second point - explain to me why it makes no sense. 




 No, it is the condensed version of many who do not rate the film as highly as /r/movies users.


 




 Hello, yes I would like 




 ... full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. 




 sorry you are getting downvoted

the hive on here is not that bright  




