 Thank you! 




 I'd prefer if the bits where they are themselves was live action filmed during the game.  




 Just a little short film. It will be on my portfolio to get into college. I've done skits and stuff before but this is my first time working on something serious with other people acting in it.  




 I'm shooting my first short film today and currently getting ready for the actors coming over. I'm pretty nervous and very excited.  









 That's the excuse they use for the comics, I don't know if it's been mentioned in the TV show. But in the comic universe they've said the Zombie mythology was never a thing.  




 It's amazing how different Spaced is about Star Wars between the first and second season. Mostly because Phantom Menace came out between the two.

Also the voice of Darth Maul is featured in both.  




 Thanks. Looking forward to it! 




 I think it helps that they're playing characters.  




 Where's the face OP? 




 Looking forward to it. 




 Yes! Thank you so much. That's perfect. I'll make a post here when it's done, and I'll send everyone who was in it PM's is well. 




 Yeah on WTF, I think, Rob was talking about how he doesn't really consider himself and actor and see's himself being a writer or a director after Sunny. 




 Thanks! 




 I have a few friends who have never seen Star Wars and I've recorded them telling me the plot of the movie from what they've heard in pop culture. I'm going to edit it into a big supercut to try and create a story that resembles some amount of sense, and I'll probably animate some of it.

However I need more clips to make it the way I want. So you haven't seen Star Wars, have a spare five minutes and half a camera/webcam/camera phone could you please record yourself describing what you believe the plot of Star Wars is beginning to end?

Then just pop it onto youtube and post it on here or PM me. Obviously if you do those things I'm assuming you don't mind the footage being put into the final project (Which will just be put onto youtube.)

I believe this has been done before but just with one person, plus this is just a little Summer project for me.  




 I'm also from Ireland and was very confused while reading this thread. 




 Someone actually sort of did this. They watched every movie referenced in season one. 




 I need all of the spoilers. 




 I really, really loved the last scene in this with the homeless people. 




 It's been just as long as last time. 




 Sky are normally pretty good at airing things close to it's original airing so I'm very happy about this. It'll fit nicely there. 




 Oh shit. This loop really could go on forever. 




 While were on the topic of CBB crossover universes. The comedy bang bang tv show and the movie "The Interview" have a big connection in that Ben Shcwartz plays an agent in both, but is only named in CBB. So in my head canon it's the exact same character.  




 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425112/trivia?tab=mc ref_=tt_trv_cnn

This is going to be tougher than I thought. 




 That would be impossible though, since the references will always be to previous movies. Everything you watch will have been made before the movie you watch.  




 If someone else creates this chain I'll do it. I just might not be that good at spotting the chains.  




 Because I want to see what it's like. DVD's, webplayers, nothing will do it. 




 holy shit, that shark is amazing. 














 there was a lot of stuff happening behind the scenes with that one though. 




 I'm back now!
 




 They're releasing it on a radio show that's not UTU2TM?? 




 http://tinychat.com/khsunny786

Subreddit: /r/teenagerstinychat 




 Well you just ruined What We Do In The Shadows funniest jokes. 




 That was a very strange trailer. It felt like a clip cut out of an actual trailer.

Also yay the invisible friend. He's not really a monster he was just a human stuck in a world of monsters. 




 A new series was just published a few years ago and they still always put out reprints. 




 I've gotten excited about this project "finally being made" too many times in the past. I won't believe anything until there is a trailer.
 




 Yeah Blue Screen is still used a lot, but it was used the most up until they changed to green for Superman. 




 They mostly used blue screen until Superman. And then they were like: shit we need a new colour. 




 The real life of this sub is actually in "new." A lot of great discussion happens there that never even makes it to the front page. If you stick to "hot" you're going to have shitty time.  




 Also the list of other names they were going to call Magnitude is the list of names Jeff says as he says bye to everyone leaving the party.

Magnitude will always be Ben from Tracy Beaker to me. 




 So does that mean we will probably get that episode, because I love that lineup. 




 I hope they release some other poster in that style for them movie. 




 What's the Heidecker Gelman ep everyone is talking about in the AMA? Is it real or a bit? 




 Scott, when are you we going to get an Entourage recap on CBB for the movie??? I need to know what happened.

Edit: whoops someone already asked this. By the way if people do want to see Scott's take on the entourage movie he popped during the entourageathon and spoke about it. 









