 It is unlikely that it would have been much of a problem for you today. It really should not effect you on Monday. As far as I know there are no mass protests or demonstrations planned for Monday. 




 Many of the protesters are pushing for legislative change. They want future prosecutions of officers to be conducted by special prosecutors. While the protest does raise awareness, it is also an attempt to force legislative change. Also, it is a peaceful way for many to release their anger and frustration. 




 The 1st Department is in Manhattan. The 2nd Department is in Brooklyn. The 3rd Department is in Albany. The 4th Department is in Rochester. 









 To be clear, under NY state law, you can legally non-violently resist an unlawful arrest. 




 I have never practiced in Missouri so I can't speak to everything that happened in that case. But I do have the added benefit of being able to review [the minutes and evidence](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/25/us/evidence-released-in-michael-brown-case.html) because it was released publicly. From the minutes and evidence I think the Grand Jury in Darren Wilson's case made the wrong decision but it was not as clear cut as the case here appears to be. There were conflicting eye witness testimony and forensic reports. Here, there is a pretty clear cut video of the incident.

The problem I have with the Darren Wilson case is that he was given special treatment. I do not know Missouri law on whether a defendant can testify in front of the Grand Jury so I'll refrain from commenting on that aspect. The prosecution treated him with kid gloves which normally does not happen. They did not really challenge his story or ask for significant clarification about his description of events that seemed unlikely or contradicted witness testimony. Other defendants would never be so lucky. The prosecution conducted a mini trial in the Grand Jury by presenting pro-defense evidence, witnesses, and theories. As a criminal defense attorney I fully support doing so and it is something we always complain about prosecutors not doing. The problem arises here because they never do that for any other defendants. I also highly doubt that any other non-cop, non-politician defendant that comes after Officer Wilson will be given the same treatment. The prosecution knew exactly what they were doing. They gave Darren Wilson special treatment. 




 I was not in the Grand Jury nor am I privy to the information that was presented to it in this case. But in my opinion, based on my experience and the experiences of my colleagues, it is extremely rare that a grand jury chooses not to indict with this type of evidence. An indictment is a very low threshold and for the most part the expression "the grand jury would indict a ham sandwich, if that's what you wanted" is true. Unless and until the minutes are released I can only speculate to why this Grand Jury differed from the norm. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney that practices in NY and I have significant experience with grand jury issues. A defendant has a right to testify in the grand jury and all that is needed to preserve that right is to serve on the prosecution a notice of the intention to exercise that right. This notice is under [C.P.L. 190.50](http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/nycode/CPL/TWO/I/190/190.50) but is more commonly referred to as cross-Grand Jury notice. 

You are correct that the prosecution can indict someone without telling the person they are about to be indicted but this is true under only certain circumstances and is quite rare. Typically, you are arrested and arraigned by a judge on the felony charges which immediately indicates that the prosecution can indict your client. The prosecution then serves their notice right then of their intention to indict. The defense attorney then has the option of serving cross-Grand Jury notice. If cross-Grand Jury notice is in effect and the prosecution indicts without allowing the defendant to testify the indictment would later be dismissed (with some exceptions). Now if they do not arrest the defendant but the defendant becomes aware of the Grand Jury possibly indicting him he can still serve notice that he wishes to testify and it must be upheld. The only time a defendant generally does not know is when it is a "silent indictment" meaning the prosecution indicts prior to the defendant's arrest. Those situations are generally reserved for charges stemming from long term investigations into organized crime and large drug conspiracies.

Although I cannot say absolutely what happened here I can make a pretty informed educated guess. The officer knew the prosecution was presenting his case to the grand jury because it was public knowledge and reported in the media. As a result he had his attorney serve the cross-Grand Jury notice which means the prosecution must let him testify. I have many problems with what happened here but the defendant being allowed to testify is not one of them. His ability to testify presents no reason to believe there is anything suspect. There may be many other factors that do cause suspicion though. 




 A lot of it will depend on what type of attorney you want to be. It may make your job a lot more difficult if you are a trial attorney, especially if your stutter increases with nerves. But only a small percentage of lawyers are trial attorneys; most never get any court litigation experience. That being said I know an excellent trial attorney with a mild stutter but I know it makes things more difficult for him. 




 I am more than aware what a felony does to someone's life; I am a criminal defense attorney. You are still incorrect about what is happening here. The current policy is not to charge you with a felony. It was to charge you with a misdemeanor or a violation unless you had felony weight. In fact, in NY, sale of less than 25 grams of marijuana is only a misdemeanor (N.Y. Penal Law 221.40). There is no change in the severity of the crime being charged here. It will still be a misdemeanor or a violation (depending on the circumstances). It is a misdemeanor for possession in public view, burning marijuana in public, or possession of more than 25 grams but less than 8 ounces. It is a violation solely for non-public view possession of less than 25 grams. That has been the law for decades.

This summons will not being like a parking ticket. The only difference from the previous policy will be that instead of being arrested and either being given a DAT after a few hours at the precinct or being brought through arraignments hours later (risking bail being set) you will be given a summons telling you what date and what time to come to court. If you have an active warrant you will still be arrested as usual. I will admit that summons traditionally are seen as less serious as non-summons but that doesn't change the level of the crime charged. The other problem is that since summonses were rarely ever used for this charge it will be interesting to see if prosecutors start taking summonses more seriously.

I would be happy to answer questions about this stuff or expand on anything. 




 You were able to get a DAT but they were not required to give you one. It was left to the discretion of the officer. They made a big push to change that but it was not 100% successful. Judging from your screen name I am guessing you are an officer. So you are aware the DAT data sheet had more check boxes than just active warrants. Anyone with an active warrant gets arrested, regardless of the severity of the charge. 




 Your title is inaccurate. He is not reducing the penalty. In fact, he does not have the power to reduce the penalty for it. Only the state legislature has that power. He is changing how someone appears in court. Instead of the person being arrested, placed in handcuffs, held in a precinct, then transported to the courthouse, and held until seeing a judge (and possibly having bail set) the "arresting" officer will give the person a summons (or Desk Appearance Ticket-it is not entirely clear) and the person will have to show up at court on the date given on the summons. 




 This depends. If you know for an absolute fact that your client is going to lie on the stand you have an obligation to explain to him the possible consequences of doing so and try to convince him out of testifying. Since your client has an absolute right to testify if he still chooses to do so you can ask to be removed from the case for a conflict of interest (irreconcilable differences about the defense). 

If you cannot be removed from the case for that reason (ex. some public defenders or too far along the process) or your request for removal would make it obvious your client is going to lie under oath, you let your client testify and tell his story without eliciting any information. In other words, your client just tells his story in a narrative form instead of you getting it piece by piece by direct questions. This prevents you from suborning perjury.

It is quite rare though that you know for an absolute fact that your client's testimony is a lie or will be a lie. 




 I would still represent my client to the best of my abilities without violating any laws or ethical rules. The system would be even more unfair and chaotic otherwise. 









 I do not think I would assist the police but I would most likely try to calm my client down so that the situation would not be worse for her and she would face less consequences. Ideally, I would get my client under control before the court officers would get involved. I'm also pretty sure the court officers/police would prefer I stay out of it even if I felt I should help. 









