 Finally some sense. It's a travesty that lime is gone, and not just from Skittles. TRAVESTY! 




 Yeah this broke my heart. 




 Every moment spent worrying about something that hasn't happened is a moment of your life wasted.

Go do something. 




 Subscribe for Monday Night Football then cancel after the season. 




 Thanks NFL. That was the game this New Englander was going to go to for my first ever game. 




 Is this the new talk track for when fat acceptance women are caught being hypocritical when they talk about only being attracted to fit men?

"Well my obesity is genetic, mens are not..." 




 You should've done your research. This isn't the Henne Dolphins. 




 I have such a hardon. 




 Thanks! 




 Are there pictures of that? 




 You will continue to fight.

You will persevere.

You will not give up.

BECAUSE I SAID SO GODDAMNIT.

And later, you'll come back here and let us know how you're doing. 

And you'll keep fighting. 




 God rests on Sundays. Marino kicked ass. 




 BatManuel? 




 No. 




 You can tell how invested the media is in a game by who the commentators are during it.

The commentators were horrid. Who do you put your worst broadcasters on? The game you think the fewest people care about. 
Sad if you think about it. 




 Don't know why you're being down voted. Who the heck would want their LT out? 




 Well, in all fairness, you could only barely allude to Miller too if you had a beak. 




 Sorry to hear that. Take care of yourself. 




 Let's see how the coaches adjust. That's their job. 




 Yes, the company to be theoretically traded. If you had access to their web analytics as a consultant. 




 Anyone ever use a website's analytics (traffic, conversions, etc.) to inform decisions on when to buy or sell stock?

Would love to hear some strategies along this line. 




 That's great news!

So many struggle and find nothing that helps, it's nice to hear when something simple works for someone. 




 Agreed. We need to see consistency. It'll take him the year to really show it. 




 I love his effort. That stuff makes plays. 




 :) 




 r/ToolBand is the one I know of. 




 I actually thought I was in the tool subreddit. 




 Sorry you are going through this. It's hard, and you are being strong. Keep it up.

I get warnings too, as long as I'm awake for them, but nothing like yours -- it doesn't seem to affect my coherence.

When I do get the warnings I've found that caffeine helps reduce the severity significantly and even prevent it from occurring (I'm very lucky in this way). I will use Excedrin or soda for the caffeine.

I kept a journal when I first started getting them which helped me identify triggers, patterns, etc.

Hope that helps. Have to be honest, the affecting your coherence is concerning. 




 No matter who is in charge of the Jets, they always manage to make some real terrible decisions. 




 Thanks! 




 Can these be installed without some sort of rooting? 




 Oh you say that to all the states. Tease. 




 It's a play...on the field, not a celebration. How is a play disrespectful? 




 It's like you're describing Steve Smith. Good in my book. 




 Honestly, I can't remember the last rookie receiver we had to play as well as he is...so I'm definitely optimistic.

It's a tough transition for that position. 




 The fair questions are things like "why was it Wheeler in coverage?"

That's what gets me. I didn't think we would win, but we had the lead with the clock winding down and I don't understand why certain things happened. 




 That quote seems like a cop-out. The defense played very well. They were not always PUT in the best position (i.e. Wheeler shouldn't have been in coverage in the last play), but they played well for what they were asked. 




 What upsets us is we know Rodgers is capable of that. But from the game plan in the final ~4 minutes, it was like our coaches had no idea. 




 S? 




 Lol 




 Makes you wonder why they struggle planning during the week. 




 Yeah looks great now, but that's the problem, he's not consistent. 




 They're all at the beach. Probably Lauren too. 




 I remember. I still would have gone for it. Sometimes you have to take chances to win.

We'll agree to disagree. 




 We'll get the 4th best QB in the draft too. 




 So let's just not play the game. 




 That's the definition of retarded?

I definitely would have gone. Have some balls and actually try to win the damn game. 




 I don't get it either. Stupid. 




 It looks far worse. Offense doesn't start being productive and it'll be real ugly. 




 First, take estibot with a grain if salt. It's only worth what someone would pay.

I would post it to sedo and see what offers you get. Decline offers if you want. Realize that it may be a while before you get an offer.

I recommend going to namebio.com to see how much similar domain names have sold for. This is one of the better ways to gauge value.

You could share the domain name here, it's not like anyone can take it from you. 




 Not sure how much you make, and it's none of my damn business, but I'm curious as to what it compares to Uber drivers. I read on an uber drivers forum about how they take more than the 20% that they advertise, so drivers don't end up making much. 




 Sweetarts with lime instead if green apple. Skittles like that too. 




 Why would you want a guy who all reports are the players hate him?

Sure you're team will improve for a few years, but then what? 




 I thought the speech was flat and sounded like all his other speeches.

But, I also think too much weight can be put on coaches' emotions. Plenty of great coaches don't show much emotion. 




 Some of us, myself included, have been questioning Tannehill, and rightfully so. 

That doesn't mean we're calling for Moore.

But I'm not sure who you're talking about. 




 Lol. K. 




 If I'm on the coaching staff I'm taking a close look at my linebackers. When Misi is back, I would consider benching Wheeler and going with Musi, Trusnick and Jenkins.

Crazy? 




 Questioning Tannehill when he's in year 3 and playing this inconsistently shouldn't surprise anyone. 




 I was one who created a thread on Tannehill last week.

My thoughts if you care: Tannehill played much better (that pass of Hartline is something rare from him and was good to see), BUT this was against one of the worst teams in the league who haven't been home since before the week 3 game.

Tannehill has to put more than one good game together. I remember his first ever games as a Dolphin and the number of balls batted...then what do we see in year 3? Same thing. The guy needs to improve.

So, good game, I'm glad for it...but let's keep in mind who it was against and see how he does the rest of the year. 




 Probably 16 years ago (I'm 39 now) I started getting clusters.  Seasonal at first then chronic for about 2 years, followed by seasonal again.

Then nothing for ~6 years. 

I woke up at about 5 this morning as a cluster was developing. Now, of course, I'm both spent and worried they are returning.

Not sure why I'm writing this. I've never spoken to anyone else who had clusters. But, as someone recently divorced I don't have anyone to share it with.

I've always considered myself lucky with clusters as I quickly recognized things that brought them on, early signs of one coming, and had things that helped reduce their ferocity.

Anyway, my thoughts go out to all of you. I hope you're successful in getting through your headaches. 




 Is this supposed to make me smile? Because I don't feel like smiling. 




 Wow...that's how far we've fallen. 




 Lazor and Philbin get a lot of blame. Game management in general is poor, even some basics like clock management -- Philbin in particular should know better.
 




 ...couple more years...before something happens and it starts all over again. 




 I feel like the QBs who win championships who are not elite have historic defenses. Our defense is good, but not nearly good enough to bring this team that far. 




 I think the problem is how we lost. We didn't lose because we were missing Dion Jordan and Moreno, we lost because of bad play calling, bad quarterback play, bad oline play, bad receiver play...we lost because the guys who should be good enough (starters) just didn't do it. 




 Never thought Gibson was fantastic, but serviceable. Not sure where he is today.

As for Clay, I do think he's better than average. He's made some incredible, highlight-worthy, plays. This year I think he's dealing with a knee injury. If he becomes healthy we better see the ball thrown to him more regularly. 




 The anonymous quote (if real) calls out coaches, but Hartline's could be read any number of ways. 




 We'll beat Oakland and some people will forget the past few weeks...but just wait. This season is not shaping up to be anything other than the usual for us. 




 I'm tired of taking scraps from other teams. We need to make a move for the best guy in the draft. Now maybe that isn't this year, we'll see how Tanny closes this thing out, but our strategies in the past clearly have not worked (i.e. so-so free agent QBs and questionable drafting either late in rounds, or WRs at the QB position). 




 I'm so frustrated I want a revolt. I want the players to kick the damn coaches out of the lockerroom and take over. 




 That's how I feel too. We'll hover around 6-10 to 9-7, which means never getting the best QB in the draft. I don't follow college ball that closely, so I don't know how this class, or the next, is shaping up but Hickey better be paying attention.

Also very curious what Marino thinks at this point. He seemed high on Tannehill for a while, but after the past few games and now actually having an official role in the organization, I have to wonder what he thinks. 




 I heard the same things about Dalton, but also watched a few Cincy games. He was managing the games well, and taking them to the playoffs.

Then there's Tanny...

I'm not totally dismissing our QB, we clearly have other issues (Coyle...damn man, really?) but I'm also done defending him with things like "well our oline has issues" because he's not doing his part either from what I see. 




 Russell Wilson regularly hits receivers down the field. 




 We're worse. Where's Hartline? Where's Clay? Why aren't we getting to the guys who were so productive last year? 




 Or anyone in stride... 




 I think Moore would have more interceptions, but would also make more plays.

Does that put us in a better position? I don't know. 




 That's the thing, at this point I think he is the weakness. We have good talent around him, it's his job to utilize it and he's failing.

Getting QBs in the 2nd round on is how we got Henne, and some other guys I've decided to forget. 




 I just posted something similar...

My only remaining hope is he's getting used to the new system. 

He looks so average... 




