 Gemiddelde hartslag zit ik ver onder haha 




 Thanks for your time!
Make sense now.
Felt really weird the "pain" but that nerve stimulation sounds like it.
 




 It's not gonna run android, impossible they will lose there whole core business "blackberry is most private" a big possibility is that it will run full android (Google services) inside bb10.  




 Had an Cardiac MRI done today for check up, but in the machine when they started the scanning my head started to explode like somebody was pinching me with a electric stick right in my brain and my brain stem. I wear a Reveal LinQ recorder that is MRI friendly. But when reading the technical manual it says do not use the local transmit coil, [Here a link to the technical manual](http://manuals.medtronic.com/wcm/groups/mdtcom_sg/@emanuals/@era/@crdm/documents/documents/contrib_188127.pdf)
But they did use it in the MRI i had the big thing on my chest.

I was wondering how can you get these electric shocks in your head during MRI is this normal? 




 University Leiden has a uitzendbureau where they are working together with. 

[A link to JobMotion!](http://www.voorzieningen.leidenuniv.nl/jobmotion/werknemers/werken-bij-jobmotion.html)

This is what I found, maybe the flexpool is interesting, you have to be available for at least 12 hours a week. 

But if I where you I would look for a job in the same profession where you are studying for at the moment.
 




 I'm sorry for you OP but it doesn't sound she is loyal to you. Good luck. 




 Hier precies hetzelfde! 2 jaar ziek geweest kan echt niet wachten om de wereld in te gaan. Wat veranderd ziek zijn je blik op de wereld. 




 Waarschijnlijk schreeuw je na de eerst week al om een kamer, elke dag 3 uur is reizen is toch echt zonde van je tijd. 




 Soccer a ball for soccer is only 30 bucks. 




 luckily they don't fuck around with chest pains, can get pretty ugly in a very short time. 




 Saving private Ryan, almost all the actors became famous. 




 We have this in the Netherlands also! Especially in the smaller villages and we have a lot but seriously a lot of AED's placed everywhere, train stations, city centers, neighbourhoods lately you see them seriously almost everywhere also in the small villages you see them more and more because they are more then 15 minutes away from the ambulance post. If I would live in the US I would do it in community level, everybody pays 10 dollars and you can buy one. O and if somebody calls 911 for a cardiac arrest seriously all police, ambulance and firefighters in the area are racing like crazy to get there as quickly as possible here is a example:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KoaVnsznwhU

Sometimes they also send a helicopter with a doctor in it specialised in trauma's and who can perform certain surgical procedures on the street.

 




 Is this from the cafeteria? Or is this the menu they serve to the patients? Because holy sh*t giving chips to patients?!? 




 je zou toch bijna een account aan gaan maken om te gaan lopen fucken op dat forum.. 




 Snap toch af en toe niet wat er in zulke mensen hun brein verkeerd gaat. 




 Is that the dog whisperer on the right? 




 Thank you for the kind words. Yeah it sucks big time, especially at such a relatively young age. 
Thanks again! 




 Kick him in the nuts and move on. Not to literally but you know what I mean. 




 Het blijft idd nog een tijdje hangen, misschien is praten met een psycholoog een optie, zij weten vaak goede handvatten te geven. Je zit natuurlijk ook in een soort rouw proces, dit slijt er vaak uit in verloop der tijd. Is natuurlijk niet niks om een vriend te verliezen op zo een jonge leeftijd. 

Bel maandag gewoon even de huisarts hij kan je sowieso verder helpen. Misschien is het ook een idee om er is met je vrienden over te praten wat er is gebeurd misschien ben je niet de enige in de vrienden groep die het hierdoor moeilijk heeft gekregen of is geschrokken.

Succes. 




 You aren't a failure, nobody is. 

We are all proud of your graduating, don't let us down two!

As the top comment suggested get your self a good psychiatrist, things will get better with the appropriate help, it's gonna take time, but when you are better in the near future you are gonna be really glad you didn't do something stupid tonight.

I'm a your friend from now on, feel free to send me as much messages as you want I will truly answer all of them. 

Just don't do it. 




 Thank you Doc! Much appreciated! 




 I'm sick for the last 2 to 3 years, it started with racing heart rate 195 bpm first conclusion by GP: "panic attack" I said i'm not scared nor am I in panic but they didn't listen because I was young (21 at the time) and young people can't be sick. I kept telling them my heart acts weird it goes to slow and to fast nah that's all anxiety (hmm slow heart rate with anxiety)? So for 1,5 years this went on and on every day I asked the GP for a referral to a Cardiologist in Holland this is the way it goes a GP needs to refer you to a Specialist. Instead she said no you need to see a psychiater and work on your anxiety I still said i'm not scared but well I was at the point to except every help in the world because I felt so sick. So i was put on Anti depressants surprise surprise they didn't work, they only made my slow heart rate much worse. Kept telling them my heart rate is getting to slow (38 bpm fully awake, dizzy almost passing out) nah it was still anxiety, you are making this up or you can't count, they told me I that i had a very severe case of anxiety so they putted me in the Psychiatric Hospital and they thought I was absolutely fucking crazy. My mom and dad shocked to death because I was always such a nice kid and very realistic. After 3 weeks I certainly knew I wasn't on the right place and asked my mom and dad to pick me up.

Later my mom kicked me out of the house because she couldn't handel it because my GP kept saying nah he is lazy and needs to go play sports it's all in his head, she asked my dad if I could stay at his place. We haven't spoken for 6 months but we are slowly working on it and we are meeting once a week now.

We are 1,5 year further now then first my first time racing heart experience, I changed GP and he referred me to a Cardiologist and Endocrinologist: turned out my Pituitary Gland was inflamed an my cortisol was way way way to low and I had Severe bradycardia and now last week I heard my echocardiogram(ultrasound of the heart) showed that my heart muscles is getting weaker and showed there is damage in the muscle something called Akinesis or something I need an MRI in 2 weeks to see how bad it is, but in general those things aren't really good when you are 23. 

I have seriously NO CLUE how i'm still a life, sometimes i can't even think or remember where i was 5 minutes ago and walking a stairs absolutely get's me out of breath and I get massively light headed. 

I want to get off my chest that I feel extremely sad and I lost complete confidence in my own body and mind because I didn't stood up for myself in the beginning.
 
O and fuck you to the so called friends that aren't there when you actually need them, lost a lot of friends. 

So now i'm gonna be sad again and sit in a corner and cry a bit more thinking back of the horrible 2/3 years I had.


 




 De verdediging is echt om te huilen. Stam! Warmlopen! 




 Verse cashewnoten?  




 Not entirely on topic, but I life in Delft and I HIGHLY recommend you to join a Studentenvereniging (Student association/students unionI have no clue what the right english translation is). I see a lot of Asian people or other foreigners how are missing a great deal of fun. 

But back on topic:
Klokhuis, Journaal, Jeugdjournaal and maybe some cartoons you have in Asia also where you know the story line from already, that would make it a bit easier. 




 touch 




 jaa was ook wel lachen aangezien bij de laatste dat ding onder de glijmiddel zit schoot behoorlijk door de klas die dildo. 




 Yes 




 If you come over we can melt it back in one piece.  




 Heb toch de indruk dat dit wat ruim uit ze verband word getrokken. Zo incapabel kan die niet zijn. 




 PS3 controller 




 Indeed it's brilliant the sarcastic references are hilarious, "nobody else can make the world a better" CEO of Hooli 




 Really fun movie! 




