 That is the only reason I would ever try and make a post in this subreddit.  




 I signed up to be an 0231 Intelligence Analyst. My recruiter told me I would be like James Bond. Many other Marines told me this as well. I am far from James Bond or any other type of spy.  




 I can't lie, I didn't read EVERY single word. I tried to speed read through most of what you said and I understand most of the situation. However, in my opinion, I am in no way saying that I have any idea what it's like to be a victim or to be close to someone who was a victim. The story was just touching and I felt some obligation to voice my thoughts. Hopefully they reach you through the flood of comments.

I really think you made the right choice here. I cannot believe the lack of contact and respect her and her family have shown you. Granted, they are her family and they should be sticking by her side regardless of the crappy decisions she makes.

In the end, you did your best. You have to give yourself some credit, you did your best to make it work, to give her her own space, to let her recover and come back to you. I don't care if she needed to, "take her sexuality back," that sounds like a load of bullshit. I feel like an asshole for saying it, but someone needs to tell the truth. If she were to do that, she should've done it with you because she supposedly loved you and wanted to be with you. Being a victim does not give her the right to mush your face in the dirt. Not when you're supposed to be partners for a lifetime. 

If she wants to communicate through her therapist then good, let her do that and leave the letter with her therapist. That's the way she wants to do things because she is too afraid to confront you and have a real conversation then so be it. How could she possibly have sex with another man and then treat you like a troll after you try and kiss her. How dare she? 

As I said, I speak for myself and my own thoughts. My opinions are my own. Maybe the mentality is different as a victim. That is something I pray I never experience, or anybody I know should ever have to experience. I am truly sorry for her, you, and everyone surrounding you both. Best of luck to you both. 




 I told someone that I had just gotten out of the Marines. They said, "Oh, wow....And you're not crazy?!" Really no answer for that.  




 No, no, it was definitely as the fire hydrant.  




 Definitely understandable.  




 People take this too seriously. If I got hit in the face with a pie out of no where, the first thing through my head wouldn't be, "I'm definitely going have this man arrested." I'd be way too surprised at the fact that I just got pied in the face. Sheesh. That's too funny, I haven't laughed at something on here like that in a while.  




 New Bern, right? I didn't know him and his wife split. My girlfriend's aunt used to see her at the Walmart nearby all the time. Said she was usually very nice, never saw much of Nicholas though. I drove by his house a few times as well just for kicks when I used to live in the area. 




 I didn't realize so many people from Poughkeepsie were on reddit! I am waiting for the same thing as well, it has had its ups and downs. So far it's been hanging on pretty strong  




 Everyone recognized it right away! 




 Scarily thin! 




