 You can't use posts on a forum as an unbiased sample. People go on forums for two reasons - to connect with other enthusiasts and to bitch.  The majority of people who own any particular vehicle aren't even going to be online.  Of the more than 10 Twins in my immediate area only three are on the forums with any regularity. 




 Stuh...dee?  Does not compute. 




 Googled this, found an interesting article.

http://www.tahosy.dk/handleplaner%20forankringssteder/tinnitus/j.1365-2273.2001.00490.pdf 




 I haven't used the Diz on the 6+ but I've had four on various other phones.  The only reason I didn't get one is that it's got a square(er) edge so you lose the shape of the phone.  The NGP is rounded. 




 I started with a Tech 21 but actually ended up with the NGP.  I think you'll like it. 




 It's about damn time! 




 Best Buy TPU or Diztronic for real cheap.  For not quite as cheap, Incipio NGP. 




 What kind of a degree is she getting?  Make it something representative but stylized (this is sort of a takeoff on the idea of her standing on a skyscraper that /u/Rosetti had).  For example - architect?  Draw her directing the building of the pyramids.  Physicist?  Facing into the page wearing a lab coat, shading her eyes against a distant nuke blast.   




 Yeah, I mean, for me it's the high frequencies where I go into severe territory so anything I can do to get some clarity, I'll do.  Drives my girlfriend nuts (I think) though. 




 Smaller car.  ;)

Surprisingly roomy though. 




 What leads you to believe this is a 2016 and not representative of the very limited edition 2015 MY? 




 Yeah, I didn't figure as much.  I've just never seen that type of plate before (only lived in the area not quite two years) and the interior looked suitably ancient.  Obviously the Mustang wheels are a hint but anyone can change wheels. 




 So funny story...I actually ordered six of them.  They go half price when you order more than 5 so I figured why not.  I might do one front, one back, and have some spares. 




 It's my b-day 5/12.  Been my screenname for well over 20 years now.  if you run into a train_subject5569 on the internet, it's me.  That does cause some problems with anonymity though.

And yes, I do.  Winter is coming.  But I know nothing, so...Actually though she's Ghost because she's white.  She also screams.  I guess I could have called her Banshee too.  But I like Ghost and so does my girlfriend, so it's stuck. 




 http://i.imgur.com/EWFzV.gif

I love love love to feel the beat.  But I have to also crank the heck out of the treble to be able to understand anything.  :D 




 Moderate to severe; seems to be growing worse over time.  Bad tinnitus.  Was hit by a car as a child and suffered head trauma so that's the suspected cause.  I've got Bachelor's (Electrical) and Master's (Systems) degrees in Engineering and work for the US Government. 




 NF2? 




 My phone keeps changing the number 2 to "to" for some damn reason... 




 And how will you feel two years down the line when you've moved that card into the HTCP in your bedroom because you couldn't even sell it for $100 on eBay?  Yeah, that's called technology.  :D 




 There is a reason I have a meme pic of Grumpy Cat saying "I AM smiling" above my desk.  Also, diagnosed?  INTJ isn't a condition, internet person.  It is a part of who you (and some of us) are.  It's not a bad thing.  It's not a good thing.  it's just A thing.  People will not always understand you.  That's their problem. 









 Also the vents on either side of the rear glass have partial covers to help direct air in (at least on the Z07). 




 Uh, there are plenty of skinny people who are not fast, strong or healthy.  Just saying.  ;)  That said, yes, it is generally a good idea to lose weight.  And an even better one if you have a motorcycle too. 














 No, but worse mileage and sluggish throttle response will result from having disconnected the battery.  This will go away as the ECU relearns the car and your driving style  (20 - 50 miles).  It also happens when you reprogram the car with updated tunes (but you didn't mention anything about that). 




 Did you disconnect the battery while you were doing the change? 




 Yes, it is.  Saw it there after Boxerfest two weekends ago.  Didn't have a transmission yet. 




 Sell the phone on eBay and use it to pay off the contract? 




 The camo pattern and the bar are so close together it was hard for me to initially tell.  I'm still not 100% sure either way. 









 Agree.  Reflections don't match and while the other pipes cast shadows on the ceiling, the ones holding the tanks don't. 




 Good luck...I've had an absolute hell of a time trying to sell mine.  Between people trying to low ball and getting jerked around by scammers who don't show up to prearranged meetings, I'm about ready to just donate them and write them off. 




 Sounds pretty meaty.  I like it.  Are you all stock ahead of the overpipe (header, intake, etc.)? 




 To whomever downvoted me - it's nice that you are either pro-LGBT or antigun.  You have that right.  But you have to look at the whole picture.  Increased funding for schools (taxes).  Increased welfare (taxes).  Against immigration reform.  The only thing the guy has going for him is that he's pro-LGBT and pro-choice.

Why can't we have a candidate who'll just live and let live, so to speak?  You know, a Libertarian. 




 You almost had me, but he's totally for gun control.  This is why you can't be a single issue voter.

Also, the guy is a lifelong politician.  First campaign in 1972?  He's 73!   




 Holy hell that's fast.  Best I've ever done was 38 and that was pretty awesome. 




 It's Lake Bled in Slovenia.  I've been there :) 




 Yes, because more than half of all marriages don't end in divorce *rolls eyes* 




 Oh come now, shouldn't it be Hamsters and Wolverines? 




 So that car we saw at Boxerfest and then later it showed up to the afterparty/dyno day at Pure Auto.  The louvers look really good on the car in motion.  Stupid, stupid expensive though.   




 The LS2 is in a different vehicle now.  I had some pics of it too but just the engine bay.  When I dropped my car off for springs I go to hear it running.  Reminded me of my former GTO *sniff*. 




 It didn't have a transmission installed in it yet.  So, no.  The other car with the dyno sheet taped to the front made 588rwhp though; that was an FA20 with a Full Blown turbo kit.

There were several people joking though that the turbo wasn't big enough because folks could fit their hands between it and the fuse box.

In addition to the green one there were actually three 2JZ Supras, an old Cressida with a 2JZ swap and a 240SX with an SR20DETT (I think; I'm not as familiar with Nissans).  And an R32 Skyline GTR.  And a new GTR, a ZR1, a C6 Z06... 




 The 86 platform vehicles come either as a manual or a traditional automatic (torque converter).  Having paddles does not make them "semi-automatic" or a DCT/MCT.  Many automatic transmission vehicles come with paddles these days.  That's not to say the transmission isn't good, though.  You will however notice a significant difference due to the lower gearing of the automatic and the rear end used in the automatic cars (which is why they also get substantially better gas mileage than the manual).  




 I used to be.  I got rid of Facebook a few months ago. 




 Lem: Oh, my God. Maybe we're evil scientists.
Phil: (laughing manically) I'm sorry. I laugh like that when faced with an unpleasant truth. That's why I got thrown out of that Al Gore movie.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCobLOb7UTQ 




 So these are just some pictures I took yesterday at the Mid-Atlantic Boxerfest at FedEx Field in Landover, MD.   









 Dip dip potato chip.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQEzGSnzi5I 




 Some say that a supervolcano might look something like this...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzk1uqxpfoY 




 If we weren't talking about something that only happened a few years ago, I'd agree with you.  But we're talking about 18 year olds who bullied/were bullied earlier in their teen years.  Class reunion time another 10 years down the line is the time for reconciliations.  Right now, they've both still got an absolute ton of growing up to do.  Not that I disagree with OP's sentiment in any way. 









 Ah hahahahahahahahahaha.  Live your life for a bit and then get back to us.  

p.s. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrxI_euTX4A 




 Find an old Thrustmaster kicking around and pick up Flying Nightmares.  AV-8B sim.

http://www.homeoftheunderdogs.net/game.php?id=2722 




 Love that the first comment to the post is a CF'er.  









 Easy.  Pilot ID becomes RFID enabled and the lock is no longer controlled by a person. 




 I've always enjoyed Carcassonne. 




 Have one also, grey tinted Classic Check. 




 Good news everyone!  I mean, good luck! 




 Yep, I have a turn I take coming home that is a greater than 90 degree right hander - not quite a U-turn but nearly.  Nannies normal on stock tires they cut in hard but VSC in Sport I can execute a very graceful drift (under the speed limit with a green light and no pedestrians or cross traffic to yield to, of course). 




 Been watching this on wunderground all week.  Forecast kept going back and forth between snow and rain here in MD but settled on rain. 




 No. 




 No. 




 That's because a 225/40-18 is half an inch bigger in diameter than the stock 215/45-17.  A 225/35 would've been .4 inches smaller.  OP did about the best he could do, but I'd have gone smaller personally.  That combo probably weighs a ton more than stock given XXRs and Chinese tires. 




 You didn't get enough baggies.  I only see two boxes. 




 Did you take the stickers off your side windows or were they rolled down?  Can't tell with the beer goggles on the camera haha.  You are the guy from Bakersfield right? 




 No, no they don't.  But yes, it was.  Back when there was precipitation that regularly fell from the sky, anyway. 




 I had a salesman tell me the BRZ was a turbo and had AWD while he was showing to to me.  This was in Annapolis if anyone is wondering.  It doesn't matter the brand - there are know-nothings just trying to put money in the bank in every showroom. 




 Cb is a special edition only, supposed to appeal to women or some such BS; it's not a facelift.  




 And I see no one actually answered your question, so I will.  The Monogram was a 2014 only deal and they were "limited" production.  Plenty to be found on lots still but they are all leftovers at this point.  However, Scion being Scion you can look forward to a new special edition each model year with pretty good certainty.

2013 - Sc10n Series /// 
2014 - Monogram /// 
2015 - Release Series 1.0 (FR-S) / Series.Blue (BRZ) /// 
2016 - ...?  Whatever it is I can assure you it won't be a convertible or have a turbo contrary to what blogs you may read. 




 Ok, well, go have a seat over there and think about what you've done and how you'll make it up to her. 




 Are you wiring up the rear fog as a brake light, is that the idea (the central red reflector in the bumper on US vehicles is the rear fog in other countries)? 




 And they've done the same on the new GT3 RS.  It also is the first serial production car with a magnesium roof - even lighter than carbon fiber. 




 Between LWCP, LWFW and DS you're taking about 25 lbs out of the car.  Look at it that way. 




 I looked at it from the perspective of taking four pounds (I have the Raceseng) off the very front of the car - not so much for the rotating mass benefit but the improvement to the polar moment of inertia and CG of the vehicle (between the stock muffler-single delete and spare/tool removal that's almost 60 lbs off the extreme rear of the car).  Balancing that in the engine bay is harder and more expensive but every little bit helps.  Up front I did the pulley for -4 lbs and LiFePO4 batt for -26 lbs but I also did Grimmspeed MC brace, STB and intake for a gain of around 4-5 lbs.  Net change up front then is -25 lbs give or take. 




 Carbon DS is actually smaller diameter so it has less chance of interference with whatever exhaust you might run.  But they cost basically 2x as much.  Both AL and CF are significantly lighter than stock though. 




 I can totally appreciate being away and wanting to get right in it but dude, let her warm up first.  Foreplay before the main event.  Revving a cold engine is about the worst thing you can possibly do... 




 On this platform that's called a front pipe.

Header - overpipe - front pipe - catback (midpipe - axleback)

Do you have the single or dual Berk?  I have a single but exhaust is otherwise stock so far. 




 Understand.  Many car companies do though.  They care a lot.  They don't want to be fined or forced to leave the marketplace. 




 All eggs smell sulfur-y to me.  To this day I can only eat scrambled.  My girlfriend is a big time foodie and thinks I'm nuts.  *sigh*  




 Try almost 800 lbs heavier...

http://automobiles.honda.com/accord-coupe/specifications.aspx 




 Also, a loaded Accord V6 MT coupe weighs 3528 lbs.  So carting around an extra 800 lbs it needs the torque.

http://automobiles.honda.com/accord-coupe/specifications.aspx 




 At which point you install winter tires and continue about your business.  Which you should do for FWD, RWD, or AWD anyway. 




 No.  And a TSB is not a recall - a TSB basically is, if the customer complains about X, do this.  There've actually been 3 or 4 different TSBs for the HPFP.  However, this guy is really making a much bigger deal of it than it is. 




 Humanity made it to where we are today just fine without all that crap.  Don't let Fisher Price define your lifestyle dude. 




 Have you ever driven a V6 Mustang, same year as yours?  Ford heavily touted performance with that first ever 300 HP V6 marketing nonsense, but transmission and gearing were setup to be all about that em pee gee. 




 To your point, it's also not the place for people who don't own one. 




 I dunno, crashing through a k-rail off an overpass and falling to the ground 20 feet below would probably be kind of a little worse than ending up in a ditch... 




 A sleeper that sounds like a NASCAR is only a sleeper to a deaf person.  There should basically be no way to tell until you scream away from a starting line (you'll note I didn't say stoplight). 




 In the dipyourcar.com vids they always recommend spraying pretty thick out onto the tire to allow it to peel cleanly.  If it won't, you might not be spraying thick enough or uniform coats over the wheel. 




 Good on ya.  Also, digging the red flaps.  I run the same on my white FR-S. 




 I disagree.  Yes, better traction makes the rear step out less, but as you grow in competence as a driver it means the limits are being raised.  Which allows for further improvement.  Driving at the limit on a closed course can be more fun than drifting at 15MPH, believe me. 




 Stahlbus drain plug.  Don't need to prop your bike up that way. 




 Surely you mean ex-friend; alternatively, frenemy or nemesis? 




 Looks like setting to allow disabling was merged today.  Should be in nightlies tomorrow or the next day I'd guess...

http://review.cyanogenmod.org/#/c/91044/ 




 Haha yeah that also works, ye olde Dee Em Vee.  Enjoy the new ride, and make sure you keep an eye out for stray lightposts when you're drifting through your parking lots.  They'll jump right out at you when you least expect it. 




 Honestly, no.  BUT, previous to the intake I was already OFT tuned Stage 1 93 octane, running an aFe panel filter and Mishimoto intake hose, LWCP, LiFePO4 battery, no spare, Berk single exit muffler delete, so the gain from the new full intake and revised OFT tune are probably lost in the noise. 




 Ah, see here on the mainland we refer to that as the Eastern Shore no matter how far north/south you are to avoid that sort of confusion ;)  




 SoMD?  Check this out:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=67480 




 I've got the Grimmspeed.  I don't really notice any specific sounds from it.  I'm not the best judge though, as I have no muffler, no hood mat among other things. 




 When you're first learning, you complete braking before turn in and then accelerate once you reach the apex.  As you get on in experience, you will brake to the apex and accelerate at the apex/out of the turn.  You want to brake smoothly so that you settle the suspension going into the turn.  The braking forces will give the wheels turning - the front - slightly more traction, which is good for turn in.

The stock suspension setup is biased such that the rear will be loose in turns - hence those big drifts.  This is on any of the three 86s, but the FR-S is setup the most that way.  The BRZ and GT86 less so. 




