






























































































































































































































































































































































































































 Since his confinement, Bales has been baptized and focused on his Christian faith. Hes also taking classes to finish a bachelors degree and learning to be a barber. 




 Since his confinement, Bales has been baptized and focused on his Christian faith. Hes also taking classes to finish a bachelors degree and learning to be a barber. 


































































































































































































 What I admire most about my brother was he kept us safe.

Does Jeb not know his brother was President on 9/11? 

















































 I'm not sure where you are from, but the United States has an all-volunteer military.  Therefore, every GI, sailor, airman and marine who participated in the unjust wars against Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, et al, did so by choice.   They committed war crimes to further the political, religious and economic interests of a select group of elites whose only goal is to promote U.S. hegemony and empire.  They do not deserve admiration or thanks. 
























 Why honor soldiers who participated in an unjust war? 









 No, it's just a statement by a person incapable of formulating an intelligent rebuttal argument.  I think you know the statement by the author is true, but you just don't have the courage to admit it. 














 Let me ask you a question:  Do you believe the soldiers who died in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere since 2001 died to "protect our freedom?"  If so, please explain. 




 I noticed that you didn't refute the premise of the piece.  Please tell me what is wrong with the author's statement. 






















































 From Wikipedia: Moshe Kantor has been the president of the European Jewish Congress (EJC) since 2007, having been re-elected to the position in 2008 and again in 2012. The EJC, the largest secular organization representing the interests of European Jewry, is an influential, international public association representing some 2.5 million Jews across the European continent in 42 national Jewish communities. 


































































































































































































 How many women and children were killed during this slaughter?  How do they know that every adult male killed was an "IS Member?"  Did the killers stop and take DNA samples of each murdered body to determine whether the deceased were known "leaders?"  This reeks like the bid Laden raid fairy tale. 
























