 Thank you! :D 




 I like Squishy! 




 Heheheh... 




 Almonds. I eat almonds everyday. 









 The first person that walked into my room, was not my husband. 




 If you block it properly after you finish, then you can get rid of that 'scrunchieness'. It looks great! I love making headbands with horseshoe. 




 Now, fill it up with a glorious yarn stash! Horde ALL THE FIBERS!!! 




 You shouldn't beat yourself up for that. True, she is your friend, but it sounds like she needed more help that you could've possibly given. It may have saved her life, almost dying. Many people attempt suicide realize how much they have to live for. You are a good friend, and I hope you guys are still friends, and that she got better.  




 His face looks like an owl. 




 I used to spew fatlogic a few years ago. I reasoned that I only eat three times a day, normally skipping breakfast and eating only one snack for the day. Oh and liquids can't have that many calories because I just have to pee it all out in a few minutes, right? Especially alcohol! It wasn't until I downloaded the My Fitness Pal app that I realized just how many calories I had been consuming. Now I eat what my body needs and run almost everyday. Good bye JennIsFat, and hello train_subject2843!
[fat to fit!](http://imgur.com/GJc7d2s) 




 Plus side is that the pain means the tissue is not completely dead, and his foot can be saved! 









 Aw! I remember when you posted his puppy pictures! He's gotten so big! I love his markings. 




 Something that frightened you, or disturbed you? Something you can't explain, or was traumatizing? 




 Knitting. It's so much easier than it looks. 




 First off, good for you! I think that doing something for yourself that makes you feel good, or less uncomfortable is something to be positive about. I've personally had an issue with a certain body part, and your post has help assure me that if I want to get it fixed (for comfort reasons) I shouldn't feel ashamed by it. You are amazing. I'm so proud of you. :) 




 First off, f/26/125lbs/5'6.5". Looking to change my macros from a ketogenic scale to something new. I've lost all the weight I wanted to and I'm ready to become more lean and eat more carbs. I will continue to eat clean but I need help with the division of my macronutrients. I run daily (3-5 miles)and I'm starting a lifting routine with bag work. Any suggestions? 




 Thank you! :D I'm already in love with them and I'm on my second project already! 




 I've always loved your cosplays. Your boyfriend's are really cool too! I really want to get into cosplaying now. 




