 Would you like a full build list?
Edit: No, D90s with 205/55 fronts and 225/50 rears  




 It's on jackstands right now  




 I did some 400 first, then moved onto 1000 for the really fine look. I still haven't decided if I'm going to go for a matte or gloss clear yet  




 Oh please. I've already work on suspension and brakes. I did it because I liked the idea and I think it's a great tribute to 356s and Magnus Walkers cars. I didn't do it to save weight, but because it looks pleasing. I'm not trying to be an expert, but I highly doubt that creates any drag at all. If it helps you sleep at night, I can stuff some tin foil in there and Bondo right over it. 




 I know full well what they're worth, like I said earlier. It's my car I'm going to do what ever I want to it. And I think it is far from rice if it's actually a purpose built track car. 




 I actually just bought some Hankooks, my wallet hurts after buying those. Let alone Hoosiers  




 To each his own, but this is my car so I'm going to do what I want to it  




 I'm thinking about getting plexiglass quarter Windows and added louvers to them like his 78 SC. I do have a matte black fiberglass header panel that's going on  




 Thanks! I was thinking about something like that for the other side, only my drivers side has a script handle so it would look weird if I just pulled that piece of plastic trim off the other side  









 Awesome, thank you so much  




 I'm currently in the process of building my 944 into a track car, and by any chance do you remember what you did to make the front splitter/ valence under the front bumper? 




 Steel front rotors? 




 More pics of the 911 pleaseeeeeeeee 




 Valid point, I just feel since they're so similar and by the same manufacturer it wouldn't be as extreme as comparing "Prime" vs BBS 




 I know they're D90s, I think that clubsport just sounds better than D90.  




 Damn that sucks... Glad you're okay though  









 Thanks, I scuffed them with some 400 grit sand paper, used aluminum wheel cleaner, wiped them up with wax and grease remover, then I painted with Rust-Oleum copper metallic spray. They came out very nice for coming out of a can. 









 Yeah Massachusetts represent! 




 Can confirm, 944 NA box is absolutely garbage, can't even handle it's own power  




 Awesome, definitely going to do the tonight  




 Yeah to each his own. I think the vents themselves are fine it's just the horizontal black strips in them. I know it's supposed to be like a 935, but it just doesn't look right  




 I plan on doing a few this year. Would you say that having autocrossed before, it helped a little but with finding out the limits of your car? And did they have in car instructors? I'm pretty excited to actually get out on the track this summer. It's something I've been waiting to do for a very long time. 




 I love the front end of the slant nose, I just think that they would look better without the rear quarter vents  




 Hakosuka would be way better  




 Gorgeous color  




 What I should have said is that I don't think you'll be able to find one that has the fit and finish of a factory slant nose  




 I agree, the slant nose is pretty cool but I'd hate to see another 930 molested. Most of the aftermarket slant nose kits just don't look right either  




 That is my number one dream car, unbelievably jealous  




 Awesome, I love the speedhunters tires  




