 Censorship does not equal condonement.  US citz should know. 




 Maybe I'm stoned (which I am) but this is one of the first Advice Animals that made me laugh out loud. 




  The Zionists have taught us all why Jews have been hated since the days of the Roman Empire, driven out of one community after another over the centuries

Your first sentence is saying that the actions of the Zionists are indicative of some trait of all jews that have caused them to be pariahs throughout history.  You aren't talking about "Zionists Jews" in this case because there were not Zionists "since the days of the Roman Empire".  You are the one with malicious intent.  You are trying to incite rage against all jews by implying that they have some sort of inherent character or cultural flaw that leads to them being persecuted. 




 How does it compare with redwood?  i know redwood doesn't rot but it is expensive. 




 Thanks! I'll check this one out too. 




 This is not about jews. This is about a corrupt government.  There are jews inside and outside of Israel that object to and protest the actions of the Zionist government.

Of course you probably know that, because if you control F "jew" your post history, it's pretty clear that you are obsessed with bashing jews. 




 Have you seen [Room 237](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Room_237) ? It details how The Shining might contain a confession of Kubrick's involvement in faking the 1969 moon landing and other great stuff. 




 aww, he's just going through his awkward years. 









 Eating locally is better for the environment, so it's good policy. 




 Dairy and meat consumption are also linked with all kinds of health problems where fruit and vegetable consumption is linked with all kinds of health benefits. 




 I'm having a hard time processing this because it is antithetical with my idea of an incompetent and corrupt federal government. 




 [Coming soon](http://www.mobygames.com/images/shots/l/522960-deus-ex-human-revolution-windows-screenshot-menu-augmentationss.jpg) 




 how much gravity does it have? 




 I don't understand how people can order carbonated syrup chemical soup and complain that it's not the *right* carbonated syrup chemical soup.

EDIT: lolz at all the people upset that i accurately described what soda is 




 explain it to me. i don't get it. 




 if there's a depopulation agenda it's [failing miserably](http://www.ldolphin.org/poprecent.gif).

[Better graph with projections](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:World-Population-1800-2100.svg) 




 Dogs can see colors, just less than humans do to their only having 2 color receptors instead of 3. 




 I only tuck my shirt in if I *forgot* to wear a belt.  Helps keep my pants from falling down. 




 Well, they both travel through a series of tubes... so.. makes sense. 




 Pragmatic is just another way to say "self-limiting". 




 WTF is "politically feasible"? All that amounts to is pandering to the status quo.  The way democracy is supposed to work is that when the majority of citizens wants something, that's what they've get.  But when we are so concerned with politics that it inhibits us from even TRYING to get what we really want, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.  We have to redefine in our own minds what is possible and stop limiting ourselves according to some arbitrary standard of "practicality". 




 On top of all the other nonsense you just spewed, you just put the icing on the cake by misattributing this stupid quote for the billionth time. 




 Of course any news of the Israeli government actually doing something *good* for a change is going to be spun by this sub as another reason to admonish jews.  Give it rest. 




 Except when men are raped of course.  Then it's always real and there is a media conspiracy to cover up how often men are abused and raped by women.

(Yes, I know it DOES happen, but come on people.  Double standard much?) 




 Woah dude.  You really need to check your attitude.  Where did I sign up to be your online therapist?  I thought I'd send you a few words of encouragement to hopefully make you think and get you on the right path of changing your thought patterns.  You could try being a little grateful that a stranger is willing to do that for you.

It sounds like you need more help than I can offer you via this correspondence.  Have you ever considered seeing a professional?  Having someone to talk to on a consistent basis can really help you to get in touch with your own feelings and thought patterns, and maybe uncover the root of the problems you are having.

I'll leave you with a few final words in the sincere hope that they help you: Ultimately, the only person that can make you happy is yourself.  You cannot control how other people will act, but you can always control your own reactions to what comes (or doesn't come) into your life.  Learning to observe and direct your own emotional state will dramatically effect the course of your life.  Most people want circumstances to change so they can feel better, but in reality, you have to feel better FIRST, by whatever means necessary, even if you have to "trick" yourself at first.  Once you've adjusted your attitude you will notice things will start going your way more and more often, until it becomes a natural flow.  It's the art of living.  I sincerely hope you think about what I'm saying and open yourself up to a new way of being. The universe WANTS you to be happy.  Everything you need to accomplish this is in your hands.  Bless you and good luck, brother. 




 Here's the thing.. you said jackdaw is a crow. 




 I've got to believe it's the tipping point. They can't control EVERYTHING. 




 Better late than never! 




 You must enjoy what you do? 




 You are not easy to ignore. 




 I think already know the bright side, don't you smarty pants? 









 Some people might find that sexy. 




 Are you in highschool?  If so, you can look forward to people to become less clichy and obsessed with superficial things later on.  Even in college a lot people still have to grow out of that.  And honestly, those people aren't worth your time anyway.

It sounds like you are aware of a lot of your own good qualities.  That will get you far.  Don't worry about who likes or doesn't like you.  Just do your thing, and eventually you are bound to run into people who you vibe with.  Be someone that you yourself are proud of and everything else will fall into place. I wish you luck! 




 *applauds* 




 [Some people](http://www.lardbiscuit.com/lard/truefa.html) like you for that! 




 ok 




 You are good at removing negative influences from your life. 




 I found this interesting enough to reply! 




 Gonna give you a serious answer.  You've just identified the reason you are unhappy.  That's actually the first step towards solving your problem.  Now you can go about doing whatever you have to do to change your patterns of thought!  Also, you know that it's up to you to make you happy. No one else can do it. 




 You give people a chance who others don't. That's nice. 




 You're a great friend. 




 You probably eat a diet high in fiber. 




 You're an entertainer! 




 Really good for you.  On the bright side, I'm sure could find a partner of legal age who looks young and enjoys roleplay?  Would that do it for you? 




 I'm sick of the 6 raging racists with 300 accounts upvoting this shit.  It's tyranny. 




 This sub is quite obviously vote brigaded. Jew bashing posts are routinely voted to the top and initially they are awash with favorable comments. Overtime when real subscribers start reading it, those comments start to get downvoted. 




 how many accounts do you have? 




  So your list includes people who left the government to work for Monsanto as evidence of some kind of revolving door. Quite the stretch if you ask me.

That's actually the definition of a "revolving door".

From the [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolving_door_(politics\)) which I suggest you read:

 Industry, in turn, hires people out of government positions to gain personal access to government officials, seek favorable legislation/regulation and government contracts in exchange for high-paying employment offers, and get inside information on what is going on in government.

Moreover, you seemed to have cherry picked examples from the list that are the least incriminating.  Clarence Thomas, by the way, worked for Monsanto for 3 or 4, but the length of time is irrelevant.  Anytime a judge of a case is a former employee of a plaintiff in a trial, there is a real conflict of interest.  2 former FDA commissioners have also worked for Monsanto as well.  There are simply way too many connections to ignore.  This is clearly a case of the wolves guarding the hen house. 




 Only heartless POSs pray for others to suffer.  Nowhere did I say I didn't care about the victims. 




 As per usual, you didn't supply any new information.  You simply linked to your own blog. 




 http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg 




 You hit the nail on the head. 




 Labeling laws are kind of the last resort of people who are concerned about ecological effects.  The federal government is a revolving door with the biotech industry.  Look at [this chart](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) for details.  Because of the governments unwillingness to impose rigorous testing standards, and instead rely on the companies' own research to approve new strains, the only option a concerned citizen has is to avoid supporting the industry with their purchasing power.  Of course, this is very difficult to do if we don't have knowledge of which products contain GMOs, and that's the way they like it. 














 If you actually read the link I sent you you would know this already.  Here is just ONE example:

Plants are bred to be resistant to glyphosate herbicides.  Farmers begin spraying massive amounts of glyphosates on their crops due to the resistance.  The targeted weeds evolve resistance to the herbicide.  Monsanto creates stronger herbicide and new crops with resistance to this herbicide.  The cycle repeats.  As the herbicides get stronger and stronger the collateral damage to the ecosystem gets higher.  These herbicides are already known to cause damage to certain insect life. 




 [Read and learn](http://rt.com/usa/usda-gmo-risk-report-537/) 




 OMFG, you literally chopped off the end of what (s)he said to manipulate their argument.

They actually wrote:
MUCH more research is needed to provide an answer as to exactly how the modifications will affect **ecosystems** in the long run. 

Talk about being disingenuous. 




 *Tyranny is the deliberate removal of nuance.*

Most people here seem incapable of nuanced thought, and so are imposing rational minds to a tyrannical atmosphere.  It's time we evolve past this concept of "teams" or "sides" or even spectrum.  We live in a beautiful multidemensional universe with an infinite number of moving parts.  We can't distill things down to "Good" or "Bad". I wish more people on reddit would grow up and evolve their thinking a little bit.  Nuance people. 




 Bill THANK YOU for speaking up on this.  Too many people here act like any kind of critical opposition or concern with GMOs is by definition "anti-science".  They have been able to effectively frame the debate about human health and for the most part ignore the environmental implications.  The precautionary principal should stand here, because we could be changing the ecosystem in an irrevocable way.

In your opinion, are scientists who are skeptical over the safety and efficacy of GMOs given a fair chance to research and present this research?  Is there some sort of systematic discrimination going on in the form of funding cuts or ostracization?  

Thank you again for speaking with bravery and integrity. 




 Can you expand on what you mean by getting legislation to draft an acceptable law? Like they refused to do it? Why can't citizens must right the law? Is this how state ballot initiatives normally work?  




 Hey, you do what you can when you can.  I started like 10 years ago just reducing my meat consumption to once a day. Now I eat completely vegan!  There are actually a ton of really awesome dairy alternatives.  For instance: [here's a really yummy vegan mac and cheese recipe](http://veganyumminess.com/creamy-vegan-mac-and-cheese/).

You don't have to go cold turkey or even ever completely give it up if you don't want, but reducing your meat and dairy consumption as you are comfortable is a huge help to animal welfare, and not to mention the environment!  Thanks for asking questions. 




 Hmmm.. 




 Looks like CA first voted in 1972, but 66% rejected it.  The one I was referring to was http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_19_(2010) with 53% voting no.  A substantial portion of the opposition came from people who were very pro-pot, perhaps even growers themselves.  They were worried about too much red tape and too high of taxes. 




 Embarrassed for CA right now.  We had the chance to be first and blew it.  Go Oregon! 









 This is why I don't call myself vegan even though I eat a 99.9% vegan diet.  Instead I say I eat a "plant-based diet", but every once in a blue moon I want to have a slice of pizza with real cheese, and I just do.  I don't feel bad about it and then I go right back to eating what I normally eat.  It doesn't have to be a dogma. 




 Moral objections are only one reason that people choose to be vegan.  Others include health and environmental concerns. Also, even if they do have moral objections to eating meat, they still might not tell you.  Like, if you object to say, abortion, and you're best friend just had one, you might just bite your tongue to avoid a conflict. 




 Are you a water/ress? It doesn't mean they don't understand it if they ask, it probably just means that it's easier to ask someone who's familiar with the menu than look through 50 menu items for the 1 things that doesn't have animal products in it. 




 Most wines. 




 Where are you getting your information from?

I googled that exact quote and the only the people using that quote are from sites dedicated to bashing Jews, not from Jews themselves.

Here is the real text of the Talmud online: 
http://www.sacred-texts.com/jud/talmud.htm

Now show me where in it, it says anything like that quote.  There isn't even a real conception in Jewish thought of a place called "Hell".  It's a more modern Christian concept, so this quote is highly dubious.

EDIT: and for the record, I've never ONCE heard a Jewish person refer to anyone as a "Goyim", I've ONLY heard it from people claiming that Jews regularly refer to the rest of the world by this word.  Jews really aren't the demons you're making them out to be.  I really suggest you open your heart and maybe try talking to some actual Jews to get their perspective. 




 Fuck this.  The Israeli government does not represent Jews as a whole.  Their name has been hijacked by Zionists.

Also, There is no legitimate reason to persecute anyone.  Here is the definition of persecute:

subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their race or political or religious beliefs.

Even if you can say without a doubt that the majority of members of any particular group are behaving badly, collective punishment is unfair and unhelpful.  It's unfair because of the members of that group that don't participate in this behaviour and may even speak out against it.  It's unhelpful because once you've stigmatized the entire group it causes an "us and them" division for both members of the persecuted group, and everyone else, which breaks down communication and bars finding real solutions. 




 I have been practicing yoga for over 5 years, and while I do go through phases of more and less active times in my practice, I see it as an integral part of my life's path.  I have been toying with the idea for some time to make the commitment to become a yoga teacher to share this joy with others.  Recently, I've made that commitment, declaring that I will do teacher training by my next birthday!

I don't know what form this will take, where it will be, or in what specific school I will study.  A note, I'm not necessarily looking to make a "career" out of this; my primary motivation is to deepen my practice and learn the skills I need to safely and effectively help others. I can see myself doing "by donation" classes in local parks.

A few questions come to mind at this point:

* What steps can I take today to move towards my goal?  I've browsed many websites, but I haven't found the one that looks perfect for me.  Still, I want to move forward
* Is "certification" a very important thing when looking for a teacher or school? As I said, I'm not necessarily looking for a job in the traditional sense.
*  Do I have to spend thousands of dollars on this?  Are there programs where I can volunteer for a reduced rate of teaching?
* What about choosing a "style"?  I want to learn all I can about a variety of yogic paths and not box myself in to a particular school.

Thank you for your thoughts. 









 That is just false.  There is a standard AND a definition for "organic".  Google it and stop spouting nonsense.   




 Mine doesn't even stop to smell pee. Nose must be busted. :-( 









 Ha! Mine is even worse.  He will put the ball literally in my hand, but if I close my fingers around it he will start growling and tugging away. 




 Probably: The Kills

Might: Fleet Foxes

Probably haven't: Sunset Rubdown

Haven't: Buke and Gass 




 That's actually a tricky question and you'll get different answers depending on who you ask.  The first Zionists were secular and made a political argument for the creation of the state of Israel.  It is correct to say that modern Zionists are acting "in the name of Judaism", but not everyone agrees that they have the right to do that.  There are actually religious arguments *against* Zionism, such as [this group](http://www.nkusa.org/) lays out. 




 They overlap, but they are not mutually inclusive.  Zionism is a POLITICAL movement for Jews to move to Israel.  There are many Jews who are not Zionists and there are also Zionists who are not Jews. 




 I've personally heard first hand accounts from dozens of Holocaust survivers. They talk about their family perishing in the camps. Are you telling me that all of these people were lying?  So, they managed to get all the jews on board to all tell the same story?  Where are the whistleblowers? 




 The fact that you are downvoted so much really makes me worry about the intelligence and intellectual honesty of the frequenters of this sub (of which I am one myself).  Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, but all that's happening here is people putting their fingers in their ears and going "Nanananana everything you know is wrong." 




 The first paragraph was the best part of this article.  Let's focus on that.

The day will come when no one is relying on a traditional job to survive.  We are reorganizing into self-sufficient sustainable communities.  The day will come when there is no one to run the grid power, and the servants will all leave the billionaires mansions to join these communities, and the billionaire will have to humble himself and walk down the hill to real community of human beings, beg forgiveness and ask to join. 




 Because it's talking about the average redditor. 




 What did we expect from /u/pm_me_ur_tits___  ? 









 The first plan is TO plan.  Everyone is going to have different ideas on how we should tranform the world and I say we try all of them.  Get together on the regular with real people near where you live.  Come together with a shared intention to make a difference and to come away with an actual plan of action, no matter how small.  Then share your experience with others so we can learn from each other's experience.  Stay positive, revise often, and don't lose focus on the goal. 




 you don't need to meet bigotry with bigotry. 




 The Powers That Be are extremely well organized and they thrive on chaos of the masses.  The more angry and scared people are, the easier it it to funnel their energy into their agenda.  As truth comes to light, the initial reaction is denial, followed by shock, followed by anger.  We need to take the next step, and come to a place of calm understanding.  From there we can begin to get together to take coordinated action to subvert the agenda.

There need not be one single, agreed upon plan, this is the MO of the power hoarders.  Instead we operate as [autonomous groups](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affinity_group) that can network when appropriate.  We need to use every means available to us.  If we get active, WE DON'T HAVE TO LIVE IN THE WORLD *THEY* WANT US TO.   Do not fall into the defeatist trap.  That is part of their plan.  This is our planet and it's time we take it back. 




 Who the hell is upvoting this nonsense? Seriously. 




 Does your game support Google cardboard? 




 Aaaaand it's 5am and I spend the last 12 hours coding, forgot to sleep!!  I've started on a new game, a puzzler!  I'm using [Processing](http://processing.org/)  to rapidly prototype the idea and for the level editor.  Once I have the design hammered out I plan on rewriting the game in Unity3D, bringing in all the good graphics at that time.  Very excited but I  must sleep! 




 Can anyone find the current status of the [lawsuit](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/2011/05/adrian_schoolcr_1.php) that Schoolcraft filed against the NYPD? 

In May 2011 a judge ruled that discovery could proceed, but I can't find any info and what happened after that. 




 Have you even *seen* a fossil? I mean, outside of your Darwin books. 




 This is really laughable.  Someone attempts to engage in a rational discussion of the content of the article and your mind automatically goes "SHILL!" Because anyone who even dares question any portion of your ideological view of the world is necessarily working with the enemy. 




 I see you edited your comment to remove you calling /u/werevolved "jewboy" for asking for proof that "the holocaust is fake".  Smooth. 




 In your reality people that question your denial of one of the most well documented events in history are "shills". 




