 Does he even know what the first amendment  is? 




 Well, I guess this may be why he was having relationship problems in the first place... 




 I think you fudged some of your writing....  "It must be the buyers fault!" 




 what??... 




 LOL, at first I thought you meant it litterly.... 
"because she was trying to **fuck** with me over the cost of a barbie doll"

Then I continued reading, was disappointed. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/WorkOnline/comments/1xo0o8/instaedu_make_20_an_hour_tutoring/

Maybe this would work out for you? 




 What does Jesus have anything to do with what this nation stood for? 




 This sounds like something a lawyer would say. 




 Lol, what people do for attention... 




 What a shocker, a bunch of circle jerking Ignorant children decide to make a planet out o a pebble... 




 Yes, everything is terrorism now. 




 Wage gap? Gun violence? 




 Yes, yes it is.

They are promoting unhealthy eating habits and increasing the risk of disease severely. 




 Wow, TIL people will buy anything for the brand name. 




 The study was skewed due to the inclusion of Justin Bieber. 




 Is there a massive design flaw behind the side mirrors as well?  




 What's wrong with the mirrors? 




 In other but related news: Craigslist ads for confederate flags reach an all time high! 




 He is black so it's okay. 




 I don't get what's the big deal about feeding 5k people... Hell, Hitler made 6 million jews toast and we aren't praising him. 




 Thanks!  




 I have been looking for the part number of this part and I can't find the damn thing, mainly because I don't know exactly what it would be called. Apparently there isn't even a link for it from the website that provides this diagram (part I need is #10):

https://estore.honda.com/honda/parts/show-block-image.asp?iid=14T3LD01 lid=T3L4B3740C 




 Damn, it looks better than a merc. 




 But it's true... 




 Have you considered writing apps for mobile devices? If you have, what do u think of it? 




 iOS emulator ftw. 




 This isn't news... You can be fired for looking at your boss funny. 




 I predicted there would be a nuke... I was right. 




 I'll Care when I see, "Fallout Shelter is now available on Android." 




 Say "fuck it" and enjoy the 10 days. The impact won't be huge so long as you return to your healthy lifestyle afterwards. 




 They act like airports are the only target of terrorism. 














 How old are you and where do you live? Never heard of a place where having a girlfriend was looked down upon. 




 But.... but.... its metaphorical... 









 You don't know what her reason is for not saying it. It could be that she hates you, or that she likes you.

Have you tried saying have a nice day to her when leaving? 




