 I am gay and a little grubby looking but still fear women thinking I'm a creeper. Tbe needle has swung too far in the other direction.  




 Gay guy here.  Very guilty of this 




 Please!  Not my calcium! 




 They're all nice till they shoot you. That is what they say in every one of these. Look at columbine. Or james holmes. He was pretty well adjusted for a while.  




 Hey CNN needs viewers one way or another 




 Ah. When in doubt blame whitey right?

75 percent of america is white. Of course they make up a large proportion of attacks. 

Muslims are like one percent of the population or two, and they make up more than that in terror incidents I would think 




 RELIGION OF PEACE 




 The peace corps/fsi courses here are enough to teach yourself a lot.

Teachers are expensive as fuck and you can gain a lot used in conjunction with a manual. 

The memrise Flashcards for any swahili stuff are great as well. 


https://www.livelingua.com/project/ 




 Basically yes. 

We spend trillions on militery welfare. 

Why not use it to study le science and go to Pluto (which isn't a planet). 


What would Neil Degrassy Tyson do?

Vote Sanders 




 Bernie sanders would have stopped it. 

We would have had signle payer and he would have had free healthcare and college.  









 London only gets like 35 inches of rain a year. By comparison, new orleans and miami get like 65 inches.  




 So ... Like dragon dildos? 




 Young people from spanish/italian cultures seem loud as fuck 




 \mainlanders


Ftdy 




 Hold my car collection! 


































 American 




 THANKS A LOT DARIEN 




 Santorum came in second place last time around and made himself a lot more rich from it 




 Dank/Meme's 2016! 




 Is the economy really that bad in tanzania right now? 




 USAA?  Do wrong?  Impossible! 




 I got banned from /r/frugal by saying that the political articles posted by maxacus fucking suck.  Seriously, /r/lostgeneration is a bernie sanders circlejerk half of the time as well 




 They still have obligations to follow what is outlined in the lease about respecting the property and not damaging it beyond normal wear and tear.  




 Um yeah where did you go to law school. U Florida?  Lmao. Enjoy being a. TTT 




 Dank meme bro 




 http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/100008-the-richest-nations-in-the-world-the-ten-richest-countries-on-the-planet 




 Quit being such a tennants rights advocate. If OP had a large party he could have easily been both breaking the terms of the lease and destroying the property of the owner,  




 Fracking isn't very dangerous 




 Thank you!  I talked to everyone about the campaign at work as well! 




 Asshole 




 Werent there quite a bit in angola or libya or something? 




 Being sexual is an addiction like being gay is an addiction.

We are born this way. 




 Tela was killed by edison.  It is a fact.  Too much money is being made from electricity for the man/utilities to let people finish the research to make it free. 




 Why would he pay them?  It is their fault. 














 There is free wireless energy.

Tesla discovered it, but Thomas Edison had him killed to keep making money from selling electricity for profit (ie, not for good use ). 




 You seem really judgemental.

As long as OP is enjoying it, he is doing what is best for him.

Who are you to judge?

Judging his sexuality and saying his orientation is wrong and slut shaming him is just as bad as the rhetoric of Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson 




 Honest about his status is probably more like "honest about his status" 




 Very very fantastical science fiction.  This isn't the first megaproject that is way beyond today's technological capabilities. 




 Johnny Appleseed. 




 Euphoric 




 What country are you going to? 




 FUCK COX 




 ie, something they agreed to pay back? 




 Why is he so mean?  They are taxpayers too.  




 Really?  Do you have a source? 




 Why can't we have it forgiven?  Everyone else will have free college.  




 What is funny is that people think national politics is brutal, when local politics is even more biting.  




 One drought does not climate change make 




 Canada literally cannot run out of water. This isn't australia 




 You don't treat water as a commodity now?

Have you ever purchased bottled water?  Or paid a water bill? 




 Please dont take quotes out of context 




 Jimmie Carter was the last good president America has had. He was better than even Reagan by far.  




 \minorities are the most uninformed segment of the population


Racist much? 




 /r/SandersforPresident 




 I was considering crop topping it or even just widening the hole. I would stick with clear/white poly. 

And they have models with a hose spigot at the bottom, which I could use to drain solids with relative ease.  




 Madea at the Apollo! 




 Probably stealing taxpayer dollars with the scam that is RICO 




 I was going to drop food in the top and drain out the bottom into the yard.  I live in USDA zone 10, so it would be plenty warm.  I could cut the top open or add a hatch of sorts if it was too small.  I even planned on just dumping an adequte air pump down the top. 


Would something like this be too crazy?  The rest of the family doesn't want a pond in the yard.  I will keep the stocking rate something healthy for the fish, and I think in reality it could provide a very safe and healthy environment.  I was going to probably have a water change rate of 10-20 percent a week, and drain the bottom into my surrounding yard.



http://www.usplastic.com/catalog/item.aspx?itemid=24879 catid=871 




 CHOO CHOO 









 Only on M/W/F 




 You would habe to be asleep to believe it.  More like the American nightmare to me.  




 Jasmine and basmati are the best two 




 Please don't make this a race issue. Bernie is popular in all of the demographics of my neighborhood. Everyone in williamsburg loves him! 




 Duke Nukem Forever! 




 That would be dank if you cooked the tilapia in weed oil 




 Work more/start a business/do a hobby 









 Wakati chama! 




 Jet fuel can't melt steel beams 




 Are you pretty successful making calls/texts over google voice and wifi? 




 Tunein radio app is pretty good as we 














 They are stockpiling weapons in case burt reynolds comes for the water 




 /r/marijuanaenthusiasts 




 So condoms don't work anyways? 




 Any athiest porn? 




 Le hehehe mon vercengetrois, nous speaky speaky toutes seul le francais heuheuheu 









 \we wont let you monopolize the service anymore


MUH OPRESSION! 









 Does it include growing it yourself? 



















 At least he learned to mind his own business 




 No. It is just interesting 




 /r/elvesamongus 




 1997 was 2000 years ago 




 Politically motivated 









 Keto works.  




 You could buy 3 for the rpice of a tesla. 

It isn't that ridiculous.  




 Ffs it is only 500 bucks 














 It depends on the state/country. Texas is much more of a clear cut yes than france, for instance 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Va82B64ow

http://talkingbirds.com.au/world-firsts/galatiel-php/world-first-galah-breeds-with-cockatiel/

It looks like they are 25% larger than a normal tiel. I totally want one now. It seems like galahtiels would be great for people who live in apartments.  




 I WARNED YOU ABOUT GAY MARRIAGE 



















 She is also anti northern pass and pro expansion of the amtrak line, which will be a huge and perpetual money loser for the state.  




 She threatened to veto the already very strict MMJ bill unless PTSD was not a qualifying condition and home grow medicine wasn't allowed. She is a very typical politician.  




 By the end of the obama presidency there will be more guns than people. We will have the most guns of any country in the world 




 Ad homenim .jpg 









 For those prices I would consider it. It is like 400/month for rent in nyc 




 We should grow the community as much as possible and spread the love. 

There is nothing wrong with protecting yourself.  




 How?  Everyone is at risk if you are sexually active. Idk why you guys are playing the race card 




 Americanforeskin?


Just curious, are your parents asian or hispanic?  They are a lot less likely to circumcise 




 .....planetfitness.com ? 




 .....planetfitness.com ? 




 I think women get them and think it is exotic because of the name.

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/9e/70/61/9e7061727b2a1167c1edca460d2f1843.jpg


So many of these just look terrible and are such low quality. I see women, especially outside of large cities, who try highlights and it ends up looking like trash 




 You forgot South Sudan 




 Le offbrand Rachel Maddow Face 




 He is a typical politico. 

He has gotten rich while in government, and turned his background in civil rights agitation into a polifical career 




 It ia a really bad balayage job 



















 I mean you already have a roomate, which is the gist of what I was suggesting.  




 Thank god the regional monopolies are enshrinedbby law! 




 You forgot south sudan 




 Seriously.  Even just one large/clean cup is enough to be a huge boon.  Also, either an ice maker or a bag of ice if you don't have a machine. My current host has no machine, no little ice trays, or a bag of ice.  Kind of frustrating..

I hadn't thought of it before, but a bunch of paper plates and disposable cutlery from like McDonalds would be a huge help as well as far as conveniencing guests.  




 I saw them selling drugs and there were used needles on the ground. 




 Anyone who ever votes republican meets the clinical definition of insanity 




 I saw that as well. Screencap and post to kotaku in acfion 
























 That sounds awesome!  I am just glad it reduces my risk so I can play a lot more now and still be pretty safe 




 Who knows?  Maybe the immune boost will boost your 1RM and VO2 max 




 So it is sort of like you take it as if it were male birth control? 




 Tiger woods is an aptronym 









 Do you think they are artificially boosting it? 




 There were dozens of grown men hanging outside doing nothing in wife beaters from 5-11PM. 

What can I do to minimize my losses and gtfo out of here?

My host listed the cancellation policy as flexible. Do I have to pay the booking fee and rental cost for the rest of the week if I cancel or what?

The website is quite confusing. I feel unsafe even parking my car here.  




 I mean if it isn't bad or is only a little bit on the edges it is still yummy. I use it all the time in homemade cookies 









 Holy shit. 




 Chocolate if it gets hot will also sweat where the fat sort of migrates to the surface, but if it is on sale it is still most likely safe and pretty tasty.

It is still chocolate. 




 I've drank diet energy drinks and powerbars that were on sale and like year past date.  These sorts of things are often fine.

I got the big MET RX cookies and cream bars for like 3 dollars for 12 a while back and ate a lot of them 




 The situation of owning a home.

If you can get a decent differential between renting out your main place and renting an efficiency, it can be a pretty sweet arrangement.

I know that couple, and even though they do not need to do that because of fiscal hardship, it is still a really great way to monetize their home.

Just look at how much your house would rent for vs how much you could rent a one bedroom for.  

I know you live in a cheap COL area, but I know people that are grossing an extra 2k/month from this if they have a nice house.  That would give you a lot more cash flow and equity on your home, even just in a few years. 



















 This is a huge achievement. Most people only gain weight their whole lives 




 This is a huge achievement. Most people only gain weight their whole lives 




 Keep it 




 Okay. 

I think I'll take it then!


Can I get at GNC/Vitaminshop/walmart, or do I need to see like an herbalist to try it out? 




 Pre K has little connection to long term academic performance. In fact, almost none.  




 I'm a sexually active male.  




 Your hair and face look cute now. You could submit the first photo to /r/justneckbeardthings though 
























 Mm! 


We should make the bear our state animal 




 Hillary likes comcast, was an executive at walmart, and voted for the war in Iraq. Do you stand for that? 




 Wow I'm pretty, what a struggle 




 Cheaper?  The food will cost billions of drachma 









 Anyone want to make any guesses? 




 Shit. I forgot you went to a private school. My bad bud.  




 I was just asking as your username sounded foreign. 

I would speak to your school counselor ASAP if you are struggling. 

Many times people are melodramatic about being outed, but if you think that your parents would hurt you or kick you out, do not come out until you have finished college. 

You are going to make it through this. Just hang in there. 


Also, dont get busted or outed via your reddit account. Set a passwordon your phone and laptop.  




 Maybe just a "teenie weenie" bit 




 This isn't fifa 














 One hand?

Isn't this what mom is for?

 









 Imitation crab meat is still just white fish colored red. It isn't that unhealthy to my knowledge 




 Knowing how to fancy up home cooking is the way to go.


The markup for most restaurant food is insane. Even a simple greek salad of lettuce, olive oil/vinegar, olives, and feta cheese is like 4/5 dollars. 

Even if you eat a lot of convenience foods, the prices are still easily half that of restaurants.  




 I think it looks great imho.  




 CLICK HERE OR WE'LL SHOOT THIS DOG 




 Irrespective of wanting to expand/shrink entitlements, don't entitlements plus the debt start to spiral out of control in less than five years?

SSDI is already on the verge, and like 25 percent of social security is missing in the long term.  




 Benadryl and soak the legs in water as hot as you can for 15 min under the faucet of the tub 




 Have you had the lime cuticle cream?  You can use it on your lips too. Amazing!  The pomegranite lip balm is to die for too 




 I am sure the owner will come forward soon. Thank you for your hospitality.


-another bird owner 




 It isn't about parking, it is about $$$ 




 You can still phone bank for primary states 









 Exactly. The EU as it exists is not a help to us.  




 Have you ever read "the Vampire L'Estat"?

What a good amateur fanfic! 




 \33% of Finnish citizens "believe there is a God". 









