 first bahahahahaha 




 (text gold) 




 They were trying to say that comedy can still be written within the context of the show correct? 




 "I'm just a Q-tip!!!" 




 thot walk 




 what the fucking fuck man? 






















































 Don't write off the possibility of demonic involvement. I remember experiencing this multiple times, having a feeling of another presence within the room, and only alleviating when I called upon the name of Jesus. It also would happen right when I started feeling courageous about my faith and considered stepping out further than my comfort zone. I know /r/christianity likes to take the more naturalistic approach to most topics like this and psych related topics, but remember, we battle against not flesh and blood, but the principalities of spiritual darkness. So, never discount the presence of Lucifer and his minions and look to Jesus in prayer and humility, as his authority is above all - and we are His children. Fear Not.  









 I like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuC_4mGTs98 





























 Don't worry brother. This is the exact subreddit that shares your views. well said.  









 God's probably more offended at you harming your body (his temple) than expelling liquid onto a religious icon. You're fine, quit smoking.  




 I don't get why the jews didn't just have some land in the godforsaken mid-west of the united states. At least there they would only be squabbling with Native Americans, of which we've more or less already got locked down in reservations. There must be something REAL special about that shit middle east that someone far wiser than I was able to visualize way back after world war II. Maybe its the highest concentration of stargates in the world. Just a guess. Cuz we got some of those in Arizona too.  




 oh...decent story either way 




 I dan't get it 




 Because then everyone would know about the Sons of God and the Nephilim and their rule during the Great Flood and their rule they still have to play prior to Christ's return. 


































 half life 3 confirmed 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHjIqQBsPjk 




 It's called 2001: Space Odyssey  
























 Was gonna post this to /r/bestof but that subreddit does not allow posts from here anymore. Strange... 














 
Link to Audio Story - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmCQ1-kzpZk

Winning the 2015 Hugo Award, This story first it intrigued me, then it amused me, then it gripped me then I laughed out loud. Once complete immersed into the world of the story, I next shared the creatures curiosity, their fear, and finally their awe. I relished every transition, every change in tempo, every interaction, the precision in each characterization. And in the end when I finally understood just what was happening and what it meant I experienced that rare joy that only the best science fiction stories seem to offer: that feeling of a gradually increasing cognitive dissonance due to my assumptions not quite matching up with where the story is going and then the aha moment when I finally understood that the scope of this subcreation is larger and more nuanced than I first anticipated. Its positively rapturous when all the parts that seem out of place just suddenly fall together. 



















 https://vimeo.com/123274659 




 You're missing the point, friend. You must first ask, did he do anything at all? Or were the Boston bombings a government orchestrated event created to continue to disarm the population and control through the instinctual sense of fear? Luciferian at its core. This boy, and his brother, were simply what they call "fall guys", whom the blame is placed, to divert the true narrative away from the masses. The news reports and we listen. What's to stop satan from polluting that aspect of our life equally so. May God give you discernment. 




 How do you actually know? Do you really know anything beyond the fantasy that exists within your television set? You know nothing more than the streets you walk and the people you speak with.  




 This man is innocent. Lucifer, through the agent of the mass media, has duped us once again. The only Kingdom that we should trust is a Heavenly one, and I feel its pretty clear that our "great country" no longer holds the interest of "we the people". False Flags are prevalent throughout history and there's always a need for a "fall guy". Notice how we never even heard an appeal from this man. He never once had a voice. Your prayers should be directed towards the mercy of this mans soul for he is dying for a lie. How sorrowful this world is. 




 Friend, you have no idea what has occurred outside the narrative that the media has published to you. Your prayers should be directed towards the individuals that have wrongfully accused this man and that God have mercy on an innocent man. I advise you the only government that should reign truth into your heart is the Lord and His kingdom. All governments and their contrived perspectives of "their people" are simply and undoubtedly under the hand of the Prince of all Lies, Lucifer.  







































 I think maybe I mean't to say MSAA, turn that off and just use FXAA 




 maybe turn off SMAA, not shore 




 I would also install OpenIV too if you haven't already. And make sure you make backups for all your files that you may alter ;) 






















































 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3gDcLCs-mM

Delves into the mind of the cleric of the healing church, Martin, and his transformation 





























 oh ok.  




 You are loved, friend. Never give up. We truly have no other option or hope other than Christ. Lean solely on Him and know that He will complete His good work in you. It is finished :) 




 Touched on often, but still a continuing question. I've always been curious about how other Christians feel once they've sinned again and knowing they may repeat that sin in the future? Will Jesus continue forgiving us? Or is there a cut off where someone was never saved in the first place? Is this question far too legalistic? Thank you for your responses ahead of time :) 





























 like when Michael Ironside didn't voice Sam Fisher and they let a 30 year old take over a 60 year old character. *sour taste* 
























 Link to audio reading: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmtynRB_278 index=23 list=PLvC0iydiKnCjWECWGAPRf-j7qgfqObjDZ

"I deliberately shot to death Laurence Connaught. So they mean to execute me. Especially because Laurence Connaught had saved my life."
 




 has any achieved a state of being where they no longer consider themselves or worry about achieving the goals of the self or fulfilling the perceptions of others? Has anyone freed themselves from the endless need to please others and just sat and allowed themselves to just BE. Has anyone stopped constantly judging themselves and just accepted their lot and stood content? Please pray that I will no longer be ME but be Christ and understand that I am you and you are me and rest in peace that is found in the unconditional love of the Son and father and spirit.  


































 What do you think happened to the skiers on that mysterious day? Avalanche, aliens, or governmental cover up have been only a few of the theories surrounding this infamous case.  









 You didn't answer the first four examples.  




 What about modern day exorcisms? All hoaxes and fabrications of the mind? Satanic cults? Actions bearing no unhealthy spiritual fruit? I really feel that your interpretation of the scripture is just grammatically incorrect. There is far too much evil within this world to blame solely on human imperfection.  




 Do you believe that the demonic forces are still hard at work today to deter people from coming to know the freedom found in Christ? 




 CAN'T CRITICIZE THIS!!! It has everybody's favorite TV show referenced and everybody's favorite propaganda all within one easily digestible .GIF!!!! Wow, thank you so much ADHD, you've done wonders for the hivemind 




 oh well... 




 What about Revelation? Satan is referenced there and that is commonly considered prophetical, as in the future.  









 It's so weird watching people getting and feeling threatened/angry about a competitive *GAME*, that they created. It's like me creating a trend where I hang pig intestines on the side of my house as a "sign of dominance" and now everyone must have the best pig intestines on the sides of their houses and Jane Jackson kills Betty Fooktaker because she said her intestines are of the amateur variety... 




 white people are so weird 




 Imagine doing those good actions of a christian, but putting your trust and faith into an all powerful, loving and gracious spiritual entity that has redeemed you from the power of evil (Sin) that will separate you from that paradise for all eternity. A good place to begin is to read the gospels written of Jesus and to talk to real life christians about why they became christians and how they found truth and spiritual freedom in that belief. YouTube is also awfully useful for good testimonies :) God bless friend! God has already blessed you enough to be curious :D 




 If only mining could just happen on asteroids and random planets rather than our own 




 The world looked alive and the foliage was nice. But overall, the graphics (which is what I think the video was trying to demo, in addition to VR) look relatively like shitballs   




 What happened to PA?????? 




 /ssssalamander? 





























 It's predecessors just didn't stray from the formula and the novelty was lost, especially after the 6th installment.   














 Comedy, much like any skill, requires practice. Boys, from a very young age, are encouraged to hone these skills. That's why a woman would dominate a man in interior design, fashion sense and any other activity that a woman is told is normal from the time they can walk. It's 95% societal. Girls get dressed in pink, boys in blue. While subject A is amazing at coordinating outfits and applying eyeliner, subject B is fantastic at making dick jokes. It's all learned behavior, and sure, it may be minutely biologically to some degree, but stand up comedians and runway models don't just WAKE UP on stage one morning.  









 can you make a few extra capsules that go around the arms, legs, body and head of the character to decrease clipping? 
























 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fdy38Ou1n-0

They would have the time of their lives. A long time...

     Good concept story and relaxing audio reading.
 




 Yeah, from what I gathered from his videos is that he hails from a small town in Central Pennsylvania and picked up a rather distinct local dialect. He's so funny to listen to too! 














 :D 



















 
Audiobook - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmPmdJO-zYs

Shirley Jackson's 1948 classic -
     Children gather stones as the adult townsfolk assemble for their annual event, which in the local tradition is practiced to ensure a good harvest 









 just x-posted this on /r/outrun ! 



















 yeah but the general prediction of what he was stating was accurate. And maybe, it was a mixture of actual and fake injuries.  




 a montage of 70s scifi elements that might cohesively mesh well together on a YouTube banner with the appropriate dimensions and ratios. Maybe with enough space within the center for the title of the page.
Possibly with horror elements as well!

Thanks! :)

  







































 Yeah, it's called propaganda. It runs rampant through the US mainstream media and very prevalent here within the hivemind of reddit. Especially against anything Opposing Israel... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GauZzyiwPh8 




 What are some ways you've seen it in the past?
 




 Maybe just let the dreams be a demonstration of who you are without Christ and be a pre-lesson to your desire to turn from Sin throughout your day. God bless you, friend.  




 8^O   "Rut-roh, Raggy" 









 What's everyone's actual stance towards marijuana use as a Christian? Just curious. 






















































 It's amazing when you watch a video, have no previous notion of the context to which the video is about (the show, the singers, the judges), and suddenly, after 30 seconds, I have developed a full fledged raging opinion that MUST BE HEARD! 




 Your perception of racism is racist 




 Bonus question: What would have to happen for said Planetoid to drift through space without directly physically affecting planet Earth or any other celestial body within the solar system? 




 Kike 




 For to me, to live is Christ, and to die is gain. But if I live on in the flesh, this will mean fruit from my labor; yet what I shall choose I cannot tell. For I am hard-pressed between the two, having a desire to depart and be with Christ, which is far better. - Phillipians 1:21-23

FEAR NOT, friend. 









 Stinks that you might get arrested for riding a bike in the UK. Police State. 









 thats on comedy central alot a lot allott 





























 Maybe they downgraded on the off chance that the consumer is so obsessed with perfection that they'll fork out another 60 bones for the PC version, if they weren't already.  
























 whats wrong with that bruno mars dipshit? 


































