 What do you think of the UX design on Reddit? 



















 "You're not perfect, sport, and let me save you the suspense: this girl you've met, she's not perfect either. But the question is whether or not you're perfect for each other." 




 Wouldn't this be so much more effective if the man/woman named themselves? 




 People now wearing belts 




 Send me a PM, I'm a book publicist and have worked with him before. Did you want any signed book, or a special inscription? 




 Is that bullshit, man, or is it reliable?
 




 I had a professor back in college who swore by this book. I couldn't hear the end of how amazing it was and how McEwan demonstrated his masterful writing skills here. I started reading it yesterday, and am currently about halfway. Holy hell was he right. Every chapter is amazing concise and demonstrates everything that makes writing transformative. voice, POV, narrative distance, blah blah blah. Anyway, read it.  




 It's so awesome that I wish I never read any of them so I could read them again for the first time.  




 Hyperion by Dan Simmons and it's not even close.  




 She came by way of Archer, Bridgeport, Nanuet, worked off 95 in jeans and a denim jacket, carrying a plastic bag and shower shoes, a phone number, waiting beneath an underpass, the potato chips long gone, lightheaded.  




 So many. 

David Mitchell
JK Rowling
Junot Diaz
Phillip Meyer
Ben Fountain
Lev Grossman
JOshua Ferriss
Jennifer Eagan
Michael Chabon

So many more. The issue is that this trait can reasonably be argued in most any book considered decent. Even short stories show character development. I don't really agree with the the fact that Cormac McCarthy doesn't develop his characters, he just does it differently.  




 Requiem for a Dream. Nightmare fuel.  




 How long did the technical aspects of the book take you to write? I know your background is in the sciences, but there seemed to be a lot of complicated formulas involved in this book. 

Also, did you intentionally write this book to read like a movie script?

Lastly, did you laugh when you realized that Matt Damon was going to play ANOTHER character trapped on a foreign planet? 




 I love to insult people through compliments.  




 How was it listening to the audio book? I read it and loved it, but it was so clearly written for a movie that I bet the audio book was even better.  









 I don't understand how this helps?  




 What a picture! 














