 If it wasn't for our ten fingers and ten toes, is there anything inherently easier about using base10. If we used base7, why is it any harder. 

To make this conversation easier, please include the base in square brackets of any number you are discussing e.g.
23[4] = 23 in base 4 = 11[10] = 11 in base 10.  




 Beekeepers. 




 Alternatively, if you are part of a union (which you really ought to be) talk to them about it. 




 Chairman of the board of governors 





























 PDP make great kits. My last kit was a PDP LX some years back. 



















 L'ess cargo 




 Not sure I follow...? 









 Link to original paper: http://jme.bmj.com/content/early/2015/01/27/medethics-2014-102404.abstract 














 Just discovered three synonyms for book burning:
- Libricide
- Tomecide
- Biblioclasm 




 Stuff I forgot to do in 2014 




 Click download now on the page to see the whole paper 




 As in where metal handles get hot because it's part of the same piece of metal the base of the pans are. 




 No one suspects an army of walking, talking teaspoons.  




 All metal frying pans and saucepans.  




 Being able to see me without a mirror.  




 People. 




 The person they're claiming is dead is actually behind them 




 Hope... 




 For years I thought bauble was spelt ball-ball 









 Although from the UK, I was formerly a union rep.

Start collating all the previous emails you have had over the year about how you are doing. Any emails where you've asked for observation or advice on improving. Essentially you need to have ready a case on why the school has failed you rather than you have failed the school.

As many people have said, do not talk to anyone face to face without a union rep, and ensure you take notes at any meetings (or ensure your rep does - don't rely on the administration to do so effectively). At the end of any face-to-face meeting write up what you felt was said and agreed at the meeting and email it to both the administration and union rep to sign off - so there can be no confusion later.

EVERYTHING is about paper trails. If it's not on paper it is meaningless. 














 Never buy the cheapest loo roll.  



















 Australia .... australia ...... that's the big island right?

;) 














 What stops you from quitting? 









 Except they haven't finished costing them. 

I believe the Lib Dem and Conservative manifestos are on their way. 









 Refresh BBC News 




 Old Mother ...... make of this as you will.  




 I guess username, but if that's too hard, use your actual name 









 Thanks for note on date - it appeared on their Twitter today and I mistakenly thought it was new 
























 The US dollar is overvalued, but not by the margins that the rouble, rupee and Hyrnia is undervalued. 









 Someone recently broke into the Red Bull facility and stole a load of trophies in the UK ...
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-beds-bucks-herts-30913638 
























 No 




 Squeeze the tea bag (PG tips), with milk, no sugar,

Orwell once wrote if you can drink tea without sugar for two weeks you'll never go back - worked for me. 




 Hypocrites 




 The English Language 




 What's your pin number and where have you left your credit card? 




 Bertrand Russell 




 Obviously a huge smiley face 




 Fall of the Berlin Wall 




 DOI: 10.15252/embj.201489966

The paper should be out of embargo, but link not working 














 The deathcount clearly isn't irrelevant - there is limited resources to preventing these events and it needs to ensure bigger disasters are averted. 














 I can see where this thread is going, and it's NSFW 




 Dress up in a disguise and pretend to go out looking for myself 




 I (respectfully) disagree with you conclusions. 

A moral imperative to reduce suffering in animals does not mean that animals must have rights. Just as a moral imperative to keep your city clean, or not to tread on the garden flowers doesn't suggest rights for the city or flowers. 

Rights are more than a duty of protection - they require reciprocal duties on both parties. My right not to be robbed is linked to my duty not to steal 




 Some photos here:
http://speakingofresearch.com/links/media-downloads/#2

Some videos here: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xK5zUACcrM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nT-aYd8C9MI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm5ETeX8eNM 









 I don't think the article justifies unnecessary suffering to other animals - while it argues different species have different capacities for suffering, it certainly thinks (at minimum) all mammals can suffer. 




 The post above is from when the picture went around a few months ago. Now it's @HorrorPlaces sharing it hundreds of times:
https://twitter.com/HorrorPlaces/status/552679935803158528 









 Interesting. I've asked Dr Marvizon about the seeming contradiction. Will report back if I hear anything. 




 This is meant to be a scientific forum. Dr Mavizon is discussing the capacity for different types of suffering. He needs to define it because IT'S SCIENCE. You don't argue "it doesn't matter which way the blood flows, as long as we all agree its moving". He is explaining the different ways in which humans and animals can suffer and the different capacities different species have for it. 




 "A measure of self-awareness and deep suffering exists in elephants and cetaceans, which also have a highly developed anterior insula and ACC with von Economo neurons." 














 Try starting a blog, or contributing to one. 




 Do you believe animal rights activists should be asked to comment on scientific breakthrough stories involving animals? 




 Escaping the burning sun. Onwards, downwards, digging through the mud. Can't think straight.  It's just a worm's life. 




 Too early 




 The The ..... you try alphabetising it. 







































