 Hey y'all, not sure if this is the right subreddit. I am looking for a charity/ nonprofit to volunteer with and donate to, but I'm having a helluva time wading through the sheer volume.. I thought maybe y'all could help?


I am an Army vet with combat experience,Does anyone know of a charity that I can volunteer with to teach/promote literacy amongst incarcerated folks? I mean like getting in the prison and teaching writing, poetry, speech, reading classes, or even just leading a book club..  




 Nice try ISIS 




 720p 




 Because I get shot at. 


Oh, wait nevermind, that shit is fun.



Because I have to deal with privates. 




 I pop my dog in a disciplinary way. If he disobeys, gets hardheaded etc I will spank him. Always openhanded, and always on his rear. He is now well trained and I rarely have to discipline him at all.  




 No, Saul did not have a healthy commitment to God's law, or he would have believed in the messiah. Saul had a self centered and prideful outward appearance of obedience, but an inward rejection of the truth of God's law (namely the deity of Christ and legitimacy of his claims). 


You cannot be truly committed to the Law of God without being regenerate.  




 Whitewash whitewash in my eye

Falling from a birdie in the sky

I'm a soldier so I don't cry

But I'm sure glad that cows can't fly. 




 Yes, and you have to have actually been in a conflict.


 









 Join man, we need young blood. The VFW is a little more exclusive than the Legion because you have to have a campaign ribbon to join the VFW, but they are both phenomenal organizations. 




 Wrong use of "capitol". It is spelled "capital" when referring to a city, "capitol" is the brick and mortar building in which the legislature meets. 




 It always is, just remember people care about you. If you ever need someone to talk to, reach out. I am here if nobody else is. 




 Love is rooted in obedience. In John 14:15, Christ gives the basic equation. If we love him we will keep his commandments. Love for God is based in a healthy fear of his awesome power, commitment to his Law, and an equal and opposite hatred for the things that violate his law. 

You won't always feel the mushy gushy love stuff. Love isn't the twitterpated hearty eyes our culture says it is.  




 That's all? Does it actually affect air flow? 




 I am 22, Afghanistan vet, and active VFW member. I love the VFW. They are one of the oldest VSOs around, and do tons for vets. Many young guys have an image of the VFW/Legion as a smoky, shitty bar full of drunk old farts. While some VFWs are like this, blanketing the whole organization as such is totally off base. Let me make some points.


1. Joining a VSO is about what you can give to the organization not what you get out of it. Many vets our age (and millenials in general) act pretty entitled. There has been an influx of new veterans organizations all about giving shit to vets, meanwhile these old vets and old VSOs are operating on a totally different premise. If you aren't looking for free shit or a pat on the back, but are looking to give back and continue your life of service, the VFW is a great place to be. The VFW offers many ways to get involved, showing up en masse to lonely vets funerals who die in nursing homes, getting involved with local organizations like habitat for humanity, getting involved with local politics to fight for vets, scholarship funds for vets kids, and even a home for orphans of war. 


2. Many guys discount these old VSOs because of the large number of Korea/Vietnam/old crusty vets. Doing so overlooks a huge resource. These guys have been there, done that, and seen most of the issues we are now facing. They make phenomenal (and willing) mentors. Sometimes the reason VFW bars are full of crusty old vets is because they have nowhere else to go where folks understand them. 

3. I have been very enriched by my experience with the VFW. The old guys in my post have given me solid (and sometimes blunt) advice, I have been able to continue civic service by volunteering with habitat for humanity and attending old vets funerals when they have nobody else. If your local post isn't perfect, none of us are so give them a break, join and make a difference. 


 




 I first learned about the Oath keepers because many of the porta-johns in Afghanistan have graffiti advertising their organization. On occasion I have seen their name pop up in Libertarian circles (Ron Paul rallys, Libertarian Republican caucus meetings, etc). Upon googling them, I understand their purpose and the gist of who they are, but I am curious if anyone can tell me more specific details. Are they a Libertarian organization? Are they Tea Party conspiros? What exactly do they do?  




 There are so many charities out there. Which nonprofit is the one closest to your heart, and why should others support it? 




 1. Scott Walker and Rand are two very different politicians. Walker is a traditional conservative. Paul is a Libertarian-Republican


2. The President does not have a ton of power. Presidents cannot totally change the nation on their own.


3. Paul would likely support marajuanna legalization, same sex marriage, a reduction in US military intervention, abolishment of the NSA spying program, and a reduction of Federal involvement in the markets  









 Thank you! Looks like a lot of great tips, I will check this out. 









 Hunting, camping, tinkering, grilling, whiskey and tobacco pipes 




 No, it does not 




 Yeah, I also cook in the kitchen. My ham biscuits are A+.  




 Cool, be yourself. You are entitled to your own opinions. If you want to disrespect folks who are different than you, I can't change you. 




 [This is likely a wonderful site for green blooded American men](http://www.irishamericannews.com) 




 Hey y'all, I am looking for new websites to browse. I am an avid reader of the *Art of Manliness* website, and was wondering if y'all knew of any similar sites. If you aren't into the whole traditional masculinity thing that's cool, but it is my lifestyle. Can anyone recommend some web destinations that I might enjoy? Topics I am looking for include; blue collar lifestyle, beer, grilling, tools, military, etc.  




 Former Marine Corps Commandant James "Mad Dog" Mattis.


Because he is a proven leader with balls, professionalism, and not giving a fuck. 




 [This cover](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=v-x88h7xAv8) of *I Wanna Be A Billionaire* by The Cleverlys, a comedy bluegrass act.



Or if you are looking for serious; [this cover of Seven Nation Army](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K3bEV7SaatQ) by an absolutely adorable foreign girl. 




 I am leaving for 91A reclassification school in November.


Will I clear my current duty station before AIT or will I come back and clear upon graduation?


Will I get BAH for my current duty station (Drum) or for my AIT (Benning)?


Will I keep my Corporal rank in AIT?
 




 Yeah, I don't know why more military folks don't want them. Portable, cheap, and sustainable 




 Sustainability  is not a fad, it is a necessity.  




 Made a bourbon and brown sugar marinated flank steak on the grill, a six pack of Miller High Life, and a full garage of loved ones. 




 Credit card debt, my TSP, a down payment on a new Toyota, and the rest is sitting in my tinyhome fund. 




 I have found they are very useful for getting close kills in COD. 




 Blunt talk; 


There is a middle ground. Women do not want a controlling jerk, but they don't want a pushover pussy either. Make decisions. If you are going to take her out somewhere, think ahead and choose something, make a tentative plan. Don't just make decisions to make decisions, but use what you know she likes, and other info to make an informed decision. At the same time, you need to listen to her opinions, take them to heart, and add those to your internal database for future decisions. She does not want to be shut out of the decision making process, she just wants you to take initiative and action. 




 Show his heart to someone. 


I am a tattooed, gun toting, red meat grilling, wrench turning American Veteran. The moments I feel most proud of as a man are the ones in which I opened my heart to another and allowed her to see me for who I am.


 




 No. I'm not a butthurt baby. If stuffed animals help her sleep, awesome. If she got one as a gift from an ex, good, at least he was not totally useless. 


No, I do not have a stuffed animal, but I do have a 105 lb bloodhound with flappy lips who sometimes sleeps in the bed, which is just about the same thing. 




 Volunteer. Get involved with your local habitat for humanity, food pantry, boy scouts or something. The types of people who volunteer have a real sense of community, and generally have other enriching qualities.


I am an active member of my VFW, and I have made so many great connections through volunteer work, it really works. 




 A pail of oysters, collard greens with a ham neck, cathead biscuits, and a big jug of sweet tea. 




 Jefferson thought that the American Revolution was a spark that would ignite liberty around the world. He advocated a worldwide awakening to "the spirit of `76". This belief coupled with his natural francophilia explain his ardent (sometimes radical) support for the French Revolution even after it turned chaotic. Other founders were not so enthusiastic. France went a different direction than the US, excluding moderate voices like Lafayette in favor of truly radical revolutionaries. 

All in all, I think the colonies proved that liberty could win, and that big empires could be defeated and in so doing acted as a touchstone for the French (who consequently used much of Jefferson's advice in their early Assembly of Notables) but ultimately each event had their own causes and sparking moments. 




 Buy some cigars, grill some good cuts of red meat, and buy a nice bottle of whiskey. Everything else will fall into place naturally.  




 I would not take any government welfare under any circumstance. I believe in earning my wages.  




 My date is November as well, we might be together. 




 Do you have any clue what AIT will be like as an MOS-T?  




 How often do Tank maintainers go to the field?  




 Speaking from an OPC perspective. 


We are staunch Calvinists and infant baptizers, we worship according to the Regulative Principle.


The Westminter Shorter Catechism is probably the best TLDR. 




 Sweet, I am a Cpl. hoping points drop so I can pick up my 5 before I go. 




 I will not be at Fort Lee, 91A AIT is at Benning. 




 Lamb. Absolutely delicious 









 Hey y'all, I just locked away a school seat to reclass to 91A (Abrams maintainer). Can anyone give me more info?? What would AIT be like for a MOS-T? What about garrison and deployment life? 




 Recording lunar cycles seems to have a long connection to gardening, they are still included in many farmer's almanacs and gardening books.


What effect does the moon/lunar cycles have on gardening? 




 I have not overwatered, they have been in good sunlight. I thought maybe nitrogen deficiency?


 I have  red sail and romaine varieties, all are looking droopy and flat. 




 The Bhagavad Gita, directed by the prophet Muhammad. 




 My bachelor party. First we went to a local tobacconist and had superb cigars and scotch. Then we headed to the party location (a cabin my buddy owns on the Gulf Coast) where we grilled Angus burgers and fresh caught crab.


T'was a wild night. 




 An old man who wears fine  cardigans and smells of pipe tobacco and wood. 




 Manure, horse or cow manure.  




 I used a bagged humus/manure fertilizer in conjuction with MiracleGro topsoil on my vegetable garden. The smell is potent/ and my garden is near a high traffic walkway. Will the smell go away? If so, how long? 




 Blue collar= traditional values, physical dexterity, simple living, kinda rowdy, set in his ways, strong work ethic, bluntness and honesty.


White collar= more progressive, vague skills oftentimes, more selfcentered, higher standard of living with regards to physical things..



I am totally blue collar, and always will be. Veteran, gearhead, beer drinker, and fairly conservative. 




 What qualities do you associate with blue collar men and white collar men?



Which do you associate with more? 




 Drink beers, eat chicken and ribs, listen to country music, and hang out with the othr regulars. 




 Is there anywhere I can find an easy one stop place for truck news, custom trucks, etc? 




 That is what I fell for. I am trying to reclass into the Combat Engineer field or something in the 13 series 




 What do you prefer about combat arms  over support? 




 Where do y'all go to get your NASCAR fix for articles, opinion,  and analysis? 




 I plan on throwing a couple racks of pork ribs on the grill next week for a get together. I do not know where to start.


I know I want to use a dry rub, because I am not a big fan of sauce. I have a basic weber charcoal grill.


Help me out? Recipes, tips? 




 Every unit I have been in had fine, positive medics, who visited us when we were knee deep in shit. They rucked with us, convoyed with us,dug fighting positions with us,and talked like us. Many of them also inentionally reached out to soldiers in a positive way.


I always felt most Chaplains were pretty removed from the line..



Maybe I am just drunk. 




 I would not ever get a piercing because I think they are lame. The circles I run in don't contain men with piercings.


That being said, I don't really give a fuck about what another man does with his body 




 Inside a clamshell that got hit with a White Phosphorus mortar in Afghanistan. 




 How were you treated? What did your recieving unit think of you? What was OSUT/AIT like?


What are the pros and cons? 




 Yes. 




 Because you should not take drugs from strangers. 




 You are not skipping specialist. On paper they will likely show that they promoted you to SPC then laterally to Cpl.



You will be treated like a bitch. NCOs won't aaknowledge you as an NCO untl they have a bitch ass detail that requires an NCO. SPC will tell you to fuck off if you try to pull rank on them. Cpl's get all the responsibility, none of the pay, and very little of the authority of a sgt. 


Sometimes being a cpl makes your PSG want to send you to the board. More often, they realize they dont need to hurry and send you to the board. 




 The government stole the moneu from its citizens through threat of coercive force, and then gave it to Tesla.



If I stole 100 dollars from you by threatening to throw you in a cage if you did not give it to me, then took that hundred dollars and loaned it to a poor inventor who later paid it back to me, is it moral? 




 No way, I am from Baldwin County Alabama, been to Enterprise several times.


Dothan's peanut festival is a lot of fun. 




 Because of George Washington Carver.


Seriously, the South was saved by the peanut, and it has become a very common part of our culture.  




 Yeah, same here. Had a briefing from our BC, stupid stuff. 




 girls; white tank tops and nice fitting jeans... 




 5 days a week.

Mon; Run between 4 and 6 miles

Tues, Core/muscle failure

Wed - Sprints/31 61's

Thurs- core/muscle failure

Fri- Alternate between another 4-6 mile run and a 6-8 mile ruck march 




 No, I carried it on deployment. I just had a phenomenal armorer who replaced everything in a timely manner and ensured services were done on time. 




 I would join whatever resistance movement springs up. I am a combat veteran (so the thought of combat does not scare me silly) with several capable weapons. I come from a small town in Alabama where everyone has loads of weapons and knows how to use them. 


Pretty sure my hometown is the last place you wanna attack. 




 Hmmm, mine have always worked like a charm. Maybe I have just been lucky. 




 Yeah, I never said there wasn't anything bigger. I love the 240b, but have not had the opportunity to carry ine. 




 I have heard a lot of different opinions. Personally I love her. She is heavy, but pulls her weight when it counts. Magazine fed just does not do it for me.



Lets hear your SAW stories, tell me about your time with the girl? 




 Licked a girl's butthole. 


Eat a girls ass and she will love you forever. 




 Hey y'all, I am consodering transitioning into trucking once I get out of the Army. I have my CDL, and 8 years of experience in the Army logistics world. Would that be enough?


What do I need to know? Is trucking profitable these days, can I make a decent living at it? I pretty much have an open map, I can move anywhere. 


Any advice? 




 You would be surprised. They like to attack at meal times.  




 Get ammo. 




 Because politicians tell us to. If folks want us home they should elect someone whose foreign policy isn't hawkish. 


 




 The worst is the kids wearing hollister jeans ans tony lamas thinking they are country... Don't know the difference between a steer and their own nutsack. 




 Fake country folks are popping up everywhere... Boots, flannel, big belt buckles. It is starting to be "cool" to be a redneck again..


As an actual trailer trash country boy it annoys the shit outta me. Be who you are and dont try to fit into some scene. 




 No. We acknowledge out marriage anniversary
 














 Your so called "blood moons" are a totally natural occurrence. [Here is a helpful infographic](http://www.space.com/images/i/000/038/377/i02/lunar-eclipse-tetrad-140408b-02.jpg?1397077348).



There is no apocalypse, religious or otherwise. I am surprised how many so called "apocalypses" I have lived through in my short life (except I am not).


Chill. Politicians are retarded. That has been a constant throughout history. So are blood moons. 




 Yeah, its pretty bad 




 Crawfish Etouffee 




 45 days. I was in the field in the Army.  




 Because that has worked well in the past? Tyranny does not beget liberty. 




 Nevermore 




 Reminding myself nobody owes me shit. The government does not owe me shit, the world does not owe me shit, and nobody else owes me shit. I have to earn it all myself. 




 Patch on the left is the [US Army North/5th Army patch](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Army_North). The patch on the right is the patch of the [US Army Ninth Corps](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/IX_Corps_%28United_States%29)

The rank is 1st Lieutenant. 



I cannot see clearly his branch insignia, is it two crossed cannons? That would be Artillery. Or crossed rifles? That would be infantry.


I cannot see his medals clearly enough to make them out.


 




 General James Mattis

Theodore Roosevelt

Ernest Hemingway

General Hal Moore

Norman Keith Collins (aka Sailor Jerry) 




 Smallpox shot. 




 And moonshine/homemade wine where I am from. 




 I have the same experience! Trailer park block parties are the best!  




 I am from a trailer park in South Alabama. I love the close knit community of my trailer park. I love how nobody puts on airs, everyone is truly free to be themselves. Attractive folks (trailer park girls are **sexy**) to unattractive folks, everyone gets along just fine. We have mechanics, retirees, a hooker, and a charter fishermen (among other trades). We are diverse ethnically, we listen to different types of music, we have different religions but we all get along. In my trailer park everyone is poor, but not ashamed of our poverty. So we don't make much, we get by through brow sweat and elbow grease. 



I think my trailer park is the paradise many folks are looking for, but they are too busy looking down their nose at us to see it. 




 What aspects of your trailer park do you love/hate? What stereotypes are false about trailer parks? Which are true? 




 Vets should be respectful and compassionate members of their community, not be the stereotypical hurt feelings, bent out of shape at the smallest provocation alpha male.


There is a big difference between the way older vets went back to their communities, and the way some of our generation's vets do. 




 I agree with calling them out, so does the article, but we have to call them out in a way that doesn't hinder civilian-veteran relationships. Let the civilians understand *why* this is wrong, don't just get belligerent and profane. 




 I agree with calling them out, so does the article, but we have to call them out in a way that doesn't hinder civilian-veteran relationships. Let the civilians understand *why* this is wrong, don't just get belligerent and profane. 




 Looks phenomenal!! I am jealous, currently on a field training exercise eating Army food. 




 Odd, looks like OP is pretending to be a bot his recent answers are random and bot like, but his early answers and questions are somewhat coherent. 


I'll chalk it up as a troll fail. 




 I think it is totally appropriate to call out posers, watching friends die in the uniform they are disrespecting is a lifechanging experience. The point wasn't that we should not call them out, but that we should do it respectully, taking the high road. 









 That is a violation of reddiquite. Vote brigading 




 Yup, from South Alabama. 




 Reading, hunting, fishing, mudding, bonfires, etc. 




 No. No business should be forced to provide services to anyone. Each business's product/service belongs to them and is their property, they should be free to exchange their goods/services with anyone they wish, and to refuse to exchange their goods/services with whomever they wish. 




 It is not that hard. Also I would probably use my handgun. 




 Please add me 




 Michelle Rodriguez because she is the sexiest greasemonkey I have ever seen. 




 *through 




 Tampon on a female's wedding day while walking down the aisle. 




 That sounds like just what I am looking for! Tactical advice from basic training washout!

Thanks! 




 I shave every morning at 430. But as a military man I don't have a choice. 




 10/10 would respond the same way, except he would be deader than dead. 




 Can anyone recommend high quality/interesting military podcasts dealing with professional/noncom development, news, or other military topics? 




 Portal Gun, obviously 




 Yeah, I have known too many privates end up with a stripper or a hooters girl they have known for three days (no offense towards those fine professions) 




 I am a soldier. I am regularly away from home for weeks, months, even a year at a time and I cant spend my whole time away thinking about my wife. We love each other, but we also understand that when I am on the job I am on the job.



The first date flutters go away, it gets deeper, more meaningful. The test of deep and true love is the ability to focus on other things, not having to constantly obsess over your SO without losing power. 



If your relationship is harming your worklife, it is unhealthy.  




 Please explain the button at /r/thebutton 




 Stars and Stripes is reporting the same thing [here](http://www.stripes.com/news/us/army-set-to-ease-tattoo-rules-1.337959). I consider them a little more reliable.



That being said, don't get any tats before you see it in Army doctrine. 




 Stranger danger; if they give you the gold they want one of your holes. 




