




 What exactly is a 200$ ebook? 




 Let them listen to my Shower-Singing 




 Im guessing a deranged Austrian Doctor with a dark sense of humour 




 Check the bullet count 




 For everyone asking,look at the bullet count 









 You're missin out 




 Even the dog looks like it doesn't want to be there 




 Skippin the campaign is like fast forwarding the story section of porn.You'll still get all the action but you'll lose some concept to certain things 









 Love ya 




 BO1 stands for Best Out of 1,meaning only one map is played.Some teams preffer playing BO1s(mouz) and perform much better at them,while some teams preffer BO3s/BO5s. 




 Theyre taking the hobbits to Isengard 




 I never judge games based on their reviews,and I took the same road with Nether and it ended up being a fun game to play with friends.So I'll stick to my previous opinion. 




 Having played nether and found it worth the 10 i spent on it earlier,Im going to say i have no idea what youre talking about here 




 ah ok,thanks anyway 




 Whats your price on Batman Arkham Origins? 




 Dead space if its not gone would be amazing,thanks in advance! 




 Is the offer still up? I'll do it if so 









 Let it all out OP.What went wrong? 









 offer away! 




 ahem http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=992486541 




 Fantom 









 Ill check the offers in the morning,cheers 









 Would you mind me using your music in a youtube video? Im promoting another indie game,i will of course credit you at the end 




 Looking generally for Steam keys from other bundles,I dont use desura so I have no use for the key,I also have a whole bunch of other desura keys from Groupees 11 bundle,so if anyone is really interested hit me up and ill find them! 




 I woke up to a TV burning in my room. 




 Sand Kings line,Ill show you fear in a handful of sand is a reference to TS Eliots waste lands,where a character says Ill show you fear in a handful of dust! 




 oh thanks,ill keep it in mind 




