 Thanks for sharing and I can imagine that! Especially when you have overcome all the difficulties on your way with your friends and see the most beautiful scenery on the top of the mountain!  




 So you are a mother-to-be? Or father-to-be? He must be a very cute little baby. Yeah,  a newly born baby will absolutely bring happiness to a family.  




 You may have one moment that you feel really happy and satisfied. Come and tell us.  




 Eating with your nose ;) 




 How are you? 
I'm fine. 
But sometimes you are not fine and not happy. It's OK to keep it a secret and don't let others know your bad mood but you should try to get yourself out of it.  




 I think this cake will be good to your brother but I don't think I would eat it. It''s a little bit horrible. How did you get the idea of the design of this cake?  




 Angel in City of Angels. When Cage made up his mind to give up being an angel and fall down to embrace the land and his lover.  




 I haven't got such a problem. I think when you are trying to recommend a movie to someone you first should make sure that he /she has the same interests as you so that they will enjoy the movie you ask them to watch. Otherwise, you may find them don't care much as you.  




 Definitely!!They end up movies with this kind of scenes, saying that it is the way that they leave a space for us to imagine what will happen next and it makes many scenes followed possible. They think it as good while I think it is very disturbing and annoying.  




 Final Destination. 
When somebody is going to die and when they actually are dead. I can't watch it alone! 




 A great person died. It's a pity for all of us.  




 The characters in the animated movie are designed but not real. Most of them can be divided into two groups, one is the optimistic and kind people while the other is the pessimistic and evil people. we can find people to act as evil one easily but to find out who is qualified to play the optimistic and kind one will be a big problem.  




 Word of mouth effect, which make this movie become more popular.  









 Just keep going and I believe you can!:) 




