 well of course if youve seen the movie, you remember other stuff, but the majority of people remember the dancing scene the most, dont get me wrong its an excellent movie, but like i said its a one scene wonder 




 99%- the underwear dancing scene

1%- everything else

risky business is a one scene wonder 




 the one that looks like a WWII bomber 




 but heres the thing though, i care more for the eventually to be 9 saga movies, than the anthology films. when i think the saga movies i think bacardi rum, when i think the anthology films i think cheap champagne. im not saying the anthology films will be BAD, its just that i dont feel theyll be neccessary for like a viewing party or something. 




 i thought they said there would be like 4 or 5 




 i mean i probably WILL see them, and buy the blu rays, but if i have a marathon of star wars ill probably just watch the saga films, and leave the spinoff films out. 




 and the saga will be a trilogy of trilogies, on a side note star wars is all about trilogies. 




 You don't wanna be a type A fan like me? We could've been friends, if you're a type A fan you have 6 count em 6! (And more) movies to watch! :D a marathon can last a week a WEEK I say! But that's just the upside, and im a glass half full person. 




 You don't wanna be a type A fan like me? We could've been friends, if you're a type A fan you have 6 count em 6! (And more) movies to watch! :D a marathon can last a week a WEEK I say! But that's just the upside, and im a glass half full person. 




 oh the feels, THE FEELS! 




 what makes you say that? i ask because liam neeson as that character is like burned into my brain so im curious. 




 "This is why i hate flying" - obi wan episode 2 




 i hope some actor out there looks like a young christopher lee (i think thats who played dooku) 




 a vader movie set between III and IV you say? that would be cool, they could probably show vader looking at photos. but i dont know im a little overwhelmed with how much spinoff films theyre making, but we'll see 




 My reaction was "alright now I don't have to watch just 6 Star Wars movies!!" But then it hit me, the sequel trilogy will divide the Star Wars fan base in the same way the prequel trilogy did. And if and when it does, I'll be ready 




 the as yet to be named human badguys are defeated and are somehow put on a meteorite, while the heroes are celebrating, the meteorite lands on earth killing the dinosaurs and the badguys decide they should populate the planet 




 well, i USED to figure, since the series takes place in a galaxy far far away like the intro says, i thought they were humanoid aliens, as opposed to humans like you and me, so NOW my question is, since they are human, what did they evolve from?, since there's no primates in that part of the galaxy and earth is too far away. 









 i see 




 a zabrak you say? ive never heard of that race until you brought it up (i only follow the movies, because i think following the movies is easier, what can i say, im a simple guy), i just thought darth maul was a crazy looking freak of nature. when theyre being born do they damage the birth canal with the horns? yeah im such a noob i know 




 Maul was never a Jedi...

ok bad example, if he were like an accountant (theres currency in star wars, right?) before he was a sith, id be surprised 




 with the horns and face pattern, because man if he used to be a jedi knight himself id be surprised, but then again jedi knights are (more or less) good judges of character. i mean when sidious approached him was he like, "join the dark side, and give you horn implants and a face tattoo." i dont know, i ask only because a character like darth maul just looks like he can only be a sith lord, and nothing else 




 whats the copyright date on it? 




 i mean in episode 1 they mention the entire planet is one big city, and then i wondered what they do for oxygen and water, then someone else mentioned that they import oxygen and water, and NOW im wondering about the pollution, like how do they manage it? 




 dont base your room for error around how often you think people will look in certain spot, because there will be times where people will find them and thats all theyll notice whenever they walk into a room. MY advice for room for error should be based on how too big a piece of material is, its better to have too big a piece than too little a piece because you can trim a too big piece, whereas a too little piece is wasting money and material 




 i think it could go either way 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

https://youtu.be/qMVJnWd4idE 




 well i wouldnt say DEFENSIVE about any one mcu movie necessarily, but there was this on youtube troll whod make fun of people who enjoyed iron man 3, which was mildly displeasing, they got banned. but i digress, i thought age of ultron was GOOD, its just the plot was a little weaker than the first avengers movie. if the first avengers is casino royale, and age of ultron was quantum of solace, i hope infinity war part 1 is skyfall 




 when we see some i cant say, but actual size ant man figures will be a major choking hazard 




 is he william h macy's character from 'mystery men'? 




 (note: some halloween costume ideas in this post may have been in my past submissions)

homestar runner- eric roberts as the master

coach z - powerline (from 'a goofy movie')

the cheat - the midget from men without hats safety dance video

strong bad - max headroom

marzipan - jack in the box homer simpson

pom pom - jiminy glick

strong sad - garth algar

bubs - buzz lightyear

strong mad - donkey kong

the poopsmith - derek zoolander

the KOT - don king

homsar - 'yip yip yip' alien from sesame street

 




 I'm saying that I can't watch the first 6 until episode 7 is nearly in theaters, because if I watch them now, an wait until episode 7 I won't have the story fresh in my mind because of the huge time I've been waiting 




 ive been so ready to watch the first 6 star wars movies so bad i probably need to go to rehab, star wars is like crack to me. However, episode 7 doesnt come out until december, and seeing as how i like to have a story fresh in my mind i wouldnt be able to watch the first 6 movies out of morality, and that is a situation what i affectionately refer to as 'fucking bullshit', any questions? 




 Woah scary :0 




 He's played by John cusack, he's a puppeteer, but my first look at him gave me the impression that his passion was writing accordion based song parodies, amirite? 









 like on imdb there are like these 2 users who like insulted this fanbase that im part of (which i wont say). one said "intelligent moviegoers didnt see that movie" and "theyre (franchise) fans of course theyll eat it up theyre like sheep" and the other was like "oh man if they do a (franchise) then im done with this series" and it really hurt me so, and now im bashing my head against a wall over having read such nasty things 




 nimoy approved quinto, END OF DISCUSSION, but then again youre a reboot hater, and they never want to listen to reason. 




 are you saying jj abrams works for al qaeda? 




 i like how theyre doing this as a continuation, kinda like that shaft movie from 2000 




 star wars episode IV a new hope 




 i give it a 7.9 out of 10, i wanted to give it a higher score, but the plot seemed like it caught the quantum of solace virus 









 steve martin- that looney toons movie, leap of faith, the prince of egypt 




 I don't doubt Abrams 1 percent, its just that I'm emotionally prepared for the same bullshit that I've been hearing for 16 years and I'm sick of it! There's gonna be a third trilogy and the fanbase will be divided even further! 




 and i was like "how come (jerrys girlfriend) is making such a huge stink over that?" and my parents are like, "because she thought he picked his nose, but he didnt" and then i asked "yeah but even if he DID pick his nose, why would she freak out over it anyway?" and then theyre like "BECAUSE PICKING NOSES IS GROSS!! THATS WHY!" and then i shrugged "fair enough" 




 me myself and irene 




 youre missing my point, when was the last time YOU did someone a kindness? 




 he did them a kindness 




