


































 How much money match stuff actually goes on at tournaments? 




 I'm fat too let's do it!  





























 ITS BECAUSE SHE WAS BLACK  




 MAKE ME  




 /r/postnationalist supports immigration and welcomes the economic benefits  




 Uber gives tons of people part time work, it's great  









 spider PLZZZ dont come back.. or drop a weight class or something cuz .. injuries are 4lyfe 














 probably kinda true lol everywhere they go its the japanese clique  




 /r/ConspiracyMemes - memes relating to all things conspiracy. Things are very laid back around here and all people are welcome.
WARNING: The moderators believe in free speech and DO NOT moderate comments unless it is absolutely necessary. 




 duh 




 crazy 0_o

 




 yea theyd rather have the states~ 




 no way im letting my kids get concussions.. 









 my libido has gone down since using it also 




 you guys are lying lying lying


ive been on fin and i get nut aches, dick pain, etc.. dont tell me you never felt any of it? 


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 yea its simply amazing that infiltrations pocket juri is able to compete on evo top8 level..,. his head is full of crazy gameplans thats for sure 
























 Thanks  




 to be fair KBR is basically a bum~ 





























 isnt scumis a sandarab 








































































































































































































































































