




 The data is from OECD StatExtract.

In Excel, I plotted the low performers in science by gender in the USA, UK, Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 

































































































































 The data is from OECD Stat Extract.

In Excel, I plotted the low performing boys and girls in reading for the USA, UK, Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand 


































 Data is from In It Together - Why Less Inequality Benefits All OECD (2015).

In Excel, I plotted the working poor  those in working households with incomes less than 50% of median disposable income  in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 
















































































































































 The data is from the World Bank doing business database.

In Excel, I plotted the ranking and sub rankings for registering property in the USA, UK, Germany and France to see how common law and civil law countries compared. 






















































 try Key Figures  Wave VI at source 









 The data is from LIS Cross-National Data Center in Luxembourg; individuals with positive earnings only.

In Excel, I plotted the ratio of female to male earnings by partnership and motherboard for the USA, UK and Canada 















































































































































































































































 The data is from the World Bank doing business database.

In Excel, I plotted the ranking and sub rankings for starting a business in the USA, Rance, Germany and the UK. 












































































































































































































 The data is from LIS Cross-National Data Center in Luxembourg.

In Excel, I plotted the poverty rates by age of the youngest child in Canada, Australia, UK and US. 




























































































































 The data is from the World Bank Doing Business database.

In Excel, I plotted the overall and sub rankings for doing business in the USA and Canada 
























 Data source is the World Bank Doing Business database.

In Excel, I plotted the overall and 7 sub rankings for Doing Business in France, Germany and the UK 




