 Voltaire 




 Atheist here. 

No. No I do not. (Assuming you're talking about extraterrestrial spacecraft)

Next question?

Kinda funny that the second part of your question was loaded by the belief that atheists tend to believe in UFO's. Don't believe everything Ray Comfort tells you.

Edit: Clarification. 




 Plumb to prune 




 The little flex at the end was the best. 




 You're literally too stupid to argue with. 

I hope for your sake you're either trolling or very young and will one day grow out of it. 




 Google Fiber. 




 It's a word that's been hijacked by so many entirely different people with entirely different ideologies ranging from progressive to absolutely mad, and all of them will say "If you don't believe exactly as I do you're not a real feminist."

So, basically, it has no meaning anymore. 




 Because many videos are not available on mobile devices. 




 Beer pong for general drinking games. 

Circle of death for cards. 




 It's sort of in place of where in real life I might say something along the lines of "Right on!" or "Couldn't have said it better myself!" or some other such means of conveying vigorous agreement. Guess it feels more appropriate than commenting one of those things but an upvote doesn't quite cut it. 

Either that or it's (to me) original and genuinely made me laugh, or feel other strong emotions that don't enrage or disturb me.

Edit for grammar and punctuation. 




 There are reserve bases and training bases all over the fuckin place. It's extremely likely they're on their way to or from said base. 




 A used condom after a party that clearly had poop/blood on it as well as semen in it. 




 That's.... weird man. Cats are terrifying when they puke. 




 Nah she'd think it's cute. 




 Nicotine. 

I've tried quitting cold turkey.

I've tried switching to chew figuring at least I'd be eliminating second hand smoke. 

I've tried the patch. 

I've tried gum. 

I've tried vaping. 

I've tried 3 different prescription medications to aid with quitting smoking. 

The worst part is that my life only gets more stressful which only worsens my smoking habit. 

One day I will successfully quit.

Edit: I've also tried to pinpoint stressors in my life to avoid to help control cravings during attempts, and finding healthy things to get "addicted" to that I can do during nasty cravings. 

Also, yes reddit, I know, I should never have started smoking in the first place. Thank you, hindsight is 20/20, unfortunately it's also 100% useless. 

No, I don't recall precisely why I started smoking. Boredom and wanting to feel more grown up I suppose. 




 I'm pretty sure the majority (well over 50%) of the world still believes in some sort of higher power(s) and or supernatural reasons for the way things are etc. 




 That could work. I'm picturing low-cut short shorts (they probably have a name but it eludes me) and a well fitting white T-shirt or tank top. 




 Live with my girlfriend. 

Moving in on the 1st! Hope everything is super dandy. 




 Clothed but in a sexy pose, cause then my imagination goes wild. 




