 Bingo!  Crabs, too.

Who could have possibly figured out that steaming/boiling such an unholy looking critter would result in such deliciousness?  How did I'd a guess a Stone Age human figure that out? 




 I'm sure it's a fine film but don't you think you are Micheal Bay lite? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWBUl7oT9sA 









 (I have altered the deal....)[http://ebb.org/bkuhn/talks/LinuxCon-North-America-2014/vader-altered-the-deal.jpg]

*edit crap I can't get this pic to display.  It's Darth Vader. 




 Oddly enough, the title of that song is [We Won't Get Fooled Again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rp6-wG5LLqE)
 




 Well at least he was on the proper ballot.

The next time I see a Twins fan, I will cross the street to avoid them.

Thank you for the explanation!  I feel less angry now. 




 I live in DC and have always wondered why somebody didn't put a timelapse camera on our snow farms.  We'd melt off much earlier than this and it'd be fun to see say the last remnants of Snowmageddon die! 




 Oh it was fan voted?  

I think the Senators sucked in DC longer than the Twins have sucked in Minnesota though.  

But 1924 seems like it's been erased from history.  

Was Johnson on the Minnesota ballot or the Washington ballot? 




 This truly pisses me off.  The Nats get only Expos players yet the Twins don't list the Senators' Walter Johnson?!

At what point does the MLB decide what records go where? 




 Nah.  A puppy conks out wherever it is when it runs out of gas.  He wanted to play. 

As young as the doggie is, you could see him beginning to understand the cat batting at him.  

They'll be fine.   




 The next time we fly past it all will be well.  Pluto now knows we truly love it.  It just needed a sign. 




 Well the heart looks to be broken....

Sorry. 




 That's an unusual place to find a lost dog.  I hope it's not a tourist's dog who got loose.

Please update once he/she's been scanned.   




 Toyota cars of that era simply refused to die. 




 Well have you ever tried to hail a cab in Paris?  Even in the worst pre-Uber/Lyft days, DC had a better cab network.  

Bus/taxi-only lanes wouldn't work here.   




 I've never heard of this movie, but am so glad I did now -- thanks!

She went from Nixon in '68 to Nixon in '73. 




 I bet if he left it that way for the winter, come spring, it'd sprout. 




 Ah the simple pleasures of a porch and a nice rocking chair on a hot day. 




 This is the look of a bulldog in final abject defeat.

I did not know this was possible.

He will however have his revenge.  Bank on it.  He's plotting it as the pic was being taken. 




 What this video doesn't convey is how noisy the NYC subway is.  Her voice couldn't carry over the racket.  The man in the blue shirt was likely the only one who could hear her.

Plus, it sounded like all she did was a snippet of gospel.   




 I'm amazed the co-host chimed in with the Bo Derek point that spontaneously.  I saw that movie as a teen and still have fond memories of this look:

https://bloggojane.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/bo-derek-nude-bathing-suit-10-1979.jpg

I thought the modern world had forgotten about 10.  It's a great film! 




 That's precisely what's going on.  He's a vanity candidate.  Pat Buchanan did this in the 90's.   




 That was pretty cool! 




 That's a fair point.  It's not like the racists pop up anywhere else.  In fact, I didn't know they existed until I read about them elsewhere.

Still in the immortal words of Jake Blues: "Nazis.  I hate those guys." 




 The bullying kid was named Aspen or something right?  Is that a boy's name? 




 They really do have a lot of affairs and are more elastic about it. 




 Aw dammit.  Who do we blame for this? 




 Really good summary of the recent important articles too.  I'd never heard the Biker Bar argument before.  I like it. 




 Alright McCutcheon!!! 




 Gotta feed the teenagers summer blockbuster machine somehow. 




 Holy crap somebody really wants us to see Ant Man. So many commercials for it that I feel like I've already seen it.
 




 Oh I missed the ad -- was the reprehensible Briefcase show?

No argument.   




 Truth be told I don't hear him call a lot of baseball, but all kinds of football.  I simply remember that he doesn't annoy me in baseball.   




 They really do scrape the barrel.  I love their old spoof RTV shows though.  Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire and so forth. 




 I don't think he's that bad of a baseball guy.  I mute him on NFL games though.   




 Nuts.  Anticlimatic.  Beer run now. 




 I went to school with a Norfolk native.  He pronounced it Nawfuck.   




 It's happening tomorrow?  Why are we hearing about this just now? 




 Well it does look exactly like that photo above.

But thanks.  I have no intention of selling them.  They're sort of a fond memory of late, beloved cousin.   




 Dickbutting and saying something mean about Ellen Pao. 




 I've heard that on Navy ships, the captain orders all rings off while the ship's at sea.   




 It is a huge law school, true.  I've always thought that getting in is the toughest part.  I've known plenty of HLS lawyers and they are across the board all very good, but have heard lots of anecdotes that after first year, they coast.   




 That's my question, too -- don't negotiate salary until you have the offer.  Who knows, the offer could be perfectly good.   




 Unlike any of my friends' fathers, he always worked out.  If not tennis, running, and doing that well before the running craze broke out in the early 80's.  

A knee replacement has knocked him back a bit now, but he's still got it.   




 /r/BestOfLiveleak  




 I was 18 in '78 and can shed light on '75 and '85.

Both of the guys are dressed for a night in a disco or for '85 at a New Wave concert -- Thompson Twins or something.  Nobody wore that stuff on the streets.

'75 girl -- I think I might've seen that a few times, but it wasn't popular.  '85 girl however is in a high school prom dress.  




 DAE watch The Leftovers on HBO?

http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/styles/v2_article_large/public/2014/06/30/leftovers.jpg

Should I suddenly see 1000 people in white, I'd freak. 




 My computer's messed up so no pix of it, but I found what appears to be it via Google:

http://images.europeanwatch.com/images/21/21542.jpg

The numerals on mine seem to be slightly smaller and crisper but that might be the perspective of the photo.  On the back there are two symbols under the IX and a teensy 18K at the bottom -- almost unreadable.  It's in really good shape -- no major scuffs on the lens.

I have very little reason to believe it's a fake.  My cousin had way too much money and the executor of the estate had everything of value appraised.  

The Rolex meanwhile is a Submariner with black dial, steel casing, and no date bubble.  I'm 100% certain it's real.  It came with the box, certificate, receipt, and the little anchor keychain.  

Thanks!

Edit: I then remembered to check visit this page and there are more photos and a valuation.  Is that accurate?  

http://www.europeanwatch.com/21542.html#

All of the other photos stack up except that Patek Philippe is not embossed on the inside of the watchband.  The clasp is identical though.  
 




 Will do!  Thanks -- I'm always on the lookout for a new show. 




 No you now have the bestest bartender available. 




 Seriously -- is this something that's been made or a funny trailer for soemthing not to be made? 




 It's pre-Iowa.  The GOP is the opposition party so anybody who thinks he/she has a credible shot has to do it now or wait 8 years.  

Any one of them could be the Jimmy Carter coming out of nowhere.

Except for Donald Trump.  He's a vanity candidate.   




 The Omen.

Damien was a lot easier to take when I could get out of the car and go play with the other kids on the playground. 




 Really?  I grew up in SW Virginia and saw a funnel cloud once.  It landed and I think knocked over some lawn chairs, but it was confirmed to be a tornado.  Tornadoes in mountains don't do so well. 




 I don't think it had so much to do with Snowden, but with her cooperation with the Taliban.

I don't like this woman one little bit. 




 I've never tried acid in my life and it's freaked me out while completely sober.   




 Me, too.  I guess Curiosity and the seven minutes of terror has made me an immediate gratification type. 




 Really?  Oddly enough, it's my favorite.

The Rolex feels like I'm wearing a brick on my wrist.  I never understood the appeal of the big diving watches.  It's still fun to wear with a polo shirt though.   




 73?!  I'm 53 and frequently fell like I'm the oldest guy on reddit.

Nicely done, good sir.  My father's 83 btw and has the same build as Harrison Ford to this day.   




 I hope the other side of the bar is at ground level for ease in getting the empties and crates back into the system. 




 I inherited a couple of really nice watches.  A Rolex, a Patek Phillipe, a Movado.  Dunno how much they're worth, but one of them is probably it.   




 It sounds like she'll be using an American accent.

I don't know that my brain could handle seeing Lady Mary speaking 'murican.   




 That harpy on the left is showing way too much wrist.  Slut. 




 Yup, his career didn't last long.  I read he'd get written up for being "lazy" and spending too much time with his guitar.  I think he twisted his ankle on a jump and the Army decided it was best to let him go.  I'm pretty sure it was an honorable discharge.   




 I love how the orange cat is all "oh not this shit again." 




 53 here.  I don't think the millennials could comprehend the crap us teen boys in the 70's had to put up with cults trying to recruit us.  I was fortunate in that I have naturally high cynicism but I figured that they were fishing for the one in 100 that didn't.   




 Thank you SO MUCH!  I was this game and forgot to record it! 









 I remember in April 2007 it rained for a week straight.  I don't think we saw the sun once.   




 I saw that ep.  Kevin Costner was the pilot, right? 




 I've always thought those rooms are for visiting heads of state.

I live near the Four Seasons and it's frequently got so much security outside it looks like an embassy.  I think they actually block off 29th Street from M down to K so they can park their black SUV's.   




 I was adding traffic and clearing customs and a safety buffer.  3.5 is a little too long, though. 




 Did you all think she -- Meryl Streep -- was aware of this and adjusted her accent accordingly?  At that point she was known as the queen of accent roles. 




 Poor thing.  Taking a nap and bam!

Orcas aren't whales though, right?   




 My God what a crappy movie that turned out to be.  That kind of talent on the screen and they screwed the pooch? 




 I just don't see anybody stepping into Yul Brynner's shoes. 




 Over the air and FCC-compliant, I think The Good Wife is awesome.   









 Gotcha.  Thanks! 

I read you all got snow outside of Sydney today.  Oh how I envy you. 




 So it was basically like a thick US Southern accent?  Deliverance-class thick? 




  a Lindy Chamberlain accent

I'm intrigued by this.  What's the difference?  
 




 WHAT a great story!

If there is ever a top 100 selfies list, this deserves to be in the mix. 




 Not following you.  Clarify?  What was on the cassette? 




 Is it just me or does this look like an aluminum GI Joe in a faceplant?  

Crappy way to memorialize the fallen.  I guess this is why Scott did it without NASA knowing about it. 




 I've dined with plenty of Catholics and have never heard a prayer in a public space, especially with a stranger.  It just doesn't happen.

Now if you're having dinner at their home, that's fine.

I'm calling BS. 




 Those of us in the DC area got completely clobbered by one a few years ago.  I'd never heard the word before that, myself.

I've been through a couple of Cat 1's and dying tropical storms, but have never heard the tree canopy around my house make that much angry noise.  Seriously -- it was caveman-level scarey.

Here's a video taken inside the Jefferson Memorial.  It doesn't fully capture how bad it was:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxMIfVS9d4k 




 My pleasure.  I once flew KL to Newark via Stockholm, and then a regional flight to National.  I will never do that again.  

Stay hydrated!   




 And this is why I haven't touched tequila since college. 




 Following that link led me to this:

http://www.plasma2002.com/blenderdefender/

which is possibly the funniest thing in the history of the internets. 




 Oh it had to be for himself to lounge with the kitties.  My cat only pays attention to TV during Formula 1 races.   




 On #4: this is in New England?  It sounds like they really needed some company.  

How urban was it?  I went to college in Vermont and the rural to the streetlights could change within a hundred yards. 




 Well that explains that... 




 Oh Jesus, your jet lag is going to be epic.

Cabs are I think $65 or so to downtown.  For Dulles, the only service is Washington Flyer.  If you can afford that, absolutely take them.  Super Shuttles are less but take longer and are in a van, but also charge per person, so maybe a Flyer is better for two travelling together.

The point is both will carry your luggage with you.  Easy-peasy.  

Just ditch your luggage in your room and go wandering.  Just get a hotel within walking distance of the Mall.  Your time is too short to learn the Metro.  If you have lots of money, the Willard is the absolute best choice.  Hotel Harrington is near it and more price-conscious.   














 Whoa.  I live nearby and haven't heard any sirens all night.   




 I don't understand -- where are you staying overnight?  

Regardless, call the Hotel Harrington.  Stay there if you need a hotel room, but if not, I'm pretty sure they have a baggage room that's amenable to tourists needing to park their bags.  It's right off of the Mall.  Kinda shabby, but perfectly nice.  

You're not going to get into the District until 7pm-ish and will need to leave 4pm-ish.  Dulles is way out there.

Take Super Shuttles each way. 




 Here's the DC Metro.  I couldn't break it out from the site, but press start and you'll see it develop from 1976 until now not unlike Shanghai's.

http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/14214/evolution-of-metrorail-animation-now-with-rush-plus/

Frame of reference: keep your eye on Metro Center, which remains the heart of the system.  It's three blocks east of the White House.

This animation also stops too early.  There's now a Silver Line going into Northern Virginia. 




 No he's not.  He's just saying he keeps taking roles and working rather than being a prima donna. 




 He made up for it for the year where he won over Haley Joel Osment.  That was the most gracious acceptance speech I've ever heard. 




 That Omega looks embarassing.  He had to know.  Omega doesn't make over the top watches like that. 




 Exactly.  It kind of made a little sad.  Cat's expecting play attacks, the dog's expecting a tug of war over the toy.  

I'm sure they later figured out a mutual language to mess with other. 




 I've met Scots and have had no clue what they were saying. 




 I'm from SW Virginia but spend a lot of time in the Low Country -- my family has a beach house there.

Frank Underwood definitely sounds to me more like an educated Charlestonian.  I was surprised when I heard that his district was elsewhere. 




 Meryl Streep in the dingo ate my baby movie?

RDJr in Tropic Thunder? 




 It's got to be.  There is simply no way to train a cat from entering a room.  They'll engage in a battle of wills and the human will lose every single time. 




 Emily Lakdawalla is to my mind suddenly becoming THE space reporter of her generation.  Or maybe it's because her name is so cool.  Either way, I read her article anytime I see her byline.   




 I've never been drawn to hunting but after reading this article about wild boars in Texas, I'd be doing it all the time if I lived there:

http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/a-plague-of-pigs-in-texas-73769069/?no-ist 




 According to this, it's called The Australian:

https://www.iorr.org/talk/read.php?1,1022821,1038034

I think it's in Chelsea.

Edit: Here's some background:

http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/stories-behind-rolling-stones-and-beatles-767074 




 His agent told the casting director that he'd done Shakespeare.  What he didn't say is that the play had been translated into German.  

edit: word 




 He later played for Harvard.  His roommate?  Al Gore. 




 The story I heard is that he got this ticket driving around a Porsche 911 that he'd bought with early MS money.  He apparently had a lead foot.   




 Well his mother was a redhead.  The late also hilarious Anne O'Meara. 




 I've given up on George Will.  I used to think people saying that he cherrypicks were political opponents, but then he wrote an article about something I had participated in personally, and holy crap he blew it.  Some of the things he said happened not only didn't happen, but could not by federal statute happen.  Simple PACER printouts could refute him.   




 Plus Lena Headley is heavily tattoo'd. 




 OMG who would post such pictures?  And where?  I mean there are so many sites like that. 




 This article sounds like it's right down your alley -- renovation mortgages:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/realestate/in-the-market-for-a-home-in-dc-but-dont-have-a-mint-hello-fixer-upper/2015/07/02/f6ff153c-1142-11e5-a0dc-2b6f404ff5cf_story.html  




 Even if they fail you, you 30 days to fix it.   




 I grew up in SW Virginia, Roanoke actually, which is at the other end of the Roanoke River.

I remember somebody excavated some helmets of the era near Danville.  The idea was that it's almost conclusive evidence that they moved way inland and assimilated.   




 Halfway right! 




 Huggla!  

Nice to see Henley still unafraid to send the runner, despite yesterday's first inning. 




 I was in high school in '79 and don't remember hearing much about Voyager 2.  I knew it was happening though and the pictures were cool.

I know more about New Horizons.

It could be just because I've gotten more interested in the space programs since then, and also I was in a boarding school at the time, so little access to TV. 




 Cool.  I once drove between those cities.  I didn't know.  

It's a super modern three lane comparable to US Interstate.   




 Mondern Mengeles operate more sublimely in mondern t9mes. 




 One of the best things about the NYT is how transparent they are at making corrections.  This article however shouldn't have been published in its first form.  It needed the two hours of edit time before release. 




 How could possibly NOT notice the cheekbones of Carice van Houten?  What, was she wearing too much clothing?  Sexist bastard.

Gilli I'd give you. 




 Found Ser Meryn Trant... 




 No kidding!  I knew they were having to uglify her for shooting, but dayum! 




 Hurley found a stray Dharma food drop and kept it to himself. 




 Los Angeles + Audi driver going backwards = Hollywood stuntdriver screwing around.

This is some Mission Impossible level driving. 




 Sometimes the only time I know for certain that I'm not shadowbanned is waking up to a raft of downvotes. 




 Jesus.  I just went through his comment history and it brings to mind that poor whale in the Pacific whose whale calls can't be heard by other whales. 




 There's nothing wrong with cross-posting.  In fact it's a good thing.

I don't know how he does it.  But he or his collective has an eye for good stuff.   




 No, I bet the whole axle needs to be replaced.  You don't want the weakest link to be the point where the tire attaches to it.  




 I was a little boy in '69 and it must have been awful.  The people looked cool, but you don't know how they smelled.  I remember encountering hippies at the local drugstore and holding my nose -- literally.  They stank.

80's girls had awesome hygiene.  

Plus nobody was getting drafted to Vietnam for my generation.  Things were a pressure cooker for kids in '69.  Those were dangerous times. 




  snapping the axle

I probably should've written "snapping it off of the axle" -- the axle itself is probably OK.

Still, I hope MPD is looking into the circumstances of this incident.  It's got drunk driver written all over it. 




 Born in '62.  Sucks to be you.  You have no clue how much fun you missed! 




 Well, not to worry.  It could've been 1980.  That year was mostly the 70's.  The 80's didn't start until the Fall of 1980.  Source: I was there at age 18. 




 Gotta love the high shorts on the girl to the left.  I think this might be late 70's though.  I grew up in the period. 




 This is precisely why Sam Altman is on the board.  

If he wasn't there, I'd bet reddit would be crashing everytime Anna Kendrick sneezed. 




 Yeah.  It should be like that Dirty Harry movie where Det. Callahan thought he was being followed by the mob but it turned out they were trying to protect him because if he got killed, some stooge he'd hired to kill the mob boss in case he died got the mob very worried. 




 My bet is going too fast and hit the curb exactly wrong, snapping the axle.  Looks like it's already got a parking ticket.  Maybe a drunk from last night?

I hope this isn't the tight single lane service road just above the Circle paralleling the tunnel entrance.  A drunk killed a pedestrian there maybe two years ago.   




 ThingstodoDC.com is absolutely the best if you're into the embassy circuit.  There's much more than that, though.   




 Me, too.  It'd insufferable, approaching Red Sox draught territory.   




 **Submission Statement**:

An examination into why parole boards are scared of actually releasing prisoners into parole supervision, with the chilling result that those who serve their sentences in full are released with no supervision at all. 









 I thought I heard on tonight's broadcast that Sunday starters could volunteer to play, but were not required to.   




 Here is Bill Murray getting hit by the HR derby ball:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcnVdXV2XzM

Meanwhile, stop walking these guys Blake! 




 You say that like it's a bad thing.  I'd watch that. 




 OOOOH that felt great!!!

Espi!!! 




 Dayum.  They're really into that walk-off sandwich.   




 He's got a great voice, though.   




 No it's different.  FP is prone to Yogi Berra malaprops.  This is where we collect them.   









 Oh so they've got the local team on Fox?  Why the DC crew and not the home Baltimore crew?  Or is FP getting his shot at national fame?

Dayum I'd hate to lose him.  

Edit just looked at the time and tuned in.  Yup, there he is!   




 I've always wondered why the Nats haven't adopted some of the show-stoppers.  You Gotta Have Heart for example is terrific.    




 Who is the Fox announcing team?  Please be better than the ESPN crew. 




 I only vaguely remember reddit.com but I think it was a catch-all for items that didn't belong in a specialized r/.

/r/all is everything on reddit.   




 Making friends with sparrows didn't work out so great for Cersei Lannister.   




 ... and now I'm hungry. 




 Is this the same view of where they now have the NYE ball drop? 




 I had a ceiling just like that, too.

I ran a line of red masking tape down the middle to separate the Pacific planes from the European.  




 I haven't seen Germany mentioned so a shout-out to it.  The Alps, the Black Forest, the architecture, and all the beer makes it even prettier.   I love travelling there. 




 I spent a week hiking around Saas Fee once.  Breathtaking.   




 I think he appeared only in the inaugural season.   




 Just wanted to stop in and say WAHOOWA!

It's great to have a pair of Virginia grads living large on the internets.

I'd imagine that your colleagues come mainly from the great STEM schools.  Did you ever feel like an outsider amongst them?  Or did your years in Charlottesville perhaps give you a fresh perspective?

Regardless, welcome back.  Your appointment as CEO is the perfect resolution of this sad incident. 




 That's a fair point.  The first week of sales would be the early adopters who've been anticipating the release.   




 Give us your strangest personally witnessed story not invovling a dinosaur asking for tree fiddy. 




 Dunno what to ask you but dayum there are that many Hawaiians in the Northwests?

Now that I think about it -- were you young enough to be there when the grunge thing happened?  Your thoughts and recollections? 




 I used to doodle mushroom clouds in my elementary school notebooks.  One day, I realized how screwed up this was.

I was so happy when the USSR tanked.

The stress of Mutually Assured Destruction played a key role in messing with us children of the era.   




 It was a civil war to my mind at the time.  I'm Virginian so the US Civil War surrounded me growing up like oxygen.  Why we stuck our snouts into it eluded me.   




 I was just kinda/sorta messing with you.  "Student in university" betrays you as being British or Aussie or not American.  So I threw the extra U into favorite for fun.

I grew up in the 70's.  The proxy wars were confounding to my young mind.  I got the domino theory concerns about communism but what I didn't get is why the heck anybody cared about Vietnam.   




 Favorite war vs. favourite war? 




 "I'm learning German!  So I can pretend to be a German in Thailand!" 




 Yup I read Apple's sales dropped 90% this week. 




 There are specialized flutes that have a little X on the interior base so that the bubbles go up in a straight line.   




 http://img.ifcdn.com/images/404e157febf98a11f3298fa2cc94441f337eaf3d9c01d0ee785851ad2fdc5f66_1.gif 




 He's 94.  The man's earned the right to cuss out anybody who annoys him. 




 I love how he didn't play by the rules.  




 http://www.movpins.com/big/MV5BMTUzNzAyODM4MV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwOTQzMzY3NA/still-of-claudine-auger-in-%C3%A5skbollen-%281965%29-large-picture.jpg 




 Why they changed, I can't say 




 I know a Firestone heir who joined the USMC.  He loved it.  

He's now running the Firestone vinyards and brewery.   




 How old are you?  If in college, target your studies to getting a job with USAID.  Those people are amazing.  It's tough work, but rewarding.   




 Same here.  She's a terrific interviewer.  I sometimes DVR her show when I see a guest I'm interested in will be on.   




 The only Nats jersey I will ever wear is his.   




 Carole King's Tapestry.  Perfect from start to finish.   









 Noah lives in Madison, Wisconsin. 




 Many thanks!  I should be ashamed of myself as I consider myself a WW2 airplane geek.

Who were the Italian pilots shooting at?  Allies or Axis? 









 Were you here during Snowmageddon?  I went to college in Vermont and it was an honest Vermont-class snowstorm.

I still think the 1996 blizzard was worse.

Anyhow, when we get clobbered, Chicago's used to the recovery, but we dig out after a few days just OK. 




 Oh.  Then that's fine.

I get annoyed by American theaters using theatre to make themselves more important-y. 




 Agreement.  I don't get YouTube fame. 




 Is your friend named Tommy, Lee, or Junior? 




 That bikini would be fashionable even today. 




 Based on this it doesn't seem too funny.  He's basically Rupert Gee without David Letterman in his ear. 




 Go slow and stay in the right hand lane until you have things figured out.  Yield to traffic in the circle -- those already in it have the right of way.

If you're going around Dupont Circle, just follow the car in front of you and hope for the best.   




 r/rightiemasterrace

 




