 Oh honey, I am so sorry ((hugs)) 




 Guess I'm old school. Bloody Mary anyone? 




 I thought it was a witch? 




 Mmmm. Lobster 




 Unicorn poop is awesome
Even your dog agrees 




 how about you ship the orders BEFORE Cyber Monday and then start running specials 




 just to clarify, these are for pee, not period blood. :p 




 this stuff tasted like crap :( 




 Because people are assholes 




 Annoyingly positive attitude 




 Like 8 pees. 




 No. I don't wax, I don't shave
, too much irritation and ingrown pubes. A trim is fine. 




 Well call her a dirty whore for starters... 




 Use a damned condom 




 Because of severe overpopulation globally? 




 There's a new product called fresh balls for this.  Don't have balls so I haven't tried it 




 Item was brand new in box with five free samples and pretty packaging!  Thanks so much! 




 Unfortunately my package from the period store came with melted chocolate and they refused to refund my money unless I send the unopened package back return to sender. Um hello? I didn't know the chocolate was melted until I opened the package, duh! 




 Creme brulee 




 Get a hitachi magic wand.  Find her g spot. Stimulate it while using hitachi on her clit 




 I closed my bank of america account for this same reason.   




 That sounds like normal ovulation.  




 From what I've read online, yes 




 At least it's not texting..... 




 I have to stop and pee when I get gas, get out and stretch, get a drink, etc. 




 Submissive.  




 That sounds like the most yeast infection friendly thing I've ever heard. It's like an all u can eat buffet. 




 Even hairless cats have dander.  We used to have Sphynxes. 




 That's horrible! 




 I like bitch tits better 




 Twat waffle, douche canoe, cunt nugget 




 Have you tried therapy?  You remind me a lot of myself.  The guy seems genuinely caring and into you.  Many guys aren't that way, especially after one night stands.  It's pretty obvious you are terrified of rejection and so pushing people away before they get a chance to hurt you.  Recognizing this is the first step to correcting the problem. *hugs* 




 I don't know, I can't smell over the internet.  If it doesn't smell fishy you are probably fine. Do you have discharge or irritation?  If not I wouldn't worry 




 It means they can give u whatever car they want. Sucker. 




 Lol 




 Poor penguins 




 Everyone should have abortions and become lesbians. Of course if we all became lesbians we wouldn't need abortions, but whatever. 




 Lady, this is not a fucking bakery.  Or a magic shop. 




 Steal the phone obviously.  He couldn't take it in the shower with him... 




 My thyroid meds make me uber hormonal bitchy.  So mad for no damned reasons 




 What month?  Does your anniversary sometimes fall on a different day? 




 Nothing, just that the number 13 is supposedly unlucky.  Superstition and hogwash 




 Same 




 Yes it IS porn 




 Kink.com  why not? 




 Usually hymen get broken from natural wear and tear, horseback riding, etc.. I broke mine falling crotch first on metal bars on a water raft ride. 




 Most nurses have attitude. 




 The first memory I have of my father is the day he got pissed off my mother made *only* mac n cheese for dinner and threw a bowl of it across the kitchen, hitting the toaster.  I don't have a great relationship with him.  I can't imagine why.... 




 The sound of dry skin or toe or fingernails scraping across bedsheets. Ugh 




 My husband does this.  all the time. 




 Had sex. 




 DEY TOOK OUR JABS 




 Hammer nails into myself 




 Don't have sex with them. 




 Please don't rehome the dogs after the baby arrives  :-(   it happens a lot 




 Omg ow.  Poor guy 




 Butt plugs, smaller to.larger, over time 




 So, they what, sell office supplies on the black market?    




 The cat approves 




 Yea I am confused by the leaves too 




 Married to chubby hairy balding dude, can confirm. 




 I don't know. I ended up demanding a refund several hours later and used weusepaypal instead 




 For real.  




 Thanks. Tried to do walmart and it took forever... 




 I get paid tomorrow.  Somehow I got charged two days early for a $15 recurring payment.  So I am currently at a $-15 account balance.  Last night I had to go to the ER at 3 am due to severe back and ovary pain.  I then had to go back to the hospital to get an ultrasound.  My husband and I both get paid tomorrow. We have no gas, no cigarettes, and no food until grocery shopping tomorrow.  My pain medication is wearing off and I have to wait two days to get my test results. Tomorrow I have to go to work because I already missed half a day this week and half a day last week because of constant sharp back pain.  Today has been one big bowl of shit. 




 oh thanks that reminds me I need to actually use these free samples I forgot about them :) 









 So.... deer are hipsters?
Or they just have good taste? 




 Well if they are going to harass us they might as well be useful... 




 ok I really need a pedicure now 




 Don't they all wear those blue vests??? 




 Hopefully it is just temporary but mostly because it is convenient. My husband also works at the same place and so we are able to carpool 




 Yeah part time. No benefits no sick pay, thank god my husband has good insurance 




 Creditors keep calling you trying to reach them. 




 I am a janitor at a storage facility.  To be a janitor in a hospital you have to do drug testing and background stuff but for my job they'd probably take anyone off the street.  




 Well that depends on whether you are willing to clean up literal shit for minimum wage.   




 Penny candy? 




 ty! 




 I'd like the two l'occitane soaps and the nyx butter gloss in red velvet, please. 




 best of luck op.  




 I got cat scratch fever from claws once. As a crazy cat lady, it was bound to happen eventually. 




 imitation shrimp sounds disgusting 




 somebody did the exact same thing with a diaper when I worked at this shitty cafeteria style chicken joint. ugh 




 try going down on her? 




 Please tell me I can buy this online. 




 No but I want to try it for my thighs so they don't chafe.
My breasts also chafe at work it might be my bra though 




 Freshballs.com 




 It's a product to keep your balls fresh.  Google it.  No clue if it works lol  I don't have balls 




 Fresh balls 




 Not a friend. 




 He is not 21. Next time he drinks call the police.
Next time he comes tell him to leave and if he doesn't, call the police 




 cheese balls! 




 Oh, well 80s.  That explains it lol 




 I need to set an alarm or something  :-( 




 Well if he truly loved this country, he would pay full price. 'Merica! 




 Why WOULD they have seafoam green pantyhose, in ANY size? 




 Supposedly 




 4+ hours no
8+ hours yes 




 I have the reve de miel body and face cleanser and it's decent but the honey scent is too strong to be used on the face daily, imo. I just use it as body wash 




 File for unemployment, move far far away from here 




 ty :) I used to go to unt in denton, tx and there was an albino squirrel on campus. unfortunately I think an eagle picked it up. so it's not a very evolutionary friendly mutation lol.
 




 phone sex, cam whore? 




 that iron supplement literally made me barf. thank god I got a free box and was only out shipping and handling. the only neat things were the one use foil packets of shampoo from weleda and crystal deo wipes.
 




 awww we have a squirrel that comes on our porch to tease the cats. they make little chirping chattering noises at it 




