

















































 Your pet is 14 years old? Please don't make me be the one to break it to you about animal lifespans. 














 That would actually be a brilliant scam. 














 An article about the man, great read: http://www.theguardian.com/music/2014/jan/09/jackson-c-frank-tragic-tale-forgotten-60s-legend 




 I don't even doubt she was successful in a few shops. We probably won't hear about that! 









 I've always been curious about why Flash is so bad. Is it that they have really bad engineers? Or do they legitimately face problems that other platforms don't due to their popularity? 




 I can't imagine Flash is going to survive this. Has there ever been a time when it worked? 




 A couple more links about reddit's changing direction:

[FW: reddit cofounder consulting for Stratfor to bring in the social media dollars ](https://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=282044)

[Reddits troubles mount as chief engineer Bethanye Blount quits](http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/07/14/reddits-troubles-mount-as-chief-engineer-bethanye-blount-quits/) 














 Thanks. The guy's life story was so heart breaking and his music was so beautiful that he really deserves more recognition. 




 Blood Meridian was a great book. Here's a good one that basically reads like something Cormac McCarthy might write only it's non-fiction: [The Halliburton Agenda](http://down.cenet.org.cn/upfile/29/200712222445129.pdf). A great read, it really shows how dirty Texas politics/business can get. 














 Thanks. That's quite a trove. 




 [Alexis and Stratfor](https://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=282044) 




 I think it's loosely based on MKULTRA. Not sure what angle they're playing, if it's a spoof or if it's informative. Would like to see it. 




 I totally agree. I think there's zero chance they abandoned this research. The video isn't disinfo per se, the people piecing together the story of MKULTRA back then were working with what they had, and I regard this as an interesting timepiece because it shows that the press was interested in these issues in the late 70s. Proof that they didn't get rid of their programs is the Army's [SERE program](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survival,_Evasion,_Resistance_and_Escape) which has an "anti-torture" manual that teaches soldiers how to resist torture. It has the consequent effect however of teaching people what to do if they actually want to torture. A lot of SERE and modern interrogation programs come out of the MKULTRA era. 









 That's the thing, a lot of people don't realize that the same people go back to Vietnam, pulling the same tricks. 




 Sandwich! I think I was just thinking about eating some soup... 




 Joe Rogan tried to make a case for DMT. I wouldn't put him in their league, and I don't think he's trying to be them, but DMT: the Spirit Molecule was interesting if you haven't seen it. Other than that, I'm starting to see a resurgence of research into using  MDMA and even LSD in helping people suffering from PTSD. I doubt that there will ever be the same kind of psychedelic free for all that people witnessed in the sixties, but I do think that these things will make their way back in therapeutic settings. There is a sizeable community of people discussing psilocybin, not only how to cultivate it but also swapping experiences with it. Terrence McKenna's brother Dennis is still active and in fact writes for Reality Soup. Reality Soup isn't a bad forum for these things if you don't know about it. As far as a new Tim Leary, do we need that? 




 I don't think psychedelic research will ever go away. It's too weird and fascinating to get buried. Terrence McKenna was great. I have a lot of time for people who got into that kind of exploration but at the same time I'm skeptical of the context that surrounded their research. Another person to read, if you're interested in stories set in sensory depravation tanks, is Stanislaw Lem. He wrote a Polish psychedelic sci fi masterpiece called Solaris, but his short fiction is also incredible. 














 Then you might enjoy reading about John Lilly if you haven't already: [John Lilly](http://realitysandwich.com/219385/the-unlimited-mind-of-doctor-john-c-lilly/) 




 
I only know what is in the video... I assume you're talking about the guy in Michigan. There's been a discussion about him on /conspiracy the last couple of days. I don't know the facts of his case beyond what he is claiming, but he definitely seems to be making choices that are not coming from a calm, rational place.
 




 No, I totally agree. I just think his irrational mindset was down to the pressure he was feeling. It's unfolding right at this moment with this man in Michigan: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20aPHGXJk4E feature=youtu.be). No question that the best solution in this current case would be to fight back non-violently using the press, legal appeals, and other means. But we've all been in the position at some point in our lives where we felt so much pressure we couldn't think straight. 




 Thanks for your post. I agree with all that. It's just that I have no idea what I'd personally be capable of if I felt my family was threatened. So I don't mean to exonerate Randy Weaver for doing something a bit boneheaded, but it just seems to me that his crime was a small one compared to the pre-meditated decision by the authorities to manufacture the scenario where he would be tempted to commit that crime.  














 I read about that case before. That was horrible. Seriously though, don't underestimate how intimidating it can be when these people in law enforcement decide to put pressure on you to act how they want you to act. They have a lot of tools, and even smart people get sucked into their schemes. 




 Someone posted this yesterday about the use of scopolamine in Columbia. This actually happened to a friend of mine in another country: (http://www.vice.com/video/colombian-devil-s-breath-1-of-2) 




 Bingo. Now you've got it. Which means a lot of teachers are smart enough to be aware of the nightmare they're trapped in, perpetuating lies and distortions. 




 I would say it all comes down to individual lazymindedness. But that is very likely going to describe the individuals who constitute the majority of the population at any given time. Reason and rationalism are the path out of sleep. The path in is unreason. Which is not to say the forces of unreason are unreal. Sports mania and crowd psychology in sports stadiums is a great example of this. A crowd cheering has a demonstrable effect on the performance on the field by the players. This is down to belief, which is effectively a psychological state. But I would be careful in calling psychological states or beliefs unreal. Like Robert Anton Wilson said: reality is a set of beliefs waiting to be replaced by another set of beliefs. 




 They're under a spell. The truth is magic is real, always has been. Talismans work. Flags are talismans. The American flag is an especially powerful talisman. The Pentagon is a very powerful symbol that exerts control over large groups, not just Americans, others as well. The building projects a sense of power and durability. We live in a world largely controlled by magic. People who don't know this fact are actually experiencing the effects of the magic being used against them. But then again, this is crazy talk. 




 Johnson had a very violent history in Texas, he murdered his way to the top. Texas has always been a very nasty place politically and the oil and gas industry on the one hand and construction industry on the other (Halliburton and KBR) are rumored to have  histories full of murder and intimidation. Here is a posting about an early Johnson linked murder, not the only one: (http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?showtopic=6005)

An earlier incarnation of KBR built all the roads, buildings, bases, and airstrips as well as supplying most of the supplies for the entire Vietnam conflict. Johnson had been their boy since the 40s, and the company's shady history reads like the Godfather. 




 Will the new movie show ISIS re-destroying the ancient archaeological sites that the US army already destroyed? Could be a winning plot angle. Along with Sylvester Stalone trying to pronounce Nebuchadnezzar. 




 Let me echo what TheSkwamatConnection said about Evidence of Revision. If you have a spare ten hours, it could change your life. Incredible documentary that basically argues that Johnson was deep in the conspiracy: [Evidence of Revision full documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHb5X3fFhPw) 




 I used to teach. In my experience, there are a lot of good people who will try to buck the system, but they tend to get weeded out or worn down over time. 




 He went to one or two of their meetings because they were his neighbors and he wanted to have good relations with them. He didn't buy into their belief system and decided to stop going. That was the point when the government targeted him as a potentially useful informant. They set up an innocent guy. It was entrapment. 




 And on an individual level, I think you're right. But brainwashing and propaganda are linked, and they both are effective when they create a context. Certain individuals will always be able to think their way past the traps that get set up by the powers that be, but a large chunk of the population will get sucked in. That's useful to those in power. I don't think they necessarily care that much about individuals, they try to manipulate groups. 




 I feel like there's a real distinction between natural substances like psilocybin and synthetic ones like LSD. I'm not judging people who like LSD, and I've taken it myself in the past, but it seems very possible that it manipulates mass behavior in more or less predictable ways. A great example of this -and I'm really not saying this was a conspiracy or that it was even a bad thing - was the use of ecstacy in England in the rave scene in the late 80's. The drug became popular with football fans and basically wiped out hooliganism and violence between supporters.
As for hypnosis, it's like propaganda, it doesn't work as well on individuals as on groups. However MKULTRA was trying to target individuals. They only ended up destroying people's minds. 




 Someone posted this a few days ago in case you haven't seen it yet: [Jon Ronson on the Joe Rogan podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUuFMjhRkmU). He's not only a great journalist, he's also very funny. 




 Thanks, I'll look at that. I'm very interested in this subject. People don't realize but it was actually something that was discussed back in the sixties by young people involved in radical politics. They were very suspicious of the hippy movement and what was driving it. 




 I can't imagine what they were up to with LSD, but I feel like it had a lot to do with taking the energy out of the anti-war movement. The hippies became very inward looking and narcissistic. A lot of them moved to the country and disengaged from protests. I wonder if that wasn't the plan all along? 









 I think that was because the landlord that owns the buildings around Zuccotti Park had to sign a lease on the park allowing people to use it 24/7 which wasn't the case anywhere else. That was a loophole that delayed eviction for a few weeks, where the police had power to remove protestors from other parks including Washington Square. In fact, they did remove people from Washington Square whenever the police decided they might be trying to set up shop. There was a lot of discussion about moving to Washington Square park but most people were scared of the police reaction. There was at least one general assembly there which I went to.

Also, one funny fact, almost nobody at Zuccotti Park knew that Adbusters started the protest! 




 Well here's one example from about 1955: [Life magazine article about Gordon Wasson's hunt for psilocybin in Mexican highlands](http://www.imaginaria.org/wasson/life.htm).
Henry Luce controlled a lot of media back then including Time and Life magazines and he LOVED LSD. Luce publications were the same ones declaring that 1967 was going to be the  "Summer of Love" and encouraging young people to go to San Francisco. The underground press thought that was insane and realized it would be a public health catastrophe. As for television and movies, lots of them began to adopt psychedelic themes, especially Star Trek. And Timothy Leary was after all something like a televangelist. 




 Thanks. 




 Amazing story. Teachers should be encouraging students to learn about this stuff, not discouraging it. 









 Will do. 




 It's part of a series of docs Jon Ronson did called "Secret Rulers of the World". One part was on the Bilderbergers and is great because he gets into a low speed car chase.
Here's a link to one of them: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQKTMjApnkI) 




  Burundanga, aka Colombian Devils breath

Something exactly like this happened to my friend in Nigeria. She "donated" all her family's possessions and cars to two thieves after they'd rubbed some powder on her skin. Scary shit! 




 That's no joke. Check out this article by sportswriter Dave Zirin who learned through a FOIA release that his anti-death penalty group in suburban Maryland had an undercover FBI agent going to the meetings even though it was a small group (apologies for the Huffpost link, usually try to avoid it)
(http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dave-zirin/cointelpro-comes-to-my-to_b_113930.html) 




 Thanks! 




 I have a lot of time for Jon Ronson, who happens to be good friends with another great documentary maker, Adam Curtis. Ronson was actually there. This doc got me to get off my high horse thinking people in the militia movement were "nuts". I disagree with them about a lot of stuff, but they're far from nuts. If I'd been at the roadblock to Ruby Ridge while the authorities were shooting at this poor family, I might have woken up sooner. 









 This goes deep. Montreal was a center of CIA activity and research since they felt secure being outside of the reach of the US legal system. A lot of Canadians had their lives taken away from them. Cameron wasn't some run of the mill quack either. He was head of  both the Canadian and World Psychiatric Associations in the 1950s and 60s. 




 Good for you. I admire that. Personally, I'd be concerned about the police using asset seizure against people who deal in cash though. 









 This video really shows how bad it is. I mean, the guy didn't even seem to be busking. He just wanted to give his show on the 4th of July. He was getting set to move along, but the cops couldn't stand having something happening that they didn't get to control. I mean, what kind of people are against a dude playing the Star Spangled Banner on his guitar? They're like cyborgs. 




 For years there was a thriving houseboat community in Sausalito but I think it's been squeezed out by developers using different ploys: (http://ww2.kqed.org/news/2013/05/21/the-story-of-a-sausalito-anchor-out) 




 Thanks for that. I mean, I'm all for paying taxes, but if it is impossible to ever have a lifestyle where you can't avoid taxes, then that means you're being taxed by the very act of your being born. We should have some possibility of opting out if we don't use services taxes pay for. 




 I absolutely agree with that.  




 Investigators are still out there, but look at what happened to Michael Hastings. It really feels like information is being micro-managed now in a way it wasn't even a few years ago. We rely too much on information dumps that may or may not be real. 




 The Danny Casolaro story, like Gary Webb's,  is simultaneously inspiring and frightening. It also gets to the heart of why it's hard to expose so many of these conspiracies. They get so convoluted and expansive that it can be insanely hard to comprehend let alone explain to other people. I think I'll post some of this stuff later. Know any good Mae Brussell shows dealing with reservations? 




 Oh she is just fucking awful. The worst. I used to read the Guardian years ago in print form when it was an outstanding paper. It's saddening how downhill it has gone. Their support of Pao is just weird. 




 Wounded Knee was messed up. It's also confusing because in addition to the FBI, wasn't there also a problem with local organized crime that had hijacked the reservation? Reservations are exploited in a lot of ways by the federal government. The Cabazon reservation  in California was used by the US for bio-chemical weapons research well into the 80's since federal mandates prohibiting such research don't apply on reservations. Probably still is used for that. In exchange, they were given a casino. 




 I've actually become interested in this recently because I'm seeing a neighborhood near me undergo gentrification. Right now, it's in the happy early stage where drug dealers are being evicted. Pretty soon however, it's inevitable that lower crime and new residents with better education and salaries will cause property taxes to rise. This is going to force out most of the decent working people who've had to put up with the criminality for years. I'd like to discover some workaround to help those families from inevitably being moved out of their old neighborhoods. 




 Is this the only way someone could avoid owing property tax? The Amish sometimes donate their land to their church to avoid it, but most people would seem stuck with paying it whether they use services or not. 




 Aren't they technically considered outside of the US? 



















 It's almost as if they concocted the plan with the assistance of [these guys](https://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=282044). 









