












































 The party that controls the laws also controls the people. 













































































































































































































































































 As a matter of fact I do get wood over guys but that's because I'm bisexual and how were you to know that? But fuck Pattinson, especially after Cosmopolis. Anyway, he doesn't look like a bottom. 









 I guess we could argue this all day,and truthfully, I wouldn't kick her out of my own bed for eating crackers, but seeing her in any movie immediately ruins it for me. 




 If her acting were better I wouldn't be forced to notice her looks. 




 If Emma Watson had a pointy chin and could only open her eyes halfway.  




 Kristen Stewart - I cannot find her even remotely attractive in any role, but especially the pasty chick in the Twilight series. 




 I've asked several times for sources on that subreddit and I'm either ignored or directed to the individual's blog where I'll also find no sources or citations. Additionally, they'll cite wikapedia, which is a good starting point for sources relating to a topic, but I don't trust the website for consistent accuracy. 




 r/askhistorians - The crap they post there for answers to historical events/people make working historians cringe, plus if you ask for citations or where they got their information, it's treated like you've made a personal attack. If a citation is provided it's usually from a history channel show, which is a whole new level of crappage.  




 I worked at a restaurant in the Omni Hotel, San Diego, that was owned by a guy who donated so much to the George W. Bush campaign he was rewarded with the ambassodorship to New Zealand. Meanwhile, waiters/waitresses at his restaurant were forced by management to participate in a "fake-a-break" program. Employees that worked more than six hours were forced to choose between working through a thirty minuted break or taking that break during the busy period and losing out on tips. If anyone spoke out about the "fake-a-break" program, they were harassed by management. While stealing hours from his employees, the restaurant owner enjoyed a fat government paycheck with perks. 








































































































 Forrest Gump - "Life is like a box of chocolates, motherfucker...." 





































































































































































































































 Damn you...this was my go-to answer. 







































 Children, can you say cronyism?
  
Very Good!! 
















































































































































 Anything from Suzy Solar, but Judge Jules also does a nice monthly set that he puts on his website for download. If you want some real hands-in-the-air or uplifting trance, try Aly   Fila's Future Sounds of Egypt pod cast. 




 Condsidering the zeal with which you attack major corporations, federal agencies, and politicians, do you ever fear repercussions? Do you have any sneaking suspicions that you"re on a no-fly or watch list? Has the harassment extended to the show's writers, producers, or directors? 


















































































































