



















 Putting up posters about men's issues is always a fun thing to do. Certainly seems pretty successful activism and really brings men's human rights into the real world. 



















 Feminists are notorious for their contempt for stay at home mothers. Patricia Hewitt actually described them as a "real problem":

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-184662/Mothers-stay-home-problem.html 




 His previous abuser was Cheryl Cole, one of the most famous female singers/celebrities in the UK over the last decade or so:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheryl_Cole 




 This is the second time a woman has boasted about the violence they've perpetrated against Cole, the previous case being his ex-wife who put the remarks about her domestic violence in her autobiography and therefore profited from them.

Neither woman has been subject to the slightest attention from police, despite them both openly confessing to serious violence in writing.

One particular interesting part of the article:

"Carla added: "No-one tried to stop me hitting him  I think that is because of Ashleys bad karma.

I did it for my sister. Ashley has caused her a lot of issues."


Info on is previous abuser:
http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/showbiz/4575392/cheryl-cole-book-showdown-with-cheat-ashley-cole.html#

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2214348/Cheryl-Cole-How-vitamin-jabs-helped-cope-Ashleys-adultery.html 






























































































 Pretty historic for such a decision to be overturned, I believe this is the first ever such case! 




 In case people are wondering why this is an men's issue - all the victims were boys and the woman who declined to prosecute the perpetrator is a radical feminist. 















































































  The saddest story about circumcision is also from Canada

Technically, the saddest ones are all the hundreds of deaths of babies and young children. 














 Rather old story, but was recently removed from Google's results so i thought it was worth posting. 









 Another story taken down by Google. 









 This story is rather old but has been removed from Google search results so i thought i'd share it here. The following addition link has also disappeared:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/4093123.stm


Quite an interesting story anyhow.
 









 I realise the story is old, but Google recently removed it from their search results so i thought I'd share it here.

This link has also been removed from Google: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/7506139.stm 









 There are also outright lies too with no factual basis whatsoever. 




 The claims in the article are BS. CAFE simply named a number of groups who it hoped to work with. Secondly, there a hundreds and hundreds of studies showing that 50% of dv victims are men so again their claim is true.

Finally, your typical feminist website/pamphlet will contain at least one completely debunked factoid concerning domestic violence (usually several), so if people really have a major problem with misleading claims about dv then they need to start targeting serial offenders, i.e. vast numbers of feminists and feminist organisations (not to mention government departments) 



















 Would you be open to the same happening with the school work of millions of boys given multiple studies show blatant sexism in grading by female teachers? 


































 On the other hand, if they have a male only workout area then the pricing might actually be legal due to the lesser facilities offered to women. 




 Apologies for the terrible headline. 









 Possibly the worst headline ever, but certainly an interesting and rather distressing article. 






















































   If you're not welcome at an event, do us all a favour and do not show up.

CAFE's original ban (in 2014) went against ever single Pride rule imaginable and was therefore invalid. As for this year, there still hasn't been an actual reason given other than "complaints", the complaint clearly haven't been investigated, nor deemed as valid reasons for barring Pride.

**Pride are now in a situation where anyone can make any complaint about any group and as long as there are a dozen of such complaints then that group can be banned forever!** It doesn't matter how ridiculous or false the complaints happen to be, the organisation just gets banned simply becasue of a handful of ridiculous or politically motivated complaints. 





































































 I've made it so the link skips the first 26 seconds becasue the audio is poor quality at the start 









 She'd certainly know a thing or two about tricking young girls... 



















 Disclaimer: I do not support Cancer Research UK and I'd discourage anyone from donating to them due to their long and continuing history of sexism against men. However, the rest of this video is fantastic so it's still worth sharing. 



















 And Pride too. 




 That's sort of true, though under 18's do tend to get a pass from the media and from some feminists as they aren't actually evil men yet. There's potentially a few years available for activism from a privileged position, where attacks will be less severe and he might actually be listened to. 




 This video is proving to be rather popular of late, would be interested to hear people's thoughts. Personally I didn't like some of the tactics used by the interviewer and appreciated how Mike highlighted what she had done. 



















 I'm new to posting in r/undelete so I hope I got everything right. Not sure how to tell how high in r/all the vid got, but it certainty was popular and the video seems to have gained 40K views. 









 Mike's website is http://j4mb.wordpress.com/ for those who were impressed by his performance. He's looking to raise 25,000 to fund 50 like-minded candidates at the next election. 









 Almost 100K views for this video now, really impressive. 




 It's important to emphasise that the case was dismissed on procedural grounds, not becasue of any facts surrounding the case. Furthermore, in the example you cite those involved have apologised and accepted that they did terrible things, Solo has failed to apologise for her conduct and actually attempts to play the victim!

I agree she's innocent until she's found guilty, though I'm also certain that no male in her position would be representing the US team and we really should be treating all athlete equally regardless of gender.

 




  If she was a regular gal working a 9 to 5 job her employer couldn't fire her or 'punish' her because of domestic violence.

Well her 9 to 5 job is perhaps playing for her club side. Here's she's being giving the privilege of representing her country on a world stage, something that actually distinguishes and elevates this above all the other cases it is being compared with.
 









 Mike posts news updates and articles on the J4MB website every day, well worth keeping an eye on his site:

https://j4mb.wordpress.com/

If you enjoyed his video then maybe consider becoming a member of the party: https://j4mb.wordpress.com/party-membership/  (members can live anywhere in the world, it's not limited to the UK)

You can even apply to stand as J4MB candidate at the next election, again you don't even have to live in the UK to do so. 



















 Actually I think the format would have a lot of potential were it explained a little more clearly. 




   if the first thing in their manifesto wasn't about restricting women's access to abortions

The format of the manifesto is chronological - i.e. it deals with foetuses, then babies, then children and then adults. Also, while I'm not all that enthusiastic about the inclusion of the abortion proposals, it's incredible how people try to twist it to pretend it's extreme. In reality, according to this link, http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/6235557.stm the party is only proposing the exact same time limit as in place in **Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Poland, Slovakia**. It's the current UK limit of 24 weeks which is the extreme and out of touch policy relative to other developed nations. 




 The statements on their Facebook are too puzzling really in order to allow a 5 star review as of yet and they do appear to have lied. I think we should wait a little longer to find out what really happened. (Yelp reviews are still possible, so that would be the most obvious location for feedback). 









  That's because it's mother's groups and child protection groups making progress, not us.

True, though I haven't seen much involvement from mother's groups in this case, it's the intactivists who've been at the forefront of this. their case is certainly made a hell of a lot easier with the mother being pitted against the father in this instance but whatever the case this is still a major victory for us right now. I certainly haven't ever heard of a case of a hospital and doctor wanting to mutilate a boy and then backing out at the last minute entirely thanks to a campaign to save him from their knife. And if we make it unacceptable for the hospital to mutilate Chase against his will then the natural extension of this process is to make it unacceptable for hospitals  to mutilate any kids just for the hell of it.

 




 Many thanks to all those who were involved in helping to protect Chase.

Note that he's still at risk for the next 60 days and we may have to go through all this again with a different hospital. 

















































 Her comments are the exact opposite of reality. The lack of a bedroom subsidy actually hits separated fathers far harder than anyone else becasue their don't have primary custody of the kids therefore they don't get to have a bedroom for their kids, meaning no overnight stays becasue there's no suitable place for the kids to sleep. 
































































  This is one University.

There have been a lot of near identical incidents elsewhere. It's not even isolated to the UK either, there have been cases in Canada and the US too (though the UK student's unions seem to be the most successful at banning groups who help men)
 





























 The title is taken from the article. 




 It's from last year but seems we missed it that time around. 














 This is a British story 




 **The Qantas idea of "safety" is to assume every single male passenger is a paedophile**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airline_seating_sex_discrimination_controversy#Qantas_and_Air_New_Zealand

Please boycott this airline if you can (though I guess ruining their videos also helps)
 



















 John Lukic would surely be the goalkeeper in a best non-capped XI 












































 Thanks, one of them made the front page today and I received gold for it, it's nice to be appreciated. 
























 Perhaps most of those 1 in 5 men suddenly find themselves in such hostile work environments that they leave within a year or two. It's probably technically correct that 20% of new primary school teachers are men, but if half of them are hounded out of the job within a year or two then we're not going to see any increase in male teachers. 












































 Why are we linking to this crap? Please use an archive in future. 







































