 Can you pm me where you are located? I would love a system like this but I am looking for something much larger (I want to be able to have a few tilapia so I can have both veggies and protein). I was looking to build it myself, but  the prices on prefab tanks are astronomical.

 




 Heh, I totally bought like 10 dollars worth of NBG last week (robinhood, no comission). Looks like I should have bought a starbucks coffee instead :) 




 Gosh, I wonder what would have happened if Brian Boitano hadn't intervened!? 




 RIP

I'm amazed yours seems to have lasted so long. Mine didn't make it through even one smoke! 




 I believe my o ring has somehow migrated to my throat. Eeish! 




 This looks like so damn much fun! 




 So, here's the thing, I was referring to country as meaning "location physically superimposed where they live" not their literal country. Of course, asbergersy redditors automatically inferred that I was talking about nationalism.

Hence my confusion when they suggested I was talking about nationalism. 




 Does their passport say Pashtun or Afghanistan? It says Afghanistan.

Into what country are coalition troops deployed?  Afghanistan.

Therefore, there is an occupying force in their country, no matter what tribe they are part of. 




 I didn't? 




 Most likely because there is an occupying force in their country that they can't hope to beat head to head militarily,  so they have to be sneaky to have any chance at victory. 

Victory for the Taliban means outlasting the occupying force. Victory for the occupying force means their ideology wins and the Taliban either is entirely eliminated (unlikely) or their ideology is eliminated (also unlikely, especially when every one of them we kill is viewed as a martyr).

So basically, the Taliban has to stay in the shadows, cherry pick some attacks when it makes sense, and just survive long enough for the coalition funding and popular sentiment on the homefront to dry up.

Not ragging on coalition troops, but that's basically the scenario.

**Edit:** by country I am referring to their land, not literally their country. I am not inferring nationalism. 




 I was out walking my dog one night. Everything is dark, and suddenly something lights up to my side. I yurn and look.

It's my neighbor's window, and his wife is on the other side, topless. It takes a split second to sink in what I'm seeing. As soon as it clicks I do a "OHSHITTURNAWAYNOW" but not before she looks up, sees me, and throws her window shut. 




 Basically, beef fat doesn't taste like much of anything. Pig fat (and schmaltz) taste great which is why they're frequently used in cooking. Beef fat is good for making soap, and making puddings (not in that order).

If you're worried the fat content is too low, add some pork belly, fatty bacon or even frozen unsalted butter to the grind. 




 I had the surgery when I was about 14. Sadly they grew back. Unevenly. It kinda sucks. Now 31 and while its not as bad (eating very well, working out regularly) it's still a reason to go swimming with a shirt.  




 This was something I was going to say. No one here knows what OP's sister's relationship is like. They may be in a long term open relationship and she knows already, and may even approve. 




 Thanks for actually answering and not rating me down for asking a question like some other asshole. The genesis only supported rf and rca which is why I asked. 




 Um, did s-video exist near the sunset of the snes? 




 Nono youre thinking of revenge. 




 3 ingredient peanut butter cookies.
1 egg.
1 cup peanut butter (use junky peanut butter, not natural).
1 cup sugar (usually I mix half white and half brown for flavor).

Mix until smooth. Roll into balls, roll in some more sugar. Put on a baking sheet covered in parchment. Press indentations on the top with a wet fork. Bake at 350 for about 8 minutes. 




 Are you sure you cured in pink himalayan salt? That's a finishing salt, not curing salt.

You need to use insta-cure #1/prague powder, aka pink salt. It's way less expensive, and it contains sodium nitrite for curing and color.

They're not interchangeable. You could actually make yourself sick using the wrong one when you're curing meats (normal salt doesn't kill bacteria near as fast, which means bad bacteria have time to multiply and create toxins that persist even after the salt eventually kills them). 




 Give this a shot - make it your way, but then refrigerate it for a few hours. Then steam it back up to ~200. You'll get your fall apart tender pastrami, plus it should be slice-able.

Edit: hey idiot who rated me down, this is the method used by Katz deli, home of the best pastrami on earth. Smoke til collagen is melted, refrigerate til cold, then steam for slicing. 




 Rape is no laughing matter. Unless you're raping a clown. 




 Do you have a shower at work? Changing facilities? If yes, do you have somewhere where you can store toiletries? To be as minimal as possible i usually carried combination shower/bodywash.

Make sure your bike has a rear fender on it, or you'll be covered in mud. 

Also make sure you have a way to tie your slacks to your ankles. Getting slacks caught in your crank or covered in bike grease sucks. It's less noticable on jeans, but it can still shred them up something fierce. [Brooks makes these straps that are lovely, but a touch pricey](http://www.brooksengland.com/catalogue-and-shop/bags/other+brooks+products/Trouser+Strap/).

Put some cash back each week in case it rains really bad. If it rains, call an Uber/lyft car to take you home. Summer rains aren't too bad, but the day you get caught in a winter rain that leads to a chill and a cold, you'll be kicking yourself for not just getting a ride. A poncho isn't horrible but be careful it doesn't get caught in the crank/chain/pedal or it can make a mess.

A flat fix kit is always a good idea.

Make sure you have lights on your bike, and a damn good u-lock and cable if it has to be stored outside. Don't trust building security. I had a favorite MTB get stolen off a bike rack in the middle of one of the busiest squares in downtown Philadelphia, where there were security guards and cameras stationed the entire day.

If your commute is long, get grip extensions so you can move your hands if they get tired. A rear view to attach to your bike or helmet is helpful and I have friends who swear by them, but I always just prefer turning physically.

If you pass through any very slow traffic areas (10-25mph), get a cyclocomputer that can track speed. A cop WILL stop you for speeding if he feels like it, and the ticket will be just as bad as a car ticket, and can even add points to your drivers license.

If your bike has the ability, a good pannier or saddle bag should be enough to carry clothes. I usually just wear a backpack. 




 It's one of those movies that can be a slow burn for some people, but I was lucky to like it on the first go round.

What makes it so great is that they have all kinds of little bits of embedded humor that you actually have to pay attention to to understand. From single sound effects (the bionic man leap over a bale of hay), to meta stuff (the whole movie takes place in one day), there are so many different things that you miss until you have seen it a couple times. 




 Watch it once sober, and then when you're baked. It's an amazing movie. 




 I think the age difference is an intentional part of the joke. The original movie had so many subtle yet absurd things (like the fact the entire movie takes place in one day, the reactions to Shemper's comedy) going on, I think they're just adding that one on to the cart. 




 Interestingly, if you were to go with precious metals, I think silver and copper make the most sense. Think of things from an industrial perspective - silver is one of the best, cheapest conductors for making contacts and solder alloys. Copper is used in basically every wire, circuit trace, motor, etc.

Gold is a "meh" conductor (despite marketing from companies like Monster Cables), and made worse by the premium price. It's only really great property is how malleable it is - it can get pressed extremely thin. Great for making heat shielding, but nothing you'd really need for the mad max world preppers think of.

If I were to put money into a precious metal pile, it would probably be silver and copper. If you indulge in fetishizing the worst case scenario, in a post apocalyptic wasteland, being able to make motors and wire, and having the materials to do so, would be pretty darn valuable, you know? 




 One of the worst things I ever saw was when someone had uploaded a hurtcore pedo video on youtube. Someone threw the link on 4chan a few years back saying "PORN ON YOUTUBE!" and suddenly.... little kid being raped. 

Reported, closed browser, formatted hard drive, threw computer out window, burned down wall. 




 But what does she say!? 




 That's what I needed to know, thank you! 




 That's what I needed to know, thank you! 




 I am a long time spotify user, but I keep seeing apple music come up on my apple devices. This would be the one thing that would make me switch - Spotify doesn't have any music from the band Tool (of Schism, Aenema fame).

Does anyone know if Apple music has anything from them? 




 I personally grow cascade. I had gotten a fuggles rhizome but I lost it in our fridge and it ended up rotting :(

Most home brew shops should be able to connect you with them! 




 Wherever you put them, you have to make sure you have a way to trellis them, or else you'll end up with a gigantic knot.

When you grow them, try to choose the healthiest 2-3 bines and prune everything else that grows.

They WILL spread. We started with a 4 inch rhizome, and they now cover the entire front of our shed. 




 Sometimes. Usually we either brew with them ourselves, or we invite over local brewers to pick what they want for free. 




 It looks like she's saying "pew pew pew pew" 




 Not without training they couldn't. 




 Do they still make all-terrain skate decks? I remember seeing one a long while ago - it looked like it had toy RC wheels on it. 




 FYI, if you maintain a fast walking pace of 4mph, you can walk this in 25 hours. The hard part is training your body to stay upright for that long. Even if your plan to walk it, you still should start by getting yourself to the point where you can jog 15-18 miles at a time before you even start training. 




 I am a man with a dog. Can confirm this reaction is legit. 




 You can usually find pre-owned Kia Rios that are 1 year old at most Kia dealerships for about 9k. I own one, and have about 140k miles on it. Bought it with 4k miles on it. It's been a great car so far. 




 Steel string or nylon string?

If nylon check out Yamahas intro guitars like the C40. They are cheap and sound lovely. 




 Try missed connections on allentown.craigslist.org? 




 I've found that hops grow great in areas like that. Folks say they need to be southern facing and get N hours of sunlight. I plant them in north faces where they get next to no light and they grow like weeds and spread like bunnies listening to Barry White. Only downside is you have to figure out some kind of trellis system, otherwisw they make a lovely tangle. 




 Remember folks, [you can't play Willie properly with a steel string guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trigger_\(guitar\)). 




 The big players are rational. The muppets who trade on emotion? There's enough of them to make some waves. 




 I'd have to disagree. The last time there was bad news about Greece we saw a 44 point drop in the S P, and a 350 point drop in the DJIA. I'd wager we'll see more of that on sentiment alone.

Folks who are pessimistic are going to have cold feet, that's just their nature. The ONE reason I can think of that we might not see that happen again is there's a possibility that those who were going to get out have gotten out already.

I am curious though what this will do to the prices of cryptocurrencies since right now bitcoin is one of the few ways you can get money in/out of Greece if you have cash-in-hand. 




 Ugh, of course it defaults now. After I bought up a bunch of stock today. Now there will be a bunch of firesale prices tomorrow.

At least I can get some shorts in for tomorrow. 




 I almost never do all you can eat, but I would actually be ok with this. Usually I want everything I get but maybe something sits heavier tjan expected. I'd be just fine paying to take it home instead of throwing it out. 10 dollars a pound is cheaper than the grocery store hot bar (13-14 dollars a pound). 




 Data analyst here for an evil telecom here. Can confirm. 




 That's exactly what I'm talking about, thank you!! 




 Lol, funny thing is after posting that, I immediately thought "lol, I bet they're not a man," but I was too lazy to edit (it's a PITA on the app I use). 




 Simple question. Every day I ride the teain and I see piles of those beams, and I notice that they have metal plates on the ends. What are they for? Who makes them? Do yhe beams come preassembled? If so, who makes the beams? 




 This man weaves true tales. 




 Maybe not. Chuck's self esteem could be awesome if Lucy had been killed at birth. She'd never be around to call him a blockhead, rally the other kids against him, or pull away the football.  




 I just couldn't enjoy Prototype. I tried, but the game seems to go out of its way to constantly throw in your face how "angsty" the protagonist is. You end up playing someone you really just can't stand. It's like playing Infamous but only being able to make bad karma choices. The gameplay was fun but the cutscenes and story... ugh.

I liked Infamous way, way more. 




 It used to be EB Games in the US as well, and Electronics Boutique before that, not sure why they ended up rebranding. 




 The problem is, "good cops" don't do very much to stop bad cops. Where exactly were the "good cops" when Eric Garner was shown, on video, being killed by cops using tactics barred by their department? Where were good cops to say, "Look, maybe the Mayor has a point when he has to explain to his kid that encounters with police can be dangerous, we have problems we need to address."? Where were the "good cops" who stood up and said "I refuse to pay my union dues as long as union leaders keep meddling in judicial affairs?" Where are the "good cops" petitioning DA's to let "bad cops" face a real jury, and not a grand jury stacked with golf buddies of the DA, Chief of Police, and union leadership? Show me one instance of that happening. Just one, and I will shut up.

The reason the loudest group of people "refuses" to believe any of you are good cops is because all of these "good cops" seem to be perfectly willing to spend tons of cash to make sure not a single bad cop is punished. Hold others in your profession accountable and maybe we'll start thinking that good cops actually exist. Until then, you're no better than the bad cops you pay to defend. 




 I work in the tech industry, and my wife is a teacher. It honestly bothers me how much money I earn compared to her. I make 90k/yr, and I have a BA  in Clinical Psychology. My sole qualification for my job is being a lifelong computer geek, a handful of technical certifications, and several years of experience. My wife has a masters +30, 8 years of experience, and earns 67k/yr. Even if she got a PhD, she wouldn't earn as much as I do now. She also has tea party folks protesting anytime her bosses discuss paying her more.

I make sure people can make telephone calls.

She is responsible for shaping the future generations of our country.

Priorities are askew. 




 "No Russian." 




 This is such a muddy area. While in theory parents should be able to teach their kids whatever they want, it becomes a problem when you teach them lies and to deny facts to the point that it makes them unable to function in proper society.

Cursing a kid to never be able to succeed outside of extremist circles may as well be a form of child abuse since you are effectively handicapping your kid socially. 




 We had a psych prof who did that. He was a narcissistic douchebag who thought he was hot shit because he wrote a book. I called him out to a dean over it and threatened to alert the local media (with a copy of the syllabus, required book list, and required reading list that never referenced his book). To my knowledge the book was never again a required purchase for his classes. He always gave me nasty looks after that. 




 I can't believe I just downvoted someone for downvoting someone who downvoted someone for liking pepsi! 




 I always have extra withheld.  Yes, it is an interest free loan, but only for a period of 1 year. The fact that the cash would have trickled in means it likely would have been spent on incidentals through the year (as you have more cash you tend to spend more, even if you stick to a budget).

After seeing several people get hit with several thousand in owed taxes, I'd rather be sure I won't owe and get a nice windfall at the end of the year we can use to pay for a vacation or a home upgrade. The most I have ever owed was 50$ to the state. I consider the forfeited interest in the money as paying for piece of mind I won't get a massive bill. 




 Overkill by Men At Work. Freaking gorgeous song. 




 100% agreed. I still prefer the acoustic 




 Not a woods worker, just a farmboy.

A buddy and I made a fort out of pallets in the woods when we were little. We took a bunch of food and sleeping bags out there, and it became our play area. This was about a half mile out from his family's farm.

So we figure we will camp out that night. So we tell stories or whatever it is kids do, and finally lay down to sleep. In the middle of the night we hear this sound.... scratching, snarling, snorting, hissing. It gets closer and closer and closer. We both hear it and are scared shitless. When it sounds like it is right next to us, we both bolt from the fort and take off running through the fields back to his parents' house.

We stopped briefly to check what it was...

Fucking possums man. 




 I get your point, but at the same time I think it's the very same reason why tv show chefs always eat some of the food they make. People like to see that food is edible, and actually tastes good. Food that makes someone excited enough to take a bite before they remember to take a photo speaks volumes IMO. 




 Mushrooms, anchovies, marmite... basically anything glutamate heavy. 




 Bacon fried in duck fat. Because why not? 




 The problem is, people may as well be. The WHO recommendation is that no more than 5% of your diet be free sugars (sugars in things like fruit aren't a huge deal because fiber prevents insulin spikes). For most folks, that's 25g - about 6tsp total. 

A single soda contains significantly more than that. Worse, it will make your insulin level spike to keep you from going into diabetic shock because of your high blood sugar level, and as a result, the excess glucose gets stored as fat almost immediately. 




 Butter isn't that bad for you. It's a hell of a lot better than margarine. Tastes better too.

Lard/bacon grease/duck fat is awesome as well, and is even lower in saturated fat than butter. 




 Interesting, where you use mustard powder I use garlic powder. I'll have to give that a shot. 




 Gotta agree. I make a dalmatian seasoning that I usually use on good cuts of meat: 3 parts kosher salt, 2 parts fresh cracked black pepper (get off yer duff and use a mortar and pestle for this! NOT a spice grinder!), 1 part garlic powder. All parts by volume, not weight.

It's simple, but amazing at the same time. Use it on pork, chicken, beef, rabbit, whatever. The only time I use more complicated rubs is for bbq. 




 You're lucky. My wife knows that this is a divorcable offense - right up there with scrubbing my cast iron or using my knives improperly. There are some things that *simply are not done.* ;) 




 Allow me to introduce you to my buddy hing. You will never associate cumin with powdered BO again. 




 I can't remember where I remembered hearing this - it may have been in an episode of the ATK podcast, or one of the Julia and Great Chefs episodes? Either way, they stated exactly what you just did. A lot of times food is missing *something*, and the salt level is right. Usually what's missing is acidity.

Keeping a bottle of lemon juice or citric acid around the kitchen helps in those situations. 




 Interesting. For me, too much garlic usually has a very bitter taste, not salty in the slightest. 




 Seven for a dollar? Seriously? Like, holy shit. Around here an order is about 5$ and you usually get about 7 total. A lot of money for pizza dough tied in a knot! 




 This begs the question - if you put a clove of garlic in your mouth and keep it there, will your vagina taste like garlic in a few hours? 




 Exactly what I was thinking. A dog escalating that fast makes me think that the dog was scolded for growling. 




 It should also be noted - a dog that is constantly scolded for growling may escalate extremely fast without much warning. That's why you should take growling for what it is - a "knock it off" sign, and not yell at dogs for doing it unless you have a damn good reason.

If you make them stop growling, you just lost one of the best warning signs you have that the dog is uncomfortable. 




 Hey everyone! Basically what the top question says. I am looking for a parlor-sized classical that I can pack up and take with me to the office, on business travel, on vacations, etc. Solid wood would be impacted by constant humidity/temperature changes, so I would be looking for something that is laminate/HPL.

I've looked at the Martin backpacker but the sound quality is horrendous. I've seen both Manuel Rodriguez and Cordoba offer "cadete" models, but they're all made with solid wood.

Any suggestions would be appreciated! 




 Exception is for BBQ or braising. Then you're aiming for an end temp at around 195 when the collagen has melted. 




 Pigeons are considered delicacies in countries like Morocco, and are raised specifically to be served as food. Here, we just call them flying rats. 




 Do yourself a favor - take her to a pig foster group. Most people see pictures of micropigs and potbelly pigs and think "oh, they're so cute and tiny!" Well, they grow up. And the majority of them get dumped off at animal shelters where they end up euthanized.

Taking her to a pig rescue will let her see what they look like after they've grown up. It's hard to imagine a teacup sized micropig becoming a 400lb porker, but they do. 

If she still wants one and is willing to keep it despite their large size, go for it. Pigs are awesome animals. 




 Porn breakdowns are horrible. Especially when the cameraman or director are abusive about it. I mean, I get it, she's ruining your film, but at the same time she is a freaking human being. 




 I always thought it would be interesting if someone could make a strap on that went inside the wearer, and the dildo itself was filled with liquid or gel. That way sensations on one end of the dildo (like contractions, sucking, etc) would cause the other side to pulse and contract. Seems like it would be fun for both ladies. 




 Nor would you want to if it did happen.

Fun true story: when I was in college, I was walking from campus to an off-campus house party. Along the way I got passed by a bunch of freshman girls. One of them could barely stand upright, but she swaggers over to me and gives me a hug. I'm kind of like "???" but figure, "ok, she's drunk." She then proceeds to ask me if I was a football player, to which I respond no. Then she says, "Well, oh well, wanna go back to my room and fuck?"

Notsureifbonerisappropriate.jpg

Seeing that she is questionably 18, absolutely drunk, I lead back her over to her friends and tell them that they probably want to get her home and make sure she doesn't have any guys over.

I still don't know what happened to that girl, I don't recall ever seeing her on campus again so for all I know she was someone's guest. I still hope no other guys took her up on her offer because that had rape charges written all over it. 




 Unless the title has "hymen" or "defloration" in it, and honestly I'm pretty sure 90% of that is just girls who are on the rag.  




 If you have ever been with a girl who is a screamer, it is actually both a turn on and a turn off. It's hot and makes you feel like you're doing something right... until all of your other housemates are pissed at you the next day because they could hear everything she screamed.

From that point on, usually it makes you so concerned about waking up your housemates that you want to put a gag on her. And sadly, not all girls are into that kinda thing. 




 Could you imagine if someone like x-art, fantasyHD, nubile, etc (any of the artsy porn studios) decided to make something goofy? It could actually be hilarious. 




 Is it tight? Of corset is! 




 Fun fact, while the French are usually given credit for foie gras, it was a byproduct of Jewish efforts to produce as much fat as possible on birds and likely came from eastern europe. Forcefeeding ducks to make them plump caused their livers to distend and get huge and fatty. 




 Hing is weird. It smells putrid on its own. But when you add it to oil/ghee to bloom the smell and taste does really convert to something very akin to a mix of garlic and onion.

Manjulaskitchen is a youtube channel/website that does a TON of Jain cooking. 




 Robert Mapplethorpe 




 I guess his days are done :( 




 Ultimately the plan is to buy property and begin a company. After 5 years of residence you can apply for citizenship. 




 YES EXACTLY! ALSO LOUD NOISES!

/cruise control for cool 




 Maybe now that it is a public health epidemic people will start to understand that it is a bad idea to charge the FDA with both pushing the interests of US agribusiness, AND establishing healthy diet parameters.

Fun fact: Sugars are the only nutrient on the nutrition label that doesn't contain a daily percentage as a direct result of the sugar producers of the country threatening the FDA with lobbyists. This occurred after the WHO released new sugar intake guidelines after a large amount of research points to processed sugars essentially being poisons in the human body. 




 Healthy and weight aren't necessarily related. I weigh 210lbs, and am therefore considered obese. Yet I can run 11 miles (and in fact did so earlier this morning), bench press my weight, and complete pretty much any workout thrown at me. Muscle weighs more by volume than fat does. So, someone who is extremely muscular could actually be considered obese by BMI. That's one of the known problems with BMI. Sadly, BMI is the only metric taken into account for this study.

I do agree with you that that isn't the norm, but it always bothers me when people mix up weight and healthiness. They aren't mutually exclusive. 




 *wistful sigh*

Belgium is where my wife and I plan to retire. Things like this just make me feel even more resolute. Beautiful photo. Hard to believe a century ago the same country was being torn apart, isn't it? 




 Does Hulu have exclusive programming now? 




 Seeing some of the recent research about us being in the midst of a 6th mass extinction must really make your job feel... heavy. Keep on doing your best. 




 Chill the fuck out, tight ass.

http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/joke
 




 That's not entirely true. I encourage you to read up on the Belyaev Russian silver Fox experiments. A random wolf would be a bad idea. Taking the most human friendly wolf and breeding it with a domesticated dog that has excellent temperament can absolutely produce a pet quality dog, and there is ample research to back it up. 

Silver fox crossbreeding had pet quality animals produced in the very first generation as the result of selective breeding. The chance in the first generation is small, but by the 10th generation research saw 18%, and higher as more generations were bred.

Here's the applicable wiki article:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domesticated_silver_fox 




 I'm 1/16 Cherokee. No proof because the white part of the family thought it was disgusting and burned the family bible that provided the geneology to prove it. So, no ID card other than knowing my grandmother's name.

No, it doesn't make me "look cool." 




 Umm thats 200%, OP 




 I saw this idea on another sub....  carry a bag of birdseed in your car. Pour all over the cars of assholes like this. 




 Someone who is this rude and narcissitic being removed from the gene pool is a boost for us all. 




 But here's the problem: is he wrong? 

Look how nasty the community was a year ago whenever anyone mentioned that a ton of stuff was missing. No meaningful player communication. A speaker who tells you about all of the things he could tell you about, and yet never actually tells you. No real story. No in-game lore. No meaningful matchmaking. To this day you have to use completely unrelated websites to find a group of people to play with. Guilds don't mean anything. No trading. No meaningful interaction with the environment or NPCs. I still have yet to participate in a single raid because I don't get any thrill out of playing with a bunch of randoms off a website somewhere who can and will screw me over if they get the chance (as posts on here frequently show). No real way to grow your character other than to grind-grind-grind reputation, pvp, and strikes. That's it. Not to mention a menagerie of animal-named errors, no actual meaningful support from the dev (to this day you're told to submit it on the support forum where your post will be ignored). Should I mention the constant reuse of in-game assets to avoid having to actually develop anything new and then calling it DLC?

Whenever folks pointed this stuff out, this sub would downvote them to hell. You know what that tells the Bungie peons who watch this sub, and the forums? It tells them that the majority of the crowd likes the game as it is. They like the lack of support. They like the half-assed approach to customer relations. They like the lack of substantial story. They like being taken over the barrel. After all, if they didn't, they wouldn't be attacking anyone who pointed out the flaws, now would they? Every single person who downvoted someone else because they pointed out a flaw: this is your fault. You refused to let people hold bungie accountable for their shit-tastic approach to this game. So enjoy reaping what you sowed.

Maybe in the future, we, as a community, should start telling people who belittle complainers to knock it off. But expecting humans to learn from the past is usually hopeless. Hell, I fully expect I'll get downvoted to hell for posting this. 




 But... but... don't you know pallet wood will kick your dog, turn your children into satanists, and give you scabies!? ;)

/s 




 Not always. River cruises attract a lot of wealthy folks, specifically because the number of people is so significantly less. I've never seen many wealthy folks on cruise liners though. 




 There has to be a morning afterrrrrrrrrr

/old movie is old 




 One should add, the new console will likely have the minor updates of the new 500GB consoles (lower power requirements, different color bezel around disk drive, 10% lighter weight). So it won't be *exactly* the same. Still, overall I agree with you. 




 Um, so, can I get this, and then have it drizzled with some really good bleu cheese dressing? Or with some bleu cheese crumbles wedged in between the layers of potato? 




 RIP 3rd street chicken and ribs. They were hands down the best in the valley. I haven't found anywhere remotely as good since.

Lehigh Pizza's wings are decent. 




 I have 3 raised beds that are going fallow this year and next while I redo the garden area of our yard. While pulling out the branches/weeds that were poking through, I found at least 4 mantis nests. I ended up putting them in strategic places around my yard and I've been trying to keep an eye on them to make sure they don't get molested by birds.

If I'm really lucky, they'll eat the damn vine borer larvae that make my life a living hell. 




 Really? With Corbett constantly fighting to ensure no one at Penn State was punished? Because it's way more important to make sure that people who play with footballs and their management never see punishment over raping kids than it is to seek justice.

Shit like this is why sports in general disgust me. Freaking Sandusky was in prison a year before Corbett started trying to sue to prevent sanctions against Penn State. God damn disgusting. 




 It's actually not that tough so long as it was powered off. Most circuit boards are coated in a layer of epoxy that prevents water from directly damaging them. If the power is off and the battery is pulled, being underwater would do relatively little damage that couldn't be fixed with rice or any other dessicant. If the battery is in place, it can cause shorts to happen anywhere where there is a junction point between circuit boards that is necessarily not coated in epoxy. 




 So how exactly does that change when you use a scuba system, or worse, a rebreather?  I ask because I've used a rebreather at about 90 feet. They SUCK to inhale on to begin with, even at the surface, yet when I am at depth I can still inhale without exerting much additional force beyond what I have to use on the surface.

I'm not calling you incorrect, I'm just curious how the pressure to inhale from a tube would change so dramatically because of pressure on your chest, yet the pressure on your chest doesn't prevent you from inhaling from something that is already difficult to inhale from. 




 Well, I was about to buy one. But then my wife reminded me that we're trying to conceive, and she can't do cat litter anymore as of July.

So I bought a litter robot instead because scooping cat litter sucks.

One day I'll get that PS4... 




 Oi, you chose the one singular style of music I cannot stand. For some reason baroque music just rubs me the wrong way, and I'm saying that as a classical guitarist. At least you chose stuff with out harpsichords :)

I'll have to try seeing if I can get differing responses from Vivaldi's Four Seasons vs Stravinsky's Rite of Spring. Supposedly Rite of Spring caused riots when it was first played live, so I wonder what it would do with a fetus.... 




 This is one my absolute favorite desserts. Great job OP! Did the interior of the meringue stay nice and soft for you?? 




 Choux're kidding me! ;) 




 That egg is a new one for me. I must try this - we usually make BLT's every few weeks during the summer and it seems like a fried egg would work perfectly. Great idea!!! 




 It is possible, but I'd think it would add a slight randomizing effect to when people would receive the signals. It WOULD give you the fudgy-ness but at the same time it would impact military use too. 

I think we all use the same satellites, but that could be a key point if we use different ones.

Sounds like I need to talk to some of our more informed RF guys at work to get a better idea of how it works. I'm sure someone knows. I'm by no means an expert! :) 




 Suppose you know the geostationary orbit location of satellite A, satellite B, and satellite C. You know that each is broadcasting at 1000hz (obviously not correct, just an example). If you see that you are receiving the signal from satellite A at exactly 1000hz (indicating it is directly above you because the wavelength hasn't changed at all), satellite b at 1005hz (because your position on earth is moving away from where the satellite signal originated), and satellite C at 995 hz (because your position on earth is moving closer to where the satellite signal originated), the expansion/contraction of the waveform due to the doppler effect can give you timing without having to explicitly contain timing information in the signal. You're just measuring the shift in the wavelength from what is expected, and identifying the known coordinates of each satellite to do the triangulation

Note, I don't work on GPS systems, I work on HFC for cable companies using QAM and QPSK so there are obviously some differences. I'm just basing this on what I know - we manipulate the hell out of signals to add extra data. The way it was explained to me, it made sense without needing additional timing data but there could easily be more for me to learn, and I'd love to learn more. 




 Interesting - that goes against the explanation provided to me by Michio Kaku when I saw him speak. He stated that it was almost entirely based on the doppler effect. Maybe it's both? Or it could have been a simplification? 




 Charge for your time. There is no other way. The best is if you have a job doing tech work, because you can then say "Look, I will help you this time. But you need to realize that I get paid for doing this exact same work elsewhere, and I'd really appreciate not doing the same work for free during my time off."

Usually that gets the point across, and if anything lets them know that you are willing to help but you won't be taken advantage of. Let them pay you. If anything, it gives them an incentive to actually figure it out for themselves or pay attention to how you tried to resolve the issue. 




 Slightly OT, but how did the term butterfly knife come to be in modern usage? The knifes OP listed are actually called balisongs. They're Filipino in origin.

A true butterfly knife looks like this, and is Chinese in origin: 
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Wing_Chun_Hybrid_Blade_Style_Butterfly_Swords.JPG

So how did the two ever start getting confused? Does anyone know? 




 It's hard to fudge gps from the non-receiver side. The way gps works is the satellites maintain geosynchronous orbit and broadcast a simple signal. Every satellite has its own version of the signal to identify itself. 

These signals pass through the atmosphere and get distorted due to the doppler effect (stretched out of the sat is moving away from you, compressed if moving towards). Your gps receiver takes the signals, triangulates your approximate location, then figures out whether the signals you are receiving are stretched out or shrunk,  and can then figure out more precisely where you are in relationship to those satellites based on that distortion.

For more precision you'd need access to more satellites, or you need a receiver that has better algorithms for analyzing the distortion of the signal. Both could separate consumer gps from military. But otherwise, military or consumer, gps works the same way. There isn't really a way to limit precision without doing it on the receiver. 




 If I had that much cash to invest I'd split between a high dividend yield closed end fund with monthly dividend distributions and an aggressive dividend earning mutual fund.

Then I'd invest free cash/leftover cash I make into bond funds for a bit until I get close to a 25/75 mix of bonds/stocks. Then just maintain that split. 




 I work for a massive telecom that everyone hates. My feeling gowards google is kind of how I feel about my employer.

The engineers at these companies are brilliant, and almost exclusively are doing their work to try and bring cooler things to market. We work on bodies like the IEEE and the IETF to try and improve open standards. We value the open internet. We don't like censorship. A huge number of us prefer alternative takes on copyright law (like copyleft and kopimi). We love FOSS and contribute what we develop.

But then you have the business folks whose sole goal is to raise stock prices for shareholders. They ignore infrastructure and sustained engineering because it is flashy and doesnt generate headlines. They are almost diametrically opposed to the things the engineers value. They focus the engineers' talent on things and usually keep them compartmentalized enough that very few get a full picture of what the company is doing. That full picture doesn't even have to be negative, but it's usually close enough that one good spin article and the whole company gets a bad image.

Also, a lot of these companies aren't technically doing anything wrong. Spun articles can rely on ignorant people not fully understanding the technology the company is using and its requirements.  




 Honestly, I have seen people of nearly every race/ethnicity have gatherings like that. Puerto Ricans, Greeks, African Americans, Filipinos, Indians (specifically Gujrati because showing off wealth and status is a big deal), Chinese, Italians, Irish folks, etc. Basically any group with strong family ties and a healthy amount of cultural pride. My Italian family has had family reunions with over 300 (happens when your grandparents were all from families with 7+ kids). 




 Replace the drive. You can get the parts for about 15$ and the screwdriver for 5. The wii isnt that tough to work on. 




 And nothing of value was lost.

/r/sothathappened 




 If you were bit by a brown recluse and waited several days, you'd likely see necrotizing skin at the bite. If your skin is darkening at the area, go see a doctor immediately. 




 I'm wondering if he means "property manager" instead of landlord. 




 You need a kitty eyepatch. He would make an amazing pirate cat. 




 So, basically as long as they steal from brown people and college students, no one cares. Sadly you are correct. 




 Also, nailing Amanda Fucking Palmer. 




 Hey everyone. This is not an immediate item for us (we have a first mortgage to get through, as well as a student loan), but my wife and I would like to purchase a beach house for both personal use and as an investment property to rent out when we aren't using it. This would be our first time looking at a second home (wow that's a clunky sentence) so I want to start learning early and give myself time to do all of the necessary research.

Our plan is to purchase the property, and hire a management company to handle finding renters and maintaining the property. The beach is about 3-4 hours from us, so it would be difficult to do all of the work ourselves. My original plan had been to buy a house in the Poconos (Pennsylvania) because I could potentially get more traffic in an area where there are tourists at all seasons, but my wife is more interested in the beach house as a possibility.

Is this too huge of a jump for a second home/rental property? Should I look at getting something closer and cheaper first to get my feet wet? Should I look into financing, or should I wait until I can afford to pay in cash? The goal is, if we have a mortgage, that it be low enough that there is no issue paying if we can't get renters for that week/month.

Are there any good books or reference materials I should check out first? I have several years before this happens, so I want to use that time to make a plan. I am still new to this so I don't know what I don't know. 




 As of now, I was supposed to have the first set of items delivered today, but according to UPS the following two messages have appeared:

* The sender requested a delivery change for this package. / The package will be returned to the sender.
* The receiver has canceled the product order and refused delivery.

So, it sounds like amazon requested the delivery be stopped, and it also is saying the receiver refused delivery which would be odd since neither I or my wife are home right now to refuse.

I was contacted via PM by /u/PurseIO and sent a response to their questions, but haven't heard a response.

I requested support on the site both via the transaction, as well as via their help-contact us, but haven't gotten any meaningful response. All of my btc is still in escrow. I have no idea what is going on. 




 Hello! I hope my experience can help you. This will be a long post, and I don't intend to scare you, but I will urge you to be cautious. I'm not saying this as a parent, but rather as a guy who was made to go into ballet as a child for nearly a decade. Everything I say will be based on my experience. Your aspirations of social justice are noble, but you have to be very careful. Short story: try it, but if there is any resistance, let the kid quit. Otherwise you could seriously damage the kid's interest in the arts, their self esteem, their relationship with you, and their social life. You aren't the one who lives your kid's life, they are. Their peers are too young to understand social justice and gender equality - they grew up in a world of gender norms and anything outside of them will raise eyebrows and be a source of trouble.

When I was very young, I had an interest in the arts, including ballet. When my mom saw me watching a PBS filming of a ballet, she took that as a sign that I was in love with ballet, and that it would be good for me. So, she signed me up for lessons. She didn't ask me my opinion, I was just told that I was going. If she had, she would have realized my interest was limited to "look at the pretty ladies dancing so gracefully."

Those things folks are saying to you about what your kid will experience in the class? It's true. He will be ostracized. He will be teased. He'll be called gay, he'll be called a girl. Depending on your school, he may get beat up. Mercilessly. You will also be turning him into a spectacle as a show of your sense of social justice, so lots of people are going to look, and that will bring on even more teasing. His future interactions with women may get really screwed up because he will be spending hours every week being treated like he is inferior to his female peers because they will tell him that. To the point where even talking to a girl can be difficult.

So what was it like in ballet class for a boy? I would go to a lesson. The first thing I had to do was put on tights, which were uncomfortable, but on top of that, I was a chubby kid. It felt humiliating. Looking into a mirror in the changing room, I felt like I was squeezing a pillow into a tube. This did wonders to my self esteem - to the point where I stopped eating for days because I couldn't stand looking in that mirror. Next, I would go into the practice room. I was the only male in the entire dance school. All of the other students were female, young girls, mostly from conservative families that value things like ballet as part of a young woman's journey into refinement. Being the only guy there, I was immediately singled out, both by the girls and the teachers. Whenever girls would talk about "girl things" I would immediately be identified as someone not to be included in the conversation. Not being physically perfect, it made it even more horrific. So, there I was getting picked on, pranked, humiliated, insulted, by a room full of young girls because I was the odd man out. When I wasn't getting insulted or teased, I was completely ignored by everyone. The teachers were mostly from the PA ballet, and they felt a fat kid like me had no place in ballet, on THEIR stage, so they let the humiliation happen. Hell, they encouraged it by constantly pointing me out in the class about the way "men" are supposed to perform certain moves as apart from women.

I felt like a constant pariah. I hated it. I asked to quit constantly, but my mom used the same "it's good for you, screw social norms, there's nothing wrong with a boy taking ballet" thought process. She completely neglected the fact that it was making my life a living hell. So, I was essentially forced to participate in ballet for 8 years. Jazz for 7. If my mom had had her way, I would have gone into tap too. It wasn't until I crushed my heel that I finally was allowed to quit. My thoughts and opinions didn't matter, just my mom's feelings about social justice.

My elementary/middle school thought it was SO PROGRESSIVE, that they had to make a show of the fact that I was a boy in ballet. So, of course, they made a huge deal out of it. Announcements about the fact that I was in ballet went out over the speakers, I showed up in the school newspaper. My parents would invite out my teachers to see me on stage, who would of course go back into the classroom and parrot to my peers about how it was *so great* that I was a boy in ballet. Life in school was extremely hard because of it - I was picked on, humiliated, called a fag, etc. Incessantly. All because my mom thought it was important to make a statement about how socially progressive we were.

No matter how socially progressive you are, the rest of the world may not match. That's the world your kid will be living in, not the world as you want it to be. Especially not in the conservative ballet world, where you still have to squint to ever see a non-white prima.

If your son has an active interest, a REAL active interest, by all means let him go. But understand that your passion to make ballet a part of his life may not be his passion, and if he realizes that the chiding and harassment are too much, let him drop it. In fact, refusing to let him quit could turn his life into a spectacular living hell that will make him completely despise ballet, and dancing in general. Not to mention resenting your overstepping boundaries into his life. To this day I won't even step out on a dance floor because I remember how humiliated I used to feel being made to dance against my will. Now, about 20 years later, I am just starting to enjoy watching ballet again. 20 years of hating ballet, and refusing to ever step foot on a dance floor because my mom thought "it was good for me." Was it worth it?

So, like I said, give it a shot. But if he doesn't want to go, don't make him. Or he WILL resent it.

**TL;DR:** Ballet is brutal on a young boy. If he isn't really into it, don't make him go. If you do, he will resent it AND you. 









