









 Yesterday I thought the OP and many commenters had said everything that needed to be said, but then my half-asleep musings in the night brought up some more.

He needs to know how important humor is, both in relationships generally and in sex specifically.  In both cases there will be little awkward moments and laughing is the best way to get trhough them.

Talking openly is really key to both relationships and sex.  Being able to say "I've never done this before' or 'I'm pretty nervous, let's slow down and talk for a while' will stand him in good stead.  Also 'I really like it when you move that way' and 'Would this be even better if I were a little slower?'

Without getting too technical and jargony, an acquaintance with the stages of arousal,  la Masters and Johnson, would be useful.

He needs to know that women are for the most part more varied in their sexual response than men.  Many don't orgasm from PIV sex alone and it's unlikely with a girl during her first time.  In fact, he would do well to see that she orgasms first and waits to enter until she invites him in.  Frank talk would help here, telling her that that's what he wants, that they have plenty of time, that they can wait for another time.  You could watch some movies with him with those scenes of ripping off clothes, falling into bed and having stupendous simultaneous orgasms, and let him know how unrealistic they are.  

You're doing a great job and I hope his first time is wonderful for them both. 





























 Start with "Spanish" then "Advanced".  I haven't used the others. 
























 Michel Thomas is not just about teaching phrases.  His is very much a grammatical based approach.  He puts it in context much better than conjugation charts.  









 The article by Ellen Brown: [Preparing To Asset-Strip Local Government? The Feds Bizarre New Rules](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/09/09/preparing-asset-strip-local-government-feds-bizarre-new-rules)

What is the justification for removing all municipal bonds from the HQLA requirements? 





























 They're just playing bookends. 









 What is it you think should be done with poor black and Latino students? 



















 From the article:
 Calling economists rational fools, Amartya Sen observed: The purely economic man is indeed close to being a social moron. 






















































































































































































































 I know this interview is a week old, but I just discovered it and went to post it on /r/politics.  Looks like the bot doesn't allow anything from Salon, even though I can't find any other source.

So is the bot in error?  Could the bot be made smarter so as to allow original content from Salon? 
























 I appreciate the supportive comments but am surprised by the number of unsupportive ones. Some are even condemnatory.

Hard to believe it would have been like this before becoming a default subreddit.  Maybe it's time for /r/TrueTwoXChromosomes.

**Edit:** Wow, I didn't know it existed.  How do I request to join? 









 No help, just this picky suggestion: ~~depreciated~~  deprecated 









 No, because it deals with the social effects of technology.  You may want to exclude the politico-economic aspects of technology from this subreddit, but others of us don't. 




 Michel Thomas teaches grammar in useful ways, without concentratiing on rules (at least in Spanish). 







































 The comments haven't addressed the issue that the exchanges are in breach of contract by not providing timely or accurate information.  What about that aspect? 














 No, I'm just referring to languages that don't distinguish inclusive from exclusive, such as English and Spanish.  I'm sure there are gender differences also in whether a person says *I* or *we* when their partner is not present.  What I'm wondering is if the language used influences this. 




 For example, I leave my wife in our room and go to the hotel desk where I say 'We need such-and-such."  There are regional and cultural differences in using the singular or plural in such cases but I also suspect that different languages may be more inclined to use one or the other.

Is this true?  What is this phenomenon called so I could research it? 
























 Other quotes from the 'conversation':

*  When you write you should pretend that you, the writer, see something in the world that's interesting, that you are directing the attention of your reader to that thing in the world, and that you are doing so by means of conversation. 

*  The controversy between "prescriptivists" and "descriptivists" is like the choice in "America: Love it or leave it" or "Nature versus Nurture"--a euphonious dichotomy that prevents you from thinking.

*  Overcoming the curse of knowledge may be the single most important requirement in becoming a clear writer. 

*  You've got to show people a draft. Even if you're writing for laypeople, your reviewers don't all have to be laypeople; a colleague is better than no one. I'm often astonished at things that I think are obvious that turn out to be not so obvious to other people.
 
























 More quotes:

* Everybody is dealing with how much of their own aliveness they can bear and how much they need to anesthetize themselves.


*  The problem of the alcoholic is not alcohol but sobriety. Drinking becomes a problem, but actually the problem is whats being cured by the alcohol. By the time were adults, weve all evolved ways of deadening certain feelings and thoughts.


*  Anybody who writes knows you dont simply write what you believe. You write to find out what you believe, or what you can afford to believe.
 





























 I guess you and I are the only ones who thought so. 









 I notice nobody has mentioned culling some of those photos.  Selection and organization are needed to make all those GB usable.  Nobody but you cares that you have 62 GB -- they just want to see the exceptionally good stuff. 




































































































































































  We as a nation should strive to be .1%-ers.

And all our kids will be above average. 









 Evidenced-based tips, some counter-intuitive:  [Raising a Moral Child](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/12/opinion/sunday/raising-a-moral-child.html?emc=eta1 _r=1) 









 Check [UUA.org](http://www.uua.org/) to see if there's a Unitarian Universalist community within reach.  You would meet thoughtful, welcoming people who are relatively non-judgmental and also appreciate Buddhist ideas.  









