 But killing him themselves will give them a sense of retribution for all those nights when that autistic little misfit screamed in his cage in the cellar. 




 Nasty teeth, risk of infection. The retard's bite-y, you see. 




 It's not rape if you're OK with it. At least Ernie says Bert is OK with it. 




 Please, Bert and Elmo are embodied /b/. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4D1oDnlRho0 









 Then they took a photo of Bort, posted it on /b/ and wrote "fundraising for life - send us bitcoins or this little retard gets it". They got the bitcoins, all right. They still sawn Bort's head off for fun, though. It was priceless to see the reactions! 




 Glorious YUROP doesn't need any passports! 




 But then they would know you like things, and even what particular things you like :/ 




 That is midnight grammar.  









 The more abortion the better. 




 "SHUT UP OR I'LL SNAP YOUR NECK YOU LIL SHIT. THE ONLY REASON I HAVEN'T DONE THAT ALREADY IS THAT I AM COLLECTING MONEY ON YOU" 




 - 2015

-  OP not using Screengrab 




 He may have exaggerated. 




 Is there a sub for greentext gaming stories? I have read quite a few, but only in their respective threads. 




 Except *the proteins*,  of course.  




 Who says I form an identity over it? I use the word, because it is shorter than "a fan of My Little Pony :Friendship is Magic". Even if I did, i don't see anything inherently wrong with it if it doesn't hurt anybody else. 

And I hardly ever talk about it with non-bronies, much less shove it to people's faces.  




 More like buttnana 




 "This is called effective population control" 




 Draw rainbow bear flying through hyperspace kissing a black hole with a vanilla ice cream cone on top of it 




 Total savage B-) 




 Just throw the filth in the trash and you're OK.

BTW unsure if cum stains or dorito crumbs. -_- 




 Very cool. It shows how slow the movement really is. That makes me wonder, what do the rover operators do while the signals travel back and forth? Do they decide what the rover should explore next or do they browse Facebook and dank memes? 




 AND they don't use timewarp, which is quite impressive, really. 




 Because it was such a big claim, I (who, I admit, usually don't read papers, yes I know, I should probably start) read [this paper](http://www.esciencecentral.org/journals/rosetta-studies-of-comet-pchuryumovgerasimenko-prospects-for-establishing-cometary-biology-2332-2519.1000126.pdf) of his yesterday but still remained unconvinced. 




 Could you give him at least due credit for his theory of stellar nucleosynthesis? 




 I am not sure it would cause mass panic. Sure, it would cause a massive amount of stir, but why panic? Some religious groups would go out of their way to deny that, conspiracy theorists would have group orgasm, plethora dank memes would be spawned, but nothing that would affect everyday life in any way.

I just don't see that much happening.





 




 Fucking casuals. 




 Have you read the conversation below? I don't think they were joking.  




 Friggin modders. 




 In a broad sense a brony is just a person who likes the show and calls themselves that, it doesn't imply much more. 




 Sure, because liking things is creepy. /s

Get over yourself. 




 Nice. 




 Relevant Pepe is relevant. 




 Mountain Dew is always filled with piss, no matter if opened. But only the original piss is tasty. 




 Sweet rig, tho. But really should clean up those bottles. 




 Not so bad, just old and with marks from being soaked with something/spilled on. 









 Yes, I have.  I am a brony, and I know people who have their rooms full of merchandise (i don't), but that doesn't mean they're creepy (most of them are kind, friendly people, who just enjoy it). If they ever do some doll photo op like this, they do it in jest.

That said, there are people who are actually mentally unwell and delusional about their waifus (the word is also mostly used ironically) - I recall one who was **really** possesive about one of the characters and had all sorts of fantasies about their mutual love and was jealous of others liking her, really argumentative about it; was allegedly also physically violent toward his classmates -, but that is more of an exception. 




 I doubt they actually think like that, it's just like a stuffed animal and you pretend to make food for it for Fb, but of course it's understood that you make food for yourself. 




 That doll was supposed to be cute, but from this angle looks like an old woman. 




 I find the first one funny :D

It also reminds me of something, can't remember what it was :/ 




 or /r/TheDepthsBelow  




 Go away, Pao. 




 I know, I was just thinking that such a thing wouldn't be physically possible. (as opposed to some other imaginary network themes) 




 I haven't. Some random guy on FB has this as his cover photo, and I though it was cool. 




 Aren't all world eaters imaginery, though? 




 This is art. 




 I am not saying it isn't. 




 No. Would she use the word "fat" for describing this girl? :P 




 I agree. And there are two more reasons I stopped playing. 

1. I am a chicken, so I played on Peaceful. But on Peaceful you can't craft many items because there are no materials that only come from monsters. (it was more than a year since I last seriously played MC, so correct me if I am wrong)

2. There are so many craftable items, but there is no ingame documentation. I get that it is meant to be discovered by the player, but I think there should be ingame wiki for those that want it. The need to have MC wiki open in the browser ruins immersion. 




 Well, yeah, I guess. Maybe she wanted to show off the booty her uncle is getting...? 




 I don't think people here would mind that if she wasn't fat. 




 What if you're jumping to conclusions? 




 Thanks, I like nice art. 




 Ask the guy. 




 What if it's not her biological uncle? 




 Yea, I think so. (though there are people who can draw photorealistic sceneries) 




 I am pleased that this is a thing. 




 [It's from some movie](https://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/1mlee2/cult_ritual_taken_in_1992/) 




 ["I really dislike math"](https://i.imgur.com/Oqbev9J.jpg) 




 /r/nonose 




 Giants? Titans? 




 oh my 









 And it made me do something I probably wouldn't do in any other game; I let him commit suicide, because he was a monster.  




 Source 

http://andyfil.deviantart.com/art/monsters-432250860 



















 Respectful, yet still manage to be hilarious. 




 That is the point when we become figurative hivemind. It is not perfect, but in a way the internet connects our very brains together. I mean, look at Reddit. It's a fascinating concept. 




 This sub grows disturbing. 














 I tasted my cum once, and I didn't like it. 




  He sounds cool, invite him to go bowling

FTFY  




 thank mr cat 




 thank mr skeltal 




 thank mr skeltal 




 My tiny kamikazi bomber plane Jihad III managed to bring down whole buildings. 









 Funny, I was at HP movie marathon last night. Got drunk as hell. 




 "There is no good and evil, there is only calcium...and those too ungrateful to get it"

- Mr. Skeltal, DOOT Journal, 2015 




 Moondancer = me irl 









 *taking away calcium* 




 Sometimes you just gotta.  




 That doesn't mean there won't be a main quest line. 




 My phone can't display it, though... 




 thank mr. skeltal 




 Just step down and go away. 




 That sounds like what a shill for Reddit would say!

------E 




 [Fuck you](http://i.imgur.com/nseLvhs.png) 




 No, no, no. It shouldn't end like this. The moment there is even a possibility their money slows their flow they cower in fear. Reddit should make them really remember. Reddit should keep going black, at least for several days, so they know the community are the ones with power, not them. If it stops now, they will not learn. 




 Still prefer Reddit tbh. 




 BILLIONS AND BILLIONS

pretend I am Sagan 




 fuck you bot 




 *slow clap* 




 Darker than Sauron's diarrhea. I love it. 














 Pruney fingers 




 Just stick your spoon out of the window and scoop the cheese. 




 TIL 




 /r/MLPBlueBox , /r/DirtyPlates , /r/SkiOrDie , and /r/SpaghettiPonies are now private.

That'll show'em. 




 I actually discovered a few good subs through Reddit ads. 




 Well I am not into clop... Though fully humanized art can be amazing

Btw your username seems vaguely vulgar, like Slartibartfast does 




 *cue dbPony's Discord* 




 There is a thing called defenestration. We Czech people have some history doing it. ;-) 




 This is the thing I remembered first too.

I think if more people read Carl Sagan's books, the world would be a better place. Basically everything he ever wrote was a gem, full of wisdom, challenging the reader to think about their own prejudices.

The Pale Blue Dot quote was my first introduction to Sagan, linked on Reddit. I cried for half an hour. 




 They only adopted gulag, we grew in it, were moulded by it. 




 I love Reddit as a community (and I would hate to lose all my history with this site tbh, and all the entertainment and dank memes), but things have to change. We must show that we will not submit to literal SJW moneygrabbing Hitlers that currently run the site. 

BTW frankly I enjoy this drama and rioty chaos, gives my popcorn a great flavor B-J 




 How much money would Reddit lose per day if all big subreddits gone private?

Ellen Pao and co. should realize that it is the userbase that makes their bussiness go.  




 utter savage 




 Aren't these also real mechanisms powered by wind? 




 I think that either at high enough speeds or scales everything behaves as a liquid. 




 Should've updoote thanked Mr. Skeltal. 




 At first, I expected the Lionhead logo, this was truly unexpected. 




 I don't know why I love physics simulation so much, but this is just so satisfying. 




 What is this icon? I know I have seen it before. 




 It only shows Ernie's compassion. 









 The simplest answer is usually the best one. 




 It could be drawn much better. 




 I actually think he did. Like, no one is insane enough to do *that* in Comic Sans, right? 




 [](/dashfun "butts everywhere") For me the top is still the "OMG! You Wont Believe These People Actually Exist" with [this title picture](http://buzzbeagle.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/sQ3A5vm.jpg).

[BTW a unrelated typo photo I just discovered](https://i.imgur.com/56NTMGp.jpg) 




 Glad you had fun. :) 




 I have read about Magic Boulder and was playing when it was still there, but I've never flew there. I guess you could just put an asteroid in orbit, but that wouldn't be the same. :/ 




 I started a survival world about a year ago, but I stopped and now I miss my old Peaceful world. 




 I came upon that sub randomly yesterday, some of the bots have been shadowbanned, but I appreciate their work nevertheless. 

(   ) 




 Gaben Inside (   ) 




 Not me, but my mom tried shrooms once and saw a biscuit talking to her and some worms. 









 You are a fellow of most excellent fancy. 




 Wtf. I remember the one poster with a safe in a hiding space (in update he heavily implied CP and police involvement), this is just insane.

And who the fuck doesn't wipe and destroy memory cards fillled with CP if they are getting rid of it?!  




 The best piece of advice. Reddit is rabid for opening safes and doesn't forgive. 




 I could, but I am lately too unmotivated to do anything. 




 [I was banned from there because I dared to have a different sense of humor than SRS shill that grows there.](http://www.reddit.com/r/banned/comments/36ahdi/banned_from_rme_irl_because_i_dare_to_have/) 




 I have had this in my picture folder since S3, I think. 









 you could link [the sub](/r/youtubetitties), you know v 




  Umm
[](/dashiesad "That emote is making me uncomfortable") 









 The thumbnail looks like a teeny llama. Just saying. :3 




 So that's why while cleansing BoS in NV without Ballistic Fist I would be screwed... 




 The loaf doesn't care. 




 I like to thing that it is a device pulverizing the debris to atoms. 




 TIL what klick is a word for 




 [](/bpidgaf) I used to put probe cores to my stages to be able to deorbit, but since I've never had any real close call, nowadays I just either decouple it before making full orbit or I let it in orbit.

I delete debris that is not in Kerbin's orbit, though. I think having debris elsewhere does nothing but slows the game. 









 Oh absolutely  




 Well, acquire some. 




 Yes, I call myself a brony. 




 Yes, it is real. And it is not only in America (though most Bronies live there), now it's worldwide. 




 Elon Musk has some serious balls. 




 I think there should be more KSP+MLP crossover art. It feels fitting.

[](/nerdtwi "Two of my favorite things, teehee") 









 Meo... 




 It looks like it panicked

"Eee, how do that :O" 




 If I were brave enough, I could try to wake her up and take her to a police station or to her place or somewhere safer. I guess. Idk. 




  "For the glory of Catan!"

FTFY 




 Now feed me. 




 One does not just go to look to an animal shelter. 




 "No resistance" 




 I think he was like "Welp, I have a cat now" 




 Does it fix my global VLC hotkeys not working in some games? 




 Good night, sweet prince. 




 He could still set himself on fire, tho 




 Eumans 




 Humans are not born with developed bullshit detectors. If they don't know the criteria by which to judge if something is true, or if admitting they are wrong would contradict their deeply held beliefs, people will happily believe bullshit. Consider people who believe even the most credulous things (New Age woo etc...) without equally strong evidence.

People also do some pretty dumb stuff. Even if 50 % of the stories on the subreddits like /r/FloridaMan , /r/NewsOfTheStupid , or /r/offbeat were fake and the other 50 % true there would still be quite a few some pretty dumb stuff people do.

Have you read /u/MyLifeSuxNow's story about his bitch wife? Afaik in the end settled Reddit found out that it is made up when people were pointing inconsistencies in it. And yet, it wasn't a very credulous story, I could totally see that happen. I thought it plausible, so I believed it until other people called BS. No big deal, it was just a funny story anyway.

And it is by no means the only example of me being fooled by a story and it most probably won't be the last. Hell, I even believed some of the more known conspiracies when I was younger and less educated - I think it's important I remind myself of it every so often, just to be more compassionate to other people. I am not perfect.

BTW  with "there is a real contingent out there who literally wants to "kill all cis white men"" part you reminded me of something I heard in one podcast, where the podcaster gave a story how he and some guy with a different opinion fiercely argued over the internet and called each other names, yet when they incidentally met IRL they laughed at it and had a reasonable civil discussion. I think most people would also be civil in such a situation. 




 It's not just about "going outside", that is all I meant to say with my comment. 




 Can you actually offer some reasonable argument or are you gonna keep using that stupid stereotype? 




 wat :D 




 have you heard about balaka and anti-balaka in africa? religious clashes in india? extreme buddhism? 




 I struggle to learn to be more civil on the internet, as there is always someone who doesn't know something others do or who can't recognize something to be fake as well as others. We've all been there.

 




 That's one effing tight edit. 




 Both? 




 Feels were had. 




 I like learning weird English words. I incidentally knew this one. 




 I used to do the same in CoD games, just to make sure there isn't some cool area. 




 All time it's dinner time! (    )

You are a true Redditor :D 




 The cat looks rather like a professional assassin taking photos with their victims :D 




 My cats like to travel on my back. I'm their camel. 




 Is protection the reason you wear glasses? :P :D 




