 Lol, that's what went through my head. 

Oh, cool Capitol Hill in Seattle is all good, then?  




 Seriously, what do people thin nk they can do when a whole chunk of the country decided to collapse in 15 minutes. Linda, you got the extra bottles water, right?  




 So it appears you're a redditor. What was it like reading all the comments when it blew up on here the other day?  




 No. Really?  




 What episode?  




 Yes. But watching an old person eat is far more disgusting than watching a baby eat. 




 Amen I not gay no more. I love a women.  




 That you? Good stuff.  




 Is he actively still living there?  




 Been attacked by yellow jackets one (stung about 20 times) and bald faced hornets once (stung about 10 times) 

Those bald faced ones were no fucking joke.  




 If they are threatened they do.  




 I'm backing out. Stay well my friends.  




 Hills bro. Hills.  




 Explain.  




 The dishes are done, man.  




 I tore his ass...apart. 




 He ordered a chardonnay what was I supposed to say?  




 Responsive how so?  




 Thru aren't being forced.  




 Whos taking custody?  




 I concur.  




 Ya dude crazy.  




 An *enormous* infant.  




 Would you like a hand job?  




 You gotta take them off every once in a while though.  




 not me but maybe my buddy.  




 haven't heard that story in a while. thanks for bringing it up again.  




 Russian Bears. Not even once. 




 when I lived in Seattle it seemed pretty chill...then again I lived on Capitol Hill. 




 *this is rock and roll* 




 for science 




 okay how the fuck did you do that on mobile? 




 oh snap thats the first I've heard. Good shit. 

cut the cord about 2 months ago now and I am totally not noticing it at all. My tv barely even gets turned on unless it's something I want to really watch but I am a solid Walking Dead fan and of this past first season of Better Call Saul I can't wait for those ones.  




 I don't get it.  




 Sheryl Crow?  




 When you scroll using the arrows is it super glitchy?  




 Perfect. 

Beads?  




 The one by the eBay campus?  




 The black guy with the reefer joint by the piano probably playing jazz? 

Come on!  




 Damn darkies with there reefer and jazz.  




 Are they from Jamba Juice?  




 You from Mystic?  




 Stephen Colbert drops his hat in the ring. 

WILDCARD BITCHEEEES!  




 Paging Dr. Herman  




 Jon Mayer masturbation?  




 No, it wasn't.  




 He lost what?  




 Man I miss my 240 




 Jesus did I write this?  




 Same boat as you. Still use alien on my ipad though. Dont really care for the tablet version of it.  




 I started with alien blue on my ipad years ago and then when I got my first smartphone shortly thereafter I went with Android. Been using bacon reader ever since. I just wish I could get modmail notifications.  




 Rip in peace /u/xjtsx for a few weeks.  




 Great one. I think I've watched the gang gets trapped about 5 times.  




 I live in Connecticut how the dick did I miss this?  




 My dad too. It was in 93 I think. Division bell tour maybe.  




 Mulva?  




 You mean how do they give themselves sore throats?  




 So, 9 colleges would touch it with a ten foot pole?  




 Uh I recall everyone in Seattle using that word 20 years ago.  




 You don't have commercials where you live? Sweet.  




 I cut cable last month. Don't miss it at all. THE was really the only reason I ever kept it anyway. Who knows what I'm gonna do this upcoming. Omg season. :( 




 Rape Silly. That's my jam.  




 They revisit that scene in like season 8 or something. Hilarious shit. 




 It's the summer of George  




 How did that person get away with not along a question?  




 Seth Greeeen?  




 Headline News is...on. 




 BaconReader all the way.  




 What's so special with alien blue? I use baconreader and got rid of ads for like 2 bucks.  




 Outlook sucks. I don't get how it can be so bad  




 How can she...  




 Ooh link?  




 Oh, everyone is still okay and able to drive?  




 Great. Now reddit can get back to...normal? 




 How so?  




 Yall loved Alexis recently, right?  




 He was a dentist.  




 what has changed? Explain. 




 why? Do you know something that I don't?  




 we didn't do shit...well we...no we didn't do shit. 




 reason being? 




 according the userbase who seems to know why she was fired because...well...who knows.  




 fairly certain it will all be forgotten in a month. 




 Hi. Is your name Ryan and how little is your shirt and how little is your little payants? 




 crackwhoreconfessions.com?

lol 




 story time?

-USA

We love you. You just met an asshole. 




 your site is cool. 




 a lot of vodka, a low bank account and access to cocaine...on a work night.  




 when he forgets to finish the word wish? 




 no, it's a repost. 




 its a repost 




 I wonder if Mildred will make a comeback at some point.  




 Sea Change-Beck

how is there not a single Beck album on here. Shame on you, reddit. 




 CHiPs 




 I can only speak for where I have lived (which is outheastern ct) but I have also spent plenty of time in most corners of the state. I find it affordable and it's close to things I love (the sound/rivers/kayaking/fishing etc) so of course I am biased. 

It's just in good proximity for me to the three cities (NY/Boston?Providence) and also good beaches in Rhode Island. I've lived from Chester down to Old Lyme and over to Niantic. 

When it comes to crime it's really not an issue set aside some random weird shit.

What is your price range? Moving with wife and kids?  




 anecdotal, yes. Couldn't you say the same for people born with mental issues who go on to do horrible disgusting things to people? 




 ;)  




 When he cries while watching The Notebook. I literally couldn't even.  




 Nobody is there, sorry.  




 It's because they all know he's a sister lover.  




 So Penn and Teller were playing stupid.  




 anyone? 




 explain. 




 This sub is for the TV show Parenthood.  




 Ms Maggie McGill  




 Sea Change- Beck 




 How can she...  




 She just realized she left a drunk message on some guys voice mail.  




 The way it appears to throw it's arms up in disgust.  




 Why is this in this sub?  




 Well see. Getting gear ready today. Blackfish out by rock piles etc, right?  




 Goooooonies  




 Great stuff, man. I'll be out on my kayak in Niantic actually later in the am. Tight lines dude!  




 What's this from?  




 No, at Jamba Juice.  




 Well, how did that go?  




 Or she's in no state to be dialing on a touch screen.  




 Seriously, though. Before he knows it he'll be in /r/yachtrock just begging for some more smooth Michael McDonald.  




 Fer cereal. Fuck it. I'm on vacation I'm actually gonna get out of the house today.  




 No, we do. - CT 




 Or she was a bit too drunk to dial the number correctly?  




 It always feels like...  




 Lol 




 You're gonna try this tomorrow! Aren't you?  




 He gots them bird brains.  




 Fuck you I won't do what you tell me.  




 Pretty sure that's part of his sunglasses.  




 At first I thought your comment ended after the first paragraph and laughed my ass off.  




 I'm a 36 year old guy. I won a 60 inch smart TV from the local news station last year. My girlfriend at the time thought I had won a million dollars. I was hootin and a hollerin like a mad man.  




 What joke am I missing?  




 On mobile and about to pass out. Tomorrow.  




 Witb the dad turning the camera around so everyone would know who was making the jokes.  




 Probably not commenting on a post about them on reddit.  




 gonna need a link on who and why.  




 Am I at a Rage Against the Machine concert?  




 Lol at title. 

Maybe.  




  where are you going?  




 A loss leader as we like to call it.  




 Wait until my truck miles align with my comment karma.  




 No. No it doesn't.  




 Is this the trailer to sharknado 2? If so I'm down.  




 That's why they use cars. 




 aww how cute. 




 That's a lot of carrots.  




 oh man that shit was out of my head you asshole. 

 




 It's like he's never mopped a floor before.  




 nice find. 




 seriously, though. 




 You mean I can take off this hypercoler t-shirt?  




 Put...put your dick in it.  




 Think it's a 5 speed manual?  




 Cool. Sure.  




 Like Atlanta?  




 I'm curious what has been interesting so far.  




 A new position for the gay men.  




 I guess, kinda. I'd just rather not take a side...its irrelevant to me. Claiming there is a God is the same to me as claiming there isn't one.  




 What about me? I'm an apatheist. We cool?  




 Kind of makes me miss Seattle. Kinda.  




 Ya, because all those celebrities weren't just peddling their recent movie/book.  




 Mistreated? For all we know she pooped on the office rug.  




 Why thank you. It made my day. ;)  




 Well, I just moved to East Pattagansett. Cool town. Love it.  




 It's pretty good stuff.  









 Bingo 




 That makes sense. Thank you. 









 I understand what you're saying. I do. I guess what I am getting at is when a person makes that decision to do some seriously fucked up shit like jump off a bridge with a baby, at what point did something in their head snap and go "okay, this is right"? as opposed to when a murderous drug cartel tortures someone who is "betraying" them etc. or when someone robs a bank or cheats on their wife. I am in no way saying any of that is okay I just wonder where it all goes wrong. 

What made you decide not to do something horrible in your past? I'm genuinely curious. Were you born a good person, were you raised right? Were you just a better person for some unknown reason? Good talk so far, yo. 




 It's pretty good. Better than anything else I've tried here on the shoreline. While it's not really authentic they do what they do well. They put tomatoes and lettuce and shredded cheese on their tacos. I just prefer some fresh cilantro and chopped onion. 

The flavors and quality of cooking is spot on, though. 

I definitely recommend. 

Side note: If you like Thai and are in Niantic you need to check out The Spice Club.  




 I don't disagree with you on that's it is all on him. I was just explaining that I believe it's not something people in their right mind does, at least I sure hope it isn't. I just don't comprehend how someone makes a decision like that without some serious mental issues and or a serious drug issue.  









 Mental illness? 

Drugs? 

Nobody in their right mind does this shit.  




 Citrocel fiber powder. Everything is just spilled out all over the place. I'm fucked.  




 764-Hero 




 ? 




 was the rest of the band 3 when they originally recorded this? 




 Awesome scene from Boogie Nights  




 ?  




 It's a woman were talking about here.  




 Love the username.  




 He was getting it give to his brother for Christmas.  




 With the classic little black kid trying to steal a bike.  




 Lol. That's some /r/showerthoughts junk right there. 




 You need to change your front page.  




 I'm just vacation. 7 more days of this.  




 and the fat cats and the skinny cats sheebow yip kartwaytow 




 aww thanks ;) 




 I can't hold this poop any longer pull over.  




 Sure, a sausage grinder would kinda work.  




 You know what a sub is or a hoagie? 

Well in a section of Connecticut we call them grinders.  




 All this talk of grinders is making me hungry.  




 It only dispensed warm milk.  




 in watched the entire thing. I was 10 when that happened so I probably already saw it when it was live. 




 /r/forwardsfromson 




 Was hoping for Clark Griswold.  




 I think the bird is saying cheeeeseburger 




 Fewer more  




 Or everything in moderation?  




