 In 3rd grade we had someone come into class late and their excuse was they were trying to catch a peacock that got out.  No one believed him until they talked to the farm across the street and found out they had just gotten a few peacocks and one of them did escape and was caught by elementary school kids.  
A far fetched excuse that was true. 




 US was noticeably silent about all human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia. 




 I'm home now and just realized my son took my copy of Crime and Punishment with him when he moved out, so I can't check. Time to buy my 4th copy of it. 




 Maybe you should be teaching Christian religion at the universities since you seem to think you have cornered the market on proper interpretation of the bible and all disputes between religious leaders about interpretations can be answered by you. Even within the various Catholic groups there is significant differences in how they interpret the bible. Right now the Pope is getting a lot of flak for his interpretations of the bible and what it means to be a Catholic and Christian. Once again, they can just call you and solve the differences in their interpretation.  
As you may have guesses, I don't care much about your interpretation. And I offered my 2 cents because I had something to say, much like you posting. I think using religion as a smorgasbord is the ultimate act of hypocrisy. It either is or isn't the ultimate truth. It's not something to pick and choose what rules you like. If the Torah, Koran or OT/NT are the ultimate truth. If my religion uses the Koran as part of their holy book, it either is or isn't the ultimate truth. I can't say well this part of the Koran does not pertain to us, that just for people who are Muslims anymore than we can take the Torah and add it to the Bible and say, well this ultimate truth was only for the Jews. No, the whole Torah was written for the Jews. There was no such thing as Christianity when the Torah was written. If Christianity wanted to pick and choose which rules apply to non Jews and which to Jews, they should not have used the Jewish religious book as the basis for the religion.  
I find it difficult to believe that you think all Christian religions have the same interpretations of the Bible. It makes me wonder why you think there have been all the divisions in Christian religion. If they all see the biblical rules as ultimate truths, there is no picking and choosing what you like and dislike. But Luther had his own views and created a variation of Christianity. Why do you think Luther created his division if not for differences in interpretation? If only you had been alive then, you could have solved the dilemma he faced.  




 Not sure what religion you follow that only uses the NT. My daughter is Lutheran and they use the OT regularly. When we moved to Michigan, the Presbyterian priests regularly referenced the OT.  When I was in the Marines, we had to go to church during boot. Presbyterian was not an option so I went to Protestant masses. They also regularly referenced the OT. Other than a hotel, I've never seen a NT as a stand alone book. But you lost me on "The Bible is accurate in all it says." As accurate as Aesop's fables imo. The stories are useful and pertinent to day to day life, but accurate? Not to me. They are parables, like the Jews see the Torah. I accept science over religion and really struggle with the concept of God. IMO it is nothing other than what my forefathers thought of the Norse Gods. It's a way to explain what they didn't understand.  
But I am fine with your believing what you want as long as you do not try to legislate your religious views or nag others for not following your sky wizard's rules.  




 For the DV's I just say: It is useless to show the gold piece to a cat. 




 Confusion reigned and I got wet 




 I found the Penguin translation of Crime and Punishment the best. I had lent my copy out and never got it back. When I repurchased the book I did not get the Penguin translation and couldn't figure out why it sucked so bad. When I repurchased the Penguin translation it reminded my why I liked the book so much. 




 Fast tracking is for the TPP. Since almost all our political leaders are bought and paid for by special interest groups and industry who will benefit from TPP, I have no faith they will do what is right for the public. They will do what lines their pockets and gives them the best chance to become a well paid lobbyist when they quit politics. Preventing Fast Track, greatly decreases the chance the TPP will be approved. I have no interest in driving US labor rates to 3rd world standards. I feel our manufacturing base is what keeps our country strong and provides decent paying jobs to millions of people. Moving our manufacturing to the 3rd world is what is killing our middle class. Walmart and Target do not pay what GE, Whirlpool, GM, Boeing, etc pay. Service jobs do not provide a path to the middle class for 99% of their employees. Manufacturing jobs provide a path to the middle class for 99% of the workers. 




 Or I was raised Christian so I am far more aware of what the bible states than what the Koran states. But I feel the same way about all religions. The religious leaders of all religions have many interpretations of the rules and what they mean. I was raised Presbyterian and graduated from a Jesuit university. I respected the Jesuits because of the way they interpret the bible and their willingness to learn and reconsider their views. Compare them to the Benedictine's who follow a very literal translation of the bible. Growing up our church focused on the New Testament. It was not about hell and damnation it was about making the right choices in life to allow you to have a relationship with Jesus. IMO the OT is a horror story with slavery, stoning people, restrictions on all facets of life and on and on. When I moved from Minn to Mich the religious leaders of the local Presbyterian church were all about hell and damnation and read regularly from the OT. Within a year no one in our family went to church anymore. I did not go to feel bad and guilty about who I am. I went to have a connection to something bigger than myself. I could not follow the OT or take part in any rituals associated with it. It is a book of hate, not love. At least the Jews understand the stories in the Torah are stories and parables. It is a book used to guide people through those stories. While the stories may be interpreted differently by different leaders, the stories did not change. They did not have the equivalent of a King James version of their book with new interpretations. But right out of the gate Christians said the Torah is the start of our holy book as it is the ultimate truth, but this part and this part only pertain to the Jews. IMO it is not different than people now using the bible as their smorgasbord of ultimate truths to pick and choose from. Oh gay sex, that is an abomination. Divorce, meh. And then the whole story of Leviticus is one horror story after another. Stephen King has nothing on Leviticus when it comes to horror stories.  
And yes, for us to take the Jewish holy book, the Torah and integrate that into the OT but say oh this is only for the Jews and this is for the non Jews is a joke imo. Either it is the ultimate truth or it isn't. It makes as much sense as integrating the Hindu scriptures in the bible and saying oh well, but this is only for Indians. Either it is or isn't the ultimate truth.  
I see it the same as what is happening with Islam. Islam is a very peaceful and loving religion. Some leaders have distorted their scriptures into being something other than they are and made it seem like a religion of hate. You can take the stories in religious books and interpret them many ways. Do those interpretations help bring more people together or to divide. All religions have people who are using their religion to divide.  
Oh and sorry for not agreeing with your interpretation of the bible. If you have a copy of the interpretations according to Michael Forrester, please share it with us. Apparently it has the ultimate truths detailed with the reasons why we don't have to follow rule x, y and z as dictated by the Christian holy book just like the original prophets did as they went through the Torah and integrated it into the Christian bible. Oh this rule is for all, this rule is only for the Jews, this rule is only for priests, etc.  
The smorgasbord of ultimate truths. Pick and choose which ones you like and leave the rest behind.
 




 That is what is being written in the Financial Times, Forbes and the like. My comment was more general and in response to thinking it is a good thing. Only the propaganda makes it appear like a good thing. 




 They have their own courts which supersede a nations own courts and laws. If we pass a law that hurts a foreign companies ability to profit, they can sue the nation or state. That suit will not be heard in the US courts. They will be decided by the corporations who run the courts for the treaty.  We are giving up our sovereignty so multi nationals can get more profit for less risk.  
This is about the multi nationals being able to move more of our jobs overseas and bring the product in without additional taxes or fees. This is about the drug companies restricting access to generic drugs. This is about creating a global business environment with no consideration for the interests of a nation.  
Anyone who says this is about us being able to export more is lying and you just have to ask them what it is that we want to export and is restricted to the area we are trying to export to. 




 So the smorgasbord began when Christianity was started. The OT is the book of ultimate rules, except for these rules which don't pertain to us.  Sorry, religion cracks me up at this level. I accept the value of it to many people, but the manipulations of the fairy tale are humorous at the base level. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/music/2013/may/29/john-fogerty-creedence-clearwater-interview  
Interesting read for anyone interested 




 I had to drop XM because they were burning me out on bands I loved with their repetition. I haven't been able to listen to CCR since I dropped XM almost 3 years ago. I used to refer to them as Fogerty radio. When they started doing the same to Clapton I got rid of them. Even at 4 bucks a month it wasn't worth what they were doing to my favorite artists. 




 Yeah, I spent 8 summers dancing and singing at the church of Jerry. It just wasn't the same in Fall, spring or winter as someone who lives in the N. Central states. 




 I train sw around the world and I also like to travel and see museums, the local architecture and try local food. When I am traveling for work, I get to meet a lot of locals and get a much better idea of what the people are like and how they live. I rarely have time for normal tourist stuff. I may have 1 day on one side of the trip to explore a little.  
When I travel as a tourist I see a lot of museums and the local architecture, but I have no time or opportunity to really meet regular people.  
I find they both have their positives and negatives. My big problem with business travel is, if I did what I wanted as a tourist, it would cost me a lot of money over the year. As a tourist I budget for the things I want to do and I saved for the trip to do that.  For business, I can't afford to spend the money I would have spent if it was planned and I could afford it. 




 Subjective ultimate truth vs objective ultimate truth. Picking and choosing your religious tenets is a subjective ultimate truth. 




 The old testament is a horror story to me. I find it highly offensive. I also laugh at how the ultimate truth changes so much as time goes by and which ultimate truths are left behind. Even when the NT was being written, they were picking and choosing which rules from the OT would be upheld. Oh, those were only meant for the Jews, we don't have to follow that ultimate truth from the OT. But that other ultimate truth will send you to hell if you don't follow it. Even when I was majoring in religions it amazed me how people would pick and choose their ultimate truths and which ones had no meaning to them. It seems like the ultimate hypocrisy to me. 




 Leviticus 11:10 - And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which [is] in the waters, they [shall be] an abomination unto you:  
Leviticus 11:9 - These shall ye eat of all that [are] in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.
 




 Thanks for the clarification. I guess I had learned that it was only animals that eat meat that Muslims don't eat. 




 Thanks for the clarification. I guess I had learned that it was only animals that eat meat that Muslims don't eat. 




 No shrimp. That's a crustacean and against Christian and Jewish law. I think it's even against Islamic law. Instead of 20 virgins, you end up with 20 washed up prostitutes. 




 As a bird watcher, I have a 30x optical zoom so I can get pictures of birds from far away and still have them stand out in the cropped picture. It's amazing looking at the original and hardly seeing the bird and zooming in and having a very clear picture of the bird. +1 for Cannon's Japanese made lens instead of the crap being made in China. 




 I just gave all my old holey jeans to Purple Heart. I was imagining someone somewhere thinking they've found a gold mine.  




 Most people treat their religion like a smorgasbord and pick and choose what they want to follow. "I accept this is the ultimate truth, but I disagree with this rule so I am going to do it anyway." IMO It's either the ultimate truth or a fairy tale. If it's the ultimate truth, there is not picking and choosing what you like and dislike.  
A good example is some Christians views of gays, which has little in the Bible and divorce which is specifically outlawed.  




 Yes, Yunnan Sourcing has several black tea cakes. I'm like you and don't really like Puerh tea but I love black teas from Yunnan province. 




 When we visited our Grandma we had our choice of water, milk or tea, so that was when I was exposed to tea. In college I switched to Twinings bag tea and about 20 years ago switched to Twinings and Harney and Sons loose teas. When I was in Australia I tried T2Tea's Grand Yunnan and fell in love. 90% of the tea I drink now is black tea from Yunnan. I think they are as complex as a lot of oolong teas. I also use honey in my tea for health purposes and Yunnan teas really lend themselves to a little honey. I find oolongs are naturally sweet and floral and honey overpowers them a bit. 




 T2Tea is in Australia and their tea is really good. I used to have their Grand Yunnan shipped to me about every 4-6 months.  




 I agree. When I cook fish or something that leaves a strong smell or excessive grease, I use a little soap to clean my cast iron. If it is something like bacon, I just clean it with very hot water and wipe down with paper towels. Cast iron is great for everything except tomato based stuff. 




 That's why I wouldn't even keep them in the house. I kept enough to get through a bad day and the rest were with my wife in her office.  




 I had shoulder surgery and got 80 percs for the pain. I gave all but 4 to my wife to take to work. I wanted nothing to do with those being in the house. I took them for 4 days and then was too scared to keep taking them. She probably has about 60 of them still sitting in her office drawer 3+ months later.  
I've had both shoulders done now. The first time they gave me Vicodin which gives me anger-mares. I wake up spitting nails when I take those. So when I had the 2nd one I asked for Tylenol 3's instead of Vicodin but they gave me Perc's instead. Way stronger than Vicodin imo. Scary strong to me. 




 I'd get them a little selection of the classic teas like a nice TieGuanYin, a single estate Darjeeling like Lingia, a gunpowder green, maybe a matcha and a puehr and my favorite; Yunnan gold. 




 I had a buddy in HS with a van and he had a pair of Cerwin Vegas in the back. I had a pair of Visonik David's in my Horizon and those could also be hooked up to a car or home receiver.  
edit: We have a really good car stereo store near us; Car Tunes, and I would call someone like that. I'm no electrician, but I would think the only functional difference is the power source.  




 It teaches you how to talk to people so they are interested in what you are saying. I took the class when I joined a sales team a lifetime ago. I needed to learn how to speak more effectively and bend the conversation to the topics I needed to focus on. Being a good listener is the first step in becoming a good conversationalist. 




 Have you read How to Win Friends and Influence People by Carnegie? But dominating conversations is not a way to win friends. People like to talk about themselves, not listen to others talk about themselves. If you can find something interesting in another person, it will be far easier to talk to them. 




 I was going to recommend Clive Barker as well. He wrote some of the most bizarre books I've ever read. His stories are great and his writing is exceptional. The sexual content can get a bit graphic if that makes a difference.  
All of his books are really good including the one OG mentions. I also really like Weaveworld, Imajica and the Thief of Always. 




 I really like Steinhauer too. Have you tried Jo Nesbo?  I think Steinhauer has better stories but Nesbo writes better and his stories are really good as well.
 




 Jo Nesbo is my new favorite author. He writes the best police stories I've ever read.  
I also really like Olen Steinhauer. His stories take place in Eastern Europe and are sort of espionage/spy/police stories.  
If you like Ian Fleming's James Bond books, see if you can find Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. They're fluff like the Bond books, but his stories, bad guys and plots are exceptional. It amazes me that they haven't been made into movies. They are far better than Fleming's books imo. 




 I can't watch chopped or other Food Network shows through dvd. Also getting the full set of Andy Griffith, Leave it to Beaver, MASH, etc would cost way, way more than a few bucks. I like old martial arts movies and those are not easy to find in the library and Redbox and the like doesn't have them. Netflix does.  Netflix would have to add really good stuff, like Kurosawa's entire collection, lots of old movies from the 30's to the 60's for me to watch a commercial to see them. Right now, Netflix is pretty lame with old black and whites and most of what I enjoy.  
I guess what I should have said is the shows I watch on netflix are either limited to one or two seasons or they are new shows that I think are crap. New shows are geared for kids and young adults and I am several decades past that.  
And with Encore I have like 10 commercial free channels. They play a lot of older movies I like and their western channel is fairly good. Netflix is a backup to that and allows my wife and I to watch some of the cooking shows we like when there is nothing else on the tube. I did like watching the Dragon Tattoo movies on Netflix. We tried to find them on DVD, but none of the local shops had a copy to rent. They only have the US version of the first movie. 
I get that people like all the Marvel movies, house of thrones (or whatever it's called) and stuff. If I was 20 I would probably be the same. My wife and I watched the first 2 seasons of Big Brother and Survival, so we are not above watching crap either. In our 50's, we've just moved past most of the crap we used to be amused by. 




 I said you can, not that I do. The only advertised shows I watch and don't DVR to avoid commercials are sporting events, which limits me to college football and F1 commercials. I typically run the F1 races 45 min after start and ff through commercials. I usually watch football with friends and we talk through commercials so it isn't a big deal then. But yes, I loath commercials. Our kids could only watch commercial TV if they muted commercials or watched Disney, which was commercial free when it first came to cable. My son became anti TV all together and my daughter works in advertising. My methods created both extremes.  
I also get up at 4:30 am so I do not have to deal with traffic on my way in or out of work. I do a lot of things to avoid things that frustrate me. Bumper to bumper traffic is one thing I hate and commercials are another. I am pretty anti commercial in everything. Adbusters is a great periodical and pretty much presents advertising in the way I see it as well. 




 I use the website to find movies. Searching in the TV screens is a PITA. Once I find something I like online, I save it for later and get it in my list then.  
 




 I have nothing against Netflix. What they offer for their price is very reasonable. Shoot, many newspaper sites want more than that to access their articles. I get my 7.99 worth each month even if I only watch 4 or 5 shows. 




 No, what you said is true. It's all fluff and is nothing but transmitted opiates to keep us amused. Unfortunately, I think most dramas are even worse. A lot of days I come home and turn on the stereo instead of the TV because it has become so lame. Trashy wife shows, lame competitions for dancing and singing, lots of the Jenner family whoring for the tv, stupid court shows and on and on.  
If not for college football and F1 racing I'd get rid of cable all together. 




 There is no shortage of crazy people with opinions. But I feel really sorry for this person. She needs to meet a better grade of males. Not all of us are assholes just like all women aren't. The assholes just stand out more and are easier to find. 




 I like to cook and it's about the only new shows on TV that are worth watching. I wish we still got BBC so I could watch Master Chef Professional too. It had some drama to keep my wife interested and showed some new techniques to keep me interested. On Food Network, I like seeing what people can come up with under the limitations they are given. 




 Not a Walmart shopper, their stores suck and the people who work there are clueless and unhelpful. Not to mention the family that owns them.  
But I get your gist. I do get movies from stores if they are under 10 bucks and I think I would watch it more than once. When I rent though, I have no idea if the movie is going to be worth watching for a buck, let alone worth buying a copy for 5 or 10 bucks.  
I'm getting to be an old fart so most new movies are not geared for me anyway.  The Return of the King was the last time I went to a movie theater and before that was the last Harry Potter with our kids. I think The 2nd Hobbit movie was the last movie we rented from a video rental place. (Actually RedBox).  
I also really like old B W movies so I watch a lot of Turner Classic Movies too. To me, it's like reading a classic book.  I have many Kurosawa movies on my DVR and he may be my favorite director. 




 Local library has DVD's. Sometimes 2 for a buck on old ones and usually a buck or two for newer ones. It gives them some money to keep getting new copies and get new movies.  




 Chopped, Cut throat kitchen, and other cooking shows. They usually only put up one season at a time or if we are lucky, 2 seasons. 




 Except I watch mostly Encore with no commercials. We watch a lot of Food Network but it is all DVR'd and we ff through commercials. I struggle watching sports now because of the number of commercials. 




 I'd drop it if I got ads. The movies are so old you can rent most of them from the local library for a buck or less. They don't show most new movies, even after they've been on DVD for a year. The tv shows are either very old or limited to one or two seasons at a time. I only really keep it as a backup to Encore on demand. 




 I thought it was that creature born in the back of the station wagon in MIB I 




 That's a joke. I'm very liberal in my views and 90% of my DV's are in /news.  




 DV's are fine. I am tired of people wanting the benefits of a group they have no biological association with. The Hi Ho is a Vonnegut hiccup when satire is used that I've stolen. Oh I feel like I am X so I should be treated like X. That's BS imo. 




 We have so many tasks that need to be done in communities that we can't afford. Picking up trash from the roads is an example. We don't pay people to do that in our area and it shows. And I think a lot of trade type jobs could be done within the prison. They need tractors and other vehicles to produce the food they eat. Prisoners should be learning how to maintain those vehicles. Same with building maintenance, learning electrical, plumbing, HVAC, etc. I think there are plenty of jobs within the prison and jobs not able to be afforded in communities, that prisoners could do.   
I believe one of the biggest things we can do to reduce our prison numbers is to quit jailing people for minor drug offenses and other minor crimes that could more effectively be taken care of through community service and 1/2 way houses. I believe we have far more prison beds than we need. Turning our prison system into a for profit enterprise is the wrong path to make prisons anything other than a place for punishment and training for the next generation of criminals. They need to be places where doing the right thing moves you toward release and making bad choices moves you down the chain to more challenging jobs.  
I majored in Sociology for a few years and did a research paper on this. I think the levels provides both an incentive to not cause trouble and a path to join society once they get out. 




 Create like 20 levels of prisons and 1/2 way homes/farms/businesses.  
When you go to jail you're crime sets which level you start in. You have to work through each level to get out. Screwing up puts you back a level. Each level has sub levels. For example, at level 20 you are working in swamps and the like and it sucks bad. At the bottom of that group, you are pulling stumps and roots. If you follow the rules, you can move to the chopping and moving section and get out of the water. Next is maybe the people cooking food for the group. Once you show you can obey the rules at level 20, you can move to 19. Maybe 19 is flattening gravel roads and digging ditches. Each level brings you closer and closer to what you need to do to live in a community and be a useful member of the community.  
From 20 to 11 it is a matter of degrees of how bad your job sucks and how tough it is. From 1-10 it is gradual freedoms and reduced restrictions to help someone learn how to live in society. From levels 1-10 they should actually be learning skills that can provide them a living once they get out. Learning a skill so you can work once you get out should be one of the primary goals of levels 1-3.  
It needs to move away from doing time and move toward learning how to live in a society and community and how to pull your own weight.  
I guess the challenge would be like repeated drunk drivers, parents who don't pay child support, minor drug offenses, etc.  Many of them know how to behave already, they just chose to ignore the rules. I guess using more community geared work for those offenders may have a better impact. If drunk driving is going take my weekends away for the summer so I can work on the crews cleaning roads, parks, etc, it may get more people to think. And the ones who chose to do it anyway, actually help the community they work in.  It may even be a method to spur the community to work together with the crews coming in and making it a larger community event and make those who are forced to work in them, feel like they are making a difference too. The big difference is volunteering for the weekends you want or being forced to work the weekends they want.  Not doing your job to a certain standard means the hours don't count or you only get partial credit.  
The big thing is showing that your decisions affect your life. If you follow the rules and make good choices, you have more options. 




 I can't decide if it is a Fujian or Yunnan tea though 




