 theyre naturally like this. ive always been mocked for my lips. 




 obvisouly. im not gonna color my eyes, i just wanted to hear yall opinions. 

and brown is my real color 




 I found this comment funny. 




 And they're good with music.  




 ive brown eyes in reality, but my gf photoshoped me these blue eyes and says i look hotter. what do you guys think?

http://i.imgur.com/VMjQyyr.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/975OJPp.jpg 




 Because you influence someone else, who influences someone else and so on. I feel like you're valuable to the world just because you influence other people's life, at least one. People think about you. Some probably miss you, even if it doesn't seem like that. Plus, you can get your life together and become an inspiration to so many more people. And ultimately, you can change my life back.  




 Just found this subreddit. Anyways, my name's Daniel, Jewish (wasn't hard to guess), not religious though. I did have Brit Milah, which generally means some Rabbi cut my dick when I was a few weeks old (just like any other Jewish child in Israel), so... yeah. Not the best kind of introduction, I guess. Anyway, I use WhatsApp so if you wanna talk send me a PM.  




 Just discovered this subreddit. I'm sorry for my terrible fucking English, I'm from the Middle East. 

Anyways, I'm 18, been in love with my ex since 13, and never really got over her until this year. I wrote about her, saw her in every fucking song, every fucking girl who I compared to her and failed. I've so many things to tell you guys - how your mind plays tricks with you and makes everything appear more nostalgic, more beautiful. How you're in love with your ex because he promised you a mutual future, one which you obviously aren't living right now, and you think that he could give you that future. 

Your mind is lying. 

Trust me, and if I'd hear this a year ago I would never believe this, but you're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this. You're going to get through this.

I found a new love a few months ago, and I just opened up, and slowly and gradually, I forgot my ex. Yes, after five years I realized I'm worth more than her, and that someone loves me better than she did, so why the hell should I make myself look pathetic and chase her? I found someone better, and so will you. Trust me. 

Once again, sorry for my terrible English. Love you guys. 




 I hope I'm not too late. Came here from a google search, and I just felt something while reading your story.

I see  that you're clearly moving foward, and the fact that you made progress is really great to hear because I'm sure you understand that it ain't easy. Second of all, as someone who called people fat in high-school, I can tell you that these peopel are 99% unconfident of themselves and while it doesn't show when they bully you, when they return home they just wanna have confidence in themselves. 

It's like a nicotine addiction, when you gotta gain your confidence by destroying others, and making yourself stand taller because they usually back down. I, personally, always felt lonely at home and saw all these great people who get laid and I wanted to be like them but couldn't, so instead I picked up on people to get myself confident in myself. I didn't make progress in that area only until recently (18 years old), and you, young man, you certainly did. Be proud of yourself. 

Anyway, don't give up. Continue being a fucking legend and losing weight, live the life you want and fuck the bullies. Don't let their pathetic 'addiction' affect you, just look at them next time they laugh at your face and rememebr what I said here. Remember me. The man who suffers alone and usually doesn't make progress, the man who's so fucking pathetic he needs to bully someone to feel good and confident with himself. 

You're awesome.  




 r/bioshock
Pedro II looks like Zachary Hale Comstock. 




 r/okay 




 Fuck, how did I never use that? Fucking amazing.  




 Well, if it would be the perfect crime you'd probably give it to some maniac in your order to save your five-year-old sick daughter or to find the cure for cancer. You get my point. 




 No, the perfect crime would be putting a replica of the Mona Lisa in the museum, and having the original one at your living room.  




 Makes sense. My depression began two years ago, and it's been getting worse recently. 

The reason I asked you this is because sometimes when you think about the origin of your depression, in my experience, it makes you understand that the situation today isn't as it was back then. Things ain't what they used to be. You're left with the emotions you experienced back then, but if you think about that experience, you basically challenge these thoughts. Hell, you can even replace them with new ones.

I feel it doesn't help anyone, but I encourage you to take some fifteen minutes today to run memories backwards and think about the origin of your depression. Do it in a comfortable enviorment and let me know the results.  




  Like it was a mistake. But for me, a fortunate mistake

I wanna see you write.  




 Nice. I've always done #5 unknowingly by talking about ADD, and asking if she has that. 

[I gave her these 'symptoms'](http://www.lifehack.org/articles/lifestyle/20-things-remember-you-love-person-with-add.html), and usually they go like 'OMG THATS TOTALLY ME', then we talk about her best/worst trait and stuff like that.  




 I think he was joking.  




 true savage

how old are you OP 




 Happy birthday you beautiful fucking bastard.  




 Watch a movie. Play an instrument. Learn to play an instrument. Sing alone, or at least in the shower. Find yourself role models, not just beautiful ones - but ones who inspire you. Read. Write, at least a journal. One which will have your bad experiences and delightful ones, and you can't imagine how uplifting it will be when you're down. Learn a new language (Duolingo). Go for a walk, send me a PM, etc. 




 Can you explain how your depression began? What's keeping it? 




 First comment on Reddit, 119 karma. Neat.  




 Text her out, just the two of you.  




 As I said, everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want. whether or not people are aware of the risks when they smoke, that's their thing. However, you can't blame people who TELL you the risks, without actually doing the drug (that's OP's rant). 




 Still happens.  




 People speak what they know. However, you can't ignore the facts. Would you say smoking is healthy, for instance? You look at the numbers. 

 Each year, an estimated 443,000 people die prematurely from smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke, and another 8.6 million live with a serious illness caused by smoking.

Now, of course, everything is deeper than numbers. Sometimes numbers do lie, as there's not a single recorded death of someone who died of marijuana, but people did jump of rooftops while they were high. 

Don't think I'm an old conservative about drugs. I'm seventeen, and while I'm still inexperienced in the area I think ignoring so many numbers and studies, and basing your opinion on a drug STRICTLY on your experience from it - well, it's kinda ignorant. 

Sorry if did sound like a conservative at the end. Overall, I don't think my argument would matter to someone because everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want. 

 




 TIL one second has one million microseconds. 




 Why won't you? Women find these more playful than offensive. 




 Most Russians these days who live in the distant Eastern towns look very much alike.  




 Why doesn't it show contrast? A nuclear bomb, an amusement park. So maybe it's not particularly for a nuclear weapon but violence, wars, and I don't know what kind of message he wanted to deliver but this image shows both the connection and the contrast between the two. 

Plus, no art, even a chilidish one, is supposed to make sense on first sight. Yes, you can say it's poorly done and it's your opinion, but I don't think this kid should be laughed about for this.

Btw, sorry for any English mistakes. I'm not from the US. I'm seventeen, for the record.  




 It's actually pretty good. Obviously it's very amateurish, but it shows how children are living in a world where nuclear weapons are so common, and it just shows the contrast between the two. I don't know, I think it's kinda nice.  




 Just do pushups man. I promise you that if you do 10 reps every time you go to the bathroom, you'll start seeing difference VERY quickly. 

And obviously soon enough you could do more than 10 reps. 

To eat healthy, you must first see the outcomes of not eating healthy. For example, I noticed every time I eat these salty snacks, my skin gets just plain awful. Therefore, my brain automatically rejects it and searches for something else instead.  




