 I'm still waiting on Dance Mums... 




 Omg, I love that movie. So much. I wanted to meet Max and fly around on that awesome spacecraft. 




 Something like this happened to my sister. She was sitting next to her friend late one night and called his phone from hers. When she called, his phone didn't ring but her end did. A woman answered the phone and said my sister had woken her up. My sister, very confused, recited the number and the woman said it was her number, had been for years. When she hung up she asked her friend who the woman was but he was just as confused. So my sister thinks it must be a hiccup in the service and calls the number again. Once again her friend sitting right next to her with phone in hand, his phone doesn't ring. But it rang, again, on her end. The same woman answered and asked her to stop calling. 
My sister said she felt bad for waking up someone who was asleep, but it bugged the crap out of her and her friend. 




 I know that there was a great deal of spying at BYU-I and it is reported at the other  BYU's. There is a lot of gossip among members at local levels, too. But I've been reading many threads on here as well as fb and it seems other members claim this to be real. People claim to be victims. I'm not saying it is totally true but it isn't outside the realm of possibility. Scientology does it, so why not the LDS church? 




 And yet, it appears to be happening. Oh well, I am not practicing anymore and have no fucks to give about what the church thinks of me. 




 I was hoping, so hard.... 









 Am I supposed to be surprised by this news? Because I'm not. 




 I will tell you, it isn't all it's cracked up to be. Yes, losing over 50lbs is awesome. I went from obese to a healthy 120lbs at 5'3. There are some downsides to it. If I'm hungry, I will smoke and that will drive away my hunger. Some days I smoke all day and clean my house, but totally forget to eat. I actually drink protein shakes to curb the cotton mouth and to ensure a decent caloric intake in a healthy manner. My boyfriend actually has to remind me to eat! Or at least to finish my plate, which is hard because I'm simply not hungry. I have thought about quitting, but bud does help with migraines, my nausea from said migraines, and my monthly aches and pains. As a child I suffered from upset stomachs all the time(almost daily), as an adult I still do. Bud is the only means I've found to help overcome this problem. The struggle is real, my friend.  




 I'm a long time smoker. If I smoke, I can't eat. Food looks meh and if I'm hungry before I smoke, I lose my appetite. I have lost weight because of this but I love my weight now, so I guess it all worked out. 




 Given their history, I'd be surprised if they weren't all over this. 




 That's awesome! I truly wish I could watch stateside! 




 If you have a sibling getting married in the temple, you won't be able to attend if you don't pay tithing. That'd be the only real loss I see in that. 




 I think they care because of empathy, compassion, and the idea that if these things can happen in NY or Ferguson, they can happen in their city, too. After all, police brutality isn't localized to one city, it is nationwide. 




 Do you really think Bethesda would run the same trick twice? 




 I remember this, too. Lots of sites were blocked. Proxy servers were awesome. 




 I remember doing something like that in YW. They closed off the cultural hall and had you make choices of how to get to heaven. I thought it was silly. 




 3rd now 




 Any child can choose to do stupid shit, regardless of how they are raised. Of course good parenting helps, but it isn't foolproof. Kids do stupid, dangerous, violent things sometimes. It is their choices they make. Not everyone makes good choices. 




 It is trending 4th on Twitter right now and rising. If one child gets hurt by those protesters, well, it will turn ugly, real fast. I get these people are angry, but stopping a parade is moronic. They won't get far, the NYPD aren't going to let it go through. I, too, look forward to the arrests about to be made. 




 If you smash it, you can grab it good sir. 




 Can we riot, I mean protest, about this? 




 Good, they can redonate that money to a charity for kids. Like, kids with seizures, or kids with leukemia, etc.  




 Saw it on ustream and Twitter last night 




 Oakland is starting to go nuts. Power to two city blocks has been shut off, and fires are being set. 




 Well, I'm ready with popcorn in hand waiting for the fallout of this. 




 I saw something similar and posted about it. It was very in my face, less than 30ft. 




 I can't play, TSTO isn't available on my new 7" Kindle Fire, but works on the old ones. Such bull. 




 I tried that, didn't work. This is actually the first time I've run into real issues with TSTO on Kindle. 




 Editing? 




 We shall see. I'm not going to completely doubt it. Also, seeing as how neither of us are there or were part of past excavations, it's really hard to know what's truly going on there until concrete evidence comes up. I hope it is something, not holding my breath, but I do kinda hope. 




 I recently got a brand new Kindle Fire 7, and promptly downloaded TSTO but it is continually crashing during the update. I get a message saying an update needs to be made, click ok, and it takes me back to the Amazon App store to download the game. Anyone else run into this issue? 




 Yeah, actually. The finding of coins and tools so far down. I admit, what you say is very reasonable. I just think there is more to the island than meets the eye. Whatever the secret is, it might not be down the Money Pit. But then, we won't really know til further excavations are made. I could be wrong, but it's a neat story. Also, it isn't my money on the line. I enjoy a good hunt, hopefully something comes out of it. If not, then lessons will be learned. 




 Imagine Disney all bombed out. You could hole up in Magic Mountain, see the charred remains of Mickey. Find loot in the teacup rides. Deathclaws could be hiding in Tomorrowland, and Animal Kingdom could have strange beasts that evolved through radiation. Former employees and guests turned ghouls could roam the park wearing Mickey hats. Giant mutant gators and pythons could roam the dilapidated town of Orlando. Pockets of civilization hiding in old apartment complexes. Universal Studios is now Brotherhood territory. And junkies, so many junkies and jet. Jet would be everywhere.

I've thought too much about this, lol. 




 Hey OP! If you would like answers, go ask them at r/exmormon. They will use critical thinking and logic to help answer questions you are having. Might sound crazy to ask people who have left, but they are quite nice and you will find that you aren't alone. When someone tells you to just rely on the church for answers when many things the church asks you to rely upon can be proven false, then is the time to think critically. Any church can bring a burning of the bosom, but facts lead to actual truth.  




 I did that a lot growing up. Last year I realized what an awful child I was being. I planned a trip with my family (even got my sister to fly up) as a surprise for my Mom. Then we doubly surprised her by taking her to a renaissance festival. She cried. She was so happy. Chin up, my friend! One day they may just surprise you, too.  




 I don't think it is all bs. I think that laws and regulations do slow the process. If they just went in and did what they want without permission it would cause a lot of issues. I agree that the show devotes a lot to back story repeatedly, but this season has been good so far. I'm always up for a good mystery! And trust me, I want answers.

In regards to the ama, I see lots of downvoted to his answers. This is unfortunate as this guy seems like a good guy, and seems to answer honestly. People might not like his answers, but he seems courteous and positive. I give a lot of credit to that. Reddit can be harsh, and he took it all in stride, graciously.  




 It's simple math. Just look at the board and count, you will find it =) 




 Cynicism aside, what has been discovered there actually is interesting. I think there is something there, even if they don't find it. There have been some odd things found there, structures underground that are made of non-local materials. To simply scoff at the whole venture is idiotic. If this kind of find was discovered in, Egypt, for example, no one would be scoffing at it. 
In any case, treasure hunting is fun. There is mystery and myth. One day we might find something, or not. Heck, it could be originally a floating island and all those layers at the money pit could simply be the construction of the island itself. Who knows?  




 At a young age I figured out a trick to winning Battleship. No one ever figured out what I was doing, they just thought I was really good. And no, I wasn't peeking.  




 My boyfriend just got it and they took KoolAid man out of his inventory. He legitimately gained this character. :/ 




 But fwwm was supposed to happen before everything else. She needs to be in the Red Room, she promised. 




 I'm sure it makes for interesting conversation with her gyno. 




 You gonna die. RIP 




 Been wondering about that myself. 




 I did, and I noticed it too. 




 And lots of black ops! 




 RIP drummah's sis 




 She is probably sick to death of all the damn calls lol 




 Spill over from r/nosleep.  OP is gonna die 




 Link? 




 OP won't return. 




 I checked. Saw nothing 




 A lot more than 6 




 Which chan is doing this? 




 You're gonna die, OP 




 Hmmm... 




 Has anyone checked the chan's to see if this is b? Or x? 




 Probably not related. Get on a bus and check it out! 




 I saw that too. Apparently the town is basically a no fly zone now. 




 You're probably already infected.  




 Get a life. It's over. 




 He wrote to me. It's a hoax. Lol 




 Lol! 




 So... talk 




 Seriously now, post a pic of your gf's teeth.if her hair starts falling out, post that too.  




 You should name the town. No one will bite otherwise... 




 Post tomorrow about your recovery...or the lack of it... 




 Can you give proof? 




 And what could they do?  




 Text! Find out! Post here with what you find, even if you find out its a hoax! 




 Drive man, Drive! 




 What did your friend text you? 




 Seriously? They followed you... 




 Why wait? Do it now. 




 Post a reply, man. We want to know. 




 Story from an older user... this is getting interesting. Are you posting for added hype or are you serious? 




 If you are serious, go to his house and see if he is ok. Take photos of the rash. Report, with photos, back here. 




 Haha, some people! Go Clyde for calling him out! 




 We will miss ya 




 It almost reminds me of the pit to hell. Old Art Bell stuff. Creepy. 




 I'm not sure if this is a hoax or some really serious issue. I'm torn. 




 Came here to say it was deleted, too. Repost? 




 Do it! If you spot anything, take pics and post them! 




 I would like to see the blogs, too. If real, this is some scary shit. 




 You are probably right. Also, drugs. =( 




 Is this really happening? 




 Omg, what the literal fuck is going on? Three stories... all similar in nature. If I close my eyes really tight and then open them, will it be a dream? This is really scary. 




 No, ebola works slower than this, right? Right?! 




 That is crazy. Those cold mountains and oceans definitely harbor secrets.  




 I am so scared for this kid. I wish he posted his state so someone here could take him for a few days and get his ass to a lawyer. He needs emancipation from his parents. No one deserves to go to a brainwashing camp. Hope he stays safe tonight, and not in the tree house. That is so cliche and one of the worst places to hide. Once they locate him there, and they easily will (whether or not his friend rats him out) he will be trapped. There will be no where to go but down into waiting restraints of goons and a long drive to Utah or Idaho *shudders* 




 They will put him out with meds, so he won't struggle. He needs to leave before they show up. As for taking a plane? They will drive him to their facility. 




 I agree, sleeping in a tree house will be the first place they'll think to look. You really need to find an adult who can harbor you for a while. Have them take you to a lawyer asap. This is no joking matter and shouldn't be taken lightly. Omg if I knew you, I'd help you. What your folks are doing is criminal and abuse. But don't stay at the tree house, you will be found. 









 Or street sweeping? 




 Thanks. I haven't started yet, but I do own a wonderful SW, SSB, Longwave, AM/FM radio. Something about being able to listen to the world has always fascinated me since I was little. The waves just floating through the air, needing an ear to listen. One day I decided I wanted to put out my own waves for others to hear. Someday that will be a reality for me. Thinking about it makes me smile. Maybe that sounds corny but it is so neat. It's wonderful to know it isn't dying out. So no, I won't let that guy get me down! I know one day when I am older someone will look to me for knowledge and support. I will recall that some won't help because they are crotchety and grumpy. I will take my time and help them.   




 I have to agree. I am interested in ham radio but not if people are going to judge me for it. Everyone has to begin somewhere and seeing that I have the potential to get hate instead of help, that's a big turn off. 









