 My bad. Deleting... 



















 My mom? 




















































































 Are you serious? I did understand that as a joke. 

















































 Summary agreed. 




 [Relevant](https://youtu.be/Zd7WBUj8PAs) 


































 Thanks! 












































 A team from the RIKEN Center for Emergent Matter Science, along with collaborators from several Japanese institutions, have successfully produced pairs of spin-entangled electrons and demonstrated, for the first time, that these electrons remain entangled even when they are separated from one another on a chip. This research could contribute to the creation of futuristic quantum networks operating using quantum teleportation, which could allow information contained in quantum bits-qubits-to be shared between many elements on chip, a key requirement to scale up the power of a quantum computer. The ability to create non-local entangled electron pairs -- known as Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen pairs -- on demand has long been a dream. 



















 1. There Are Ads  Apple never mentioned this and youd be surprised considering how rich it is, but occasionally little promotional messages like Beats 1 is made possible by American Express play on the air.

2. The Music Selection Is All Over The Place  Hardcore drumnbass dance music is immediately followed by serene singer/songwriter crooning, followed by loud and jangly rocknroll. Youll need very eclectic tastes to enjoy all of it.

3. Zane Lowe Loves The Sound Of His Own Voice  The London DJ whos the face of Beats 1 frequently talked over the songs he played, dropping the brand name, excitedly cheering on his own selections, mentioning tour dates, or repeatedly reminding users that Beats 1 is WORLDWIDE!. Twitter has flooded with complaints about his interruptions.

4. Song Will Be Censored  Apple wants to keep Beats 1 family-friendly. So even when it dropped a song by Apple SVP Dr. Dre, it aggressively bleeped out objectionable words or whole lines. 














 Holly shit man 









 "Voc est demitido!" 





























 http://www.supremecourt.gov/orders/courtorders/062915zor_4g25.pdf 




 Suggest one. 



















