 http://imgur.com/JnoTwpX 




 thank you. good god, fans are never satisfied or even understanding of players sometimes. it's only day 4 of free agency. calm down. he's gonna sign, just after he gets what he wants/feels he deserves. players need to get as much money as they can, while they can. playing career is fleeting 




 WHY DO THESE TEAMS NEED SO MANY POWER FORWARDS 




 you right 




 I know... in trying to hold out hope for him as long as I can. not workin out tho 




 I don't know man. shits tragic. dudes gotta find a way to be proud of their work without thinking everything they do is the greatest thing since sliced bread. stick to your lane  




 we already have a solid player there at all times. where we do not have that is at the guard position. therefore, priority number one. 

also, Spurs aren't trading patty.  




 D': don't do that to me man 




 Kawhi is overrated. Unpopular opinion. I accept the downvotes that come with it 




 I retract my comment. said that after 6 songs. liked em all. don't remember liking the first six songs of a Wayne album. jumped the gun. 

I am dumb 




 Watching Lebron James first playoff appearance and subsequent game winning layup on the Wizards. Die hard Lebron James follower ever since and basketball is my one true love 




 no + no 




 is there a point here? or just a statement about years past, instead of the one coming up 




 is this a real thing? "working on his handles and jumper... just like literally every other basketball player in the world. let's see how it plays out" 




 I'm just gonna put on MOTM2 and pretend like it's 2011 again. I miss you, old cudi 




 yeah, just spark up a blunt and turn that on. if you didn't like it before, guarantee your opinion will change after that 




 nah. he said its on MOTM3 




 we would have like 6 bigs and 3 guards that are actually playable. I think a pg is a much higher priority  




 this is my fav weezy album of all time. already. sheesh 




 /r/hiphopheads please come back :'( 




 oh... whoops  




 Exactly. They said they're working on other deals now. I'm assuming that means they're more pressing issues and TT isn't a flight risk. Same with JR, essentially done deals but don't need to be worried about at the moment. No worries, fellas.  




 Their*. Silly scientists, learn how to spell  




 I just wanna know what Pop said about himself also leaving when Timmy does... isn't that what he's been saying he's gonna do all along? "yeah Lamarcus, you'll take over for Timmy when he leaves.. but you'll also be given a new coach with a potentially new system, an old and broken Tony Parker, and a bunch of old foreign guys who don't have a lot of time left. sound good?" 




 agreed. only place I maybe see him going is home, but him and Brodie Westbrook don't wanna break up yet so idk 




 Nothing will happen until you get the human cancer that is Dion Waiters off the squad.  




 http://imgur.com/5qicM0z 




 I just want Lebron and Pepsi to hook up so he can join uncle drew and Wes on the court.  




 Yeah, I met him at a camp there a couple years ago. Really cool dude. Hope he gets a shot 




 He's from Dallas. My high school coach played with him in high school. Always said he was the smartest guy on the team. Which is high praise coming from that arrogant son of a bitch 




 100%. I respect your animosity. http://imgur.com/2VXTqPd 




 I think I speak for everyone when I say, good.  




 Dude. just stop. it's not going to happen. you're not going to make "steelers" happen in a Cleveland sub. you have a better chance of curing cancer 




 Cavs sub, therefore, respect must be maintained at all times. Our NFL loyalties might be different, but our Cavs fandom binds us. One goal, All In.  




 oh hell yeah! it's been buggin me for a while now 




 I personally don't think he did it. The chick basically said so later. Was for money. but anyway, bruh needs to chill 




 Yo, chill.  




 Steeler by birth, Cav by heart. Please, accept me and all my flaws  









 agreed! I'd love for him and Logic to go back and forth on a track 




 Yeah, fuck having to put a chick on every damn song. just lay down some bars on a beat and be done with it. it doesn't have to appeal to the radio listener all the time.  




 Impossible. Deron Williams, Joe Johnson, and Derrick Rose still play in this league 




 but you don't know how many games he has left. no one does. his career could end tomorrow. you have to make as much money as you can while you can in professional sports because one day you'll be done. and you won't be in your 60s like everyone else when you retire. you have to make money and make it last. 

I will never fault anyone for actively trying to make more money. that's how the world works.  




 he wasn't on the winning team this year..? I don't see your point  




 That's not the nature of the business though. You never know when your career could be over and you won't have the ability to earn money from that job ever again. And especially when other teams/employers are willing to pay you more for your services. It's about maximizing your ability to earn for your family 




 that's not on the line. that was on the line a month ago when actual games were being played. this is the off season, where you negotiate with potential employers about the monetary worth of the skills you provide. after this part is out of the way is when the stuff that makes you remembered starts.  




 that's idiotic 




 I disagree. I think it's always the right decision whether you get more or not. you maintain the leverage by opting out 




 this is just dumb 




 but he isn't running away. just because he feels he can earn more money by opting out doesn't mean he doesn't also want to experience those emotions 




 Is it time for a Tea Party pt. 2? 




 Oh god... that Lebron money O.O 




 more money. I don't understand why everyone is freaking out. if you had an opportunity to negotiate your way into and extra 4 million dollars, you would too. it's not a difficult concept to grasp 




 It'll change when they get rid of Jeanie  




 it's not about cockiness...? it's about maximizing your earning power for as much as possible. it's a good business decision  




 nah I was generalizing 




 Dr. Braun in Lindale Texas.  




 and you too, sir  




 can you even comprehend how much money chemotherapy makes a year for the U.S.? it's absolutely insane. why would our government give up that cash cow? especially with the absurd debt we're currently in. 

this is no conspiracy theory. this is reality.  




 the Hippocratic oath isn't a thing anymore. they did away with that years ago. and while I tend to agree that human beings in their nature are kindhearted, that doesn't take away from the fact that this happens a lot more than people realize. the doctor might not deem it important enough to tell you about at that time so you just leave thinking you're fine. when in reality, he sees the beginning of something forming and "just doesn't want to scare you" even though it is treatable at that time. but they wait until they absolutely have no choice but to try to help. making the most money they can in doing so. 

I just don't trust anyone  




 just like with any company or workplace, not everyone is in it for the money. there are obviously people who actually care. but as a whole, the medical industry is about money.  




 not even a little bit 




 you need to ask more questions 




 Nobody knows. No one asks. Once their told "you're fine" people go on their merry way. 
I know a doctor who used to study under a cancer specialist in California. she said that this guy unlocked the cure for cancer in the pancreas of a pig. had years of studies and proof that it worked, and once the guy tried to publish a work or whatever it's called on it, guy gets taken out and his place gets ransacked. coincidence? curing disease and helping people doesn't make money and the government knows it. all I'm saying is, if it is government mandated that everyone get vaccinated, in today's corrupt governmental system, I want no part of it. and, the medical industry is just as corrupt as the government under which it serves. 

I just don't trust anybody, man 




 it's not about protecting your kids for them. it's only about money. if you went and got an MRI today, more than likely they'd tell you everything's fine. when in reality, you could have a treatable problem forming inside that won't manifest for 6+ months. why don't they tell you? because treating/curing it doesn't make as much money as waiting until it manifests and then trying to control it. 

it's all about money. always has been, always will be.  




 false. you know anyone with a Mercury allergy? that little bit can give them health issues that you couldn't imagine.  




 except it is 




 What may be worse than that is actually trusting doctors who make more money when you get vaccinated. Only reason doctors want it is for the pay day 




 KD day dreams about em at the free throw line so you know they gotta be the shizz 




 WILL I STILL TALK NOISE ALL DAY TO REFS AND NEVER GET A TECH? YEEAAUHP 




 later in the video it brushes its teeth.  




 her snapchat stories are both insanely hot and insanely annoying. too much promotion of products, not enough titties 




 yeah I know! I just never talk to players during the season and then when it's contract time, I use all my "hometown discount" and "win a ring" pitches I have saved up to get em haha 




 By responding, you too are an angry little person who feels the need to have the last word. Also, deflate the size of your ego a little bit and maybe realize that your OPINION isn't fact. 

Stay... whatever it is you are.  




 MyGM! Can't change those contracts in that one haha 




 100%. he's my preseason favorite for ROY 




 I didn't offer him the max in 2k. He didn't pick me. So I'd say yes 




 Spell check got me there. But you used "there" when you should have used "their", forgot the "e" in "use", didn't punctuate that whole sentence properly either, you used "then" when you should have used "than", and you said "as" instead of "has".  So you don't get to call me an idiot either, jackass. 

And as for all the BS proclamations you declared fact, you're wrong. It's actually not true that he juiced in high school. That's a myth. He didn't lose a lot of weight because of steroid use or whatever the fuck you're trying to say (you need help on sentence structure because you make no sense sometimes), he lost weight because of all the things in his DIET he cut out. He was trying to be quicker and lighter on his feet, as he has said many times, and at the beginning of the season didn't feel like himself, as he has said many times, so he switched back to his old meal plan and workout routine to start gaining weight back. Thus, all the back and knee problems coming out of nowhere because he was doing what he usually does in the summer, during the season. Therefore, he took a 2 week break to heal from his injuries and came back fresh. 

Ignorant people who assume the only way an athlete can be good at something is by using steroids or performance enhancers just really suck. It's possible, believe it or not, that you can realize your full potential by eating right, taking care of your body, and working hard. I know, foreign thought right? 




 It's insane how idiots some of you guys are. Having a personal chef who only feeds you the healthiest of meals 6 times a day year round goes a long way, guys. Not necessary to assume steroids are involved.  




 I find it adorable that you think a guy is on PED'a just because he's better than everyone else. Can't just be great on his own? 














 I just want an NBA version of Hard Knocks. That would be the shit 




 U-Kendrick 




 Mudiay will handle the professional transition better because he played a year in China, he's a faster player in general with a more NBA ready body... I think it's a fair proclamation.  




 exactly. that's what makes the song so great. feels like a criticism of white culture and their behavior and mentality towards the black community until you get to those last couple lines and realize, oh shit, he callin out everybody. 

sorry to interrupt. just really like that song lolol 




 gimme gimme gimme. been itchin to play Mario Sunshine for a minute  




 Also, number 25 in college.  




 sshhhhhh 




 WHERE ARE ALL THE TRADES??? IM DISAPPOINTED.  




 I just wish Nolan woulda grabbed him to be the Riddler in one of the Dark Knight films. Woulda been a little strange, I know, but in that setting he coulda been just as dark as Heath Ledgers joker was. woulda been cool 




 Oh Minka my lawd 




 What if I told you, Annakin Skywalker and Lebron James had the same story arc? Chosen One, leaves for the dark side, returns to do what was always his destiny.  




 we actually do. he said as much a few weeks ago 




 Nah man. Lebron showed his dick to America a week ago. nothing can top that 




 I love Andy as much as the next guy, but my god that contract is brutal. I know it's off topic, but damn if that was lower it would help a lot.  




 how much is it and where can I get it 




 No. He'll never take less than the max ever again.  




 MyGM on 2k. got that bomb ass Cavs dynasty goin and it's helping pretty well 




 album art es muy bueno 




 His son brought a championship to Cleveland before he did... salty 




 You're right, not the same situation. I just think the risk is there with him. I sure hope he comes back to full strength. Games not the same without him 




