 wtf Hull are in the premiership 




 I snotted 




 Cheers. I was interested in seeing the whole game to look at tactics and the like. Will check out the goals here anyway! 




 ok thanks for the heads up 




 Rights that it I'm reporting you 




 Progress breeds progress? 









 Every day, chip away 




 Dart is awesome because the games are so short. And they're so talented it's crazy. The crowd go mental the whole time wearing funny hats and getting pissed and the players are just *ftt ftt ftt* 




 Mmmmicchaaellllll!!!! 




 St Stephen's Tower 




 wikihow 




 Nice Porsche Engineering sticker! 




 This is terrifying 




 Any examples to further explain this?  




 For some reason I'm annoyed that the girl doesn't say thanks. The mother does, I feel like she should have asked her child to say thank you.  




 does she break her left arm? 




 yay lets bomb insurgents  




 hope op comes through 




 Haha looks thick as pig shit, she's a cutie though 




 Haha there's a running joke in my family that True Lies is on tv EVERY new year's eve and EVERY easter sunday. But it's not really a joke because that's the only time it's on tv. 




 When my sister was 4 she insulted a family friend by saying, "YOU APPLE-HEAD!" 




 Iniesta ran the wrong side of the ref, he would have been able to cut that out if he ran to the right of him.  




 I watched that about 30 times  




 Dude me too, my dream is to be a house-husband 




 Your comment made me go "hur-hur!" like a caveman but I'm on my own so it's ok.  




 Song Cry is a masterpiece. The emotion Hov generates make this one of those songs you listen to on a rainy walk through the city thinking about old friends and girls gone past.  

-  "We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather, now we fly first class to change the forecast."

- "We was on the block since free lunch, we shoulda been together eatin' Four Seasons brunch"

- "They say you can't turn a bad girl good, but once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever, I mourn forever, shit I've gotta live the fact I did you wrong forever."

U Don't Know is a masterpiece. His braggadocious lyrics walk us through his gang-banging beginnings and his rise to the top. I get so pumped listening to this track, makes me want to put on a tux and sell crack in a police station.

- "One million, two million, three million, four, five years later, forty million more." 

- "Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I triple my worth"

- "I'm rapin' Def Jam till I'm the hundred million man."

- "I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell, I am a hustler baby, I sell water to a well."

Heart Of The City is a night-time driving song, a street-beating, atmosphere -soaking, big-pimping classic. The instrumental on its own is a classic. 

- "Young fucks spitting at me, young rappers getting at me, my nigga Big predicted the shit exactly, mo money, mo problems gotta move carefully, cos faggots hate when you getting money like athletes."

- "But the only thing running is numbers fam, Jigga held you down six summers; damn, where's the love?"

- "Ain't no love in the heart of the city, ain't no love in the heart of town"

Shit this album is straight bangers all the way through and Hov's lyrics and flow really take you on a journey. It gets me so excited for... I don't know. The future? The past? You'll be rapping to this for months afterwards without even realising. The Blueprint is what made me fall in love with Jay-Z.  




 Im the foot fuckin' Masta!  




 Thanks! 




 Thanks OP, any links? 




 Say What's Real and Ignant Shit are played endlessly 




 Not quite the same but recently I met some guys from
England and there were lots of foreign people there too. They would occassionally slip into a high-pitched Geordie (Newcastle, England) accent so they couldn't be understood by non-native English speakers. 

There was an American girl there who said she couldn't understand them when they spoke like that. One of the guys turned to the other and said in high-pitched Geordie, "She's got a right set of bangers on her!". 

She totally understood that time.  




 On my days off I love going to a cafe and having breakfast and coffee.  




 Dude this is the kind of stuff dreams are made of 




 *Wily 




 anyone got the tape 




 BALD STEEL! 




 Yeah it's great, mental too 




