 I didn't submit it to pics this is r/funny 




 It's been claimed already but I appreciate the interest! 




 You totally would 




 If it gives a few people a chuckle I've accomplished my goal 




 Check out my website! http://www.train_subject6359.com 




 Check out my website! http://www.studioRalu.com 














 Someone who plays a big part in AMAs got fired and the admins didn't even let the mods know it was going to happen so a bunch of subs went dark to protest how the admins don't care about the mods. 




 I have a hard time rolling over to pick up my phone. I can't imagine actually standing up  




 As soon as I looked at it, I thought "sockem boppers." 




 I have no science to back this up but I always keep my stomach sucked in because I firmly believe that if you don't keep your transversus muscles busy, you'll get a beer belly. 




 Alcoholism 




 I caught mewtwo with a pokeball. He was burned and the last burn brought him down to his last shred of life. It was good bc I hadn't saved beforehand and I wasted my masterball on snorlax. 




 More specifically a lot of floor space 




 Some kind of nature. Some kind of soul. 




 We will not be going dark. While I support the rest of the mods wholeheartedly, I don't think this sub is big enough that it would even matter. Enjoy the tingles folks :) 




 None of those are large words if you're reading above a 3rd grade level... 




 We're all Spartacus 




 That short hair though

EDIT: I meant that in a good way as in I like the short hair. Poor phrasing. 




 I'm not a religious man but sometimes little blessings like this make me wonder. 




 People who forget to check what sub they're in. I thought this was r/funny til I read the comments 




 This guy knows. Literally this. 




 I'm just yanking your chain. This is definitely the best advice you can give a young person. But in my case I've been all over the world already and after 30 years of school I'll be looking forward to some good old fashioned materialism. 




 As someone who lives in a place with snow half the year and temps below 0, fuck my life 




 Driving home in an F type or a z06 would bring tears to my eyes followed by years of happiness too though 




 Is it supposed to be slenderman 




 I've sold a few paintings on reddit and I wanted a new username that would match my email and website. Too lazy to switch back and forth between accounts so I just don't use the old one. The 3rd was a novelty account. 




 Also where is your spare key hidden? 




 When I'm out of school im going to spend 80k on a new car and there's not a god damn thing you can do about it 3 




 Probably on the driveway. As awesome as this is, I'd feel selfish evicting my car 




 You are an adult now so you can't blame your parents anymore. Go on r/fitness it's amazing what you can accomplish in just a couple months. 




 I've been here for more than 5 years in my other accounts and it was the same then as it is now. 




 I was JUST saying to my friend how I've never had a desire to own an army green car until I saw a c7 wearing it in the Chicago burbs 




 That's what I figured but I thought there was a funnier explanation haha 




 Explanation? 




 I use c.t.o.mf

"Check this out, motherfuckers" 




 I guess you could call them tan but the one in the pic is the same color as mine regardless 




 If I were you I'd use flatworm exit right away. They got so bad in mine it was such a nightmare. Those same little red ones. 




 a squirrel who turned on me

Did the squirrel have sex with your wife? Same thing happened to me bro 




 I suppose you're right 




 I started black and white because paint is expensive and I couldn't be bothered to mix colors :p but it fits the subject matter of my paintings pretty well so I stuck with it. A style itself is kind of just a function of how your mind naturally works. Happens on its own. Glad you like them!

Edit: also check out Simon Stlenhag's work 




 No need to be a jerk. So many people in this thread complaining about people downvoting opposite opinions and then simultaneously doing exactly that.  




 I loved bouncing. My bar used to have a line around the block on Thursdays. Never a dull moment. Also I used to make bank off of bribes :) 




 Keep ya pimp hand strong homeboy 




 It's weird I tried to cultivate mojos in mine because I liked how they clustered at my lfs. People say they are pests but they took ages to grow  in my tank and mostly kept to themselves. 




 No need to use bleach just use hot fresh water. But make sure to rinse the crap out of it after or it will give you a N spike 




 There's nothing to get just use your imagination. 




 Your analogy only works if you assume that I don't already know the time and the person asking me is showing me a watch with a blacked out face and expecting me to be able to read it. 




 You don't need knowledge, vocabulary, or an SLR to realize that if we can't see it then we can't ID it. 




 Stop stop I wasn't ready. Can you start over 




 When you want to look like you 6 mm tall and drive a hotwheels 




 I don't know why but i imagine him laughing with a French accent. Oh hohohohohoho 




 If someone asks for an ID and its a blurry, unlabeled picture of rocks, im downvoting it.  




 Don't tell him what to do. 




 Poetry. 




 Thanks man! I have a summer job atm so I actually just lowered all the prices. Good timing! 




 I started a year and a half ago. I think you're thinking of "I speak for the trees." that guy had been doing that in a lot of subreddits so the mod and I ended up getting him IP banned ;) 




 It's more than some pretty face beside a train  




 yep! 




 Samurai Jack had some of the coolest ideas. Im sure they subconsciously find their way into my art! 




 Hahaha I like your interpretation the best 




 Not exactly a fan but I like what I've heard from them. And triangles are my favorite shape too 




 I think I would poop my pants if they used my art 




 Any time. Keep it up! 














 Acrylic on canvas. Creepier stuff at http://www.train_subject6359.com. Thanks for looking :) 









 thanks :) I was going for a "where the wild things are" vibe 




 Hey you. Glad to see you finally posted this! Told you theyd like it ;) 




 more at http://www.train_subject6359.com! 









 not one of my heaviest but there are more at http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 More at http://www.train_subject6359.com :) 









 You need to stop posting because your work makes mine look amateur. Awesome piece as usual! 




 That r2d2 air filter is sexy 




 A new record! 




 Your username is an instant classic 




 Because it feels wrong and exciting 




 Ill tell her you said that when I see her tonight. Heyo! 




 Maybe show the whole car 




 Why not just use the monolith as mood lighting since its the bedroom and have an actual lamp for when you need actual light 




 And the lack of tits. Oh you already said that. 




 Did you know: the frog is designed like that to minimize the amount of air that can get underneath it, creating more downforce which allows for more grip on the road. This allows the frog to go from zero to a hunnit real quick. On your marks, get set, science. 




 Hahaha classic Jamal 




 Haha you replied to the thread instead of to the comment ya goof 




 That's what I was thinking too. Kinda gives me this warm feeling like I'm actually at a party 




 Their customer service is heroic. I left a not great but not terrible review of a dual port charger and they called me on the phone to apologize and sent a brand new charger completely free. The second one worked better. 




 God dammit 




 Take that ugly pvc pipe and roll it in superglue and then roll it in live rock rubble. Did that with my pvc jawfish cave and it looked vastly better 




 Yeah the length of that title constitutes an overreaction 




 I think he means cinnamon toast crunch. God it's even in the title. What an idiot 




 And BMW builds the Mini :p 




 The god damn fucking red left turn signals in the MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING NIGHT. I have to wait there like an asshole for it to turn green knowing I could probably just blow it and never get caught. Fuck the suburbs  




 Poor advice.  I once injected nanobots into a girl I was dating and she never picked up my calls again. 




 Love it. Reminds me of salad fingers somehow 




 I thought it was a beetle 




 "Turdherder" is good but I prefer "poostabber" 




 Thanks man! If I'm honest, it's because I have a hard time with human form and doing an anatomically correct skinny figure is harder than doing a bulky one :p  




 I'm the humblest person who ever lived. 1000 years from now they'll write poems about my humility. 




 Mid twenties. Internet five 




 His is massive though. Never seen one that big 




 Is this an arrested development reference too? 




 I was shoulder pressing 65 pound dumbbells once and a pretty large dude was lifting with his friend next to me. His friend told him to go grab 50s but he was watching me and must have thought since he was bigger than me he should be doing at least 65 so he grabbed those instead. He couldn't even get them up. Felt good. 




 I prefer "tickle monster" 




 I live under a rock and don't get it so I'm just going to assume it's an Arrested Development reference. 




 Oh my god dude that is yours?? Your ancestors must have been able to digest solid steel. 




 I agree. It's disgusting. Back in my day if we had to have a foot sawed off we would ice it and watch a couple episodes of Hey Arnold and then walk to school anyway. 




 It doesn't hurt when you first break it. I've broken 2 bones. The next day though... Misery 




