 My ex-fiance's mother used to wear the same perfume all the time. She was a bitch, but I had a thing for her, so every time I smell it anywhere I get an odd mix of feelings surface. 




 Three times- the first time I met my newborn baby brother, and he grabbed my little finger with his tiny fist, and when I went for a random snorkel off of the boat tour I was on- a shark loomed straight out of the gloom, circled me a few times, then disappeared. Was amazing. The last time was at my Aunt's farm in outback Australia- a confluence of five storms met over the valley she lives in, and we were surrounded by lightning strikes all around- spectacular and terrifying all at once. 




 Smartphones, genuinely.

People would be more aware of everything around them, information would be harder to come by and therefore more rewarding to discover, and finally, I'd have never been cheated on if the ease of a smartphone's apps and Internet access hasn't made it possible for online relationships to blossom between strangers. 




 Fair enough- thanks for replying. I just started wondering after reading all of the CreepyPMs if women would have been put off by the constant jerks (no pun intended). 




 Are they mutually exclusive? I.e. If you liked their picture, but they had little or no writing, or if they had great writing content but no picture, would you still message them? 




 I know there are thousands of examples of CreepyPMs out there, so was wondering if you ever go on the offensive, as it were, and if so what would make you decide to reach out and risk it. 




 And given the number of creeps out there, what on a guy's profile makes you reach out? (More in comments)

Edit: Forgot to add qualifier; besides that person meeting your physical preferences. 




 Go to the police- report it immediately. No one deserves this; don't believe any of it for a second. 

You are beautiful and unique, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. 




 Wow...just wow. Smoothest of the smooth! /s 




 Kudos on your responses OP! Seems like he was a young one, and rather inexperienced on the whole creeping thing. Give him time... 




 "Im not a creep" ...said every creep ever... 




 I hope he's here to see just how many people disagree with his warped point of view.

Seriously; you don't like me, therefore you're a man hater.

No my (and I use the term loosely) friend, I believe the derivative we can get from this exchange of messages is that you're an unhealthily sexist egotist. And that's just the bare minimum description! 




 Interesting - I was wondering if there have been any role reversal CreepyPMs, I guess this is close enough! Certainly answers my question of if there are any women who do similar things as we see here. 




 Apologies on behalf of the self-important prick- we're not all like that, and I'm sure you're lovely when engaged in conversation instead of ordered around and verbally assaulted. 




 Is speed an attractive quality when a woman wishes to watch a guy cumming? I doubt it.

Amazing some of the things these people try! 




 Personally like the comment box's suggestion "Write them a lovely message..." It's almost like it knows and has its own idiot-related sarcasm! 




 Don't feel bad- no matter the problems he's had, it's not okay to one-eighty with those kind of shitty accusations, even more so when you've not spoken for ages. 




 I seriously cannot compute how anyone can entertain imagining that this is a) okay, b) even appropriate or c) would interest anyone... 




 Was this just out of the blue, no prior contact either way? 









 By preparing I mean both for the course and the application process! 









 Thanks for this; answered everything I wanted clearly and concisely. Heading out now to try and source a decent boar bristle brush, and some oil.

Much appreciated. 




 A bit late to the suggestions table, but hate. If there's a reason she dislikes the mixed-bred races that fuels her passion, even if she's not a great rhetoric, a mob can easily form behind someone who is zealous enough in a singular belief. See most religions, even if your movement is more political, a lot of political and religious groups mirror each other without realising (or admitting) it. 




 Hey guys, I'm 25 and only just started to grow my beard and moustache out for the first time (properly).

The longest I've had it is a months growth, today sees it reach two months. My girlfriend trims it every two weeks for me, snipping the straggly hairs and split ends to keep it even, so I'm covered there, and I condition it every time I shower (5/6 times a week).

First question; I've read about JoJoba, Argan and Almond oils- do these have to be specifically labelled as for beard use, or can you buy some "normal" almond oil (for example, say from the cooking oils or health foods sections) and apply a few drops of that?

Second question- what type of brush would be a good substitute for the high-end brushes I've read about? We're backpacking so money's quite tight.

We live in Australia at the moment, for shop references we have Target, Woolworths, IGA and Big W in our town.

Will try and update/edit this soon with a picture, maybe even a before/after double. Thanks in advance for any advice and help! 




 I like the insecure rogue/thief/assassin- he/she's really doubtful of themselves, unsure of their place in the city/country/world, and absolutely certain there are people out there better than them.

They put on the "best ever ego" march to cover this up.

The humanity is what gets me, or at least emotion. 




 I find Pinterest SUCH an awesome help for pretty much everything. Combine fantasy with creature, race, myth, monster, anything you like really, and you'll get great results.

My own loves?

- Condors (also giant birds but a different species)
- Manticores
- Chimera (I love the variability of this one; pick your animals to mix together!)


I also like to think more of on the ground/underground, as a LOT of people give flying to the biggest bad-monster/creature. 




 Okay, so I've begun to finally get on top of my aches and pains. Thanks for the advice previously all who gave it.

Now, you've worked all week, getting dirty, achey and tired- what's your best remedy for recharging and resetting your body for another working week in your day/days off? What combination of food/meals/activities/rest cycles/doing nothing helps you come back into the next new week kicking? 




 Thanks for all the replies:

I worked in a warehouse lifting weights of up to 25KG for 8 hours 5/6 days every week for two and a half years, so I'm not unused physical labour.

I shower as soon as I get home, and socks and boxers are always clean on, as are my tops. My nails are always trimmed (I'm anal about them), but the dirt seems to get to a place my nail scrubber doesn't reach.

I will try and get my hands on some foot powder and coconut oil, and a ball or roller if I can find one. Thanks for the encouragement, where given- I'm determined to keep on keeping on! 




 Okay so I've been working on an Avocado farm for three weeks now. I shower daily after work and shower/condition my beard and hair as well.

My fingernails stay dirty, the skin around them is cracked, peeling, dead and dying, my fingers feel stiff and swollen (even though they're not), my joints ache and crack with most normal movements (knees and back/neck mainly), and the skin on the soles of my feet/toes is three times as worse as my fingers.

Does anyone have any hints/tips to help keep these areas healthy/in good condition during this period of rough working? I'm planning on staying at this farm for the full six months (I'm in Oz on a working holiday visa), so want to be able to keep working!

P.s. I need my hands glove-free for the work I do, so unfortunately that won't help (also, the initial skin death/peeling around my fingers started when I used gloves for weeding for a week).

Any help would be greatly appreciated. 









 Things I like;

The Lost Fleet series by Jack Campbell
His Dark Materials by Phillip Pullman
Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini
Shadows of the Apt by Adrian Tchaikovsky
Lincoln Ryhme Series by Jeffery Deaver
Game of Thrones
Night Angel Trilogy by Brent Weeks
Harry Potter
ALL by Robin Hobb


So mainly Sci-fi and Fantasy, but I do read general fiction and crime too. 




 Thanks, good to know! 




 The horses are ones he's just stolen - he's setting them off down the road as a diversion, so I they won't be trained for it. Similarly I don't think he'd have the time (or the know-how) to set up a mechanical system for it. Thanks though! 




 Substitute the carrot for whatever piece of food you want; does it work? Would a horse or horses keep walking forward to try and gain the food continually?

I'm writing a story (set before modern technology), so wondered if this method would work to keep a horse/horses with cart moving forwards continuously for a long time? 




 Hmmm, does the carrot-on-a-stick type thing actually work IRL? 




 Like would there be a way to keep a whip cracking at them or something? My characters need to set the horses and cart to go on along the road without them in, and ideally the horses need to keep going for as long as possible. Is there a non-modern mechanism that would do this? 




 Like would there be a way to keep a whip cracking at them or something? My characters need to set the horses and cart to go on along the road without them in, and ideally the horses need to keep going for as long as possible. 









 Personally don't want to smell another person's pee, and definitely don't want to risk splashing myself with it after it's sat there for who knows how long. 









 Still, it's impressive :) 




