 I've been long on these guys and I'm taking a beating so take this as a long sad YOLO HJ but I don't see how much longer EXXI can be shorted until we see a rebound. They had unimpressive numbers but with oil on the rise and the stock down to around $3.30 I went ahead and doubled down. I hope to see a big rebound back into the high $4's once we get some positive news. Just my 2 cents, I'm also still taking a loss on AMD, the yolo life is really hard lately but it's only a loss if you sell so time will tell.  




 Well that sucks.... 




 Should say 'Outside Opinion on my team' and mm.... that's tough. Maybe carry Iwakuma, if you need immediate success (falling behind in standings etc) any 3 of those would work.  




 Eh 2 active spots.. Iwakuma will be hurt for a while and I agree about Fister being pretty good too. Is a Fiers, Syndergaard, Paxton, type guy available? Whats the best pitchers available right now? Sorry just can't really answer that last one without knowing who's available. I do think Iwakuma is a top 30-50 starter.

EDIT: btw look at my most recent post about my team. I asked for feedback but I guess I posted it in the wrong spot but would love to hear your feedback as well. 




 1) Screw Werth, especially if you have a deep outfield which you mentioned in comment #2. 

2) Rios was ripping the ball before he left. If you can afford the space, why not give him a couple of weeks to see what he can do? 

3) Is your DL maxed? Could you just keep Iwakuma on your DL? If he's not hurting anything, I don't think it hurts to leave him on. I think this is the most important player of the three to keep around.  









 I have Anthony Rendon and Victor Martinez... so.... 




 I have Trout, J. Upton, and Brantley and I still picked him up. I'll use him for my utility spot (currently Joc Pederson) but I'm debating dropping Castillo for Correa and really rolling the dice because my SS is weak. Right now I have it setup to drop my catcher for Correa if I get him on the waiver wire because I was going to drop my catcher anyway and that will give me the rest of the week to make a decision but I'll need a catcher before Monday.  




 Welp SPHS worked out but EXXI and AMD have still been lame.  




 That really is an easy one, definitely go with Rusney 




 Sitting on around 8k of EXXI at -1k ~~earnings~~ so this would be very much appreciated.  









 That table better have a hole for a fleshlight and send you winning lottery numbers the day before the drawing. 




 Im in AMD, have been for weeks!!!!! whoo 




 Sometimes a good purchase is when all the news is bad. I've been looking at SandRidge Energy. In around a months time this stock has dropped about 70%. Things are looking bad with bankruptcy looming but does anyone think this could be a YOLO type stock to jump in for a rebound?  




 Buying SPHS as my gamble for the week. Also going to load up on EXXI, I just don't believe oil will stay down forever and I think it's a good price point to jump in at.

EDIT: I forgot to mention I'm also sitting on 3k of AMD stock. I don't know if it will do shit but LONG LIVE AMD.  




 If you look at the history of JCP over the last 6 months to a year it does exactly that. His goals are a little different then ours. He's basically just using the $250,000 and he tries to have no more then 50k at a time invested, to supplement his living income. But he said he was probably bringing in around $30-50k a year just doing that. He's also very aware of JCP and all their earnings reports and the direction the company is going. A couple of times he's told me not to touch it for a couple of weeks because of uncertainty etc.  




 NIOBF looks like it's living a slow death at this point or atleast a flatline/slow decrease for a while.  




 He's different then WSB. Basically takes .75 then jumps out or puts a trailing stop on it. Chills on his waterfront property until it starts dipping, buys again. Basically living the life I want to live. Basically living the life I want but I only have 11k so I'm shooting for those crazy risky gains 




 I have a mentor that has about 250k in his investment accounts and he only trades JCP. He basically starts buying up around 7.5-8 and starts selling around 9.50-11 and basically rinse repeat. He's been doing this for months.  




 Been in AMD with /r/ddplz for sometime and today was the first day I got within breaking even, feeling like I'll be plus +5 mil very soon.  




 Well that would explain it. Haven't spoken to him in a couple weeks but would love to see him get more of a shot up there. I have a couple of friends in the bigs that I played with but he's got the best story, really cheering for him. 




 What programs is he using and how did he learn?  




 I'm a little bias because I'm good friends with Ian Thomas but can they let this motherfucker throw, he hasn't thrown in 2 weeks it seems like. 




 I don't know how difficult it is to setup but it definitely doesn't hurt to try. I know I would definitely contribute.  




 I don't think this is a bad idea but it's sort of like my business as a Realtor. If you're not going to do it 100% of the time, then don't bother implementing it because it just becomes a waste of time. I can see a lot of people not doing this and just getting sort of a scattered view of the direction people are going. Plus I've been lurking for sometime on /r/wallstreetbets and I like the place WSB is right now but you start to walk a dangerous line where the post starts to look like a YAHOO message board with people blurting out absolute insanity and those retards will spill over to the other posts and all of WSB will be affected.  




 I made money and I am an idiot...  




 One day my friend... One day.  




 I feel like Gods playing Plaque Inc. trying to take us out. 




 Thanks for the comment. I'm actually not trading with all my money but I'm stuck with my 2 other trades. I have around $1600 in AMD and $2700 in EXXI and both are down right now so I'm just dwindling my thumbs with those. 




 I've traded beyond settlement before and I got a firm warning by Scottrade and by firm, they tried to solicit using margins and to take a moment to read their knowledge center. You know what, F U C K your knowledge center. I want to trade. I turned 6k to 8k and this week I turned 8k to 11k and tomorrow if I can jump into GEVO I think I can turn 11k into 11.1k but let me fucking trade. 

How YOLO/Risky is it to say fuck you, and trade regardless of the amount of settled funds I have for "trading" vs. settled funds. Don't wave GEVO pussy in front of a roaring bull. 

#YOLO


Edit: May be a little angry that I am forced to the sidelines. In my haste I realized I put RIBT and PBTI. Disregard or go YOLO but I meant RIVT and PTBI. If you get lockjaw from RIBT or PBTI, just know I did not reference these make believe unicorns. #WinterIScoming 




