 That form requires four stamps! I'm demoting you to rank 658! 




 Well that was a load off my mind 




 But surely you must have some other pitchforks we could take a look at! 




 Paging /u/pitchforkemporium 




 With a hammer mod I don't see why a clone would be a problem, but my girl only buys clone tube mods. She's bought two so far, and both have fallen apart on her. So I'd be a little careful at least. Rdas are pretty basic, so I don't see any problems with buying a clone of them.  




 I have an authentic myself, but I've seen some pretty great clones too. I won't buy any clones personally, it just seems like the quality is often times worth the price.

Plus bragging rights! 




 It hits like a freight train! I have an el diablo tube mod that I really like the look of, but I just can't put that hog down. 




 I've done a little of it myself but I really like machining fantasy weapons. When I was younger I went to a festival with her and there was this guy who had a truck he blew glass out of. The whole side of the truck folded out into a stage and he'd do shows. It was pretty awesome haha. 




 The hog is my favorite mod by far. Just wish I could carry it a bit easier! That dewberry cream actually belongs to my woman, I can't stand it honestly. When I bought it for her I thought I'd just use the dripper from a 30 to get it out but I eventually just had to use a funnel. Definitely not my favorite bottle! 




 They use a small plunger like device, its very crude and will kill all the children ever. 




 My mom's a glass blowing hippie, my dad's a machinist by day and a drum and bass dj by night. Not sure if that's carnie material, but its a nice thought lol 




 Hey! You leave my Styrofoam out of this!!

I have a few, but I'm having trouble tracking 4 battery cases down. I'm gonna fab my own out of some wood when I get around to it. 




 Also, for those who are interested, the black faces on the back wall are flat glass my mom gave me, she blows and sells glass at local carnivals. 














 The TV isn't actually there. Watch the way it shakes when if hits the ground. 









 "What's going on here? Is that blood on the grooaaaaaAAAAAAAAAHHHH" 




 Very rarely I'll find a wonderball, is that the same thing? 




 About time to unsubscribe I suppose. 




 I've got three vapers in my house, I just went out and bought a book shelf Lol 




 https://youtu.be/AV_H22UlIic 




 Pooposition 2 you mean 




 Glitter is a great way to close a wound I hear... 




 Thanks again! 




 I'm lied about the green 




 Well actually I'm in Ohio, I just put in a vape request at /r/vaperequests and /u/EastBayVaper sent me all this for free. Lol 




