 [I kinda look like shit in most my pictures, but I have rad shirts and sweaters so here](http://imgur.com/a/n1q5a) 




 Well this backfired. 




 /u/TrollaBot train_subject4743 




 Very relatable 




 Oh okay, that makes sense. Thank you very much. 




 I don't really participate in the voting or anything but may i aks why Foxing and Nouns are disqualified? 




 My favourite so far. 




 E.T or bubsy for smash.
 




 I like The Descendents, black flag, green day, my chemical romance, minor threat, posture and the grizzly, rozwell kid, teen suicide, elvis depressedly, the world is a beautiful place and i am no longer afraid to die, tigers jaw, pity sex, death cab for cutie, sorority noise, and a ton more. Ita hard to name them all.

My hobbies consist of drawing, gaming, music, collecting records, and i kinda skateboard. I dont do much at all anymore. Ive almost abandoned all my hobbies. 




 I love having long hair but it does need a trim 




 I try not too but i like to covet my face a bit. 




 Thank you! Its hard to take care of sometimes but looks better with a hat. 




 Thank you for the input though. I appreciate it. I was actually expecting people to like kinda be rude towards me for some odd reason, so its rad that people and yourself actually gave me a solid answer. 




 Thank you! 




 I actually did not know that minor threat was a part of fugazi tbh. Im not key on names if band members so thats part my fault. I should of known since i love both minor threat and rites of spring. 




 [Don't mind my face and horrible smile. I try at least i guess. These are from the past 3 months](http://imgur.com/a/n1q5a) 




 It's rad. Also look up Sorority noise, Foxing, Free throw, brightside, posture and the grizzly, empire empire, and the bands i already mentioned. 




 Im really into indie and emo. Teen Suicide, elvis depressedly, pity sex, the world is a beautiful place and i am no longer afraid to die, tigers jaw, etc. 




 I can sneak my earbuds under my hair since i have long hair. 




 Music is literally all i have. I aspire to be a musician and i can actively say i listen to music 15 hours a day.  




 Loneliness is the deadliest poison. 




 I'd be lying if I said i didnt cry sometimes about this. It's rare that i cry but sometimes after school or work I lay down and just realize how lonely I really am. How sad I really am. I put my academic life ahead of my mental health out of paranoia and anxiety and cant help but wish I had someone around.  




 thank you 




 It's very hard for me to keep up with people over the internet so I'd feel so extremely guilty when I wouldn't be able to respond a lot. 




 I hate living each day in this repetition of school, work, and then Isolation. I am wounded by this constant anxiety of the people around me. Im so terrified of people, and I can barely look them in the eyes. I feel as if a thousand vengeful wandering eyes are constantly watching me. I wish I wasnt so damn paranoid. I have no close friends, im not close with my family, and the only time i leave the house is to go to concerts. I'm forgetting how to be a person. I'm so very lonely.

I just want a friend. I want a best friend. some one that will always remember I exist and hold me close to them. I don't care about a romantic relationship anymore because attraction in that way is hard to come by. I would love to cuddle or be held by someone I have deep feelings for though. To just sleep next to them. Know that i am important. I just want some one that i can keep close without pushing them away or without me becoming overwhelmingly clingy. I hate myself and I wish to die. 

The one thing I desire the most is for someone to just lay on my roof with me. We can watch the sky and the starts together. Talk about the past and laugh about how sad we are. In those moments i would truly feel alive. We can listen to low-fi indie/emo bullshit and just feel like we matter to the world. Life would be great.  

Im sorry that i am too much to bare. Im just so use to being on my own that once i find someone i deeply care for its hard for me to not be clingy. I'll just spend a few months in bed so everyone that i know will think im dead. id be lying if i said i didnt dream sometimes about what it would be like if i didnt have this life. Im so tired of hiding and resenting the people I love. Constantly drowning in my regrets and being paralyzed by depression and anxiety. Im sorry for this long ass post but I just wanted to vent. 




 Thank you. I guess i can see it. 




 Oh okay so it was more their influence than actual music. I wad going to say i can maybe see some songs being close but not necessarily the band its self. Thank you. 




 Can someone explain to me how minor threat may be considered emo?  




