 I'm fairly sure they don't expect to change *your* mind. 




 Petroleum products are not at issue; burning them is. 




 And other millions do care. 




 Canadians are the [world's third-worst polluters](http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/11/list-countries-co2-per-capita.png), after Australians and Americans. 

Electrical generation isn't Canada's primary pollution issue; transportation and farming are. 




 It's only the "fuel" in "fossil fuels" that we're worried about. That means cheaper feedstock for the plastics biz. 




 And so it would. The oil industry is highly automated, using infrastructure built long ago. Clean energy requires far more labor per unit of capital, mostly due to the need to build out systems. 




 [Relevant.](http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/11/list-countries-co2-per-capita.png) 









 I agree, but wildly inflating statistics sure doesn't help the argument. 









 Well, that and the facts that governments can control the value of their own currencies, and that those values are always relative to other currencies. 




 That's not limited to the south. Drive just thirty minutes out of most U.S. cities and you start hearing the same. 




 This article exaggerates. The IPCC says that agriculture accounts for 12 percent of global carbon emissions; this article says "18 - 51 percent for livestock alone," citing a single, isolated study for the low end of that range and nothing credible for the high end. 

Crazy talk. 




 The report is limited to easily quantifiable US impacts. Globally, most of the damage will be sustained by countries in warmer latitudes, and the forecasted costs are well into the many trillions. 




 High altitude jets are problematic no matter what, due to the radiative forcing of the contrails they produce, which generally doubles the harm of burning fossil fuels in flight. I see a future of lower, slower aircraft. 




 [Cumulative emissions](http://www.theenergycollective.com/sites/theenergycollective.com/files/imagepicker/141834/acumulado1960-2010.jpg) matter just as much, and we'll never come to effective global agreement on decarbonization without considering them.  




 Sulfide seeding would vastly accelerate the already-catastrophic acidifying of the oceans, and would destroy forests and crops with acid rain. Not a good idea. 




 That's politics talking, not data. Even the least impoverished, least corrupt US cities suffer far more violence than other rich world counterparts. At least one famous study comparing Seattle with Vancouver BC demonstrates exactly that. 

Sure, poverty and inequality make it worse, but the U.S. Is a rich North American nation with a South American gun violence rate. 




 "Before the older laws"? Britain's tighter gun laws began in 1903 and were tightened much further throughout the 1920s and 1930s, then repeatedly again ever since. Handguns have been hard to get for many decades, which correlates with declining homicide rates. An interesting comparison is with Japan, where handguns were still in wide circulation after World War Two, and where homicide rates were nearly as high as in the US, and several times higher than in Britain--until the Japanese banned handguns and homicide rates plunged to near British levels.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_politics_in_the_United_Kingdom#Pistols_Act_1903 
























 The CDC's mandate includes reducing injuries. 




 From its Wikipedia:

"The CDC's main goal is to protect public health and safety through the control and prevention of disease, injury, and disability. The CDC focuses national attention on developing and applying disease control and prevention. It especially focuses its attention on infectious disease, food borne pathogens, environmental health, occupational safety and health, health promotion, injury prevention and educational activities designed to improve the health of United States citizens." 




  How to you protect yourself when only law enforcement (and criminals) are armed?

I dunno. Ask anyone from any other rich country.
 




 The UK already had extremely tight gun laws *before* the ban, so the effect of tightening the laws just a little further was small. Even in loosely regulated countries, tightened gun laws generally take decades to reduce violence due to the simple durability of guns themselves.  




 Wait, 34,000 Americans die by gunshot each year, versus a handful in all other rich countries, yet our national health research center can't even *look* into reasons why? Good God. 




 Given that wealthy countries are responsible for most of the historical carbon emissions that have warmed the climate so far, yet most of the health impacts of those emissions are being felt in poor countries, how do you see the rich and poor worlds deciding who pays for these impacts? 




 This is where the climate issue will resolve: in the courts. We can look forward to massive punitive damages for the fossil fuels companies that have knowingly endangered the world, but we'll also get ham-handed, court-mandated "solutions" that will cost far more than they should and hurt more people than they need to.

If ever there were a good argument for heavy carbon taxation right now, this is it. 




 There are more than a few large black and Hispanic communities around the areas where he speaks, but he avoids them. Rather than speaking in South Chicago, he goes to Madison; rather than San Antonio or Salinas, he goes to Denver. This has to change. 




 Renewables are no myth, but they won't get us off carbon by themselves. Nuclear has to be part of the solution.  




 Soo...where are the rallies in largely black or Hispanic places?

I do like Bernie very much, but I'm just a little bothered that his enthusiasts seem to look so similar to one another when the modern Democratic Party is built on a multi-ethnic, multiracial coalition. 




 My impression is that workers who get laid off after age 50 have almost no chance of getting another decent job, and many such people were thrown out of work in recent years. A former mid-manager whose options have shrunk to minimum wage work is likely to throw in the towel. 




 A preview of coming attractions for Europe, North America and China in coming decades, and the rest of the world not long after. 

All to the good, of course, but it sure raises questions about how societies will get past two generations of "demographic overhang", caring for their old while smaller generations of young stabilize population at lower levels. 




 FDR didn't have to unite whites, blacks and Hispanics to create his New Deal coalition. Bernie does. And, so far, Bernie's rallies are noticeably whiter than Hillary's. 














 Can't get much more passive house than that! 




 I was right on board until...

using less resources and more labour, fewer machines and more human intelligence

 




 No AC, then? 




  I don't know why as a country we continue to fly the flag in any official capacity for a "country" of treasonous people

Treason or not, it was the flag of slavery. 
 




 That's basically what passive construction is: a thick roof and walls, with very little interior climate-control machinery.  




 However, the Confederate battle flag was largely forgotten in the South until its [resurgence as a symbol of white supremacy](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2015/06/150626-confederate-flag-civil-rights-movement-war-history/) as the civil rights movement gained traction after World War Two. That's an entirely different kind of "Southern pride". 




 The savings in passive design come in HVAC, usually beginning with a sub foundation geothermal loop and heat exchanger. You'll also need a PHIUS certified builder and possibly a similarly certified architect. 




 If passive design is your analogy, nuclear is bargain! Passive building construction is now as cheap as code-built. 




 You can also include [southwestern Oregon](http://www.weather.com/weather/tenday/l/Medford+OR+97501:4:US) on that list. 




 Sarcasm. I hope. 




 The key to making it work in newer cities is to start fees at a low level and raise them steadily over time, after first announcing that this will be a long-term policy. The idea is to notify everyone that building more transit, and living closer to work and stores, needs to become a priority.

Politically, that's a struggle in some places, especially conservative ones, but the twin needs to cut carbon pollution and rein in runaway freeway spending demand change. 














 Bingo. Older hot-climate cities were generally built to suit the need for walking, often with an emphasis on evening and morning activity.  Newer cities are built for driving from one air-conditioned pod to another.  




 Judging by the downvotes here, pro-slavery redditors are on task today. 




 Creditors are making an example of Greece to deter Spain and Portugal from following suit. 




 Shark bites man; man punches shark. Sounds logical. 



























































 Non-monetary compensation means health insurance, which accounts for two thirds of US employee benefits and is growing steadily more costly still, yet which provides no more value. It's simply a race to keep up with spiraling costs in a horrible system.

That's why Americans no longer have employer pensions as more workers in most other rich countries still do. Health insurance is the monster that ate American employee benefits. 




 "Scientists are scary. Pay me $425,000 to make them go away." 




 Except that deniers are unmoved by data. 




 A good deal of both, along with a depressingly durable dictatorship. But, after years of drought in Syria and rising grain prices thanks to the Russian heat wave, by most accounts climate played a major role, and not just in Syria. The whole series of Arab Spring revolts began with food riots.

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/03/03/science/earth/study-links-syria-conflict-to-drought-caused-by-climate-change.html 














 China is now making huge strides, leading the world in solar power, new dam building, new nuclear plants; they are implementing carbon taxes and pledging more than $6 trillion to decarbonize in the next twenty years. To put that last figure in context, China will spend almost as much on decarbonization as the US spends on its military. For a country that was desperately poor only a generation ago, which has built its economy entirely on massive coal power, that's stunning progress. 

Now it's India that we have to worry most about. 




 Because CO2 remains in the atmosphere for 200 years, Americans are by far the [largest polluters to date](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Cumulative_energy-related_carbon_dioxide_emissions_between_1850-2005_for_different_countries.png).

In terms of emissions per person, Americans are still five times worse than Chinese (although not as bad as Aussies, Qataris and a few others).
 




 Shades of the Netherlands! And more evidence that the climate wars will ultimately be won in the world's courts. 




 [Relevant.](http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/images/science/GHGConc2000-large.jpg) 




 Great chart. Thanks for posting.

And, yes, in the US this conceals [wide geographic variations](http://www.housingwire.com/blogs/1-rewired/post/28843-the-best-and-worst-housing-markets-in-america-right-now); basically, richer financial/tech/media metros getting richer while working class towns get poorer. 














 One source of many...

http://www.cnbc.com/id/102625740 









 http://journalistsresource.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/U.S.-retail-gasoline-prices-EIA.gov_.jpg 




  But still the price of a gallon of gas keeps going up!

[No, it doesn't.](http://journalistsresource.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/U.S.-retail-gasoline-prices-EIA.gov_.jpg) 









 The Lloyd's report's scenario:

"A strong warm-phase of the El Nio Southern Oscillation (ENSO) develops in the central equatorial Pacific Ocean. Flooding develops in the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, reducing production of maize in the
US by 27%, soybean by 19% and wheat by 7%. Severe drought reminiscent of 2002 hits India, while parts of Nepal, Bangladesh, northeastern India and Pakistan are hit by torrential rainfall, flooding and landslides. Severe drought affects eastern and southeastern Australia and Southeast Asia. In India, wheat production is reduced by 11% and rice by 18%. In Bangladesh and Indonesia, rice is reduced by 6%, and rice production falls in Vietnam
by 20%, and by 10% in Thailand and the Philippines.
In Pakistan, wheat production is reduced by 10% due to flooding. Australian wheat is reduced by 50% by drought. Asian soybean rust expands throughout Argentina and Brazil, causing an epidemic. In Argentina, soybean production is reduced by 15%, with a 5% drop in Brazil. The Ug99 wheat stem rust pathogen is windblown throughout the Caucasus and further north; Turkey, Kazakhstan and Ukraine suffer 15% production losses in wheat, while Pakistan and India lose an additional 5% on top of existing flood and drought damage. Russian wheat production declines by 10%.

"Wheat, maize and soybean prices increase to quadruple the levels seen around 2000. Rice prices increase 500% as India starts to try to buy from smaller exporters following restrictions imposed by Thailand. Public agricultural commodity stocks increase 100% in share value, agricultural chemical stocks rise 500% and agriculture engineering supply chain stocks rise 150%. Food riots break out in urban areas across the Middle East, North Africa and Latin America. The euro weakens and the main European stock markets lose 10% of their value; US stock markets follow and lose 5% of their value. 














 Nuclear is a big part of it. So is hydro. 




 http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/25/us/tally-of-attacks-in-us-challenges-perceptions-of-top-terror-threat.html 




 Sounds to me as if we have every reason to be alarmed. Did you read the linked Lloyd's report on which this is based? This is from one of the world's largest insurers, mind you.

The last food shocks spawned the Arab Spring revolts and the rise of ISIS. These coming shocks could do much worse, possibly leading to violent fascist states across much of the poor world, and likely dragging richer countries into the mess. If, that is, we fail to slash global carbon emissions soon--or maybe even if we do, given that much warming is already baked in. 

The question is, can we get over our love of pickup trucks and our aversion to foreign aid in time? I'm not entirely sure that we can. Fasten your seat belt. 




 The most telling difference is the way Americans treat immigrants, and policies towards them, which are generally less nasty (in the case of Latinos) and sometimes adoring (towards Brits). No wars were fought here over the rights of immigrants, but a big one was fought over the ownership of blacks, and that was followed by more than a century of continued legal discrimination against them. The end of that era under two Democrat presidents helped blacks, but it was a huge slap in the faces of southern whites who had long measured their self worth by their supposed racial superiority, driving them into the Republican Party. 

Race, more than anything else, has always defined nearly every aspect of American politics. Immigrant issues come and go, but not this gaping wound. 




 "This will make it very unlikely that the world will be able to limit average the rise in temperature to within 2 degrees Celsius, a threshold seen by scientists as necessary to avoid the worst effects of climate change." 




 Despite occasional upticks in price, don't expect a real end to this slide until burning oil is outlawed by international agreement, as it will be within 85 years according to the G7 leaders--or as it should be in 27 years according to the world's national scientific academies. 




 By "acting now" I don't assume that all fossil fuel burning would end tomorrow. We have 27 years to accomplish thais at present rising emissions trends. We might push that out to 40-50 years if we start cutting emissions now. That is time enough to do this gracefully. Most credible economic forecasts show that this might shave around 0.2% off the global growth rate (3.3% annual growth rather than 3.5%, for example), so it wouldn't be free, but it really wouldn't cost much, either. More important, it would *prevent* much, much higher costs due to future warming. 




 Yes, this means acting *now*.

Actually, I think the markets would do just fine. They tend to move in inverse relationship to the fortunes of oil companies anyway. The key is that even as we dismantle the fossil fuel industry we would also build its replacement, and there are abundant business opportunities there.  




  That toughness leads to foci of deprivation that stand in contrast to the wealth of the rest of the society...Both the foci of deprivation and prison are racially disparate, for whatever reasons.

For whatever reasons? That is a rhetorical qualifier that few Americans would make. We know too well what reasons are at issue. Persistent racism, segregation, social dysfunction and mistrust all dramatically raise the costs of government services. We spend tons more on prisons and police than other nations do. We feel a greater need to arm ourselves against our fellow citizens than people in other countries do, which, in turn, leads to high costs for violence. We lack an efficient universal healthcare system because too many of us see it as a subsidy for poor blacks. 

On the systemic side, by moving to (and remaining in) rural areas and states, which are accorded greater political power by law, racists also achieve disproportionate political influence, which incurs all kinds of direct and indirect costs (more support for road spending, which puts distance between "us" and "them"; more support for prisons, which are both racial weapons as well as rural jobs machines, etc.). 

All of these problems reach a zenith in the former slave states, which is why many of them remain among the poorest states requiring the most Federal help.

Wars are expensive, and many (not all) American conservatives are dedicated to regarding blacks as a kind of internal military threat that must be contained, while some blacks respond in kind. It's a very costly, very old mess that completely skews comparisons with all other rich nations. 
 




 Never a bad idea if you have the land, but the study here suggests that shortages are unlikely in rich countries. We just risk being dragged down by increasing chaos and warfare in poor countries. Think ISIS, which was spawned by the 2005-2010 Syrian drought and the 2010 Russian heat wave and wheat crop failure. 




 You mean we richies will still have our bacon burgers while food riots spawn millions of ISIS-like fascists across Africa and Asia? Well then, there's nothing to be concerned about, is there? 




  I'm pretty sure they mean 3rd-world society

Yes, that is what the study concerns; emerging food shortages in emerging countries. 99.9% of redditors will remain fat and happy, arguing endlessly over why all the poor are so rudely killing one another. 




 Except that right now Americans hate one another's guts so much that we've had decades of domestic terrorist attacks like last week's horror in Charleston, the Tea Party's Las Vegas killings, the Oklahoma City bombing, etc.--most of which are expressly designed to spark Civil War Two.

 




 What's happening is that white Americans care so much about black Americans receiving welfare, that their distaste for this overpowers whatever empathy they do feel for poor white Americans.

Pretty much. Along with the deep seated American myth that we all get what we deserve, which makes it easy to dismiss poor whites as lazy losers. 




 Except that coal-fired generators emit too much carbon to sequester at anything close to economic scale, suitable CCS geology is rare and far from most power demand, and all major R D attempts at developing feasible large-scale CCS, such as FutureGen, have repeatedly failed.

It's no coincidence that most of the money wasted on CCS research has been in the U.S., where most coal-dependent states happen to be political swing states fought over by both parties (KY, WV, TN, OH, PA, NC, CO, NM, MT...). Gotta tell those folks what they want to hear. 














 Not so fast. We already see this happening occasionally, such as after the 2010 Russian heat wave and wheat collapse, which sent wheat prices up 40 percent in the Arab world, which caused food riots, which sparked the Arab Spring revolutions, which continue today.

The study's point is that this may well become horrifically common. If one of these disasters produces an organization like ISIS, what would ten produce? 




 Done and done! And my Congressional rep as well! 





























 A 2001 paper? 

Unfortunately, the findings are all too timeless: Within the United States, race is the single most important predictor of support for welfare. Americas troubled race relations are clearly a major reason for the absence of an American welfare state.
 




 The difference is that power for your electric car can come from low-carbon energy sources like wind, solar, biomass and nuclear. 



















 It's not all about salary. The 1980s were also a time of employer pensions, cheaper health insurance, affordable universities, lower priced homes and so on. Toss twice the income on top of all that and I'd take it in a heartbeat. 




 However, these are ranked companies, and Canada's reserves are split between many. 




 Good responses here. Also consider that the last time the Earth had 400 ppm CO2, sea levels were 25 meters higher than today. 




 [It's not all about market share.](http://www.energypost.eu/historic-moment-saudi-arabia-sees-end-oil-age-coming-opens-valves-carbon-bubble/)  




 Note that five of the top six are national governments.  




 The fact that this happened to his amygdala is [not insignificant.](http://lakesideconnect.com/anger-and-violence/how-does-anger-happen-in-the-brain/)  




 To be fair, this is nothing close to the subsidies that fossil fuels receive: $550 billion annually, and that's for a very mature industry that is killing us versus a nascent industry that we desperately need. 




 That's the catch. This flag isn't just a celebration of treason; it is a threat to all black citizens, to remind them of who really owns the place. 




 They're everywhere in Idaho, sometimes flown over the U.S. Flag. 




 I've seen people draw guns in arguments, and one my neighbors--a great kid--was killed in just such a situation. Handguns just make it too easy.

Drawing a knife and attacking someone in a dispute is much more likely to get you killed. 




 Hey, Germany is doing it. Why can't we? 




 Wherever people commonly carry fighting knives there is much more knife violence. Your point is? 




 Roughly speaking, that is 1 gun murder per million Swiss; 1 per 11 million Japanese; 1 per 34,000 Americans. 




 Switzerland has a population of 8 million; Japan's is 127 million.  




 Not even close. Why? 




 I wish. However, I have family and friends who own real arsenals, and they do indeed add to them every time gun control comes up in major public debate. I know one couple who have guns stashed in every room, with battle plans drawn up to repel home invaders. Mind you, these folks live in the safest, most boring rural idyll you can imagine, but man are they *ready*. 




 The 97% consensus measurement wasn't really off. It merely showed that only 97% of publishing climate scientists publicly endorse the consensus, while, of the remainder, only a microscopic fraction actually oppose it. What the new study shows is that when we look at scientists' *research findings*, we see that nearly all the "undecideds" in the missing 3% actually echo the consensus, even though they are reluctant to say so. 














 After recent events in South Carolina, you may want to reconsider that statement. 




 Yeah, but this is the *state government* we're talking about. A state government that was the very first to commit treason against the United States in 1861, and which, under that flag, killed thousands of Americans while enslaving thousands more. 

Don't just lower the flag; sell tickets for the right to shit on it, and hand the proceeds to the descendants of slaves. 




 Fuckface Flag. More alliterative. 




 "Kind of genius when you think about it, to not violate the flag code they decided to just make it a permanent t fixture rather than on a pulley system like every other flag.

A flame thrower should do the trick.  




 It would also lead to riots by those of us unwilling to be screwed for the sake of yet more tax cuts for the rich. And that would lead to dead people, which would lead to still more. If the long list of right-wing terrorist attacks in this country are any indication, Civil War Two is *exactly* what conservatives secretly crave.  




 Okay, here's a thought experiment: rather than outlawing murder and rape, shouldn't we just make them expensive? 

No, because that would simply give license to the wealthy to commit whatever horrors they like, and murder and rape are absolutely intolerable. Same here. Carbon pollution must end altogether; in fifty or sixty years there will be no tolerance for it. We won't allow *anyone* to burn fossil fuels. 

No doubt, carbon taxation is the best first step towards decarbonization, but it cannot be the last step. 
 




 This may strike some Americans as radical, but it is almost precisely what German President Angela Merkel just proposed at the recent G7 summit, and her country is on track to make good on this. 




 But the agreed scientific consensus is that we have just 27 years to quit fossil fuels under the present business-as-usual scenario. How does a $40/ton carbon tax even begin to accomplish that? It cannot.

At some point in the coming decades, we need an outright ban, with truly serious penalties for lawbreakers.  
























 I'm a fan. However, some conditions:

 An emissions tax must be high enough to change behavior *and* to account for the price of damages caused by carbon pollution. That would be at least $40/ton (the official US Gov figure for the social cost of carbon, and too low at that). No one is currently proposing a tax level this high.

 A carbon tax must return its revenues to taxpayers in order to prevent a shift of tax burdens from rich to poor, and to prevent the economic drag that comes from tax hikes.

 A carbon tax must eventually pair with a carbon cap. The great flaw in carbon taxation is that it doesn't actually outlaw burning carbon, which is what the world must do. However, it can delay that ban and reduce its pain. 




 It's about time. 




  "To say that people who would willingly kill multiple people, especially ones they don't even know, isn't mentally ill is... well.. wrong, unless you can think of a logical reason for murdering lots of people. 

Sounds like a question for Tim McVeigh, Adolph Hitler, the Hutu militia or any number of other mass murderers.

The usual reason for killing lots of strangers is because you hate their kind. You might classify that as mental illness--and you might be right--but it's still the largest, most common problem that humanity faces and has always faced. 




  "If we are really concerned about gun violence, the overwhelming majority (by ridiculous magnitudes) comes from illegal gun ownership.

You do realize that this is because getting an illegal handgun is just so freaking easy in the U.S., where guns flood the streets and run down the gutters with each spring rain, right? Just try finding a handgun to buy on short notice in the U.K. or Japan, for example. Getting a connection will likely take days if not weeks, and then you'll pay a fortune, *and* you'll face serious charges if anyone finds out about your illegal pistol. Consequently, handguns don't get carried around all the time as in the U.S., so they don't just pop out and end arguments badly as they do here. 




 To be fair, *some* Catholics are indeed among the crazies in the Republican Party. Look up Opus Dei and its adherents like Santorum and Scalia. A third of Congress is Catholic, including some of its wackier members. We can guess that they aren't altogether happy with this pope. 




 Our responsibility for warming the planet was rather well settled fifty years ago, and very settled thirty years ago when high-powered computing made accurate forecasts possible. However, the basic concept of global warming from burning fossil fuels, and the first rough calculation of its future effects, came [120 years ago](http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/Arrhenius/arrhenius_3.php).  




 No, carbon taxes would not ignore methane. The only significant human-caused gas it would ignore is NOx, which is very easily regulated by other means. Water vapor is another, but it is a biproduct of warming by CO2 and CH4. So, yes, a carbon tax could be quite effective--if it is steep enough. 

I like the Citizen's Climate Lobby plan: a carbon fee-and-dividend that would return all revenues equally to each citizen, giving people some resources to adjust their living, boosting consumer spending at the same time to overcome the economic drain of an additional tax. 




 You do understand that a tax cut for the wealthy means that you'll have to pay more, right? It's a shift of burdens from them to you. 

Paul thinks you'll prefer kissing the National Parks and National Forests goodbye, you won't miss Social Security or Medicare, you'll do fine without Federal law enforcement, you'll gladly say goodbye to clean air and water, you'll never need disaster aid from FEMA, and you won't mind tripping over the emaciated poor who can't get food assistance...yet you'll gladly spend still more billions to fund the world's largest military machine. It'll all be unicorns and rainbows. 




 The chart shows that the *effective* income tax rate now paid at various income levels is very progressive, with those making less than around $40K paying nothing, after deductions, while those in the middle pay around 9% and those making $1 million pay 21%.
 




 Sounds like a preliminary draft.

From the article: "Powell, a member of the National Science Board under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, decided to share an exclusive draft of his research on Tuesday  just days before Pope Francis is set to deliver a major address on climate change  because he doesnt want his holiness to reference outdated numbers." 




 Paul's plan would cut revenues to the Federal government, dumping more burdens on the states to fund through their own tax systems, which tend to rely on regressive measures like sales taxes, permit fees, etc.. Bush did the same thing. 




 [This article](http://judithcurry.com/2014/07/07/understanding-adjustments-to-temperature-data/) may help explain.  




 Did you happen to notice the graph? After deductions, nearly all who make less than around $40K pay no income tax right now. 

And how about the accompanying stats? 

"The average effective tax rate for all Americans is about 10.4 percent. However, taxpayers earning over $1 million pay a 23 percent effective rate and taxpayers earning over $250,000 pay a 21 percent effective rate more than twice the national average. 




 http://taxfoundation.org/blog/even-after-deductions-and-credits-income-tax-system-progressive 




 http://taxfoundation.org/blog/even-after-deductions-and-credits-income-tax-system-progressive 




 https://www.nc-climate.ncsu.edu/climate/patterns/PDO.html 




 Look what happened [the last time](http://www.ctj.org/html/statefx.htm) we did this shit. The Bush tax cuts were a windfall to the wealthy but a disaster for the states. Furthermore, by their nature, state taxes and fees tend to be much more regressive than Federal, so this very effectively further shifts tax burdens from rich to poor.  














 No mention of climate change? The Arab Spring uprisings began with the 2010-2011 Russian heat wave and wheat collapse. The Syrian civil war began with the 2006-2010 extreme Syrian drought.

We've been warned to expect this, and this is just a taste of what's coming, people.

 




 Low income families pay [almost no income tax](http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/trythis3.png) now, so this wouldn't change much on the low end. However, on the high end, this would be huge: 49% of all income taxes are paid by those making more than $250K ([source](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/03/24/high-income-americans-pay-most-income-taxes-but-enough-to-be-fair/)). Those of us in the middle would have to pay for massive tax cuts to the rich. 

Meanwhile, even the poor get screwed as state and local governments raise regressive taxes on them to make up for the shortfall in Federal money for roads, transit, emergency services, healthcare, parks, law enforcement, care of public lands, etc.. For example, fishing at the local roadside now requires a much more costly license, plus an even pricier parking permit, so that even catching fish for dinner is out of the reach of many.

Aren't you getting a little tired of all this? I certainly am. 




 Clearly, not a Catholic. 




 When has economics *ever* been divorced from politics?  




 So he gives away crumbs to the poor, who pay very little income tax now, in return for handing a gigantic windfall to the rich? And the rest of us get screwed? No thanks. 









 Seems a perfectly accurate assessment to me. Limbaugh, Beck, O'Reilly and company may not directly encourage right-wing violence, but they certainly fan the indignation that leads to it.  




 Schoolmate says, I never heard him say anything, but just he had that kind of Southern pride, I guess some would say. Strong conservative beliefs.

So...yet another mass murder by a crazed white conservative trying to "take his country back".  









 The one shockwave on four justices' minds right now: shredding wildly popular Obamacare would guarantee a very leftish Supreme Court within four years. 




 So I guess we can just forget about that larger moral issue: the rising conflict between the oil industry and the need to preserve a livable, productive climate? 














 As in many bankruptcy cases, while it may be irrational for Greece to leave the EU and default, it is extremely rational for them to *threaten* to do so. With richer EU countries fearing a cascade of subsequent defaults and departures by Spain, Portugal, Ireland and Italy, the Greeks have real bargaining power. Why not use it? 







































 Not exactly the first time someone pulled a crazy [scam in Spokane](http://www.forbes.com/sites/williampbarrett/2011/09/22/the-merry-scamsters-of-spokane-strike-again/). 














 However, there's also this little aviation emissions detail called [radiative forcing](http://www.treehugger.com/aviation/what-the-heck-is-radiative-forcing-why-should-my-aviation-carbon-offset-include-it.html), that more than doubles the warming caused by burning *any* fuel at high altitude. 




 What, no mention of demographics? Am I the only one noticing that the "lack of wriggle room" in these various national economies correlates somewhat with the the aging of their populations? Japan and Italy suffer the most economic pressure; no surprise that they also have the most demographic overhang. Meanwhile, demographically younger countries like Australia are in better shape.

Energy resource deficits appear to be another factor in play. Norway, Australia and Canada are doing better; Japan and Italy, once again, are doing worse. 



















 http://www.polarbearsinternational.org/about-polar-bears/what-scientists-say/are-polar-bear-populations-booming 
























