 At this point in the election cycle, some people are delusional enough (and fueled by media over-coverage) to believe that Mike Huckabee and Donald Trump actually have a chance also.  




 Very nice. Is there any way to send an order of spanikopita to my 3D printer? 




 It will come and I look forward to using it. But these things have a LOT of bugs to work out, as complex systems like NXT and BitShares have shown. I give Ethereum years, not months, until there's a functional system that's fully tested and attractive to outsiders.  




 Peeling back those allium layers. 




 More like telegraphs. 




 Thereby removing their DNA from the human gene pool.  




 We're slowly taking them over, though. Organic food, an influx of immigrants, pot farms, same-sex relationships on TV...The South is changing fast. Just give us a few years, or decades.  




 Madison Bumgarner almost allowed a cycle's worth of hits today before recording an out.  




 And so his DNA was voluntarily removed from the human gene pool.  




 Heads up, Toledo. Here come the Hut.  




 Exactly what I was going to write. Perfectly said. 




 The bat flip is one thing. Standing at home and staring at your hit for that long would make you some enemies in MLB.  









 Pablo will whack at anything. He puts a lot of bad pitches in play and a surprising number of them end up as hits. 









 Ah, volunteers for the one-way mission to colonize Mars... 




 I read a CNN article last year about someone creating a 3D-printed pizza. I think they extrude the batter, cook it, and squeeze on some sauce and cheese, etc. If we can send encrypted 3D pizzas to one another, then who needs cash? 




 Peertracks 




 Scott Walker has the Kochs backing him, so he won't go away that easily. Rubio, I think, is overrated in terms of his mass appeal; FL voters seem to prefer Bush.  




 Wow, this is quite a testament (from the press release):

Some of the biggest digital currency exchanges have been hacked and the rest are looking over their shoulders says Banx Capital CEO and Founder Mark Lyford. BitShares is offering their SmartChain as a safe, level playing field for use by the whole industry. It can serve as backbone network to all the exchanges as a way for them to trade with and against each other. With shared order books we will have deeper markets, tighter spreads, and greater liquidity. And since our customers keep their own keys while trading on this network, combined with hierarchical multi-sig capabilities  we cant get hacked, and our customers cant get hacked. 




 Fascinating, but how do you see a trend over time? I see a snapshot, but that doesn't tell me there's been any increase, decrease, etc., if I am not familiar with previous numbers.  




 And plenty of waves, if anyone can commercialize that energy without environmental consequences.  




 Hacked? 




 This story has a certain aroma to it, rather like the whiff one gets driving through Vidalia or Walla Walla country at a certain time of year.  




 Bob Dole was quoted as saying the same thing a couple of years ago: that Nixon and Reagan wouldn't have a chance in today's party.  




 Looking at Venditte's minor league splits, it's pretty clear he's been lights-out against lefties and so-so against righties and switch-hitters. It will be fun to watch him, but my guess is he'll mostly be used as a lefty specialist for now.  









 Great news! Could be a game changer. 




 If you live in Texas, please do not vote for this jerk again.  














 This is starting to remind me of the gubernatorial recall election in California in 2003 when 135 candidates appeared on the ballot. There can't be too many more potential second-tier candidates in the Republican Party; they're all running for president already. At this rate, someone's going to win a primary with a single digit percentage of the vote.  




 They didn't pay him the big money for nothing. 




 Summers has been on the board of the Lending Club, so he knows firsthand that there is money in P2P.  




 More Americans probably want Bernie Williams to be president than those clowns.  




 Exactly right. This is not some tribal dude, but a lawyer who probably has never touched a goat or a cow. He is in it for the publicity.  




 Nomar was one heck of a pinch hitter when he was in LA.  




 Even if he's just pandering, this makes him evil.  




 Beautiful. Although there are some stretches of Big Sur where you definitely don't want to "drive off" the road! 




 I'm just having fun with you. Always appreciate your hard work work in promoting and explaining the possibilities in the crypto world.  




 Have you gone centralized on us, Adam? What happened to Dogeparty? 









