 Magic is mainly psychological priming. If allow guilt and regret into it you'll essentially lose that focus. Source: I'm a Reverend in the Church of Satan. 




 Satanism is a functionally atheist, carnal religion. We do not believe in any deities or conscious/communicable external forces. Our entire religion is based on the idea that this our one and only existence and that we are own gods in our subjective lives. We recognize the human need for ritual, symbolism, and metaphor so we choose to use the symbol of Satan to represent our life philosophy. Along with this symbol of Satan we also reject all spiritual moral systems that deny earthly vitality in exchange for spiritual enlightenment or transcendence.  









 1. Got into Satanism when I was a young teenager after reading the works of Anton LaVey. I spent a lot of time at an independent bookstore in the NYC East Village and read through just about everything they had on religions, the supernatural, the occult, etc. I recognized many of my own thoughts and conclusions about the world in LaVey's work.

2. In some ways, yes. But Christianity, like other diseases, has evolved and contaminated other bodies of philosophy and thought. Christianity without Christ or supernaturalism is still our enemy. Satanism is not just opposed to Jesus or Christianity, but the ideas put forth by all White Light Religions. From his biography: "Satanism is not just an atheistic stance but a anti-theistic stance. We prefer destruction of mystically-oriented religions through active opposition rather than simple non-participation."

3. In everything. From the way I dress, how I speak to business partners, to the films I watch. 

4. No. Those that do know either respect me enough to accept it or reach out to me for advice. 




 The "dark force" is really a collective metaphor for all the forces of nature that keep things in balance. It's the carnal drive necessary for procreation, the instinct to exact vengeance when wronged, curiosity that inspires innovation and skepticism, that pit in your stomach when you're saddened or hurt. We call them "dark" because throughout human religious history all these instincts were sinful or carnal (as a pejorative) and lead to temptation. 

We "manifest" these forces through actions, art, or just living life to the fullest. 




 Funny enough, LaVey didn't outright support abortion. He actually made an argument against abortion from a Satanic perspective. But it wasn't about the rights of women, he was concerned about overpopulation. So he advocated birth control, sterilization and eugenics. 

"For example, the science of eugenics provides solutions for the issue of abortion. Satanically speaking, I am against abortion. Yet I do consider a problem of overpopulation. Therefore, I advocate compulsory birth control. Unborn babies did not ask to be conceived. Once conceived, they should have loving, responsible parents, even if adoptive. A stupid, irresponsible woman should not have the right to "decide" what she does with her own body when in all other things, her mind is being controlled by impersonal vested interests. An unborn child's father should influence the outcome of a pregnancy if it can be determined that he is more responsible than the mother. If he is stupid, insensitive and irresponsible, he should be sterilized. Irresponsible parents, male or female, should simply be kept from conceiving children." 




 TST was not created by Doug Mesner aka Lucien Greaves, he's their current media representative. The TST was created by several film producers as a mockumentary, like of like The Yes Men. Mesner joined after a couple of their stunts used hired actors, they needed an "authentic" Satanist to represent them.
Mesner was associated with the Church of Satan via his partnership with Shane Bugbee, who was a member of the CoS. Mesner co-hosted the show Three Ring Radio with Bugbee on the Church of Satan's Radio Free Satan network and was the illustrator of Bugbee's reprint of Might is Right. He parted ways with Satanism completely after Bugbee sold off Radio Free Satan. Whether or not Mesner was officially a member of the organization is unclear, since we do not have records of him being a member under the name Lucien Greaves or Doug Mesner. 




 Was brought here via a mention. I'm an ordained Reverend (fancy way of saying official representative) in the Church of Satan. I've been a member since 2005 and worked closely with a large number of Satanists, both within our organization and outside of it. I was part of the team that developed the Church of Satan website, one of the owners of [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/), and have been featured on television, radio, and print as a spokesman for the Satanic religion and philosophy. 




 Satanism as defined by Anton LaVey is based on functional atheism. We do not acknowledge external conscious deities and live our lives as such. That said we do recognize a dark force in nature that we call Satan, upon which we apply a system of symbols, metaphors, and rituals that stimulate and enrich us.  

So no, it's not "just atheism". We have dogma, ritual, ceremony, tenants, and metaphysics. 




 Yes. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces.

Source: I am a Reverend in the Church of Satan and an official representative of the organization. 




 That's not entirely accurate. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces. 




 That's not entirely accurate. LaVey and the Church of Satan do recognize magic as something that exists outside of current scientific understanding. We do not yet know exactly how it works, and we do not require our members to practice it or even believe in it, but we do support those who do. 

That said, our system of magic is completely secular. We do not believe it has anything to do with spirits, deities, or external supernatural forces. 




 TST is not an offshoot from the CoS. I highly doubt TST would consider themselves such since they current state they do not represent LaVey's philosophy. Their current media representative, Doug Mesner, was only associated with the Church of Satan via his work with Shane Bugbee, one of the original consultants on the Satanic Temple who has since denounced the project. 




 TST was not created by Doug Mesner aka Lucien Greaves, he's their current media representative. The TST was created by several film producers as a mockumentary, like of like The Yes Men. Mesner joined after a couple of their stunts used hired actors, they needed an "authentic" Satanist to represent them.  

Mesner was associated with the Church of Satan via his partnership with Shane Bugbee, who was a member of the CoS. Mesner co-hosted the show Three Ring Radio with Bugbee on the Church of Satan's [Radio Free Satan network](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/) and was the illustrator of Bugbee's reprint of Might is Right. He parted ways with Satanism completely after Bugbee sold off Radio Free Satan. Whether or not Mesner was officially a member of the organization is unclear, since we do not have records of him being a member under the name Lucien Greaves or Doug Mesner. 

The Satanic Temple and the Church of Satan hold very little common ground, and in more recent material TST made it clear that they do not represent LaVey's philosophy. 

Source: I am one of the current directors of Radio Free Satan, a Reverend in the Church of Satan, and worked with both Bugbee and Mesner many years prior to TST. You can also verify this in Mesner's interview in Vice and the Village Voice's investigation into the origins of TST. 




 1. Unmerciful destruction can be anything from public embarrassment, legal action, humiliation, and in some cases physical violence if necessary. 

2. Women in the Church of Satan play a huge role, and not just as naked altars. Our High Priestess, Peggy Nadramia, is critical to daily operations and direction of the organization, and our Witches represent us on television, interviews, and print on a regular basis.

Source: I'm one of the developers of the Church of Satan website and a Reverend in the organization. 




 It's right there in the Satanic Bible. Satanic Magic is based on carnal, materialistic applied Jungian psychology, aesthetics, geometry, hypnosis, mnemonics, and a bit of the unknown. At its most basic level it's psychotherapy. At more advanced levels it can be something more, but still carnal and within the realm of flesh, muscle, and electricity. None of this requires God, gods, demons, spirits, etc. But the terms are useful for stimulation and creating ritual Total Environments. 

"Satanism, realizing the current needs of man, fills the large grey void between religion and psychiatry. The Satanic philosophy combines the fundamentals of psychology and good, honest emotionalizing, or dogma. It provides man with his much needed fantasy."  

Right there as a foreword to the Book of Belial:  
"What good is a study of falsehoods, unless everyone believes in falsehoods? Many, of course, DO believe in falsehoods, but still ACT according to natural law. It is upon this premise that Satanic magic is based."  

"The definition of magic, as used in this book, is: "The change in situations or events in accordance with one's will, which would, using normally accepted methods, be unchangeable." This admittedly leaves a large area for personal interpretation. It will be said, by some, that these instructions and procedures are nothing more than applied psychology, or scientific fact, called by "magical" terminology - until they arrive at a passage in the text that is "based on no known scientific finding". It is for this reason that no attempt has been made to limit the explanations set forth to a set nomenclature. Magic is never totally scientifically explainable, but science has always been, at one time or another, considered magic." 




 Looks to be a rip from The Church of Satan Interview Archive DVD from Purging Talon... 




 It's not a reproduction per se, it's actually a special print by the original publisher, Harper Collins, made available via Rabid Crow. 




 Oh I'm sure there's something to that. But what I'm referring to are people who pour over these modern spooky grimoires written by people who couldn't pass Into to Latin. They'll talk about achieving sinister enlightenment and communion with higher powers but don't have anything to show for it. That's the rub and what LaVey hated about people who obsessed with the occult. 




 Christopher Lee wasn't a random actor, he was an obvious aesthetic and cinematic influence on many Satanists who grew up watching his films. Gilmore explains it pretty well in the actual article.  









 As for agnosticism, the Satanic position would be "god might exist, but who cares?"  




 The Church of Satan is a "functionally" atheist organization. I say functionally because we do not disregard the idea of god altogether but we operate as if there were no governing supernatural deities. We do reject the idea of gods existing as conscious independent supernatural entities, but we do accept ourselves as gods of our own subjective universe. This isn't a small thing, it is the basis of the entire Satanic philosophy. It's what ties LaVey's philosophy to the Left Hand Path tradition, the idea of self-deification, but instead of occultnik spiritual mumbo jumbo, we fulfill this through mastery of carnal existence.  




 You might be interested in this http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-afro-caribbean-traditions.php 




 Some of our most active members of the Church of Satan are not white. We don't go around flying their colors though, and neither do (or should) they.  

Satanism is an individualistic philosophy, so general racism is inherently un-Satanic. That said, Satanism does recognize scientifically proven genetic variations between races, and accepts that reach individual should exploit and mitigate any aspects of their own makeup to the best of their ability. This does not mean that one should feel superior to another purely based on the color of their skin.   

The Church of Satan is an international organization and we have contacts in all the major continents (can't speak for Antarctica). It's obvious that we in Western nations have certain freedoms others don't, where we may fear social or career conflicts with our religion, Satanists in other nations may face certain death or imprisonment.   

One of the major works in recent years has been getting more and more material by LaVey and Peter Gilmore translated into different languages, including a Spanish translation of the Satanic Scriptures to satisfy our growing membership in Latin America.  




 I don't think it's controversial to say that SDJ had a passing interest in Satanism. He was good friends with Aquino and LaVey, and kept in touch with Diane. His PR people have gone out of their way to distance him from those days, and Sammy played along, as he should.  
He was obviously into the carnal aspects of Satanism, and I would consider him a defacto Satanist (a person, whether or not they self-identify, who's life and work is Satanic). 




 The Church of Satan represents and advances the philosophies and metaphysics of Anton LaVey, as described in The Satanic Bible and his other works. This includes his ideas on magic, human nature, stratification, and applied science   technology.  

A common misconception seems to be that TST is somehow a variation of LaVey's philosophy. They aren't, even though some of there early members were involved with the CoS in direct   indirect ways. But a close examination would show that their principles and tenants are very much *not* from LaVey, but are sourced from various Secular Humanist material. I've noticed that in recent interviews and press releases that TST has started to distance itself from LaVey altogether. People say that because TST is an atheist organization that they share that "atheist" platform with LaVey and the Church of Satan. That isn't accurate. We *do* believe in a force of nature that we symbolically refer to as Satan. We do not believe it's anthropomorphic or that it can (or care to) communicate with humans, it just is. Does gravity listen to the prayers of the passengers of a plane about to crash? We also do not believe a continued existence in an afterlife, but we are open to certain things that can be considered supernatural. I like to say we are "functionally" atheist and healthy skeptics. TST does not condone any belief in the supernatural at all. 




 If you have any other questions feel free to PM me. 




 Different people have their reasons. Some want to tap into a network of like-minded individuals for their mutual benefit (as /u/johnnywatts states), others just want throw in their support for an organization that upholds the philosophy they believe in. We have many members who join just to say "thanks for being around" and never reach out again. We have members who never tell another person of their affiliation, and we're contacted after they've passed and a family member finds their membership card in a safe.   

When I first joined the Church of Satan it was mostly to acknowledge the body of work that their membership has produced and the suppport that their members had given me. I was a concert promoter and I noticed that just about every other show I helped put on had a COS member involved, or that there were many COS members in attendence. I had long considered myself a Satanist and supportive of the organization and its representatives, so I thought it was time I paid the Devil his due.   

Keep in mind, joining the COS doesn't make one a better or more authentic Satanist. It doesn't even make one a Satanist at all. It's about what *you* put into it, or don't. Like I explained elsewhere, the $200 is mostly a real, physical barrier to entry. We only want people who thought it through and really wanted to join. The amount is both high enough to warrant a second thought and low enough to be reasonable for a person with sufficient means.  




 You pursue the implementation of Satanism by being the best you can be in the areas of your own influence. Be it your career, art, or personal achievements amongst your peers. Set out to be a shining example of what the Satanic philosophy can accomplish when met with skill and force of will. Communicate your goals and your accomplishments with the organization and you may be pointed towards others who share your goals and interests. We have members who are writers who work with publishers, musicians who go on tour together, web designer who collaborate with developers, professors who tap the shoulders of academics and the insight of brilliant minds, entrepreneurs learning from one another. I personally recently hooked up a producer of a show who needed a musician to come up with a soundtrack. 

We're realists and understand that the internet is the most productive and wide reaching way for our international base to coordinate with one another. Like I said, individual members are free to gather and get to know each other in person. We will hold some official gathering in the future, but we will decide how much to reveal to the public or even our general membership. Realize that we're not omniscient. People can apply to our organization, join, and be active but still be unstable or have some ax to grind without us knowing. For example, if we were holding a celebration for a high profile member, we'd probably want to make this an invite only event with members who've shown us to be trustworthy and interested. So if you join, keep us informed and we'll keep you in the loop. 




 Yes, that could point towards a political leaning for a Satanist, and for many it is. I don't think every Satanist needs to agree with that word-for-word, and a case could be made that they could support a small social net in order to keep a Hobbesian all-against-all at bay. 

"This is harsh, but that is the way of the world. We embrace reality and do not try to transform it into some utopia that is contrary to the very fabric of existence."  

That's ultimately the key. Whatever social welfare we support it's not to dream for some utopian society where the needs of the herd are met. It's done so we can maximize our own personal interests. To borrow a term from physics, I believe such social programs to be a weak force, they work well in small groups, break when made large. But this is a whole other discussion. 




 I don't see the dissonance, what Gilmore wrote is descriptive, it would be the natural outcome of certain social and environmental situations. 




 My comment was not aimed at anyone who is content with their life, regardless of their monetary success. If that struck a nerve with you, that was not my intent. What I was aiming at are those who keep harping that our membership fee is some kind of greedy con (any MBA can tell you we do not have a profitable model) and that their public forum with thousands of free members somehow makes them relevant in some way. Which leads to OP's issue. And what LaVey was talking about was in regards to people trying to impress him with all their occult mumbo jumbo and how they were some great Anti-Cosmic grand wizards but couldn't pay the rent, so brother spare a dime?

I know this makes some people uncomfortable, but money is a useful metric for success. It is perfect? No. But it works well enough to filter out the flood of garbage our kind of aesthetic attracts.  

Your life story is not unusual for a Satanist, shit happens, you suck it up and handle your business. I'd be more proud of myself if I were you. Hell, if I'm ever in DC I wouldn't mind getting a drink and talking video games.  




 As for evidence of successful members, I believe /u/Witch_Zaftig covered that well enough. We're not in the business of making martyrs or attracting people who need validation from others. We want individuals who are willing to stand on their own accomplishments. 




 He was involved in setting things into motion and working with Greenwald. Also featured in the film.  

Our stance in regards to other organizations (most of which are little more than small circles of friends) comes not from a vacuum but from decades of experience. Every "Satanic" organization we've ever even considered affiliating with has embarrassed or misrepresented LaVey's philosophy in significant ways. Most of the time these people just want their own little fiefdoms to declare themselves Grand Master Flash over. This is why the grotto system was disbanded. Too many people joining the CoS only so they can dress up and fill a social void without contributing anything to the implementation of Satanism in the real world. All this leads to the very issue in your post, the image of a bunch of losers being representatives of the Satanic religion. Consider it a form of quality control. If that makes us look mean or arrogant in the "occult community", so be it, that ceased to be where we draw our most productive members a long time ago. We'll have no part of that rush to the bottom, even if it costs us potential numbers. 

We do encourage individual members to get together at events or functions if they share goals and interests. I've been to and heard of such gatherings in Southern California, Salt Lake City, NYC, Vermont, Florida, Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, and others.  

Aquino's drama was almost 40 years ago. He held his position because he was beneficial to the organization and LaVey considered him a friend. When he left he took a lot of kooky baggage with him and that was for the best. Since then we've both moved on, the TOS no longer considers themselves a Satanic organization in any way. As for Rex Church, even he admitted in his open letter of resignation that he hid his Theistic beliefs from the COS, knowing full well that they contradict our philosophy. We went our separate paths and both are better off. He's free to pursue his activities without the need to hide anything, and we remain consistent with our philosophy. Don't see the big deal.

Here's LaVey on the failure of the Grotto system and why we don't pursue organized recurring social functions. People seem to think that this was something new with Gilmore, but it's not, it's been operating procedure for decades.  

I realized many people were joining our ranks simply because it was a guarantee of friends, or because they wanted glory of passing tests to earn degrees, much like the lodge hall Grand Poobahs who take off their robes and vestments and become the local plumber again outside their lodge. They were getting more spook-appeal out of being members of the Church of Satan than we were getting esteem from having them among our membership. As an organization grows, group activities only cause contention, drain vital energy that could be better applied elsewhere and eventually become counterproductive. Teaching people that theyre all right and society is all wrong, that the only ones who really understand them and that they can relate to are within the group, is damaging in the long run. It only reinforces their own inability to deal with the larger world.  
Thats one reason why I dissolved the Grotto system. I wanted to create of forum, a loosely-structured cabal for the
productive aliens, not misfits who need to depend on a group. After the re-organization, I was free to be more selective. I
would much rather attract and lend support to those individuals who use their alienation  just as most leaders are usually
different or distinctive in some way. Groups encourage dependence on beliefs and delusions to reinforce their omnipotence
rather than applying magic on an individual basis, as The Satanic Bible outlines. Instead of fostering self-sufficiency and
honest skepticism, I saw my group lapsing into blind belief and unhealthy anthropomorphism. Thats not what I intended and I had to make moves to get the Church of Satan back on track. 




 a. Yes, one of the key people behind the film is a member of the Church of Satan. You can dig around and find out without much effort. He doesn't hide it nor does he openly talk about it, like many of our successful members.

b. I suppose that depends on what you disagree with and if they're actual point of conflict. I've found that some people have misconceptions about the organization, or feel that because one member says or does one thing they're not comfortable with it must apply to whole entity. That's not always the case. 




 Also keep in mind that not everything someone does must be directly tied to Satanism. Satanism isn't the end result, it is a tool to be used. 




 Hah, he's gotten better responses since then. He's certainly more Left leaning than other Satanists, but I can see the Satanic angle to that statement. Go experience this one life. 




 First of all, judging Satanism by the people in online forums is probably not the best course of action. While many Satanists are on social networks, not all are, and the most successful of them either aren't or aren't open about their Satanism online.  

Second of all, SIN consists of the bottom of the barrel "Satanists". They're founded by a reject who could barely hold a job and lives with his mother at age 40. And what you observed is what happens when you have no barrier to entry, you attract anyone and everyone who thinks being a Satanist is cool and spooky without any sense of quality control.  

People complain about the membership fee for the Church of Satan and yet this is exactly why it's there. It's a real, material barrier to entry. If $200 is a struggle for you, then may you should reconsider joining an organization that supports a power and elitism philosophy. That's less than I spend on a decent night out with my wife or ammunition at the range with friends. Anton LaVey was all about results. He didn't care if you memorized his texts or practiced every ritual, he cared that you actually made a difference in the real world. And not just to talk about it, but show it by gathering wealth, power, and influence.  

At the recent Year 50 Conclave we had several successful Satanists demonstrate their achievements, including lawyers, entrepreneurs, corporate executives, computer security researchers, environmental scientists, musicians, engineers, and university professors. And those are only the ones that are open and chose to present themselves. You won't find our Reverends holding "gatherings" at the parking lot of a metal show, you'll find them doing [TED talks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYFmJ9y6svg), producing [critically acclaimed documentaries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizenfour), lecturing [at universities](http://cimminneeholt.com/) [and](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8UPNFcnYIM) [events](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL47BE9BBAA6FD9C9F).

As LaVey said, water seeks its own level. 









 Not sure if you're joking or...  

FYI, I 100% agree with Adam and Erin's statements on the emotionally disabled student who's trying to sue because she couldn't take an exam. Trigger warning: life is hard. Deal with it. Contrary to egalitarian belief not everyone can be anything they want to be.  









 [Best ouija board.](http://pbfcomics.com/220/) 




 I approve of everything in this photo, especially the 12 year scotch. 




 She isn't even nude though...  

If you want Satanic nudity you might as well go to an actual Satanic porn star like [Ophelia Rain](https://www.twitter.com/OpheliaRainXXX) 




 Atheism is a building block in Satanism, but not the end-result. Atheists say there are no gods, and that's that. Satanism says, sure, objectively there are no conscious gods (LaVey and Gilmore both put forth the idea that Satan can be seen as a force of nature, unconscious, and uninterested in human affairs), but we still have a social and psychological need for religion and deification. So we self-deify by acknowledging that man creates gods, so who better than ourselves.  

I would also say that the common ground with Humanism and Satanism is small, especially when we talk about institutional Secular Humanism. Secular humanism has a strong emphasis on altruistic morality and distributive justice, which Satanism completely rejects. Humanism also holds "human" life above all else and sees it as objectively valuable, where Satanism sees human life as cheap and only as valuable as the individual living it sees it. In many cases human life is seen as worth less than animal life.  

Yes, rituals are an important part of Satanism. 




 Half of the people who complain about Magus Gilmore say he's too much like LaVey, the other half complains that he's too different from LaVey. Gilmore is not LaVey, he's his own person with his own focus and approach to Satanism and how it applies to today's current affairs.   

In my opinion, Magus Gilmore pays less attention to (but does not disregard) ritual Greater Magic and the supernatural elements of Satanism. That said he does dedicate a chapter to the practice in [the Satanic Scriptures](http://underworldamusements.bigcartel.com/product/the-satanic-scriptures).   

It's important to understand the context of the times as well. When LaVey started the Church of Satan he needed to be his own publicist. He needed to be a showman and shock people to let the world know that Satanists are real and have an organized religion of their own. This tapered off into the 80's, where LaVey himself said that phase was over, and the new phase was to start implementing Satanic ideals in the real world. So Magus Gilmore is a continuation of that. He's a lot less interested in attracting rock stars and celebrities who tend to burn out quickly and ditch Satanism in favor of the next trendy thing, and spends more time talking to successful entrepreneurs and established academics. Gilmore is also focusing on growing the Church of Satan as an international organization.  

You can hear Reverend Campbell ask Gilmore himself what he sees as the differences between himself and Doctor LaVey in his Year 50 interview on 9sense, [fast forwarded here](https://youtu.be/6b5m2R6TPso?t=30m57s). 




 99.9% of the questions posted here, including yours, can be answered by reading the FAQ. For more details read the accompanying material.

[Church of Satan FAQ](http://www.churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php  )

[Satanism: Theory   Practice](http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php)

[Church of Satan Interviews](http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-interviews.php) 




 If people are scared of Satanism because they think some devil is going to appear in a cloud of smoke and kill them then fine, go away. We don't want you. That's the point. We don't want everyone. If the word "Satan" is enough to scare them from actually reading and doing your own research, then they should go cuddle up with someone else.  




 Because individualism, humanism, etc. are not religions. Satanism is a religion. We do believe in something we call Satan, but it's not the devil in horns that lives in this place called Hell. We believe Satan is the natural instincts in humans that has always been repressed by White Light religions throughout history. It's the force of nature that keeps things in balance. It has no thoughts, no emotions, and doesn't care what people think or do. It just is. Like the force of gravity. We call that Satan. Satanism is not humanism and there's a lot in our philosophy that is anti-humanism. Individualism is part of our philosophy, but we do not believe all people are individuals (most people are herd animals).   

Satanism is a combination, expansion, and reinvention of many different philosophies and ideologies, when taken in sum stands on its own. 














 If you're ugly, use that to your advantage. Become a terror to those that would belittle you and a source of awe and inspiration for others. 




 You must be referring to the Ninth Satanic Sin: Lack of Aesthetics. LaVey states that the Satanist should have an understanding of what's visually stimulating and use it to their advantage. This does not always mean "beautiful". He gives the example of using a sinister or frightening aesthetic for certain situations, or if you're a older man, maybe the look of a wise old sage. The idea is that you should recognize that visual signals are an important part of Lesser Magic and a Satanist would be a fool to think it doesn't matter how they look. 




 What made Zeena go Buddhist? I have no idea and I really don't care. It's clear that she left the Temple of Set for exactly the same reason she left the Church of Satan, she wanted more power and she was denied. I think Buddhism gave her an audience that was open to manipulation and victimhood, so she can be seen as a spiritual leader, like she always wanted. 




 One of the core fundamental concepts in Buddhism is la, or ethical conduct, and it is completely based on abstinence (abstain from killing, abstain from taking what is not given, abstain from sensual misconduct, abstain from liquors, wines, etc.) This is completely against the Satanic principle of indulgence. Also consider the Noble Eightfold Path strives to eradicate hate   greed, where Satanism says hate and greed are productive natural instincts that should be exercised. I would say Buddhism is fundamentally incompatible with Satanism. 




 LaVey warned against giving people credit just based on who their parents are, and that includes his own children. Zeena left the Church of Satan in 1990 and renounced Satanism. Any statements made after that time do not reflect Satanism at all. 




 Errr... No. Thats ridiculous. The Church of Satan does not endorse racism. People should be judged on their own individual merits. We do acknowledge scientifically provable human biodiversity and believe it to be a field that should be fully explored without fear or taboo.  




 The only time I've been asked about the Sigil of Baphomet in public was once in Disneyland. I was wearing a CoS polo shirt and a cast member asked "What does that symbol mean? I see people wearing that here often". I said it's the symbol for Satanism and the Church of Satan. Many of our members have a fondness for Disney's work and consider Disneyland to be a special place.  

But that's a stranger, and you're asking about someone familiar with you. Depends, but at that point you're probably best of at least explaining it on simple terms. It's the symbol that represents your philosophy, based on individualism, rationalism, and an appreciation for life and all its wonders. Obviously this is a glowing angle on our religion, they can figure out the rest on their own if they want. 




 [What?](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/what1.gif) 




 I think it'd be a far stretch to consider TST on the Left Hand Path. The idea of the Left Hand Path is the use of black magic to achieve self-deification and fulfillment of the will. TST completely rejects the idea of ritual magic, in any form. I would posit that they also reject the idea of self-deification, as that implies stratification, which contradicts their egalitarian position.   









 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-on_sentence 




 All of his official books mentioned in this thread are required reading if you want to get a strong understanding of his philosophy. But I would suggest you read [Letters from the Devil](http://underworldamusements.bigcartel.com/product/letters-from-the-devil) right after your next selection. LFTD is a collection of questions and responses from LaVey's time as a magazine columnist from the late 60's and early 70's. You'll notice that he's answering questions back then that many people are asking today, even on this sub. Many of my responses on basic questions (why "Satan", our stance on crime and drugs, politics, Satanism vs. Humanism) are sourced from this collection, based on things LaVey said himself on those topics. The book also contains much of LaVey's sense of humor.  




 Sigh. Don't worry, I've seen the nipples. Do you really want to be [this guy](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/024/183/500pxShopped.jpg) or do you have some kind of complex? 




 On Satanism and Objectivism: http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php   
 




 I actually enjoyed this article, believe it or not! Some of the first people who advocated for cryptocurrency were Satanists, including a CoS Priest who analyzed the security of Bitcoin in its early years. 

Not sure if you've been to our website recently but we do [accept donations](http://churchofsatan.com/support-the-organization.php), though we do not advertise it normally. We have accepted personal Bitcoin transactions in the past but not for membership, and probably not for a while for various reasons as this was something we have considered. Maybe for donations.  

You're right though, we aren't a charity. We're not altruists, we believe time and resources should be compensated.  




 They're something called abductor muscles, commonly referred to as "abs". Highly recommended.   
Would share the uncensored image but... nah. Here is a link to the model. 

https://www.facebook.com/carlottachampagnefans 




 Good one! I'm not the designer, but I can pass the suggestion on to Ashley Palmer of ASP Apparel and Kevin Slaughter of Underworld Amusements for consideration.   

I also prefer knives for personal concealed protection, never leave home without one. 




 I do consider myself a realist in certain definitions, I believe there's an objective reality out there, and science is the best tool we have for understanding it. It doesn't mean I discard everything else, or ignore instances of pessimistic induction (what was once scientifically true is now false, and vice versa). I keep an open mind, but I don't let my brain fall out.  

No, not a "theist" at all. I don't believe any of this requires any belief in external intervening gods, spirits, or demons. It's all flesh, mind, and electricity.  




 Read the online material and figure it out. If you have more questions read the The Satanic Bible. It's fairly short and an entertaining read.   

http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php

http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php

[The Satanic Bible](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0380015390/churchofsatan)  

 




 In my experience I've observed the very real effects of aesthetics, architecture, and audio stimuli as they are applied in a ritual setting. At a basic level participants are affected and can change the world according to the goals of the working. That's why the most effective rituals are those with large audiences (performances, etc)

But that's not the end of it. I understand that OP and you are asking about influence at a distance. I believe there to be so many variables at play that it will be a very long time before there can be any substantial scientific claims on this phenomenon. I believe most projected influence to be minimal, limited by what LaVey termed the Balance Factor (realistic expectations).   

LaVey addressed the skepticism of magic by noting that nothing but extreme, highly repeatable physical manipulation will only begin to convince the hardcore skeptic. He proposed that the amount of psychic energy to accomplish this could be used to gather an army across the world (proposed, not saying this can be done), so why would this person bother with that exercise if he wouldn't be believed anyway?   

Personally I see magic as a subtle art that can tip things in your favor. Workings are like a combination lock, requiring various pieces to fall into place, some in your control, some not. I've had more than a few lucky coincidences in my life not to dismiss the Seventh Rule. 




 Here are some basic premises: all religions and gods are created by man. There is no such thing as divine intervention or transcendence. So we created our own religion, gave it the name and symbols that best suit our needs. If that doesn't satisfy you, well, have a listen to the world's smallest violin.   

It's the 50th year and we've just got started. So far, so good.  




 We do believe in something we call Satan, but it's not the anthropomorphic Christian deity. Satan is the balancing force in nature, and we build on that with a system of symbols and metaphors that represent the Hebrew idea of the Adversary. 














 Yes. 




 Interestingly enough one of the latest political arenas we've seen LaVey's teachings applied has been the Neoreactionary/Dark Enlightenment movement. I've spoken to several writers from that camp who've named LaVey and several other Satanists as influences. But anyway... this dance has gone on for 50 years. The Left wrings its hands about our support for eugenics, Social Darwinism, and Lex Talonis. And the Far Right tend to have such a terrible sense of humor. Oh yeah, then there's that whole Jew thing. "Confound and confuse til the stars be numbered." 

I suggest you get familiar with the idea of pragmatism. It'll serve you well when you're out in the real world. And yes, I get what you were implying with that "black nail polish" comment. Learn a little about confirmation bias before you make such lazy generalizations. Ultimately we don't care much about the people initially attracted to Satanism and what baggage they bring. We're interested in the few people who actually understand it, apply it and gain power in the real world. 




 Hah! Good catch. Fixed. 




 It's nice having your own schedule and [business class Wi-Fi](http://i.imgur.com/665ePhK.jpg). 









 What do you make of it? You exercise it. If you drop the Social Darwinism you no longer have Satanism. Period.  




 Have you even met any Church of Satan members? I don't remember any of them wearing black nail polish, unless they were females. The last few that I've talked with include a political lobbyist, a CNN correspondent, a member of WikiLeaks, a nuclear scientist, a Navy Seal, lawyers and business executives, standup comics, and university professors.   

Sorry, but being 21 and living on a college campus doesn't qualify you in any significant way. Satan is real, but not as some ineffectual occult bullshit, but in the energy and force behind the people actually causing change in the real world.  




 LaVey's philosophy is needed now more than ever. If you think his message is strictly anti-Judeo-Christian (learn to spell it if you're going to address it), then you need to work on your reading comprehension (if you read any of his material at all).  

OP's list is his own subjective application of Satanism. I don't agree with it, and I think many other Satanists won't either. I could easily come up with a list that's directly the opposite of these points that are more closely aligned with LaVey's philosophy. But that shouldn't matter, it's up to each person to decide how they want to integrate Satanism in their lives.   

We believe in some things that could be considered "supernatural", though we don't think them to be spiritual in nature. We also do accept magic beyond psychodrama, though we do not require blind-belief in this.   
Don't be a dummy, what in the world makes you think High Priest Gilmore posts on Facebook? Because we have an official page? You do realize that other people can maintain and post to a Facebook page, and many large organizations have a staff that handles things things, right? I would know because I'm part of that staff that posts and moderates it. Sorry to burst your bubble but Peter Gilmore is not on social media.   

The person trying hardest to be "edgy" in this sub recently is you, so don't try that.  




 If by evil you mean cheap. Last hardcover limited press book I bought cost $80. Half of this book, in used hardcover, usually goes for $700-$900 (check the screenshots on the page). Think this could have easily sold for $150 all day. 




 That can be your personal synthesis of Satanism and Liberal Humanism, but wouldn't say much of that has to do with Satanism specifically. Either way, if that works for you that's great. 




 Yes, it's a special pressing through Harper Collins that's part of our Year 50 series of announcements and events. 




 Always good to have an extra one for marking up, dog eared, and with references, and another one for special occasions.  









 Thank you for the conversation, had a great time! 




 How old are you? 




 As the director of RFS I'm making it a goal to step up the production quality of our shows in the coming year. Hell, I need to get back on a regular schedule with my own show. Have you heard Terror Transmission? That's one of the best produced podcasts out there, in my opinion. http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/terrortransmission/ 




 Remember the sin of self-deceit. The Satanist knows her strengths and weaknesses, and knows when to seek the advice or assistance of others. Being an individual doesn't mean you're an isolationist. Even wolves have their packs, choose yours wisely. 




 While there is some common ground between Secular Humanism and Satanism, there exists some core differences. Like you say, the sacrifice of the individual for the good of humanity is ultimately conflicting with Satanism. Keep in mind that Satanism is not a normalized philosophy. We do not believe that everyone is or can be a Satanist, so he or she many see it to their best interest to advocate Secular Humanist policies without subjecting themselves those principles.  

Listen to High Priest Gilmore on Point of Inquiry for more on Satanism vs. Secular Humanism http://www.pointofinquiry.org/peter_h_gilmore_science_and_satanism/ 




 Stay Strange does regular outsider/DIY music events throughout the city. Not seeing anything currently booked in your time frame but follow them online and see if something comes up.   

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stay-Strange/343201505692906?pnref=lhc  

Website: http://staystrange.com/upcoming-stay-strange-shows/ 




 Did you even read the comment I made? What's morbid about supporting technology that may help you eliminate disorders or cancers? A number of well established organizations support such research such as International Association for the, Advancement of Ethnology and Eugenics, Galton Institute, Human Betterment Foundation, Planned Parenthood, Mensa, and others. 




 Yes, eugenics is an inherently Satanic concept. Yes, the Church of Satan supports eugenics research and implementation. And yes, Peter H. Gilmore did write about and support eugenics. But if you read the article it states that there are normally two forms of eugenics, negative and positive. Negative eugenics is the restriction of genes through sterilization and birth control. Positive eugenics increases fit genes through the promotion of procreation (financial incentives, etc.). Peter H. Gilmore advocated a Satanic Third Side (which genetic scientists have called "New Eugenics"), which is the advancement of genetic engineering and embryo profiling. He also did not advocate a compulsory system.  

Satanism says "responsibility to the responsible". If you choose to have children, do so rationally and be ready to tackle the challenges you may face.  




 It's not the only entry http://lccn.loc.gov/2001005141 









 That's something for the individual Satanist to decide. As someone who grew up in ghetto neighborhoods I have little to no sympathy for the "less fortunate". That said I could see a Satanic angle in keeping a minimal welfare system with strong drug and timeline restrictions. The question is "who benefits?" The individual Satanist may benefit if it means a safer neighborhood, and his own ego would will get the satisfaction of helping others.  




 The thing is that the Five Point Plan is general and broad by design. It's part of that balance of the Church of Satan being a loose individualist organization. We provide some guidelines but we ultimately do not take official positions as that would misrepresent many of our members who wish to apply our philosophy in different ways, or who may not be interested in those topics at all.   

Our public representatives mention the Five Point Plan frequently, I know I have and I hear it mentioned on 9sense regularly. I believe Rev Campbell even dedicates segments of his show to the points. The balance here to is not proselytize but to give material to those who are interested. That said, I do not see another revision any time soon. Blanche Barton wrote her revisited article in 2013 in the Cloven Hoof, in which she covered each point with current perspective. Members are free to address other issues not in the plan at their will, or ignore the plan altogether. Maybe in the future we may look into expanding. I could see the environmentalism being a possible addition.  




 That would make sense, yes.  




 First of all, the Church of Satan never had a public political agenda, so to say it moved away from that is inaccurate. The Five Point Program has always been a general guideline for individuals to pursue and use as a barometer to determine if they wish align themselves with the organization. We do not want to make headlines as the Church of Satan. We have many members who are out there pushing those Five Points in their lives but we do not require, or even desire, them to attach our name to their projects. We believe a Satanic revolution will happen and is happening without people realizing it. I can expand on some ways out members are active in each area.

1.  Blanche Barton gave a few examples of how this can be achieved in her revisited article. There are Satanists working closely with political organizations whose purpose is to cut government spending, cut social welfare programs, and  restriction government intervention. This includes about both local and national politics and a number of well funded think tanks. Very rarely do these individuals mention their Satanism by name, but their actions speak volumes. Focus has increased, and will be a talking point in the upcoming elections. 

2. Not a focal point at the moment. Social norms have yet to accept the taxation of religious institutions. But HBO's recent Going Clear documentary on Scientology planted a seed on the absurdity of religious tax laws, so we hope that will bear fruit in the future.  

3. The current Church-State debate is an obvious focal point. We have many members directly supporting and functioning in organizations like the Center of Inquiry, American Atheists, JREF, and others. We've had guests on skeptical and atheist podcast, radio shows (I just did one for a Miami based group), conferences, and more, nearly all on the common ground in the fight to keep our secular government. But some other points of interest would be the legalization of marijuana and right to die with dignity (both often fought by religious right).   

4. We have some very public members working on such things as Real Dolls, demonic baby dolls, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. Much of this ties with the last point.   

5. This one is fought both in the virtual and carnal worlds. On the former we have members pursuing virtual environments and AI. As for the latter, we have several public Satanists showing off their beautiful (or terrifying) homes and others manufacturing the products and materials necessary to give it that Satanic touch. But with that comes the need for privacy. With increased government surveillance and data collection comes the real threat of Thought Crime and a crackdown on outsider interests. Part of the goal of Total Environments and Artificial Human Companions is to have safe place to exorcize taboo interests without fear of hurting others or bringing unwanted attention.  This has been a hard fought issue for some very well known Satanists, including one Reverend who was featured in an Academy Award winning documentary on the issue.  

So my point is, we are out there, making our moves as best we see fit. The Church of Satan exists to reach out to others who may share our goals and applications, not as a political party. We're interested in people who are out there right now applying these points in the real world, not those who are waiting on us to give them meaning. More often than not, realistically, flying a Sigil of Baphomet does your movement more harm than good. So don't do it, and don't come crying to us if you do and it backfires. Ideally this wouldn't be an issue, but we're not there yet. But we're not far off either. 




 I spoke to Magistra Barton about this article and the work that needs to be done refers to the advances by those individuals who wish to achieves these goals, not the goals themselves. We feel no need to update or adjust our program, only to switch focus from time to time. 




 True. Something to keep in mind. 




 If there only was an online encyclopedia that would immediately answer such a question...  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walpurgis_Night  

As the article indicates, it is the most important holiday in the Satanic calendar after one's individual birthdays. [Here's last year's announcement by Magus Gilmore from the Church of Satan](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/84341936702/wicked-walpurgisnacht), and [here's one from 2012 that seems popular](http://news.churchofsatan.com/post/22121381050/wicked-walpurgisnacht-to-true-satanists-the). 




 It's my wedding anniversary so I'll have plans for my wife and I. We'll be going to Disneyland and meeting some Satanic friends for drinks at Club 33 and private dinner at Blue Bayou. Some of my associates have some grand plans this year on the East Coast. 




  Taking the word of slanderers and plagiarists, is also not considered reliable in academic research.

Err.. Sloane himself wrote about his affiliation with LaVey and his time with the Church of Satan. What I'm talking about is corroborating evidence to anything Sloane claims prior to 1968. There's none. 




 The whole "Horned God" story came out in an 1972 interview. At a glance through my notes and copy of "The God of Witches" it seems that at no point is the term "Sathanas" ever used. There is a recollected story of a witch who referred to a familiar as "Sathan". And that's it. Funny enough, "The God of Witches" was reprinted in 1970. Convenient timing.  

So yes, no theological significance. There is no historical anthropological or theological connection to the term "Sathanas". The only printed material that the term appears in is a [story in a 1946 issue of Amazing Stories](http://imgur.com/nQqtSIx) (Shaver made up the word, his character was based on Ming the Merciless, ruler of the planet Satana. Odin is also in there, looking like Santa) and a whole bunch of illiterate black metal albums.  




 The only evidence of Sloane's group predating anyone is Sloane's own words decades later. There is no other confirmation of this. In academic research this not considered reliable and could only be referenced as a supposed post facto claim. By any serious measure Sloane became a Satanist in 1968. At its peak his group had maybe a dozen members, but mostly just a handful of locals.   

And Aquino is not an Atheist... he's the founder of the most established Theistic Left Hand Path organization... 




 The only record of the Ophite Cultus Sathanas (the last word having no theological or metaphysical meaning, it was borrowed from an Amazing Stories novella) being founded in 1948 was a 1973 interview, and vaguely in some letters in 1968 in which he praises LaVey. There's no record of Sloane being anything other than a Mystic or Spiritualist (popular at the time) until 1968. At this time he is confirmed to have been affiliated with LaVey and the Church of Satan via the Grotto system. Official records are mixed, Aquino claims to not have heard of him as an important member during his time in the CoS, and also verifies he was not relevant to Satanism or considered himself a Satanist until after LaVey gained publicity in the late Sixties. The little media attention Sloane did get in the 70's compared him as a dumbed down awkward version of LaVey. 




 Individualism for the Satanist. I would argue that does not need to apply for the masses, because the masses need conformity. So I could see a Satanist being in favor of a Fascist society that he himself (the individual) places himself outside of or in power.  




 LaVey loudly rejected the invitation to the event (it wasn't a rally, only a couple dozen people attended, mostly people who had nothing to do with it and wanted to check it out l). He did not authorize it as a Church of Satan event, but his daughter and her husband Schreck got some of their friends (many were not Satanists or anything) to attend. 




 I'm very familiar with the 8/8/88 performance and the interview Rice conducted. I know people who were there and they've shared their experiences with me. First of all, while commenting on Hitler Boyd said very clearly "this is not Church of Satan doctrine" and does not represent Satanism. That aside, he was talking about the power of Nazi imagery and its occult significance, and an atavistic return to natural instincts, some of which is captured in National Socialist ideas, but not entirely.  

Secondly, LaVey often wrote about the connection between Fascism and Satanism and noted that the relationship is largely aesthetic and an appreciation for Law   Order. Magus Peter Gilmore expands on this in The Satanic Scriptures, in which he said that generally a fascistic society would not be desirable for the Satanist, but he painted a scenario in which the Satanist can maneuver himself into a position of power and exert his will accordingly. Keep in mind, Satanism is not for the masses. There could be another scenario, where the Satanist is part of a small, familiar clan or tribe, and such a fascistic system would benefit him. It's all about positioning yourself and working within the system. 




 Nothing. There is no Satan, Hell, Heaven, etc. For more info: http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php 




 You realize most of the early seminal Neofolk albums were heavily influenced by Nick Cave and Leonard Cohen? Cohen being called out specifically by Douglas P. as a major influence and one of DIJ's first shows was opening for Nick Cave. Also most of the early neofolk scene was drenched in humor, irony, and experimental production. Considering those things, I would say King Dude is a return to the roots of Apocalyptic Folk. 




 Essentially, yes. I also find it amusing that people think having a sense of humor or irony is a neofolk sin. The whole "folk" aspect of "neofolk", which came from the term Apocalyptic Folk, was meant as an ironic, tongue-in-cheek joke. Think of albums like Looney Runes, etc.  




 Actually there are plenty of subs with strict rules that auto delete generic posts that ignore sidebar info. 




 It was good to see you there! I think we know each other, short but pleasant talk at the bar. 




 Great show, it was great to hear Rome   Worm Ouroboros over Complex's amazing sound system. 




 The funny thing is that TJ doesn't consider himself neofolk really, it just seemed to catch on with the neofolk scene through his associations. And Kim Larson of OTWATM is a very close friend of his, helped him produce several of his albums, and released King Dude on his personal Heirunar Myrkrunar label. I've known TJ for a number of years and he's far more honest   sincere than all the big Neofolk superstars who I've worked with. 




 If you're interested in actual organized and formalized Satanism I would advice you read over the material on the Church of Satan website ([Theory/Practice](http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php), [FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php)).  

1. 16 years.  
2. Raised in Catholic family but didn't take it seriously.   
3. Private.  
4. Yes.  
5. Birthday, Walpurgisnacht, Halloween, Yule.  
6. Sure, whatever is entertaining.
7. [Stupidity, mostly.](http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-sins.php)  
8. No. We do not support child indoctrination.   
9. Indulgence, realism, rationalism, wisdom, justice, responsibility. See the Nine Satanic Statements.   
10. No.   
11. Yes, I am my own God. We are I-Theists. There are no others gods.  
12. The Great Abstinence. Nothing. Decomposition. Worm food or ashes. This is our one and only life.   




 Outside of the ritual chamber such things are seen as symbols, but when you are *in* the ritual chamber you must think of them as real, otherwise your mind is distracted. We call it the Intellectual Decompression Chamber. 




 I hear that. Missed out on custom limited production artifacts when I was younger and will probably never see them for sale again. 




 I was surprised at the price, expected it to be much more considering the highly customized details. Would be the cheapest piece of hand jewelry I own. 




 She and her husband completely renounced Satanism a long time ago. 




