 Awesome seller  :)  she had a bottle of super hard to find lotion that she sent me just a few days after I got her the shipping payment and added a few other goodies too 




 This sweet person sent me a box filled with cookies and candy and other little goodies that made my day so much better :)  she saw that I was having a rough time in a post last week and wanted to help me feel better and her mission was certainly accomplished!! Each little gift inside the box was individually wrapped and she even sent a handmade card  ^-^  its so good to know that there are people out there will to show that they care for others, even if they have never met them before.  
  
[My box of goodies!!](http://imgur.com/cpToCCq) 




 I'm a 24 year old female, with an associates in English and a job that I've had for 8 months that pays $13 an hour doing data-entry. In September I filed for Bankruptcy so getting a loan isn't an option. After my bills and other payments are made for the month, I usually have about $250 left over.  
  
I really want to get out and see different places in the world, even if they're just an hour away from my city in Oklahoma. I'm feeling trapped by my lack of funds though. I can count the number of times I've been out of state for more than an hour or two at a time on one hand.  
  
I want to go climbing in caverns and hiking on mountain trails. I want to eat pizza in New York and watch the sunset on a beach. I want to swim in the ocean and see a real archaeological dig site. I want to see new places and do new things that I will never have a chance to do here in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  
  
I want to do these things but I don't even know where to start. I'm 5 ft and 100 lbs and that has always made me wonder if I would be alright traveling alone, being so tiny. I'm used to being responsible and I like knowing that I'll a safe place to sleep at night so the wandering lifestyle just isn't for me. I feel like only a real stroke of luck will get me out of town, even if it is just briefly. I know people must venture to new areas all the time though.  
  
I need advice!!  
  
  
**I may cross-post this in another sub if it's suggested so please don't downvote for that reason :)
  
 




 I would love it if a kind person would do a reading for me. I am extremely confused by the current obstacles in my life.  
  
It isn't that I don't believe in coincidences but for the past month now, every time a try to go on a date, something happens that makes either me or the other person have to cancel their plans. After it happened again tonight I have become so frustrated. I firmly believe that life or some other force is trying to tell me something or point me in a certain direction but I am just being to dense to pick up on any clues other than I am supposed to be alone for the time being. Great, fine. I wish I knew what other direction I should be focusing my attentions instead.  
  
A little about me if it is helpful for your reading: I am a 24 year old woman. I have a steady job that really doesn't have an option for me to make a career out of it. I'm a pretty good writer but I've never focused on it as a life goal. I recently put in an application to be a volunteer at the local childrens hospital and just finished the interview process and should be starting my shifts soon there.  
  
I would be ever so greatful if someone would be willing to try seeking a little insight on what direction would be best for me to head in. I'm quite lost when I don't have a plan and I don't even know where to start right now 




 Aw thank you  :) 




 Yeah I probably need to work on this more. I have a lot of angry impulses. Sometimes I don't realize I'm in an angry rage spiral until someone is like "Why did that make you so angry?" and then I just feel retarded 




 I really do need to take time out each day to focus on this more. Instead of when I'm already laying down in bed and likely to fall asleep 




 I'm in the process of trying to get my brain to realize this now  :/  I keep thinking that as long as I allow these negative thoughts to keep running through my mind, I'm going to keep attracting unfavorable situations. Its becoming quite frustrating. Hence this post, lol 




 Feel free to link any helpful articles too!! 




 Que over-protective pug mom defending her baby's honor  :p 




