 Well, the Carter years were absolutely miserable.  




 Mont Blanc!  









 It's almost like MSNBC didn't like Bush! It's a crazy world, eh?  




 Yeah, well, fuck Olly.  




 Sounds logical. 




 Well then I guess you know what to do. 




 Glass Joe 




 You... You have a Nokia? What kind? 




 What is the sound of one autist fapping? 




 Amberlocksmith. 




 Please elaborate. 




 Those same people would argue that the very reason we are having said problems is the abandonment of said religious values.

Ah, the circle of life. 









 Yeah, but, well, they are Glendale, Burbank and Pasadena. 




 You use this word, "rapture".  I do not think it means what you think it means. 




 Nice try USDA. 




 Are you a family of cats? Do you all drink from saucers?  




 Yes, um, this is my scouter. Would you like to commence small talk?  




 It was on the TV so, yeah.  




 Looking at you, /r/politics/ 














 Battleshits!  




 Oh God! On first glance I thought that the medic's red sleeve might have been his foot!  




 His answer seems to be "correct".  




 "To be honest, the way our government operates feels like a legalized version of mob tactics." 

Yeah, at least the mob doesn't go out of their way to throw the stupidity of the public in their face!  




 Right. Why should people have to pay into the system to reap the rewards from those greedy insurance companies? They should just wait until the week before their cancer surgery before they demand their coverage. Everybody wins! Imagine a company expecting prepayment for services.  




 My deductible wasn't high before ObamaCare came along. This was a treasure we go to unearth after the law went into effect! People aren't exactly upgrading their insurance. It's just the opposite. I'm now paying more for less coverage that Obama promised (lied) wouldn't change.  




 HA! "Aypical"! That is a fucking laugh riot! 

http://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2014/02/22/obamacare-deductibles-hit-patient-pocketbooks-and-hospital-finances/ 




 Could someone draw me a picture?  




 You kiss your mother with that mouth?  




 Turns out the bill was complete shit as evidenced by my skyrocketing premiums and deductible. Good thing we waited until the bill was passed before we found out about it!  




 The narcissism runs deep in this one.  




 Hey! We just pass the shitty bills our staffers write for us. Actually knowing what we're voting on is WAY above my pay grade. Besides, who doesn't LOVE Congressional surprises?  




 https://youtu.be/xBDYSR-i_OE 




 See that you guys? Only 50% of the people in the country - the people on this guy's team - care about the country. 

The word hero gets thrown around a lot in this day and age but I think we can all agree that you and your political party are the real heroes here.  




 "You have to pass the bill before you know what's in it!"  




 Maybe he was high as a kite too!  




 AT THIS POINT, WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE??  




 Never the dick sucker, always the ass eater... :-( 




 Kimbro Slice?  




 What is your awesome job?  




 He's the Chad Kroger of movies. It's cool to hate him and unacceptable not to.  









 They mummified Ruth Buzzy Ginsburg back in 1979. 




 Friday was yesterday. Now it's Saturday.  




 Her pussy is on the chain wax.  




 For military black ops programs actually. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_involvement_in_Contra_cocaine_trafficking 




 Eh, funneling crack is fund RAISING, my friend.  




 Yes, Pepsi is OK.  




 Looks like you won.  




 That's why I do it in the family room.  




 You know what else is perfect for masturbating in? Rooms with locks on the doors.  




 You might wanna put some ice on that.  




 Everything just kind of spreads out like a bad tattoo!  




 Wait, mall and outlet mall?  C'mon, hjjslu. 




 Go away, boat!  This water's for surfers! 




 Greatestits. 




 I believe that's her long hair from the back. 




 So it's like a field seed printer? 




 Have you considered getting new friends? 




 He's asking Jesus for help with that. 




 My friend and I, 2 white dudes, watched Django in a full, all black movie theater.  




 That's what I call it when my gf gets her period.  




 I mean, I'm interested. Just ordered a Chilton's and OBD2 device.  




 Go back to enjoying your pie. 




 Thanks Democrats!  




 That BARELY rhymes.  




 By that logic fail Fox News ratings would have been in the basement during the Bush years.  




 I got it bad cause I'm shadow banned.  









 "Hurricane Sandy inflicted devastating damage on the East Coast, and Congress appropriately responded with hurricane relief. Unfortunately, cynical politicians in Washington could not resist loading up this relief bill with billions in new spending utterly unrelated to Sandy.

Emergency relief for the families who are suffering from this natural disaster should not be used as a Christmas tree for billions in unrelated spending, including projects such as Smithsonian repairs, upgrades to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration airplanes, and more funding for Head Start.

Two thirds of this spending is not remotely emergency; the Congressional Budget Office estimates that only 30% of the authorized funds would be spent in the next 20 months, and over a billion dollars will be spent as late as 2021.

This bill is symptomatic of a larger problem in Washington  an addiction to spending money we do not have. The United States Senate should not be in the business of exploiting victims of natural disasters to fund pork projects that further expand our debt." 




 Swear by these. 

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/Hand-held_dental_floss.jpg 




 Butt why dingle berries?  




 If gagging is the only problem I recommend that you get a boyfriend with a short penis.  




 She was DTF a showered student.  




 I'll bet if you'd told her the same thing you wouldn't have had sex for a month.  




 Enough with you and your facts!  




 That's even worse!  




 Take Afrin nasal spray (or flonass) for a few days leading up to the flight along with a decongestant pill you get from the pharmacist. Yes, this is truly the worst pain in the world. 




 Gweneth Paltrow?  




 Lol! "one party"  




 The more people hear her talk the lower her numbers go. People seem to have a genuine dislike for the words that come out of her mouth.  




 New home sales  




 Thanks!  




 I'm a beginner and never took autoshop in HS. I have no idea, what with complicated electrical systems on cars now, what I can and should be repairing myself.  




 31 carbs?  




 Your jorts are leaking!  




 Hear that guys? Be sure not to thank veterans today!  




 Stripper is granddaughter.  




 Perfect!  




 So let's take a look at your career test results. It says here that you should be a surgeon! 

A tree surgeon... wah wahhhhhhhhhhhhh 




 Sounds like you might need to quit your job.  




 Splochy stains cumming up!  




 We need a northern border fence.  




 Reminds me of Black Mirror.  




 Gwar?  




 Tips, m'nigga!  




 He's clearly fisting us.  




 This is all great advice. Thank you!  




 Books? Website? (Don't want to pay for training yet) If so which ones?  




 Because all companies are evil. - Reddit  




 Yeah, they should have to catch their own food like nature intended.  




 Money in my pocket, working for the city..  




 That one was not one of his more famous quotes.  




 Nipple rings?  




 Spider poop everywhere!  




 No, yeah. Paperwork out the ass actually. The state has to make sure these girls are legal and tested, etc.  




 You heard it here, folks. Go do a ton of blow and talk nonstop until your gum turns to powder.  




 Thanks Adolf.  




 Just wait til he has those sleepless nights cringing about all the "smart" stuff he used to say.  




 Hail Spidra!  




 Democrat party.  




 Huh. Today I learned something about both humans and retards.  




 So 19 people will have to run their phones? They're counting on making their money back on the ones that don't.  




 And inside out. Gonna tell all you people what it's all about.  




 There's no way around it. Priuses were built for disappointment.  




 Guy railing against mega corporations currently using large corporation's product.  




 Hmmm...  You sound insufferable.  




 Why you always Bingin' up old shit?  




 At least Reddit will always be a mom n pop shop.  




