 - The national spotlight will rip this guy to shreds. -

Yes. His actions need to come out into the light. He's a sneaky shit who needs to stand naked in that cleansing spotlight. 




 I think most people would not want to have a beer with Walker.  He apparently can't even go out to eat in Madison without getting booed.  That's why he has to take his lunch in a brown paper bag.  

His own campaign will bring his misdeeds into the light.  Things will come to a head in this election.  The psychic boil of right wing hate/extremism will pop with Walker.  The pendulum is already swinging.   




 lol all the GOP presidential competitors say that.  But now that God's plan on earth has been destroyed by same sex marriage, can He find the strength to carry Scott to the throne? 




 Yes, this is it. 




 How shocking that she didn't answer his question. 




 My 2 favorite slow movements are from Mozart's last 2 string quartets - the Larghetto from No. 22, B flat major, K. 589, Prussian No. 2; and the Andante from No. 23, F major, K. 590, Prussian No. 3.
I especially love the Larghetto, with its elegant, heart-breaking melodies.   









 JPOnion, you're contradicting yourself.  You said that his age (by implication, his health) is an issue in this election.  Then you say "The American voting public, Bernie's opponents and the media don't really care about your subjective opinion on his health."

Make up your mind.  Voters do care or don't care about age and the implicated health issues associated with age?  




 Bernie looks like he's in fantastic condition. He was a marathon runner and his BMI looks terrific compared to lumpy Hillary.  Physical fitness matters.  

Don't the Republicans want us to keep working anyway? Consider the ages of the Supreme Court Justices.  Ginsburg 82; Scalia 79; Kennedy 79 in a few weeks;  Breyer 76.  Four out of nine are over 75, and consider that they are appointed for life.  
 
Also, please direct us to your source that Bernie is "polling on average below Biden."  I'm interested in seeing those polls.   




 I want to add that it's worth considering if there is any relationship between Wisconsin's leading the nation in alcohol consumption and the continuing election of the far right wing to Wisconsin political office.  

These right wingers are flagrant liars and users, engaging the entire state in (what are comparable to) alcohol fueled delusions about climate, the economy and our rights.  Are the voters of Wisconsin too hammered to recognize the right wing's theft of our freedoms? 




 The far right Republicans of Wisconsin are flagrantly rampaging against democracy. They aren't even subtle about it - they've gotten away with it for so long they don't even pretend to follow the rules. How about a new requirement for running for political office? Potential candidates have to take a test on the constitution, with emphasis on the Bill of Rights. 




 The far right Republicans of Wisconsin are flagrant in their rampaging against democracy.  They aren't even subtle about it - they've gotten away with it for so long they don't even pretend to follow the rules. 
How about a new requirement for running for political office?  Potential candidates have to take a test on the constitution, with emphasis on the Bill of Rights. 




