  On June 5, a group of at least 20 black juveniles allegedly attacked a white man and his 14-year-old son at an outdoor family event called First Fridays. They are said to have assaulted the two for no apparent reason, taunting them with racial slurs while using a Taser on them and beating them up 









 Did Obama announce on National TV that the FBI would open a hate crime investigation?  




  The first $50,000 of income for a family of four would not be taxed. For low-income working families, the plan would retain the earned-income tax credit." 




  The first $50,000 of income for a family of four would not be taxed. For low-income working families, the plan would retain the earned-income tax credit." 









 I wanted to use the title for the article that was on CNNs front page but since the title in the article did not match I was afraid the post would be deleted because "has a title not taken from the article." 









 Good 









 I Stand With Rand 




  California on Cusp of Offering Young *Illegal* Immigrants Health Care 




 The larger problem is that the people that vote for her do not care. 




 Thank you! I hope you have good luck as well.  




 I Stand With Rand 




 Does anyone know why /r/politics is banning all Bernie posts? I have not seen any since he announced he was running for Pres. 




 Hillary will have Republicans out to vote in record numbers and Democrats either staying home or moving to third parties in record numbers. 

What are her accomplishments? 

As a civilian, she was a member of Walmart's board of directors for 6 years fighting against living wages, benefits, gender equality, and the right of workers to organize.

As senator, she voted for the Iraq War, the bank bailouts, and the Patriot Act. 

As secretary of state, she incited, funded, and armed Libyan rebels to create the "justification" for America's illegal and unprovoked war against Libya. 




 We should increase the size of the government. Then they will know! 




 Would you say the same about a Republican candidate and their supporters?  




 Lets be honest, you do not like him because he is black. Racist bigot! 




 How, exactly, would he win considering that Trump paid to use the song?  




 How do you put the final nail in your own coffin? ...ask France. 
























 Can the City of Santa Ana be tried under the RICO Act? 














 [Are you talking about Hillary?](http://www.cbc.ca/news/arts/hillary-clinton-promotes-law-to-ban-violent-video-games-1.550126) 




 "The CDCs War On Women" 




 Looks like fun. *weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee* 




  Why is it that Obama and the US Congress think they can defeat ISIS or any terror group when these groups are ideologically set on war themselves? 

FTFY 









 Justin Amash or Ron Wyden
    
    
*I Stand With Rand* 









 Sounds like North Korea needs more government. 




 I wore a Bon Jovi shirt to a Winger concert once. No one made me turn it inside out. 




 I Stand With Rand 









 Death should be the only thing that forces a true Rock Star from the stage during a concert. 




 Thanks 




  On the city application form, Dolezal identified herself as white, black and American Indian 







































 I Stand With Rand 




 I Stand With Rand 




 I Stand With Rand 









 It should be discriminatory to hire based on race. She can't work there if she is white? Seems racist to me. 














 Link? ^^^I ^^^am ^^^lazy...sorry. 




 I have a choice whether to use Facebook.  




 Then get out of the way and stop impeding traffic. 




 The word SOME is no where to be found on the governments website. Were you on a 4 lane back road?  




 The left lane on multi-lane highways are "For Passing Only". How is that so hard for you to understand?

Edit: The governments website says nothing of whether its rural. It says "on Texas multi-lane highways." It does not say "rural Texas multi-lane highways." 




  Watch for signs on Texas multi-lane highways that read "Left Lane For Passing Only." These signs let you know that the left lane on a divided highway is not a "fast" lane; it is a passing lane.

 After you pass someone, move into the right lane once you've safely cleared the vehicle. Impeding the flow of traffic by continuing to drive in the left lane is punishable by a fine of up to $200.

Source: [www.txdot.gov](http://www.txdot.gov/driver/share-road/highway-driving.html) 




  Blocking the left lane isnt only illegal  every state has some type of law restricting use of the left lane on multi-lane roads and highways  but keeping it open for passing causes fewer accidents than speeding because traffic flows more smoothly and theres less tailgating and less weaving in and out of traffic. Other benefits of not being a left lane hog include reduced road rage, better gas mileage and getting to your destination faster.

 Any time you get a disruption in the normal flow of traffic, you are apt to increase the chance of an accident to occur, says Lt. Gary Megge of the Michigan State Police.

Source: [Auto Insurance Center](http://www.autoinsurancecenter.com/driving-slow-in-the-left-lane-is-dumb-and-illegal.htm) 




 I fail to see how that keeps you from getting out of the way. The left lane is for passing. If you are not passing get out of the way. 




 Sounds like you need to get the fuck out of the way then. 




 I sometimes go around the person that is driving slow in the left lane and pull in front of them. I then just let off the gas until they get over. They normally throw their hands up at me and give me the bird. After they get over in the middle lane I get back to my previous speed. If they get back over in the left lane after I speed up I let off the gas again.  




 Well, to be fair, I have a choice of whether a company has my info. I choose as a consumer to buy things or use a product. I can choose not to. I have no choice with the government. 




 Some people stick a hose in their rear and call it pleasure. The CIA sticks a hose in a mans rear and they call it torture. 









 I guess its a good thing that [Loretta Lynch Has No Problem With Civil Asset Forfeiture](http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeleef/2014/11/25/loretta-lynch-has-no-problem-with-civil-asset-forfeiture-and-thats-a-problem/), eh? 




 Why would they donate to someone that would threaten the company they work for? 




 lol Bill Clinton raided SS to give the illusion of a surplus. Do you pay attention to specifics? And you still have yet to give me Hillarys accomplishments? What are her accomplishments? 

As a civilian, she was a member of Walmart's board of directors for 6 years fighting against living wages, benefits, gender equality, and the right of workers to organize.

As senator, she voted for the Iraq War, the bank bailouts, and the Patriot Act. 

As secretary of state, she incited, funded, and armed Libyan rebels to create the "justification" for America's illegal and unprovoked war against Libya. 




 I don't want Democrat or Republican judges. I want judges that follow the law, not an ideology.  




 What are her accomplishments? And can you explain to us how Bill Clinton brought us a surplus. Be specific. 




 You say that like anyone in NC actually cares if you stay away. lol 




 Good. 




 Hillarys top donors:

* Citigroup    
* Goldman Sachs    
* DLA Piper    
* **JPMorgan Chase**    
* Morgan Stanley    
* Time Warner    




 I agree. I will vote in the primaries and if Hillary and Jeb are in the general I will not vote. I refuse to vote for the "lesser of two evils". Cause there is no "lesser of the two evils". 




 Can you explain in detail why he is wrong? 




 That was the reason for my original comment. Anyone that would vote for a party regardless of who they are and what their positions are, are part of the problem. Rand Paul and Berney Sanders are the only candidates worth looking at, IMO. 




 What he really said was, 

"My views have evolved over time, but my views about the importance of dads being involved in the lives of children hasn't changed at all," he said. "In fact, since 1995  this book was a book about cultural indicators [and] the country has moved in the wrong direction. We have a 40-plus percent out-of-wedlock birth rate."

I agree with him. 









 And who infuses the most money into the campaigns? The largest PAC is ActBlue. A Dem PAC. Obama took more money than any candidate in history. Hillary is a Wall Street hack.    
    
Hillarys top donors:

* Citigroup    
* Goldman Sachs    
* DLA Piper    
* JPMorgan Chase    
* Morgan Stanley    
* Time Warner    

Can you please tell us how Hillary is the one to change it? Her history proves otherwise.  




 Can you tell us why you support Hillary and what her accomplishments are? 




 You just defined /r/politics 




 Democrats typically fall in line with each other and frown upon open debate within the party.  




 Wow, that is stupid. 




  thinkprogress that actually does reporting

lol Thats funny right there.  




 I would vote for a rabid dog before I would vote for Hillary.  




 Hillary will have Republicans out to vote in record numbers and Democrats either staying home or moving to third parties in record numbers. 

What are her accomplishments? 

As a civilian, she was a member of Walmart's board of directors for 6 years fighting against living wages, benefits, gender equality, and the right of workers to organize.

As senator, she voted for the Iraq War, the bank bailouts, and the Patriot Act. 

As secretary of state, she incited, funded, and armed Libyan rebels to create the "justification" for America's illegal and unprovoked war against Libya. 




 Tell him. Honesty and loyalty are important to a successful relationship. Own up to your infidelity and deal with the consequences. 









 There is a alot of butthurt in this thread. 




 /r/showerthoughts 




 The only solution is more government.  




 As much as people of the UK love big government controlling their lives, I am sure they are just fine with it. 




 /r/politics 




 Guns are awesome tho 




 * Coupon Printers
* Install every toolbar available.
* Throw all recovery discs (or fail to create them) and any licensing information away with the box.
* Installing multiple anti-virus programs.
* Backups

 




 It was when it was posted.  




  Benet Embry, a 43-year-old black resident, saw things differently.

 Embry has lived at Craig Ranch, a planned community in McKinney, for eight years. He said it's a nice place. Racially diverse. People get along there.

 He said when he was at the community pool Friday, a crowd of teenagers showed up, even though Craig Ranch's strict homeowners' association rules prohibit bringing more than two guests to the pool.

 The teens huddled by the gate and shouted to let them in. Some jumped over the fence, Embry said. A security guard tried to get them to leave but was outnumbered, so the guard called police.

 "Let me reiterate, the neighbors or the neighborhood did not call the police because this was an African-American party or whatever the situation is," he said. "This was not a racially motivated event -- at all. This whole thing is being blown completely out of proportion."

 Embry did say he was disturbed to see the officer kneel on top of the bikini-clad girl and wave his gun at other teens.

 "I may or may not agree with everything that the police officer did, but I do believe he was trying to establish order," he said. 




 Surprised its only fifty. 









 [That..](http://i.imgur.com/a4Og40t.jpg) 




 MAAATT DAAAMON 




  PLEASE HELP! That (now viral) video of the officer in McKinney subduing a girl in a bathing suit was in OUR neighborhood. The situation was NOT what is being reported


 A DJ setup in a public space next to the private pool in our neighborhood on Friday and played loud explicit (F-bomb) music for multiple hours (it is unclear if he was invited by a resident as no one has claimed responsibility). The teenagers (both black and white) were being brought into our neighborhood by the carload because the DJ was tweeting out invites to a pool party for $15 (obviously unauthorized by our neighborhood). The teens began fighting with each other and pushing their way into our private pool. Some were jumping our fence. The security guard was accosted when he tried to stop the beginnings of this mob scene. Some residents who live around the park/pool area tried to come out and settle things down. The teens started yelling racial slurs at our neighbors and started assaulting people and property (throwing bottles at cars and attacking a mother at the pool with 3 young children). The first officer on the scene was by himself. At that time, the party had grown to a large, aggressive crowd. As the officer arrived, many teens started running through our neighborhood. Many of the teens were being very aggressive and yelling at the officers as more arrived.

 This was a very dangerous situation for the officers AND the teens/residents not involved. The news media has refused to hear the neighborhoods side of this story. The video being distributed is only a very small segment of what happened. This information being distributed by the media and others is extremely distorted and in some cases outright lies.

 PLEASE HELP US STOP THE BROADCASTING OF THIS IGNORANCE. The media is trying to make it look like our neighborhood is a whites only, racist area. Anyone who has spent even a few minutes in our area knows this is an outright LIE.

 The unfortunate result is that our neighbors are now being threatened. We have also had cars and property in and around the park area vandalized this weekend. Unfortunately, the press and social media are trying to enflame the situation. 









 How many deaths would be caused with one meltdown in a highly populated area? Serious question. 




 Which Peace Prize recipient did that to Libya? 




 Britain has done this to themselves. No sympathy from me. "A government big enough to give you everything you want, is a government big enough to take away everything that you have."  




 I STAND WITH RAND 









 Hillary will have Republicans out to vote in record numbers and Democrats either staying home or moving to third parties in record numbers. 

What are her accomplishments? 

As a civilian, she was a member of Walmart's board of directors for 6 years fighting against living wages, benefits, gender equality, and the right of workers to organize.

As senator, she voted for the Iraq War, the bank bailouts, and the Patriot Act. 

As secretary of state, she incited, funded, and armed Libyan rebels to create the "justification" for America's illegal and unprovoked war against Libya. 



















 I replaced a tower, tablet, and laptop with my Surface Pro 3. No turning back for me. I love it! 




 "You didn't build that!" 




 I hope I am as "dead broke" as the Clintons one day. 














 I am here for the Fallout. 




 ....and don't forget to ask for a raise *after* you have gotten things in order. 




 Clearly, he is installing the latest Linux distro.  














 Bernie is a socialist. He will tell you that himself. 




 *I STAND WITH RAND* 




 Hillary Clinton voted for the Iraq War.

Votes to go to war with Iraq:

Hillary Clinton - 1 
Jeb Bush - 0 




 How is this not US politics? 




 This is the one reason I will never vote for a Democrat again. I am all for gay rights, abortion, etc. I will never vote for a group that tries to take my rights from me.  









 I guess its a good thing that [Loretta Lynch Has No Problem With Civil Asset Forfeiture](http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeleef/2014/11/25/loretta-lynch-has-no-problem-with-civil-asset-forfeiture-and-thats-a-problem/) 




 You are the reason the 1st Amendment exists. 




 gfycat is so slow.  




 You do not have the right to not be offended.  














 Maybe the President should speak at their HQ. 









 Mind your own business. 




 ^^^...fuck ^^^yeah... 




 Is this Constitutional?

 



















 "Racist!" - Reddit 




 The only solution is bigger government.    ^^^^^^^/s 









 The only solution is bigger government. 




 Annihilation of NK. 




 He has gotten alot of practice *acting* as President the last 7 years. The joke's on us. 




 Hearsay. 




 [Loretta Lynch Has No Problem With Civil Asset Forfeiture](http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeleef/2014/11/25/loretta-lynch-has-no-problem-with-civil-asset-forfeiture-and-thats-a-problem/) 









 I have found that [SpaceSniffer](http://www.uderzo.it/main_products/space_sniffer/) will identify more than WinDirStat. Whichever program you use make sure you run as administrator.  














 Hillary will have Republicans out to vote in record numbers and Democrats either staying home or moving to third parties in record numbers. 

What are her accomplishments? 

As a civilian, she was a member of Walmart's board of directors for 6 years fighting against living wages, benefits, gender equality, and the right of workers to organize.

As senator, she voted for the Iraq War, the bank bailouts, and the Patriot Act. 

As secretary of state, she incited, funded, and armed Libyan rebels to create the "justification" for America's illegal and unprovoked war against Libya. 




 I guess today is the day liberals turn their back on Assange and Dotcom.  




 *yayayayay! Thanks, Canada, for taking our rich to safety while us poor stayed behind to defend or die for our country.*

Something seems odd about that to me. 




 Britain needs more government. That is the only solution. 




 The lawmakers who took the trip were Reps. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.), Yvette D. Clarke (D-N.Y.), Danny K. Davis (D-Ill.), Rubn Hinojosa (D-Tex.), Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tex.), Leonard Lance (R-N.J.), Michelle Lujan Grisham (D-N.M.), Gregory W. Meeks (D-N.Y.), Ted Poe (R-Tex.) and then-Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Tex.). 




 Are you still allowed to own an axe in the city limits? 




 Are knives not illegal there? Guess you will just have to arm wrestle to the death. 




 George W. Bush and the Republicans made Democrats like Hillary Clinton vote for the Patriot Act? 









 You remember correctly. 




