 Oh. I was being sarcastic anyways 




 Now you have 7 upvotes :) 




 Yeah, the sous vide is much quicker. I've used the reverse sear oven method many times with bigger cuts like prime rib, excellent results 




 Eh, I like my meat rare. This is cooked to 125F (rare is 120-130F for lamb). Also haven't died from E. Coli poisoning yet so there's that 




 No it obviously came from my garlic mustard tree out back 




 It was at 125F for an hour, followed by 6-7 mins under the broiler on low 




 Who said I was white? 




 Why thank you! 




 see below 




 /r/misleadingthumbnails ? 




 Yeah I have to hold my breath when I cut open to cryo-vac packaging haha 




 Yeah I have a tall steel pot I usually use. Pre-heat the water and throw the vacuum sealed meat in.

This rack was exactly 1.5lbs, and I left it in about 1 hour 




 Anova sous vide. Love it :) I applied the garlic mustard paste and broiled it after sous viding it 




 lol 




 Horseradish if you like horseradish. Otherwise, maybe just try it with the garlic and oil 




 i don't get it. 




 Not too difficult. There are a lot of diy guides online 




 I posted the recipe below 




 Check out the Anova sous vide 




 First I rinsed the lamb and then pat it dry. I used salt, pepper, onion powder, sumac, and sliced raw garlic on both sides of the lamb, then vacuum sealed it with 1 tbs butter. Used my Anova sous vide to cook it at 125F for at least 1 hour (you can leave it in the water bath up to 3 hours). 

Once you put the lamb in, you can start on the crust. Wrap about 8-10 cloves of garlic with some olive oil in aluminum foil and throw in a 400F oven for 45 mins to an hour. It's going to make your house smell heavenly so be prepared. 

Once the garlic is done, place it in a bowl. Add 2-3 tbs of mustard (I used spicy brown) and about 1 tbs olive oil. Add any other seasonings you want... I used salt, pepper, and sumac to complement the flavors in the lamb. Mash everything together to make a thick paste.

Remove the lamb from the vacuum bag and pat it dry. Place in a roasting pan or on a baking sheet and generously smear the garlic paste all over the top. Then set your oven broiler to low, and put the lamb on the top rack for about 6 minutes (I had to move it a few times under my broiler to get an even sear).

Remove from broiler once the crust looks good to you, let it sit for 5 mins and then carve away.

Hope you enjoy!
 




 Here it is before carving:

http://i.imgur.com/1mgMTa1l.jpg  




 No, it was insanely tender. Fell apart in my mouth 




 I sous vide it at 125F to account for the additional temp increase when putting it under the broiler to make the crust. Rare lamb is from 120-130F 




 Just made a thick paste out of roasted garlic, spicy brown mustard, olive oil, salt, pepper, and sumac. Apply the paste after its done in the sous vide and throw it under your oven broiler on low for about 6-7 minutes 




 I pat dried it after sous vide-ing... then put on my paste and threw it under the oven broiler on low for about 6-7 minutes 









 browned shallot and garlic in butter, added wine and cream and it became this color! maybe the longostino and shrimp added the pink hue? 









