 Stags. 




 Jesus... 




 Plea guilty. 




 A wild boar killed me while hunting. 




  since any child born within 9 months of a divorce is legally the father

...Wait what?! 




 Ironic name. 




 I did the math. That makes him her three-quarters brother. 




 Son of a bitch. 




 I mean, they've only had 6000 years to do all of that. 




 I'm not sure! 




 Er, for what? 




 Head On. It really works! 




 Cat fingers was great. TETSUO.

KANEDA.

TETSUOOO.

CANAADAA.

And then the gf dies. 




 My god... is onion yellow diamond? 




 Oh god we're fusing...  




 The spitting image of her voice actor:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFfKvP4vSL0 




 Food for thought: Rainbow Quartz also died with Rose (and presumably a few other fusions). 




  "Rose's scabbard, empty and devoid of purpose without her sword"

Vagina. It's a vagina metaphor. 




 Here's a good starting point: http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/282/1810/20150791

From the Discussion:

 For most vertebrate taxa (possibly excepting naked mole rats), the patterns expected under the social brain hypothesis are relatively straightforward: group members will face an increase in socially imposed cognitive challenges as social complexity increases; this should be matched by a similar pattern of increased brain investment. We suggest this is true because of the fundamental way vertebrate societies are structured: vertebrate social groups are ecological contexts where individual reproductive agendas are pursued [8]. As social complexity increases, social interactions play a greater role (relative to other ecological factors, such as the needs to forage and avoid predators) in fitness variation. Social prowess may even become a predominant selective force on cognition [8,9]. Social conflict probably plays a major role in these patterns.

 There is an important difference between vertebrate and insect societies in how social complexity arises. Simple vertebrate societies are often family groups, but larger vertebrate societies comprise increasingly distant relatives or even collections of non-relatives. This is not true of social insects: excepting unicolonial invasive ants [50], most insect societies are family groups. Changes in insect colony size and social complexity involve modifications of family structure, with a general trend towards increasing individual specialization and division of labour among group members [18,19]. In some senses, insect colonies can be viewed as extended phenotypes of the reproductive(s). We found evidence for a marked decrease, rather than an increase, in MB calyx investment that accompanied the origins of sociality in one social insect clade. Our data further suggest the most important transition was from solitary life to simple societies, with further transitions in social structure having no measurable effect on brain architecture. This pattern indicates super-organismal attributes, such as distributed cognition, arose early in social evolution among Vespidae.

Other than that, I don't know much about cognitive evolution. If anyone has any insight, I'm particularly interested in how cephalopods (octopi and squid) fit into the social spectrum, even though they're pretty smart--and more interestingly, independently evolved intelligence from the bird/mammal line. 




 Idk, the machine learning/artificial intelligence community have developed reinforcement learning algorithms that do basically just that. Backpropagation of rewards to learn which of a given set of behaviors to use when confronted with particular inputs is not that hard to do, we have algorithms that can learn to play video games these days through trial-and-error. So personally, I don't think that's a good example of being "really smart". The kinds of learning behaviors we haven't been able to emulate in ML/AI are abstract reasoning about the world that can be use for inventing behaviors or things like having a theory of mind for navigating social dynamics. Those are beyond our ability to code, and I think are better examples of being really smart. 




 Woo! Congrats as well! 




 There's a great article in Quanta Magazine about recent research in bird evolution: https://www.quantamagazine.org/20150602-dinosaurs-to-birds/

An excerpt: 
 A bird didnt just evolve from a T. rex overnight, but rather the classic features of birds evolved one by one; first bipedal locomotion, then feathers, then a wishbone, then more complex feathers that look like quill-pen feathers, then wings, Brusatte said. The end result is a relatively seamless transition between dinosaurs and birds, so much so that you cant just draw an easy line between these two groups.

Note: I should say that he's not suggesting birds actually evolved from T. rexes, it's a figure of speech. 




  mate selection, child rearing, family life, society, ethics.

I second /u/miss_step 's suggestion, these topics are more under the domain of (sociocultural) anthropology than evolutionary biology, and do not necessarily have selective explanations. 




 Woo! Congrats! 




 Woo! Always wondered what it's like to go 




 Man, I *really* want to hear a Ruby x Sapphire duet number. 




 If it acts like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. The Crew know exactly what they're portraying, and that's a lesbian relationship. 




 Theoretically, if Sapphire died, so would Garnet, Sugilite, Sardonyx, and Alexandite. 




 My theory is that the next two episodes are going to be a lot more gayest.

 




 Yes. 




 I thought it was their brittle spines. 




 SHUT YOUR DIRTY MOUTH. 




 Lito is the best. 




 Hmm, never realized Puerto Rico had it's own team. 




 Two 4h30m sessions of 3 problems each, or 9h total. 




 No, I'm pretty sure we're talking about Monster Ranchers. 




 Leek spin. 




 You're confusing two different biological processes: evolution and digivolution. 




 "I like to watch you sometimes" - Pearl 




 Why don't you cook with onions? Onions are a staple of so many cuisines, a base for so many great dishes. You should stop putting them in your eye(s). 




 gonna not... 




 Theory: We'll see Opal again before the end of the week. 




 Statistics/probability and algebra are essential. Calculus, ODE's, and linear algebra are useful. 




 Oppreshuns. 




 Lapis's weapon is OP. Seriously. And I love it. 




 Mendeley. It's not perfect, but I like it better than the others. 




 ...shhh 




 When in doubt pinky out. 




 It means I could deform you into a teacup. 




 Back and forth forevers. 




 Nothing like sharing GI tracts with the one you love most.

Did you know people are topologically donuts? 




 Zaheer. 




 Yes yes, it's your favorite book, we get it. 




 My next piggy bank. 




  they are no longer in love

This just makes me so sad to hear. It was such a great story too. 




 Benny Lava: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIUrgAYmNsQ 




 Pooping back and forth forevers. 




 "were wildly in love" I'm sorry. 




 You seem like fairly competitive of an applicant given your experiences. 




 Most of the unrefromed villains in ATLA. Azula, Tarlok, Kuvira. Fuck Unalaq though. 




 Well he did have sex with Suki. 




 Ginger from As Told by Ginger. 




 Pacifica Northwest from Gravity Falls. 




 Oh he knows. 




 Pretty much every attempt to make the "next" Hunger Games-like teen dystopian action franchise. 




 Avatar, Benjamin Button Head, Holy Motors, Dragon Cumberbatch, Dawn of the Rise of the Planet of the Apes, and a lot of video games. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcEjSvUiqeY 




 Really not the same thing at all. Good movie though. 




 Yes, your boobs will grow long flowing beautiful blond locks of hair. 




  and try to keep my own to a minimum. I'm kind of a dick and I'm alright with that

Hmm - Fry Face. 




 Wait, why didn't you just get the manager to argue with them? 




 Yeah! Screw you ISIS. 




 Yeah, lbh, katara is about as plain as the nose on egg's face. 




 ...There *were* the dubbed over (was it Spanish?) leaks from Book 3... 




 I... I feel like he must be trolling. I am curious whether ATLA was ever dubbed into Japanese. 




 MATHCOUNTS, AMC, AIME, USAMO, and ARML. 




 That sweet baby, making sweet love... 




 There is no God. There is only Gore. - Al Gore The Gorious. 




 That sweet, sweet, baby love making... 




 A Gay Girl in Damascus.

 Amina Abdallah Arraf al Omari was a fictional character or hoax persona created and maintained by American Tom MacMaster.[1] The identity was presented as a Syrian-American blogger, identifying herself as a lesbian on her weblog A Gay Girl In Damascus and blogging in support of increased civil and political freedom for Syrians. During the 2011 Syrian uprising, a posting on the blog purportedly by "Amina's" cousin claimed that Amina was abducted on 6 June 2011. This sparked a strong backlash from the LGBT community and was covered widely in mainstream med

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay_Girl_In_Damascus 




 Well I didn't... WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT ME =( 




 Al Gore 3: The Smirkening. 




 ...I thought he meant forests where they hunt ducks. But yeah, your explanation makes more sense. 




 We're sending immigrants your way Canada. 




 Drought, coastal flooding, hot summers in most places, cold winters in some places, tropical diseases migrating to mid-lattitudes, biodiversity loss, stress on ecological services, stress on agricultural systems, the rise of Canada as a the breadbasket of North America, the opening of the northwest passage to ships, and Al Gore smirking a lot. 




 Pathogens. The one evolutionary force we can always count on is host-pathogen interactions. 




 How does "selection" being a *sub*component of "natural selection" make linguistic sense? I assert that your term "selection" is an ill-defined colloquialism. What the second component in your list should be is "differential reproductive success" or "differential fitness". It doesn't even make sense to call it "selection" because that term has colloquial connotations of a conscious entity making some kind of choice based on an undefined property, it has no place as a formal term in evolutionary biology. "Selection" is not specific enough of a phrase to describe what it actually is. The whole point of calling the process *natural selection* is to suggest that nature itself, without conscious intent, can also "select", as an analogy to selection, which connotes intention. And when evolutionary biologists refer to a concept called "selection", it always is shorthand for "natural selection" unless otherwise specified. 




  Natural selection is the process by which the environment selects which organisms reproduce.

This is false. Natural selection is the partial evolutionary change due to fitness, genotype covariance. It concerns the differential inheritance of genetic characters from one generation to the next due to fitness differences. Look up Price and Ewen's interpretations of Fisher's Fundamental Theorem of Natural Selection.

Differential reproduction that is not due to fitness differences does not count as selection. An environmental event which kills a random proportion of a population regardless of their genes is just another example of genetic drift, which is the part of evolutionary change due to neutral random sampling. Your "plain natural selection" is a colloquialism which does not exist as a formal term in evolutionary biology. 




 Don't know why you're getting voted down. Fisher's fundamental theorem of natural selection, as interpreted through Price's equation, equates natural selection with the partial evolutionary change due to fitness, genotype covariance. 




 Evolution is not linear. It's a branching process.

Also, what is a "type". That's a subjective category, and therefore the idea that "types" only turn into new species of the same "type" is not meaningful because it is a statement about things which are not properly defined. That should immediately clue you in to the fact that the statement is untenable, and that there are major gaps in your conceptual understanding. So my answer to the question, is there proof that species of a "type" turn into species of a different "type", is that the question is ill-defined. 




 The 2C target is basically impossible to achieve at this point except in the most extreme mobilization efforts. The train left 5-10 years ago. But from a public relations and a political policy standpoint, no one's gonna officially move the target to a more realistic 3C or 4C. 2C is the agreed upon goal between nations, and there's a risk of nations abandoning efforts all together if anyone tries to move the target upwards, which may result in a worse outcome than sticking with the already agreed upon but now ultimately unattainable goal. Maybe not, but no one's taking the risk of trying to get nations to agree on a *new* goal.

tl;dr The 2C target is more political than scientific at this point. 




 Kick it into twelfth gear. 




 HURGHH can't wait. 




 Her date's, obviously. 




 Iron Sky. Who doesn't love Nazis from the dark side of the moon attacking a United States where Sarah Palin is president. 




 *HIJKLMAO 




 Is key the kenan or kel of key and peele? 




 tl; 




 Any insights into how people did literature search or kept up with current research? I just use Google scholar... 




 Playing devil's advocate, what if you're interested in science writing and communication? 




 Mendeley for all my pdfs, and a stack of paper copies of the most important papers related to my current project. 




 WHAT DID WE DO? 




 yes. 




 Avatar the Last Airbender. 




 The 90s become retro and thus fashionable again.

Edit: Point being, the future trend you can count on is the old trend becoming trendy again. Retrendence. 




 Guys, this means we officially have more seasons than Gravity Falls. 




 The endgame is crystal gem human instrumentality using Steven as a bridge. 




 What amazes me about it is he didn't back out of the race despite urging from other Republicans. 




 Too soon. Ghazan fits the bill though. 




