

















































 it can be yours, just need to take down the potato terrorist 












































 if any action director are to remake The Birds, it should be John Woo 









 how can private school not drop their price when state school are free? 














 What point he is making? it is impossible for any Isis supporter to want to make a Isis cake 





























 Won't the vote fail due to tax issue? 




 who is your sugardaddy? 





























 does this mean Ronaldo will be endorsing boner pill and phonesex hotline soon? that image rights deal cannot be cheap for Lim. he have to be making a lot of new endorsement deal to turn a profit 









 dont Mormons ask that same question? 




 the only solution

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lO2-YxWkRxk 




 requesting RAAF immediate airstrike with incendiary ordinance 




 he escape from max security prison, if he live, may likely be sent to supermax, that may not be a life worth living 














 did Colin Farrell also get the shotgun to the dick treatment?  




 some man just want to see the world burn 









 damn, abstinence really changed since my time at school. 









 this is only dumb if he is trying to not get caught, surely not the case here 
























 riot will breakout and the government will fall if this happen 




 i like the boys to be doing gangsta stuff, not this gov secret mission plot line that seen out of place with the gangster lifestyle. 




 Season 1 was awesome, but Season 2 seen to lost its way a bit 



















 maybe he should be 




 nothing happened would be the future of road rage 



















 the prosecution got a slam dunk case here. the lawyer have to play the long shot. 




 a clean version of hell according to the warden

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/supermax-a-clean-version-of-hell/


Most prisoners spend up to 23 hours a day in their cells, every minute, every meal. The window in their cell is blocked so they can't see the mountains. Inmates can watch a 12" black and white television or read books to pass the time. And if they behave, they may get limited exercise in a one-man recreation pen. 

This was the life terrorist Richard Reid saw when he was brought into Supermax.

"We're escorting him down and his eyes are getting bigger and bigger. He's realizing, 'I'm in trouble,'" Hood says of Reid's arrival.  




 he is joining the most exclusive club of terrorist, gangster, spies, white supremacist and black supremacist

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADX_Florence#Notable_current_inmates 
























 hover board have been created yesterday 




 wait for his realization moment and TIFU post on reddit 



















 so console are true mustard race? 









 cant the government of those countries most effected by this just give away free condom and free needle exchange? these kind of program are not expensive and many foreign donor can help.  that is unless they have moral objection to the program. 









 he did admit his guilt and say he is sorry 









 the second part of it will be Conan and Andy assemble a couch from Ikea  









 car made in china have been increasing in quality rapidly, a few years ago they are total garbage, now they are ok quality, just boring economic cars with unspectacular performance. in a few more years. they may become a real global player 









 he is currently running wild on Gawker in his sex tape case 




 the gang need to team up again after the nWo threaten global domination  
























 but the Donald already told us he is really rich 









 it could be worst, he could have already been executed in other states 









 all of them have their own spying program. French also spy on US official, German spy on French ... 




 did that student also lecture Daniel Day-Lewis on the nuances of acting? 

















































 there are just too many busybody these days, 30 years ago adult that see kids running around did not even blink an eye, now it is like the kids are in mortal danger the moment they get out of the door alone.  









 they should team up for a special campaign event, that would be a show i pay to see 




 the question would be, is it with the same people 




 the couple should be responsible for the guest they invited, the hotel should sue them for damage 



















 last time i check, he is giving away clemency for non violent drug offenders 





























 the bigger problem with Russia is they freak out about the US weapon system and bankrupt themselve to try keeping up with the development, both can end up with useless weapon system but one country will be broke. 














 one is a total removal of one racial group from a geographical location, another is a flood of bogus tips that was acted on by authority under huge pressure to do something after the attack.  




 this is two very different situation, there are more than 100k Japanese american that was sent to the internment camp, basicly clearing the west coast of Japanese. there are only 751 Muslim detained after 9/11.  




 why shooting keep happening in gun safety class?  














 he should have paid attention at Jedi school, else he will never get arrested after some Jedi mind trick 




 she clearly never read William Shakespeare's Star Wars, those books are the bomb. 




 how will they survive? how can they live on after such tragic disaster? 




 goddam internet spoiler, i have not yet finish the 1000 page biography of Napoleon. 




 did they have x-ray vision? cause that is what you need to see vagina shape. 




 how perverted you have to be to be able to see the shape of a vagina through leotard? 














 not a problem for meth kingpin 





























 they already dictate all kinds of things to their drives 














 he should learn from Charles Manson, even when he implemented Helter Skelter  during a time of high tension, it failed even with the shocking level of violent killing. starting race war are not easy 



















 you better call you local congressman to demand NASA budget be increased, manned mission cost a shit load of money 




 did someone misprint the AIDS prevention manual? 



















 for medical reason? 




 get Alex Jones on the writting staff and you can get some conspiracy 














 i am surprised that they did not take down Jackson when considering putting a woman on a note. 









 of course not all, but someone close to him must have know about his white supremacy view, since he is not even hiding it. 




 the sequel focusing on the true story behind the corruption scandal would be a box office hit, hollywood need to get this in development now. 









 Top Gear have been rebooted before, it can be rebooted again 




 to be fair, just one of stooges is all about the powah 



















 if the crime is high profile 




 Nobody in my family had seen anything like this coming, Cowles said. I said, if it is him, and when they catch him, hes got to pay for this.

did no one in the family see his apartheid jacket?  









 #themannislives!

#teamstannisnoregrets 

in season 6, Stannis will rise again 









 why is Kimmy mindfucking the world with this?
 




 flakka 



















 Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter and the gods are appeased  




 those engraved 1911 look sweat 
























 bedroom anti fapping poster. 









 i thought Disney is swimming in cash after Frozen and all the Marvel movies? plus the Star War movie are likely to break box office record. is this the company that really need to consider layoffs this year? 




 she need Jon's dick to recharge 




 it improve every season, in season 3 and 4 they have the best comedy ensemble on tv today.  




 there must have been some precedent to this situation 














 this is the plot for episode 1 of black mirror season 2, a male sex bot with complete carnal knowledge and willingness to follow every order and listen to every word 




