



















 If you think a job that requires 18 months continuous training and assessment is semi-skilled then I don't know what to tell you. A bachelor's degree is only 12 months full time over three years. 

Basic is around 42k most drivers are required to work rest days and many find themselves working 6 or 7 day weeks - the best paid drivers earn as much as 60k but work insane overtime to achieve that kind of take home.
 




 This is three unions rather than just the RMT, and two of those unions haven't attempted strike action in a decade.

While I don't think the RMT behave reasonably and frequently seem tone deaf in approaching strike action, having worked inside the underground system designing software for them, the tube unions have a *very* real point about pay and conditions. NHS staff, particularly the nurses, could learn a great deal from their approach to collective bargaining.

The figures bandied around for what tube drivers earn are mostly nonsense and far from the average wage. Conditions have reached a point where drivers are having to limit their fluid intake because they can't easily use the toilet. Some of what goes on down there beggars belief.

It's also worth pointing out that the RMT's successful bargaining means they're the only group of labourers in the country whose wages have kept pace with inflation decadally - it's not that the drivers are overpaid, it's that everyone else is underpaid. 




 You'd be better to go to Clapham Junction and change at East Croydon - you'll have more/faster train options that way - its about 40 mins from CJ and is pretty reliable. 














 The austerity certainly isn't helping but the Greek economy was a mess to begin with - restrictive trade practices via closed/capped licensing in more than 70 professions, tax dodging was and remains a national pass-time, public sector non-jobs all over the place.

While I agree with you on austerity all the arguments made against the euro were made against the dollar when it became a 'new' thing, and despite endless predictions of doom the Euro has thrived for the most part. If you live in central Europe, as I have, it makes a great deal more sense than the old system. 




 Interesting. There seemed to be a great deal of hope that he was the man to sort the mess out.

I don't think there is any doubt that that Greece failed to reform its economy over the last 20 years, but it does appear that the Greek people have gotten an exceptionally raw deal from the eurozone since. 




 Any clue what he did that was so poisonous?

By all accounts he's a very well respected economist. 














 Management can usually scare up enough people to run a skeleton service but more lines are affected this time and this suggests that they expect the strike to be well observed 




 You should be able to get the number [11 bus](https://tfl.gov.uk/bus/route/11/). 




 Those catch fences are incredibly tough! 




 Do you know if the other overground train services are affected as well? e.g. Southern, Thameslink etc. 




 My birthday too. Fortunately my plans are near Waterloo assuming the overground trains are unaffected (big assumption). 




 The ASLEF, RMT, Unite and TSSA unions are currently planning strike action, affecting London Underground. 

If the strike goes ahead, there will be no Tube service from late afternoon on Wednesday 8 July and no Tube service at all on Thursday 9 July. 

[TfL's strikes page is here](http://info.tfl.gov.uk/re?l=D0I9xw8kdI2vce318If) 














 Not much prorating required here - Hamilton has only 157 race starts - even Schumacher couldn't beat Stewart's record in 307 starts and several equally dominant cars (also notable that Stewart had several dominant cars too). 














 You just have to lead one lap. Career laps led is a separate statistic. 




 He was an elected Conservative first and was vocally opposed to the turn of the century Liberal government. All that changed over trade policy.

Besides which the Liberal Unionists merged with the Conservatives rather than the other way around.  




 No. He still the led the race when Rosberg was in the pits.

I feel compelled to point out that Hamilton dragged Rosberg off the line four or five times last season. 




 They should be pleased with themselves they really deserve it.

Also the first time I feel like I've seen something of Bottas's true potential on the track. 









 It's been 12 years since they were regular contenders for wins (obviously Maldonado won in 2012 but that was an outlier result), the team need to build experience and sim data to help them make such calls well - thats just going to take time. 

This result is great news, beat the Ferrari's in qualifying and overtook Merc of the line - so happy to see Williams back where they belong! 




 Actually I've been watching F1 for nearly 40 years, and you apparently don't know a great deal about how teams, aero and engine manufacturers work together or what the possibilities are from that cooperation. None of those diffusers would have worked without Renault's design efforts - not one.

Mercedes did a fantastic job getting their engine into a chassis designed for Honda's PU, but Brawn said at the time that they picked Mercedes as a supplier because it was the engine that 'best fitted' the chassis they had.

Sure Renault find themselves in a bad situation, no worse than any in the history of the sport, but still very bad. But it's not 100% their fault. They don't appear to have a partner they can work together with to solve the *team's* problems. 




 As a British fan that start was the best thing I've seen in years. Brilliant race too - everything you could possibly want! 




 Everytime I see the replay from his perspective I wonder if Rosberg was too focused on Hamilton - it does appear he could have closed the door on the Williams.  




 Oh god, the usual quote-back/you're stupid nonsense from the Kiptard contingent. *sigh*. Called stupid in less than three comments FFS - I wish I was surprised.

- We're not talking about the Tories and criticism of one party's policy isn't an automatic comparison with or acceptance of any other party's policy.

- UKIP say they want to *increase* defense spending to 2% of GDP, but our existing spending is 2.1% of GDP down from 2.4% in 2010. They also want to go back to 2010 troop levels and capability whilst replacing trident and spending around 400 million on a dedicated military hospital. Usual inconsistency from UKIP but this all adds up to a *huge* increase in defense oriented spending.

- Yes they do favor harsh restrictions on immigrants and their policy actually is a disincentive to the free-trade policy they advocate elsewhere. Read the manifesto and think through the effect of their policy. If, for example, a senior member of a US company wanted to move here they would be dragged through a points based system (this takes 12 - 18 months right now and costs 3 - 5k) and so would their family members wishing to join them - each family member would have to pass the same system as the policy is presently written.

- They want to leave the the world's largest free trade bloc (the EU) in order to make free-trade agreements with every other country independently. However there are only 25 countries globally not in trading blocs and our interfaces with those trading blocs are all through the EU. They advocate no other forms of international cooperation other than trade and specifically wish to favor the 'Anglosphere' when trading.

In short Kiptard's specialise in ignorant one dimensional thinking and wish you guys would read the big book political theories before vomiting your crap online. 




 Absolutely true - I should have made that clearer. 




 I think they'd like to claim they're libertarians and there are certainly elements of libertarian policy in their dicta, but they're as fundamentally Statist of a group as I can think of having read the manifesto - they're certainly not a party of small government given the sheer volume of rules they wish to impose.

They want huge increase in defence spending, their base favors harsh policing and criminal justice policies, harsh restrictions on immigrants and they anti-international co-operation on anything but trade and even then they'd like it all their own way - all authoritarian values.

 




 Thats a matter of your perception (and theirs). By *pure* policy position UKIP are a right wing party with authoritarian social and economic values. 









 Ha! Some of it, some I culled from a similar discussion I was having yesterday on the same point. 




 When you look at enacted policy across the political spectrum in this country you realise that all governments are centre right, and there is an obvious decadal rightward drift among all parties - inertia meaning that the further right UKIP drift, the further right *all* parties drift. 

By enacted policy there isn't a credible centrist party in the UK, nor is there a credible left wing party, although there are parties that have left wing members and some elements of traditional left wing ideas - all parties are centre right. How individuals view their party alignments appears to me to be a function of where they think the centre is more than any other factor.

That drift is most obvious in the US right now (although UKIP's effect on all party's policy demonstrates the same effect). Obama is basically a Reagan era moderate Republican with liberal personal social values, and the Republicans have gone so far to the right that they sound like a fringe party on almost any subject. Trump's candidacy being the zenith of that drift.

Churchill for example had this to say on the NHS:-

The discoveries of healing science must be the inheritance of all. That is clear: Disease must be attacked,  whether it occurs in the poorest or the richest man or woman simply on the ground that it is the enemy; and it must be attacked just in the same way as the fire brigade will give its  full assistance to the humblest cottage as readily as to the  most important mansion.Our policy is to create a national health service in order to ensure that everybody in the country, irrespective of means, age, sex, or occupation, shall have equal opportunities to benefit from the best and most up-to-date medical and allied services available.

No modern Conservative would recognise the post war Conservative party's policy positions as being truly Conservative outside of their views on personal social policy i.e. homosexuality and marrige. 




 Friedman assumed that 'people' would all, or at least mostly, be shareholders in the corporations and there would therefore be social pressure on these organisations to act toward the benefit of the communities they were part of as well as financial benefit for everyone.

That hasn't happened. Major corporations are owned, in the main, by other corporations, institutions, and private investment companies - and therefore act only in the interests of increasing financial reward at all costs. Meaning, sadly, those corporations have no social value at all.

If there is a single problem in the capitalist system we now live in it's shareholder value versus social value - there is too much of the former and not enough of the latter. 









 They do, its a shame they get no credit for their efforts. 




 He made a heroic effort to be part of the 2015 election campaign. I had hoped he was making a recovery, but I guess this news suggests otherwise. 




 I suspected as much. Sad really. 




 Its interesting that both Cameron and Boris got their press secretaries from the BBC, yet continually claim the organisation is biased against them.

The election night broadcast was allegedly biased against the Tories  despite being led by the Bullingdon club alumni Dimbleby and equally famous Tory Andrew Neil.

Bias obviously means something else to the Tories.  














 5 championships, 6 conference titles, 20 division titles and someone who is generally held to be one of the best coaches in the game, being the longest tenured and most successful active coach in both the NBA and all US major sports leagues. 




 A small speaker gently but audibly playing classical music deters a surprising amount of people. But:-

- Find out where your local [Ward Panel](http://content.met.police.uk/Article/Getting-Involved/1400006229542/1400006229542) meets and go to the meeting and complain loudly, make certain at the end of the meeting they set reducing ASB and street drinking as a [panel promise/priority (this is the main goal)](http://safer-london.info/22.html). Talk to the sergeant after the meeting about what steps can be taken.

- Call your local councillors, get a meeting with them and your neighbourhood policing team to discuss what action can be taken. Bring neighbours along, show that the problem is affecting many people.

- Ensure you call 101 *every* time this happens. The response will be useless but if the neighbourhood team don't have the reports coming from CAD they won't be allowed the resources to deal with the problem.

- If all else fails find out the borough commander's name and email firstname.surname@met.pnn.police.uk with your complaint. Explain what steps you've taken, how many reports you've made, and include photos. 




 That's not true at all. Renault deserve enormous credit for innovations like RBR's many diffusers - which rely on Renault engineers and installers to make them work on the car.

F1 is a team sport, the chassis does not work without the engine and you can't bugger about with the movement of exhaust gases at the back of the car in any way without tremendous work from your engine and fuel suppliers.

This isn't the middle school playground and the amount of crass, uninformed bitching going on these days is ruining many of the discussions on this sub.

The early part of every engine era is marked by these kind of problems - this is how we advance our understanding of technologies and create innovative leaps.
 




 He also just lost his poles record place to Hamilton, so it can't have been a very good day for him given how much he loves the stats. 




 That's my struggle with the line up of candidates at the moment, I'm just not convinced by any of them - the whole contest surrounds what wing of the party is behind which candidate. Its more about our coalition's differences than any clear view of which direction the country needs to go in.

Corbyn has been allegedly thrown in for the sake of debate, but what debate? It's like watching four of the seven dwarves talk to each other. 




 Outside of the service charge yes, per unit that might be true, but they're omitting the service charge. 




 When you look at enacted policy across the political spectrum in this country you realise that all governments are centre right, and there is an obvious decadal rightward drift - inertia meaning that the further right UKIP drift, the further right *all* parties drift. There isn't a credible centrist party in the UK, nor is there a credible left wing party, although there are parties that have left wing members and some elements of traditional left wing ideas. How individuals view their party alignments appears to me to be a function of where they think the centre is more than any other factor.

That drift is most obvious in the US right now. Obama is basically a Reagan era moderate Republican with more liberal personal social values, and the Republicans have gone so far to the right that they sound like a fringe party on almost any subject. Trump's candidacy being the zenith of that drift.

Churchill for example had this to say on the NHS:-

The discoveries of healing science must be the inheritance of all. That is clear: Disease must be attacked,  whether it occurs in the poorest or the richest man or woman simply on the ground that it is the enemy; and it must be attacked just in the sane way as the fire brigade will give its  full assistance to the humblest cottage as readily as to the  most important mansion.Our policy is to create a national health service in order to ensure that everybody in the country, irrespective of means, age, sex, or occupation, shall have equal opportunities to benefit from the best and most up-to-date medical and allied services available.

No modern Conservative would recognise the post war Conservative party's policy positions as being truly Conservative outside of their views on personal social policy.

So is this era about personal values or the ability of a given set of people to communicate policy ideas and values and is left/right even useful anymore? 

Are our politicians simply selling think tank's ideas with the right messages given their respective bases? 




 During the last European election campaign Blair did a spot on Radio 4. He summed up in two sentences why Europe was important and why we should stay in it - something no other politician achieved.

Anyone listening realised immediately that there wasn't a politician in any party even half as good as Blair was and is.

We will only win if we find someone with his clarity and communication skills - I don't see anyone in the leadership election with a tenth of his potential at the same stage. 




 Ted K and everyone else are reporting the same thing. Alonso has a leak and they can't fix it. Right now they're sticking the floor back on, crossing their fingers, and hoping the car survives a lap. 

How is it sensationalistic to report news? 




 The big problem for me wasn't so much the part, it was the fact that the bumper, grill, and about half a dozen other bits needed to come off to get to the light clusters. I just didn't have the space to do it or the tools to align them properly. 




 You understand that it's Andrew Benson's job to do this during race weekends right? 




 Good work there. eBay's a great source for parts - I wished I could have found a set of headlights on there. 









 They do, that's true, but having re-designed the billing system for one of the major suppliers in the last few years I have little sympathy for them - electronic systems in the industry are a disaster as is the underlying infrastructure and that's simply down to underinvestment and lack of will on the part of the government and the industry. 

IMO what they're really doing is using the charge to cover debt losses for the poorest consumers. 




 The whole PAYG energy situation is the definition of an exploitative business practice. 









 They can, but as you say, in a debt situation they are locked in to a supplier. Even if you're not locked in the actual cost is irrelevant because there is a whopping 3 of every 10 charge for having a PAYG meter in the first place and the companies charge sky high unit prices no matter which one you go with. 

















































 Quite amazing that this 'Journalist' hasn't noticed that a phalanx of middle eastern nations already are fighting ISIS with their own troops.  They fought Al Qaeda too. 









 Lotus is a licenced brand I doubt Renault would pay for it unless the cost of a name change is too high. So this would be goodbye Lotus v2 




 Basically yes i do think no one would watch, because it's all out there on youtube. 




 When it comes to cars the actual cost of the part matters very little.

Knowing, for example, that I can obtain a 3rd party part for n amount doesn't mean that I know, or can find out, the cost of the manufacturer part and it doesn't tell me the price range vs quality of third party parts. 

It also doesn't allow me determine the amount of labour required. The part on the car may be seized or corroded - it may take time to get *to* the part that needs to be replaced.

The cost of a head gasket won't tell you how long it takes to rebuild the engine. 




 People in short. The reason Top Gear v1 ended the way it did was that there was no longer a real need for a consumer motoring show.

The 'old' Top Gear team went on to produce 5th Gear and their viewing number are also reflective of the lack of market for such a show. 




 I think its just a reflection of a strategic choice on Renault's part. 




  Ken's Venezuelan oil

The difference is that Ken was attempting to keep the cost of transport for the public down. 

Boris is attempting to turn the Fire Brigade into a profit centre, and while those a different approaches to the same goal, historically such efforts in the NHS have led to a drop in operational standards. 




 I think in the background of all of this they were attempting a political takeover of the sport through breaking up FOTA and looking towards a commercial rights buyout - but they lost the battle over the regs and were outmaneuvered by Mercedes politically as well as outperformed on the track. 

CVC was an odd partner choice at the time but my guess is this was Bernie outmaneuvering a RBR aligned buyer. Its interesting that a company led by the man who sued Bernie for bribery is now in the frame to buy the commercial rights, along with a Quatari company with links to RBR.

This is why RBR have chucked their toys out of the pram, they lost the battles and lost the war. Now they're stuck with Renault because they don't want a 'B' Ferrari engine, can't have a Mercedes one, can't get an 'A' spec Honda engine (Ron Dennis isn't stupid), and don't have any other options.

But they have overplayed their hand again and pissed Renault off. Now they have no remaining options. 




 The debate always takes place at the extremes of what you can get in certain circumstances and adds universal benefits like child benefit to the total to make an argument, but very few people get that kind of money. 

I have friends who have to find an additional 55 a week on top of their housing benefit to pay the rent, but only get 53 a week spending money. In effect the government is running people into arrears to reduce the deficit and using a moral approach to the argument rather than a pragmatic one. The basic theory is that people on benefits don't want to work - but that isn't true in the majority of cases, even if it is true for some. 




 Given the apparent extent of the relationship breakdown I think it does. Renault didn't get enough credit from the WDC's, RBR appear to be not only dumping on Renault (only some of which is deserved) but also actively pursuing other engine manufacturers. 

I imagine Renault have asked themselves if RBR are a reliable partner going forward and concluded they're not. 




 We bought a new fridge recently. In every shop we went to the assistants talked to my partner about features and turned to me to talk about money and delivery. Its the level of sexist assumption that bothers me. 




 Absolutely. 




 Given the extent of the work the garages needed the car to be left there overnight. 




 I could have done the job but no one had the right lamp housings on eBay, none of the home fixes for fogging worked, and the space I had to work with was simply too cramped to get the bumper off the car or fix the alignment issues, added to which the car needed a lot of other work so, having found a reasonable price, it made sense to get it done elsewhere. 




 It was. I got the car for a song and the engine, bodywork and interior are perfect - it's a much better car than I could have afforded otherwise - so I didn't spend more than the car was worth in the end, but we only found out at MOT how badly off the suspension was. 

The only thing that really pissed me off was that because of an unnoticed leaking valve and my partner getting a wheel over a kerb at speed and damaging a sidewall we also needed three new tyres. 




 The reason they're in F1 is marketing - they've said this - the deal with RBR is not getting them helpful exposure and the way RBR has behaved has not helped Renault one iota.

Essentially they're saying the money is irrelevant compared to the marketing value of the sport, they want to be involved in the sport, but need to have greater exposure and be in control of their own press.

Mercedes successful involvement along with the recovery from global recession has changed the maths for manufacturers, as has the sport making entries into new countries the world over and taking the US seriously at last. 




 New car to us, but actually 10 year old Passat Highline. The front of the headlight casings had fogged completely, but no new bulbs were needed as the ones in it were brand new high intensity bulbs, the alignment was also badly off. 

Its a complicated job to replace them as you have to take the front end off the car to get to the lamp housings otherwise I'd have done it myself (I did try, but conditions in my driveway are too cramped). The rest of the work was new suspension arm rubber bushes all round, osf suspension arm ball joint dust cover, nsf/osf tie rod rubber bush, pads, discs, and a brake caliper (all the brake calipers were seized) plus a new centre brake light.

I just couldn't get over the cost of two new headlamp units from the dealer.  




 You only have so much time to dedicate to these things, and it's not as if you can shop around on the internet, for major work the mechanics need to have the car to give you a price. 

My partner and I both work full time and when our car needed work we both lost wages trying to find a reasonable price for a fix - and that was only going to two places - so we took the second quote. If the first hadn't been on its face unreasonable I would have taken that one for the simple reason that I was losing money by other means trying to sort the problem.

It's all very well to say you can shop around but who has that kind of time? 




 It would help if the only active consumer protection body in the country was someone other than the EU (who do a very good job). The house of commons and government essentially gave up on consumer regulation, especially of finance, 30 years ago. We've come to specialise in toothless regulatory bodies that are expensive to run and produce pathetic outcomes. 




 Dad passed away 13 years ago so this would have been in the 80s early 90s, engine maps barely existed. 




 Tuned the engines properly. Also realised that our main family car had the turbo gate stuck in inspection mode.

Top man. 




 One of my dad's close friends was an Aston Martin testing and development engineer (god rest the pair of them), turned our family cars into rocket ships! 




 I've used them a couple of times, they're certainly overpriced - 75 for a mid-range tyre compared to e-tyres who install at your home/office and will fit a premium tyre for 80. But when you need something sorted this minute they've done good quality work for me and been nice about it. 




 Theoretically that's exactly what Kwik Fit are supposed to be.

Whole thing is crazy though. Dealer quoted me 2.5k to repair my car a few months back, two new headlights alone were 800 (175.75 for each part plus labour). In the end I found a place that did all the work for 850 (although we had to put up with their somewhat laid back approach to paperwork) and a non-manufacturer Hella pair of headlights turned out to cost 50 each. 




 Red Bull really have overplayed their hand in F1 politics.  




 Londonist ususally has a good roundup of free/cheap/paid events http://londonist.com/weekend/things-to-do-in-london-this-weekend-4-5-july-2015 




 Streatham Common has a beautiful Victorian garden and woodland if you want to cool off.  




 Its hard to say without knowing the role specifics or skillset but a team lead / manager / senior engineer in desktop support is around 50k GBP at the top end of the market. General desktop support worker is around 25k.

50k is also where you'd come out in a straight currency conversion from $78k so I'd suggest that what you should seek.

Average income in the UK is around 24k, subsistence level income in London is around 20k so you should be comfortably off on 50k. 

To give you some idea of pricing. A Zone 1 - 3 weekly travelcard (covers bus, train, tram and tube) is 37.70, a pint of beer is 4.50 - 4.80 depending on the area, chinese takeaway is around 7 - 10 per head, a Starbucks Grande Latte is 2.60 as is a Big Mac. 












































 Yep. Apparently thats how Monmouth University roll. 




 By the standards of this contest Lindsey Graham *is* a moderate! 







































 Stop. Really. You're just embarrassing yourself. 









 You just live in a fantasy world. Go back to your school and demand the education they clearly failed to provide you.

I just re-read the thread. Normally I assume that people can understand things when they're explained properly, but the brain crushing ignorance of KipTards just staggers me. You'll literally say anything, vomit out any crap, to try and pretend you have a point no matter the weight of evidence to the contrary - the stuff you've written above about the free trade areas is just... crap. Total unmitigated crap. I'm actually surprised you can operate a computer. 

Kippers really are the Birthers of the UK. 




 I laughed out loud reading this, rarely has a Kipper managed to spout so much nonsense in one comment.

- Manufacturers want to sell one product to one set of regulations in as many places as possible, so much so that they often design around the cross regulation issues. You'll notice that many new cars have daytime running lights which allow them to be sold in scandinavian markets, and left/right headlight switches so the same vehicle can be sold in the UK and France with only software changes. Regulation codes are the single biggest problem businesses have and business spends tens of millions each year lobbying for changes.

- ONR is an operational safety body, it does not design or spec nuclear reactors and you, sir, are obviously an idiot to claim what you have here. Hinkley Point C, the first of eight UK sites, is presently being constructed. It's two *European* Pressurised Reactors are being built to a French Design which has become an EU standard by two French companies. EDF, one of those companies, will own the land and the plant along with the output (we are of course subsiding the build). This makes sense since they bought British Energy lock stock and barrel in 2009 and basically now own our entire nuclear industry. If we leave the EU this will prove highly problematic because their business runs to EU standards and is regulated by the EU, not us. Same situation in rail, water, fossil energy, parts of the oil industry, and Alliance Boots (our largest Pharmacy network) is also wholly European owned.

- I've worked for SWIFT, you simply don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about there. I assumes from the crap you've vomited that you simply read wiki. Iran isn't even the only country barred from the network.

- ISO manage the standards that US and now UK plugs are built to, because NEMA and BS have harmonised their standards through ISO. The UK is a voting member of ISO so we do actually have a role in the electrical and manufacturing standards US plugs are built to.

I see that you have become confused after claiming:

The current situation with the EU is the exception, leaving the EU would just put us in the same position we are with every other country.


And could not understand it when you were so obviously wrong. 

In fact almost all countries in the world are involved in some kind of economic integration or free trade area - there is even a handy  [map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multilateral_free_trade_agreements#Operating_agreements) showing how wrong you are. The list next to it shows many free trade areas, and our ability to trade in those areas is conducted through the EU. So leaving the EU wouldn't put the UK in the 'same position as every other country' as you claim, it would actually set us at odds with the overwhelming majority of other countries.

Many Tories and Kippers claimed during Indyref that Scotland couldn't possibly renegotiate all these agreements and would therefore be unable to trade across large parts of the world. The same applies to England.

Your UKIPCrapFu is obviously strong, having made personal attacks claim the other person started it and you show classic KipTard misdirection when wrong - shout louder, claim the opposition is stupid and hope nobody notices how wrong you are.

Seriously, there is a whole world out there if you would just educate yourself about how it operates.
 




 The net effect of UKIP's immigration and trade policy together will achieve exactly that - and that is by design. Few if any would make it through the system he is proposing and each family member that wanted to join them would have to go through the same points based process. Its profoundly ludicrous and a profound disincentive to business.

The answer to your second question is 'How can you have free trade for businesses without a free labour market for people?' You can't. If a business is free to trade with another in the UK how can it do so when every member of its staff has to be dragged through the same months long process in order to complete a simple deal. They'll just go find a partner in a country with less restrictive policies - there are many to choose from. How could a manufactuer set up a UK base and bring over experienced staff to train new staff under those circumstances!

UKIP *is* proposing that the UK should stand alone. Farage's fantasy is that outside the EU the size of the UK economy will be attractive enough that we will be able to make trade deals with everyone. He stated exactly this in a recent EU speech on the African migrant crisis - he wants an end to all free trade blocs in order to allow everyone to trade together. He doesn't seem to understand that this didn't work the first time around.

So why would America waste their time on a trade deal with one country when you could access the EU with only one deal, and use that as leverage to access NAFTA? It wouldn't happen - because it doesn't happen. Almost every country on earth is part of a [free trade bloc or union](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multilateral_free_trade_agreements#Operating_agreements) for a reason. You'll notice the ones that aren't are not exactly economic powerhouses. 




 You could make the same argument about the House of Lords and the House of Commons. Democratic institutions are a bear because they're run by people and people don't like change, and for the most part can't agree on anything.

It'll be the same once NAFTA and the EU merge, and the same when there is a global federal government.  









 Yes. But it all depends on where you think the centre is. 

The right wing justices voted with the Obama administration more this term than the left wing judges did, meaning the Obama administration won just 38% of its cases compared to an average between 60 - 70% per term for governments of all stripes. 

Scalia was in the majority in only 48 percent of this terms cases and Thomas in only 33 percent, which is historically low and very telling of the position of the court overall.

Also it wasn't just two issues on which the court leaned left - of course there was marriage equality, housing discrimination, Obamacare, and legislative districting but also a whole host of criminal justice issues that received much less attention (see link below).

It appears two forces are at work, the court has indeed leaned left this term, and the Obama administration has taken a much more authoritarian tack on criminal justice cases (but realistically everyone has a distorted view of the centre because both Republicans and Democrats are, by enacted policy, centre right parties).

[The two justices](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2015/06/supreme_court_liberal_on_criminal_justice_issues_clarence_thomas_sided_with.html) who cast the most votes against the administration this term were Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer, each opposing the administration in 71 percent of the cases. Justice Sonia Sotomayor isnt far behind, voting against the administration 67 percent of the time. Who voted the most with the administration? Justices Clarence Thomas and Anthony Kennedy, who each sided with the administration more often than not (in 52 percent of the cases). 




 My local coop looks like something out of a disaster movie already! 




 Climate IS NOT weather! 




 No leader of any political party in this country can even discuss the matter on a reasonable level - the nature of the early 90s Tory split and resulting debate was so poisonous that our relationship with Europe has become the third rail of British politics. UKIP has only poisoned that debate further with its hyperbolic statements on the subject. 




 Its just a shame the only ideas he has about solving the problems involve running away from them. 














 Deny it all you want but every study shows this is the case. 




 If you look at it from a short term perspective sure. The problem is that growing up in poverty limits both your prospects, your lifetime earnings, and increases the amount you need from the state, thereby limiting your contribution to the state. Its basically a generational problem and we are seeing record low levels of social mobility.

So insisting that another generation grow up with low educational attainment and spend their lives stuck in nothing jobs is simply spawning a new generation of benefit claimants.

Minimum incomes actually assist in resolving a long term problems and reduce future welfare bills. 




 It sounds like they've put together a franken-engine from the parts available in order to avoid a penalty. 









 Its great - but I can't emphasise this enough - Formula 1 doesn't own the content the national broadcasters do. FOM sells them the pictures and the rights to those pictures - the commentary is owned by the broadcaster.

The money F1 generates from TV rights is around $650 million a year, with another $650 million from race fees - this covers the $1.1 billion a year distributed to the teams.

A globalised streaming solution for F1, no matter how much I might desire one, isn't going to generate that kind of revenue, and that will directly affect the viability of the middle and lower grid teams.  









 I have, feel free to point out the factual errors. I realise Kippers like to pretend Farage is pro-immigration etc but to those of us who haven't sucked on his head it's obvious bollocks. 




 Its inconsistent because you say you want free trade, but then say that all markets must be regulated. What Farage, and apparently you, are seeking is deregulated trade markets with heavy personal border restrictions - two policies completely at odds with each other. Even Australia doesn't do this.

So you're happy to have your products regulated by the EU, and have companies regulated by the EU (which includes our entire nuclear industry, water industry, rail, energy, our largest pharmacy networks - all of which would be regulated by the EU because they're all owned by European companies), but have no control over that regulation? Really? I suppose that kind of illogic is what I should expect from Kippers.

We do have a means of regulating how banks in China and banks worldwide operate, its called SWIFT, it's based in Brussels and it controls and operates the network which connects all banks globally. Banks have to meet and observe certain standards to use it, and the EU regulates the trade of foreign owned banks operating within the EU.

We also have a voting role in regulating standards for American plugs through the International Standards Organisation incidentally.

The current situation is far from the exception. We are members of the World Trade Organisation via the EU, our interface with NAFTA is through the EU, as is our interface with the Asian Free Trade Area, Indian Free Trade Area, The Common Market For East and Southern Africa and dozens of others - EVERYONE is in a free trade area of some kind, as this handy [map shows](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multilateral_free_trade_agreements#/media/File:Economic_integration_stages_(World).png)

So, as I said earlier, Kippers want to leave all of that and sulk behind their little wall while everyone else trades happily together. 

Frankly the mendacious crap spewed by the likes of Farage and yourself appals me - you're astonishingly ignorant of world trade and how the world actually operates but sit there and snipe like you know what you're talking about.

Read a book, learn something FFS. 



















 Veto over Bernie's replacement, nothing else - since unanimity is required everyone's strategy group vote is effectively a veto.  




 Only time F1 governance has worked in the last 65 years was when Bernie and Max were aligned. 




 My, how deeply you have sucked on the head of Faragian wisdom. Sorry but the world just doesn't work that way - it never has.

A minute ago you were advocating free trade (Farage's vision is no restrictions on trade at all), but now 'every market must be regulated' - how inconsistent. Its not a false premise because one market feeds the other.

Incase you hadn't noticed the vehicle standards you refer to are the EuroEncap Standards - based on DfT research in the 80s - and its the EU that does the regulating. We would simply stick to those standards because we don't have a standards body (it wouldn't matter if we did), but we wouldn't have any say in what they were. Just as British vehicles sold overseas already obey those countries standards without involvement in the regulation.

Its the same with trade - we would be free to trade with whomever we wanted, so long as we obeyed their standards, but we would have no role at all in determining those standards. Norway, oft cited by Farage, says that it simply does what the EU asks (their trade minister laughed at Farage's comments and that's why our Nige stopped talking about them).

So the world Kippers are seeking is one in which Britian sits behind a wall and obeys every command given to it.
 




 No, he has no veto. The votes are balanced 6 each between the FIA, FOM and the teams, but unanimous agreement is required for anything to pass. 




 He's not the boss of F1, he's the Chairman of the rights holding company. F1 is run by the F1 Strategy Group (composed of the FIA, FOM, and the top 6 WDC teams) and their rulings have to then go through the F1 Commission (which is all the teams).

He has power, but he's not in charge of the sport, hasn't been for a very long time. 









 Our trading block is with the EU, they are the body through which we make trade agreements with the rest of the world. So, no, there isn't more to the world than the EU where trade is concerned.

But the most important questions underlying the debate are "How can you have free trade for business without a similarly free labour market for people?" and "How can you hope to compete economically with Russia, China, US   Canada, and the BRIC countries standing alone?"

Farage's answer is to close all borders to people, allow the businesses to do what they like, and hope our products are so good people will demand them and we don't lose the inevitable trade wars.

UKIP would like to close our borders and vet everyone who comes through against a points system - no other country does this or can do this, not even Australia - a country that has a half a dozen different immigration systems.

Farage just doesn't understand how immigration systems actually work worldwide and his theories on trade are a complete joke. People were having to stifle laughs during is recent speech on Africa. The man is an ignoramus.
 




 They have only one policy, to remove Britian from the world and throw up a fence around us in the vain and laughable hope that the world will be kind to us with it's trade policy and give us visa's to visit. 

Everything else is petty window dressing - you can tell that by the way Farage argues for a Aussie based points based system despite the fact that we have a points based immigration systems based on the Aussie one and have had since 2008. 



















 Ultranationalism. noun. extreme nationalism, especially when opposed to international cooperation.


Sound familiar? 




 When did I say that?

Commenting on the current state of the economy is only comparing it to the previous administration in your mind, not mine.

Economic policy is a matter of its time, you can't go back, we created solutions then to deal with the perceived problems we had then, now we have different problems. 




 You can't go back, you can only go forward.

And no you didn't set up a car and drive it, look at [Villeneuve's 81' Ferrari](http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/3b4x7k/inside_the_cockpit_of_gilles_villeneuves_1981/). The knob to the left of the steering wheel is the brake bias, the lever on the left with the cable coming out is most likely the rear sway bar adjuster, there is even a turbo boost adjustment control.

You can see similar buttons and controls in the [68' Lotus 49B](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/06/26/article-2671189-1F2967CB00000578-215_964x636.jpg) and again in [Lauda's 312B](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Ferrari+312B+cockpit safe=off es_sm=91 biw=1920 bih=1004 tbm=isch tbo=u source=univ sa=X ei=X5aSVaX4IYypsAGpwKWIDA ved=0CCAQsAQ#imgrc=AcS9yIqbyxP8hM%3A) 




 I'm not going to accept that commenting on the real state of the economy is anti-Tory or pessimism, thats just Faragian bloviating typical of the ultra right.

Every one of Osborne's plans have failed and the growth in wages is happening only at the top end, whereas the jobs are all being created at the bottom end - in the middle everyone is being crippled by rent or house prices. 









 Objectively it hasn't, real GDP is slower than even Japan, and virtually no one can feel it no matter what the figures say. 




 [Media company](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constantin_Medien) - [Dieter Hahn](http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?hl=en sl=de u=https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dieter_Hahn prev=search) - also the guy whose company took Bernie to court over bribery (which was I suspect revenge for the sale to CVC rather than themselves). 




 Well, its good news obviously, but not great news. 

We're celebrating an 0.1% increase in overall growth (how far we've fallen) and that the construction sector isn't tanking again yet, but is simply less close to the edge than we thought a month ago - but the whole thing is really down to new calculation methods and not an real terms change.

Our real GDP per capita is worse than the [US, Germany, Japan or Canada](http://i.imgur.com/Jip2ZJx.png) 



















 Driverless cars are basically developing the sensors and control systems we need to make home robotics a reality, but we're not as close to working consumer or business technology in both fields as it seems. 

Google's car still can't handle adverse weather or traffic lights with the Sun behind them, and extensive, timely, satellite scans of the route it's driving are required before it can traverse them.

VR headsets suffer from the 3DTV/4k problem, you need content and no one is developing enough of it, and the kit is awkward to use. It reminds me to a certain extent of early 80s video games - cool, innovative, but not ready for the mass market.

I could be wrong but I suspect both technologies will lead to the creation of revolutionary technologies but won't be as popular as it seems now in themselves mainly because the barriers to consumer adoption are high. 

Most revelatory technologies solve problems that a large body of people have - which leads to fast adoption and quickly declining prices, others start out as premium products and gradually become affordable, but I'm not certain there is a premium market for driverless cars, even the business transport market is tenuous outside of rail. So I suspect the market for driverless will look a lot more like Tesla than Ford. The number of technology companies in the game suggests the IP in the market is valuable in and of itself even if it doesn't lead to a product.

If we couldn't get people to wear 3D glasses long term will people accept VR headsets?  




 Honestly I think the question is irrelevant, although I sympathise with the view, because the more important question is "how can you have free trade for businesses without a free labour market for people?"

The free labour market was never going to help anyone that didn't recognise that to extract personal benefit from it that they were going to have to increase their skills and become a more marketable commodity in the workforce.

The government stepped in to fill the gap but was unable to increase the minimum wage adequately to balance the payouts to only the worst affected. 




 Read the headline more closely - it's accurate. 




 Normally I'd agree but the circumstances aren't equal - greater efforts were likely placed on counting the votes of the serious candidates (which is what happens when you have limited resources). 

The election in Rainham was a close campaign although not an especially close result (Paul Clark 12,060 25.6 per cent, Mark Hanson (Ukip) 9,199 19.5 per cent, Paul Chaplin (Lib Dem) 1,707 3.6 per cent) 














 Thank you, and I agree with much of what you say (although I think that driverless and VR are evolutionary rather than revolutionary) - I was tilting in that direction with the lines about education - we must get people into STEM with speed. 




 I'm slightly wary of the wealthy pensioners arguments that the LibDems were making when in government (I wondered what they wanted). Generally speaking applying means testing to anything adds layers of bureaucracy that often inflict more inequalities than they solve, and I can't see any evidence that it's a huge enough problem to justify the staff time required. 

Are there really hordes of wealthy pensioner processing reams of paperwork for benefits they don't need? 

All that said if its a problem that can be tackled with minimal extra expenditure and the rules around it aren't so tight that they disenfranchise people on the dividing line then I have no strong objection. 




 They're very similar to figures published annually by the Guardian and recently by the Daily Mail. The spread of the numbers is broadly correct even if the precise figure isn't.  




 Its social value vs shareholder value, we need more of the former and less of the latter. 




 Basically take the pain points out of having children and enable mothers to continue working. We've gone some way towards this already, but the highlights are:-

- Free childcare.

- Increased skills training for post baby parents.

- More child friendly public spaces.

- Increased maternity and paternity leave.

- Tax breaks for third children.

- Reduce road tax for families of a certain size.

- Improve child benefit for third and fourth children while reducing it for the first and second child - basically reverse the existing scale and define it by income level.

- Reduce stamp duty for families above a certain size. 




 Its sustainable, we just have to figure out the exact level. 




 Yes, but anyone who makes that argument seems to be labelled anti-business. Personal tax allowance should be the subsistence level income in the area in which you live. 




 Essentially the only group that pays in more than it takes out is working people between 35 and 45. Immigration is doing a great job of filling in the gap in the short term, but to fill in the long term gap we need to have more kids (we basically need more middle class kids so we need to incentivise certain economic groups to have kids). 

Incentivising having more kids is important to the long term goal of expanding the middle section of the workforce.  




 In 1948 there were 16 working adults for *every* pensioner, in 2000 that number was 2, its now 4.

 




 Its the reason national economies don't work like household accounts - government spending is 46% of the economy and the public sector is the single largest employer of young people. 

Basically if you stop shopping at Tesco you don't have to worry about Tesco going under. If you're a government that's a real concern so you have to be very careful. An awful lot of jobs depend on public infrastructure, so cutting spending often increases the problem.

Average size of pension pot has actually fallen since 2010 - people are putting in less and less. 




 All the benefit savings thus far achieved would only purchase two fighter planes for our new carriers. 

Even if you did really manage to make 12 billion of welfare cuts without touching pensions all that has to go into the deficit right now. 




 Mainly avoid attempts at one hit solutions, black and white answers, or demonising groups of people as 'the problem' - there are no simple solutions - you have to pull gently on lots of economic leavers not hard on a single one. Also not calling it a merry-go-round would also help since the entire economy is essentially a merry-go-round writ large.

Getting over the idea that national economies work like household accounts would really help and might actually allow people to see the real problems.

Immigration and the increasing birth rate suggest that the scale of the problem has slowed dramatically since 2000 when we were on the edge of not replacing our existing population, but we need:-

- Better education and skills training of all kinds - this lifts incomes, it really is that simple.
- Free education - burdening kids helps no one.
- Ending child poverty - your childhood economic status determines your lifetime earnings. 
- Rethink pensions and the retirement age - the current rate of growth is simply not sustainable. 
- Employers *have* to pay a living wage - we can't continue to subsidise low paid workers in the way we have.
- Reduce housing costs - they have to come down drastically everywhere at every level.
- Immigration - we need as many working age adults as we can get.
- Employment inequalities exist - they must end for everyone, we need to increase the workforce.
- Incentivise having more children - we really do need more people.

Broadly we need to get over the idea that there is such a thing as deserving and undeserving. Even if you pay into the system for 50 years you still take more from it than you put in - the gulf between input and output there is so huge that no increase in contributions will close it. 




 Cameron can spin it that way and he would like this to be the reason so his government can have their solution which is clamping down on in-work benefits (and it also offers him an explanation for the fall of treasury receipts, the failure of their deficit reduction programme, and weak productivity and a host of other things). 

But as I've said [elsewhere](http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3bi039/the_majority_of_the_215bn_125_of_gdp_of_benefit/csmcpf8) the problem is far larger and far more complex than that. Reducing in work benefits increases poverty and that directly limits the earnings of the next generation of the workforce. 




 The UK workforce is 29.68 million of 64.1 million people. The remainder are under / over age or economically inactive (house parents, carers etcetera).

Literally less than half the country support the other half.

The issue that underlies the whole debate is child poverty and elder care. The average size of a pension pot in 2015 is 22,000, the average cost of caring for an elderly person where I live is 106,000 a year. 

Pensions are triple locked and can only go up, and any measure that tackles child poverty (the single defining issue for the earning prospects of the future workforce) has to raise the average salary of the poorest workers.

Broadly only societal group who don't take out more than they put in are the group aged 35 - 45, at the height of their earning potential, and there simply aren't enough of them to support the rest of society. 




 One of the reasons (ignored by this article) that the growth in employment is happening at the lower end of the market is that more elderly people are working and seeking work - but its obviously more complicated that that.

The average pension pot is 22,000 the average cost of elder care in my part of the country is 106,000 a year. So even if you fall into the 'worked all their lives' category you're still drawing far more from the system than you could have put in.

The real problem is the age dependency ratio - we still don't have enough working adults to support the system overall no matter who you pay the money to and no matter if you think those in receipt of the money are deserving or not.

 









 What groups are included in the not looking category? 




 Its not quite that easy. 

The UK workforce is 29.68 million of 64.1 million people. The remainder are under / over age or economically inactive (house parents, carers etcetera).

Literally less than half the country support the other half.

The issue that underlies the whole debate is child poverty and elder care. The average size of a pension pot in 2015 is 22,000, the average cost of caring for an elderly person where I live is 106,000 a year. 

Pensions are triple locked and can only go up, and any measure that tackles child poverty (the single defining issue for the earning prospects of the future workforce) has to raise the average salary of the poorest workers. 














 Which got him the 5 points he needed to win. 




 Indeed. Gilles Villeneuve died and Pironi was appallingly injured (I had misremembered), but Ferrari still took the WCC despite this. Pironi in fact still came second in the WDC despite missing 5 races after his accident - one further race finish and he would almost certainly have won the 82' WDC. 




 My point is that mediocre drivers rarely if ever make it into front of the grid teams (Perez is the only recent one I can think of) and this meme that a good car can make an average driver great is crap. In 65 years of F1 racing it has never happened once - Rosberg senior is really the only questionable driver to have ever won and even he scored the victories when it really counted. 




