 STELLLLLLLAAAA!!! 




 CANTSTANDYA! CANTSTANDYA! 




 I've never had a tinder myself but my buddy has shared a couple interesting stories with me. So back story, there's a college near where I live and this friend would come down on the weekend, find a girl on tinder that was from the college and go perform the deed with her. On one occasion he went over and started chilling with her friends in the dorm room and whatever, after awhile the friends left and him and the tinderella(stolen from another part of this thread) began hooking up. At the end of the performance, she wanted him to finish in her mouth, after he did, she looked him dead in the eyes and winked. He said he didn't know how to react and it was both awesome/awkward. Another story involved him going and picking up a tinder slut from the college and bringing her back to the spare bedroom that my friends and I had in the house we shared. Since he had brought her back after my other roommates were asleep they had no idea there was a girl in the spare bedroom. My roommate busts in the room at around 7am with them both butt naked and yells HEY BRIAN!!!!!" to see both Mr. Tinder and Ms. Tinder in all their nakedness. Made for some good stories before he found his SO. 









 Forgive People 




 We had somebody in college who would poop all over the common bathroom and the write The Poopster was here" in his own feces on the mirror. He disappeared for awhile until one night when we saw The return of the Poopster" written on the mirror. The Poopster was never apprehended. 




 Thanks OP! Got mine shipped for $60.82, I told myself that is buy these if they went down to the $50-$60 range, this should be my last S/S item I needed.  




 There's a bar near where I live that makes every person who has a hat on backwards turn it around and if they refuse then they are kicked out. Apparently one time they had someone with a backwards hat on start a fight so now everyone who wears their hat backwards is looking to fight. Makes no sense. 




 Thanks man, good find, I was really wanting a sea stripe sweatshirt and was able to get one. You got an upvote from me.  




 Here's a canvas leather belt, I don't actually own it but I've been thinking about buying it for awhile and I think they might still be having some good sale or something. http://www.gap.com/browse/product.do?pid=941520042 locale=en_US kwid=1 sem=false vid=1 sdReferer=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gap.com%2Fproducts%2Fmens-belts.jsp 




 The exact point where you move from conscious to unconscious when falling asleep, there has to be a certain point where you switch over and I just can't grasp when or why that happens. By the way never think about this while trying to get to sleep because you'll be up all night.  




 A guy I know drove the opposite way while heading back to his hometown. Was supposed to be driving west and actually drove 2 hours east and ended up at the beach. In the same trip he also ran out of gas because he wanted to stop at the same gas station he always stops at on his way home. This was last year and he had a GPS and Smartphone. Also, he once told us that he wouldn't ask the bank to send him a new debit card because he didn't trust the mail, when we asked him how the bank received a debit card to give him at their building he said I thought they just had a machine to create them in the back." Another time, he attempted to do a backflip off the side of an in ground pool and busted his face on the side of the pool, this guy is a huge guy and stated that the chances of me hitting my face on that pool were astronomical." There are more examples but I'm starting to feel bad.  




 If you can find it on sale ever, Dolce Gobanna The One is my favorite cologne, smells amazing. 




