 Hey, I'm not the one attacking him on the issue.  Ask Martin O'Malley about that.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2015/06/25/a-pro-omalley-super-pac-goes-after-sanders-on-guns/ 




 Im not sure why it is stupid.  People have no problem attacking Hillary Clinton but Bernie Sanders is off limits?  Its a little bit funny that Clinton supporters are concentrating on getting her elected and Sanders supporters (mostly everyone on Reddit) are attacking Hillary.  Hmmm.  









 Hillary will win bitches.   





























 I think you have to look at the whole package.  Unlike most of the "Hillary Haters" on Reddit, I refuse to attack Bernie Sanders or any other Democratic candidate in the race.  That is the big difference in Hillary supporters and the Sanders supporters.  

One issue will not sway me...a candidate that can win and is right on most issues, will get my vote.   




 I laughed way to hard at this.   




 Exactly.  What happens if sanders loses?   Everyone will be voting for Jeb Bush?   Really??????  




 What song is this?  









 He won't win...but I think he is good for Democratic Party.  I'm still voting for Hillary.   




 Here in Nevada, Hillary is up by more than 50 to 60 points I think.  The fact that Bernie Sanders finally mentioned Latinos and immigration for the first time, after running for a few weeks, won't help his cause.  

The New Hampshire poll doesn't really come as a shock being that Vermont and NH are neighbors.   




 I always thought it was "step into a slim Jim" hmm  




 "I wonder if he knows the Commodores" 




 I'm listening.  My mind won't change.  I won't tear down Bernie though.  I think it'll be good for Hillary if he gives her a run... 




 I'm going to vote for Hillary.  I love Bernie but I'm a Hillary supporter.   














 My bad.  Well, everyone loves a good flip flopper.  




 He's technically not a democrat.  




 Yup.  He's an independent anyway.  He's not a democrat.  He shouldn't be included in the democratic debates.   




 Lol. Target  




 I like Bernie but he will never win.  I know what the argument will be...voting for him will not be a waste but electability is very important to me.   




 Sanders gets a bump but Hillary maintains???   




 No shit.  One negative post on Bernie sanders and everyone loses der shit.   




 Yup.  Kinda weird.   




 So Bernie Sanders if off limits but everyone else is fair game???  




 It's still kinda weird reading the article.   









 That looks like Josh Duggar  




 And it's gonna be called "O Brother, Where Art Thou" 




 Yes.  ;( 




 http://imgur.com/zUt408j 




 Def naked. Tiny penis.  




 patchouli oil? 




 did he just have a tracheotomy? 




 Does the one guy have a Chinese take out box on his face??? 




 He must work for Yahoo  




 The Clinton Foundation is a non profit organization like the United Way or the Red Cross.  Geraldo donated to a political campaign.  Two totally different things.   




 The black guy in the hoodie is mugging that lady.  




 I'm not sure I could be a vegan.  R u?  









 He needs to be stopped.  









 I think the point of the vox story is that why would anyone vote for Sanders when you can vote for Clinton because the ideas are basically the same.   




 Why blue?  




 That's not the point.  He was on cnn yesterday and Wolf Blitzer asked him if one billionaire wanted to donate a huge amount of money to his campaign, Sen Sanders said he "probably" wouldn't accept the money.  I mean, isn't that a little hypocritical?    




 I agree with 90% of what Sen. Sanders believes in but I'm being honest here.  He has no chance of winning anything.  Polls show even in Vermont, he would lose to Hillary Clinton.  Maybe this will push Hillary Clinton to the left a bit.  




 Lets be honest.  He really doesn't have a chance of winning.  Right?    




 It's because he knows Brian Williams is full of shit.  









 damnit...thanks 




 i work in a casino...nuff said 









 I'll try that tomorrow.  Stupid fucking casino Starbucks better not give me shit.   




 Fucking barista bitch.  She was probably fucking w me.   




 What up Jonah!   Sounds kinda creepy when I say that.  




 It's a lil overwhelming.  




 ohhhh...you better watch out.  even I know you arent supposed to talk shit about Star Wars.   




 Should I pour myself some tea?   




 I hated my name when I was a kid.  Now, I actually like it a lot.   




 Lmao Thats brilliant actually.   




 Since I was little, I've been called John, Yoda, Noah, Noel, Jonathan, Yonah (because I'm Mexican), Joseph, Joe, Yanla...everything. 




 yikes...dianetics 




 was waiting for the first troll...thats u!!! 




 wth...Jonah...not Jonas.  It's like freshman year in high school all over again.  




 Yes...thats exactly right.   




 ahhhh...no my name isnt Jonas. 




 Yes  




 I just asked my coworker and she told me the same thing.  I had no idea.  Can I ask for no ice? 




 done 




 you can do that? 




 you are welcome 




 wow...thats like magic (serious).   




 with 3 sweet n lows (i know, thats a lot). 




 Fillipino she was... 




 Right, you are! 




 No but i love a good veggie tale 




 What talking about are you? 









 thats the first thing i noticed! 




 is nokia even a company anymore? 









 They need to do a lil more cardio  









 Warren isn't running...get over it.   




 Jeans?  




 Yes.  What he said  




 Today is April 8, 2015 




 like when the tiger mauled Siegfried or Roy (I forget), people in the audience thought it was actually in the show and they clapped when it happened.  oops   




 I live in vegas....nuff said 




 I am d captain now  









 Gotcha.  Poor kid.  




 Wait.  I'm so confused.  Who's what?   




 I think his biggest perception problem is him leaving the U.S.   What he should have done was stay here and fight.  I think he broke the law BUT I do think he did what was necessary.  Maybe him leaving the us was his only option but now I think he could come back.   




 I'm not hating but why would you want to donate money to him???  




 If u read the article, Senator Warren is saying give Hillary a chance to make her point and take a stance before you judge her.   









 What both liberals and conservatives don't get is that you just can't be anti Hillary or against something.  What Senator Obama did at the time was be for something.  That's how he won in 2008 and 2012.  

If Martin O'Malley and the 32 republican candidates run an anti Hillary campaign (and that's it), they will not be successful.    




 Governor O'Malley's approval rating was 41% when he left office in Maryland....nuff said?   




 And that's how u get leprosy  




 They made him swim?   




 Menudo
 




 ok.  i'll tell her not to run then.  




 Well I would agree 100% with u on that.  I'm a clinton supporter.  I think she will win the primary and she has a really good chance of winning the general election.  In swing states like Virginia, Nevada, Ohio and Florida, she has a really good chance.  

I do think Hillary should veer to the left a bit and adopt or more populist agenda.  It won't hurt her and its really the right thing to do.   




 I know I'm going to get bashed for saying this but voting for Bernie Sanders would be a waste.  Someone like him (ultra liberal candidate) would never get elected.  Ever.   




 Fuck it.  Just leave it  









 I was being sarcastic but thanks for clearing that up.   




 the dude from "Twilight" 




 I understand his mindset.  My moms white and my dads mexican.  When people ask what I am, I say I'm Mexican because you know...white people. 




 I cant stop watching this.   




 You looked like Rachel Maddow.   




 This is probably the best thing I've ever seen on the internet.  
 




