 So, Super Mario 64 specifically was the cause? Why can't I get the same result playing River City Ransom or Mach Rider? 




 Sounds kind of cynical 














 Sounds like a defective calculator 




 I'm trying it right now. Do drones have eyes? 




 One day shipping, sir 




 Hope my insurance covers it 














 Don't buy anything 




 You with this question 









 ...aaaaaaaaand it ended up being the worst $5 spent 









 You're welcome 














 Commander Keen 




 Google is becoming another bloated corporation, not the great startup it once was 














 Kid Cuisine dinners, Superman ice cream, Hot Pockets, Jenos Pizza Rolls 




 Have a national farting competition where all proceeds from ticket sales go to charity 









 Question is irrelevant since Wikipedia won't exist in 2115 




 Who cares? 




 Open a Chase checking account, get $200, then close it after 6 months. Wii U for almost free (minus the hassle of paperwork, keeping a minimum balance, etc.) 














 Wow, horrible grammar  




 Only one? 




 Handwriting (and spelling) analysis suggests this is total BS 









 AskReddit? 




 Mega Man 2 on Original NES. Can't go wrong there 




 Is a preposition a good way to end a sentence? 




 Instead of 50% off, you can get 100% off by not buying something. 




 Great tip! Should also be posted in /r/LifeProTips 




 Don't think you have enough battery power to uninstall the app. 




 Paper towels and toilet paper 




 And it still does 




 Receipt looks shopped 














 I prefer Saturdays myself. 




 Do you feel more or less secure? Worry more or less? Life-changing or not? 




 Rite Aid 














 Well, a clean toilet would be nice to see for longer than 5 minutes.  









 The Endurance seems like a clock and Cooper is trying to sync up with the clock when he is docking 









 Probably not this thread. 




 "Bieber Fever" - might need to call in sick today. 




 Might want to talk to Mr. Wonderful about that. 




 There's an [app for that] (http://www.aislefinder.com/) 














 Netflix costs money, abc.com doesn't. It's a trade-off. 




