 You're funny...  Yea im aware that it isn't. But the show is and they dramatize the fuck out of it.  




 If by close you mean when it says *19 spots available* but when I drive around the 2nd floor and there aren't any available and almost run into 4 different cars and ultimately Park on the 5th floor and since the elevators are slow as fuck I use the stairs and run to raef hall and now I'm late for the 3rd time this semester...  Kinda close?  




 It's never accurate 




 Your 4th celebration was a fucking hoot I bet 




 You gild your own comments.  









 Yea but the camera got it.  It's about the viewers not the kids sadly 




 He lacks confidence now in a league of players where mediocrity doesn't cut it.  




 Watch Jimmer in college and tell me that he was gonna be a bust.  




 You need to remember that we have an arena building in a year.  We can't afford  rebuild right now.  We needed to dump.  Hinkle saw our weakness and exploited it.  1st round is my only issue.  JT is solid but expensive.  Landry is trash.  Stauskas wasn't right for our system at all.  He has confidence issues and our development staff sucks.  Nik was gonna be trash here.


To soon to speak on Rondo but he is no different than everyone praising mavericks for Williams. We needed to take a risk for more reasons than most know. If we are a .500 team next year...  Cousins is gonna lose it. 

We now have the deepest roster in 10 years. I'm OK with it.  




 I am pretty sure it's fake for ratings. 




 Well fuck Man...  




 How is he as a player on the team?  Did he accept his role well? Anything I should know?  




 Saw some nice cars in Saudi Arabia ....  Corvette,  Mercedes-Benz, Porsche and Mustang... Same cars you find in every city street in America  




 Lol I actually fucking started turning my phone hahaha I'm fucking stupid 




 He's gonna play off the bench and be a huge key factor in calming the locker room. Had a good 3pt shot at one point but wouldn't call him a phenomenal shooter.  Plays solid D.  2x all star and has played on a championship team.  Vet minimum contract for two years...  Solid pick up.  Main this is his level head to keep our young guys focused.  




 Sounds about right. Clippers are an option too 




 "You want *me* to play? Seriously?  Hold on...  I'm in a game...  Lemme call you back vlad"  




 Nah I think Andre is gonna be here too 









 Fair enough but as an organization we shouldn't be 

- putting our shit on blast about inside issues. 

- going through coaches like Tswift and men. 

- giving up on potentially the best coach we have had in years. 


If it's Cousins or Karl..  I keep Cousins any day.  But we are grown ass people and Cousins needs to understand that Karl can take him to where he wants to go.  




 Solid vet pick up.  Don't believe he has alot in his tank but definitely a good role player.  I'm gonna take this as a sign that Smith isn't coming 




 Sounded something close to Rondo...  




 You a fool ha 




 I came to say this.  Literally one of the top posts on this thread was "we got Karl". All of a sudden a bunch of rumors start and he's the worst coach alive...  Give the guy a season.  




 Gotcha ha 




 Silver won't allow it?  What do you mean?  




 I would never sign anyone for that...   




 Same feeling I had when we traded for Gay and Gay was my #1 option. I felt validated haha 




 Because I'm a 225 lb.  Judo fighter who still wouldn't chase after someone over dumb shit. Bravado will get a bullet to the face. 

Or get a Darwin award.  




 BIH?  




 Please do not get shot over incense...  




 Eh..  Crack  Fat Kardashian 




 That's the old Karl!  




 Dude said if you upvote this I will speak on a subject of your choice for an hour depending on who's the highest comment.  









 Because running is not what Cousins does... More like mosey down the court pouting at ref-DMC


Edit: It's a joke...  Jeez 




 Whose dick is better...  /u/realityis333 or /u/retrovisionofficial? 

Taste?  Smell?  Length?  Why you like to suck one over the other? Texture? Vein pattern? That's enough to talk on for an hour...  But I'm sure you know it's a mouth full.  




 Upvoted thread because fuck your neighbor 




 Alot going on.  I see what your saying now.  I would be more upset that McCallum when to a team that hurts our chances at winning to boot. Losing him sucks but strengthening the spurs is a nightmare. 

I just believe both of these trades were inevitable.  I figured we were going to trade McCallum...  Just not for cap space.  




 Yea we shall see.  I still believe the Pelicans are just a mess of a team.  Alot of talent with nothing to show for it but AD. 




 He had Kardashian issues...   




 We beat the Pelicans. Something is eating me about that team but I will for sure say it's more of a hunch than analytical observations. 

I believe that we will make 6th seed but 2nd and 6th last year was like a game or so difference.  




 Why don't you wait to see what Karl does...  




 Forgot about Reggie but I have a feeling andre will be back 




 This.  Ray was the most expendable.  




 JT,  Landry, Stauskas, Williams, McCallum and looking like Hollins are all gone. 

I thoroughly believe so are 28 win seasons. We have the best roster talent wise in over a decade. We also have a winning coach. 

I'm ready to be a winning team.  




 We didn't trade for the pick.  We traded for Smith. How would you use Ray in our system?  Miller is a better fit plus vet experience.  




 Pop choses his players so obviously he sees something. By no means is this anything like IT. Andre is a player coach and can facilitate an offense with bellinelli on perimeter and koufos in post. 

Smith  Ray.  




 Kings hate been real.... Lol 




 You think ray McCallum was IT level?  




 You mad because you can't get third round with his main tho haha 




 Someone matched or bettered our offer. Creating space to outbid someone.  Clips and Houston were our only competition to my knowledge.  Hou can't pay him and Clips have DJ.  Right after DJ goes back, we trade Ray. Bet we sign Smith tomorrow.  




 Smith 




 [Source] "McCallum traded after being caught with PF Erik Moreland's female."   




 Gonna be a good back up point guard for you guys.  Glad we traded him.  He has a ton of potential that would be wasted here at this point. 









 Simpsons joke?  




 I'll fuck myself silly 




 It's on Arby's  




 Ayyyy 














 Fuck your cake day bruh 




 [Source]  "Cousins pissed at fans for lack of hype. Signing contract to join Mavs to play with CP3" 




 Holy shit...  Read his wiki...  Guys insane!  




 Not for that juicy karma 




 Oh..  Lol probably different scenario  




 So why post this?  




 Jared dudley is more like a stray cat than a nba player 




 You believed Jared Dudley?  You deserve to get lied to 




 Clipped 




 [Sources] "DeAndre Jordan hates shark tank.  Sure to play a role in his decision to stay with Mavs. Cousins receives 36th technical from Vivek.  Vlade's a serb"  









 Iverson?  




 [Source] "DeAndre Jordan to sign with Clippers due to hateful remark by Mavs fan.  Cousins pissed at Karl"  




 I've seen his technical once 









 Devry alumi 




 No.  I called yesterday.  They said you should start seeing them flood I'm after orientation 




 Rudderless was a good one too 




 She didn't put this uniform on her resume...  




 Lmao 




 No he said that Bmac was gonna fall.  I distinctly remember driving in my car listening.  He said he was gonna fall and Bmac was a bust or a late bloomer.  


 




 Pollard is an awesome scouting reporter.  Has called the last three drafts flawlessly 




 OP can suck a fat one.  Lady looked embarrassed as fuck.  People dress up in costumes and shit all the time. She admitted to why she was wearing it.  Leave her the fuck alone. You can buy fatigues online.  Then your ass posted it for some of the extra imaginary loving online. Tsk Tsk. She wants to wear her sons shit..  Let her.  For Christ's sake.  We have men marrying men and men becoming women and you think the Internet gives a fuck about this? 

Source: Family of semper fi and they all are dicks.  




 Yah me 3 




 Little miss sunshine,  Juno, About time, Boyhood  and I really enjoyed the fault in our stars.  




 All clowns are killers and rapists.  




 From what I read the plan is to MLE Smith for 2.8. If we get that,  we receive a great deal while Smith still receives I think it was 10 mil all together. Smith, Rondo, Gay and Cousins are all friends. That win at all costs attitude may be good. We never know.  Josh smith seems to have calmed down a bit.  


The power of what being an underdog can do alot of a team. Every person has something to prove from name cleaning to all star nodding. 2.8 mil for a 12-8 pf is good money spent.  




 Why would he take a pay cut...  He isn't gonna get over what he's set to receive from Detroit.  He's gonna sign for no more than 3 mil somewhere. 

No we didn't sign Koufos to play bench on this roster.  We signed him with anticipation of Smith. 

We are lacking at the 4 and Cousins can play 4.  Smith is a stretch 4. All depends on rotation.  




 [Sources] "Kings confirm biopic depicting FO off season mess ups. Karl-Vlade feud confirmed over cell phone. Cousins pissed."  




 Yes..  We did sign him to play backup.  He is a stellar backup.  Depth is what we need.  Who says Smith has to start?  




 Saw twenty one pilots at BFD.  If you have tickets...  Go see them don't sell them.  Amazing show.  Sorry.  




 Great pickup 




 Black bears are rather timid.  Mostly scared of humans.  They rarely attack.  So by asserting dominance over the bear by yelling, raising arms and jacket over head and being in groups scare the bear. Never really will you need to fight it. 


Brown bears will kill for territory, protection or anger.  Big bears with a bad temper. Never look an animal in the eye but never turn away.  Walk slowly backwards in a sign of retreat.  If the bear attacks,  play dead in fetal position protecting head and neck. 

None of these work if you surprise a bear or separate her and her kids.  You are in extreme danger. Never get in between a mama and her kids. Personally I'd physically fight back if this was the case.  




 I one time had ghonnerea...  Still not as bad as knowing coops around.  




 He looked like he was reenacting Kims debut movie 




 Good article.  I liked the "win cap at 42"  argument. /s... Where do these win projections come from? We add significant talent and give Karl a full season to work with and we improve by a pretty small margin. 

We also forget what adding this talent may do for Cousins.  He may just go off and be that superstar we are looking for in him. (more than already...  Nba championship carry superstar)  




 Yes 




 Mike trout 




 I fucking hate haribo gummy bears 




 Unless it's a gilrizzly... Then pull out the Bible and pray...  




 Absolutley wrong. Your piss is waste from your body.  You can drink your piss if is is relatively clear (consisting of a good amount of water...  Less waste). 

Chances are you are dehydrated and that's why your drinking piss.  This will actually cause enough hard and overwork your kidneys. 3 minutes without air, 3 days without water and 3 weeks without food. 

Find some fucking water. Distillation and boiling should be on everyone's know how list.  




 Did you end up dying tho?  




 Go with this crazy fuck 




 He showed it's possible in Atlanta and Houston. He was a big part of the off season whether stats show it or not.  


Acy is clearly not the better option due to Smith being more versatile.  




 Survival rules of three. How to spot infection and blood poisoning. [Serious] how to break a neck and limbs in self defense. Choke holds are necessary as well. 

To many things to know. 
 




 Promote-a-thon!

Rules: Everyone comes to work and does their job.  The person who does the most work on salary (per hour employees are not allowed overtime because we can't pay) and stays overtime receives an award at the end.  1000k annual raise for 1st place!  Second place gets $50 Walmart card.  3rd place get fired! 

Have fun!  




 We aren't signing Smith for shooting jumpers.  Josh has more talent than Acy on shooting jumpers.  He fills out the defensive role that we need in the four for a cheap price.  




 Rudy Gay shot 39% in Toronto.  




 There it was

Laying on top of my hand. 

Comforting and caressing it

Like burying my toes in the sand. 

As cool as the ocean mist

That left my face gently kissed

It is you that is my support 

And it is you who holds my head up high

I place my trust in you 

As I close my eyes and say goodnight. 

Purely white with total contrast

Of the smoke that my chimney billows. 

As the fireplace crackles. 

I find my comfort in you my pillows.  




 A sticky situation 




 WHY DOESN'T ANYONE HEAR US!?  PLEASE RESPOND!  




 *make joke* they laugh.  Say "Sorry,  I'm not as funny as I look".  




 Justin Beiber actually has talent in his acoustic works.  




 Will 




 Fuck you,  you smelly cock-eyed twat for reprimanding this douching fuck wit.  




 I'm so confused at who's the trash...?   Who isn't the trash..? WTF is a sperm bagel...? How did a shirtless girl turn me off...?   Are all Canadians this ugly...?  

Fuck..  I am about to vomit dirt.  




 Pull your dick out.  




 Verne 




 Dudes high 




 For the best bike store in Sacramento, go to Bikes Plus. One of the best bike stores in the area.  Amazing staff and great products.  Made the mistake of buying my bike from Folsom bikes and they Absolutley ripped me off. Long story. Their service is horrible and unprofessional.  I have sent most of my colleagues and family to Bikes plus or Performance bikes (if a beginner.)


City bikes downtown is also not a bad shop. 




 I'm down for as many as you can get me.   




 Cousins has 1% better FG average and is our first option.  We aren't bringing Smith on for points... We are bringing him on for boards and perimeter defense. Vet experience to boot. 

I hope Smith never accepts an Acy role.  I'd rather a Smith role. Play 4 and average 12 8 and I'd be content with that for 2.8 million... JT was almost 3x that and not as effective.  

Smith was a huge facilitator in Houstons playoff run.  Hit clutch shots and even,  dare I say,  looked like he had a 3pt shot going. He hasn't been in Atlanta for over 2 years and Detroit was a shit team for him where he felt he needed to shoot.  Maybe he will listen to his friends Rondo,  Gay and Cousins and play his role... 

I believe Smith makes a deal tomorrow or Wednesday. We will see but I truly believe he is our guy. You can have your 1/3 the ability PF that is exactly as he is advertised. 2.8 million for a guy who plays like a 2.8 million player.   I'd rather shop in the discount section and find a quality treasure. 2.8 million for a 6.5 million dollar player.  




 Bucks are my east coast team.  Love you guys.  Get ready for the ECF.  




 I read your comments...  You have no good reason to keep him out.  




 We add one more headband for Casspi to fix.  Happy Casspi  beard.  




 Josh smith has a higher FG% than Kobe...  (45%).  One predominantly a scorer and ones not so much.  Josh Smith isn't that reckless like people say.  He just was used to being the only option in atl so translated that to Detroit. Remember how bad Gays stats were when everyone wrote him off?  Josh smith's ceiling is ten times higher than Acys. Personally I'm not the biggest fan of Acy. Logically speaking,  why would you sign a guy who isn't even starting quality over a guy who was all star potential about 3 years ago? Choosing panda express over some homemade Chinese food!

We get a killer perimeter defender who has vet experience. We get him for super cheap and he already has established chemistry with 3 of our top players... Then there is Acy..  




 This is to real for me to laugh at...  Smh @ Cleveland  




 We shouldn't have signed bellinelli or Rondo before the GOAT.  he's the key to a championship  




 Acceptable answer.  


You take the extreme side of things...  




 Josh smith for 2.8... Acy for 2.8...? Smith anyday 




 We're just spoiled now ha 




 Feel like this should be done already.  




 Do you actually watch basketball?  




 Ok.  




 That would be amazing for sacramento 




 Ok 




 We can't afford Hollins...  Last time I bought a goat, it cost me three chickens and a cow.  




 [Source] "Kings owner tweets threat at inefficient President Vlade. Gives Weekend deadline to sign players or shave his beard and lose his job.  Cousins pissed" 




 I take them with a grain of salt because they have proven to have agendas. Stir up unnecessary drama.  I don't like meet the Kardashians.  Some might.  Idk. That's what alot of this is to me.  

When they come on with facts that are released to public like contract prices, length,  trades etc.  That's reliable.  Who cares about rumors at this point. 

Maybe I wouldn't be so jaded with them if there wasn't so much lying this off season.  




 Not saying you can't trust them.  Always know the context tho.  Perspective is huge. Is Skip Bayless knowledgeable,  have inside sources and connections?  Absolutley...  But do I take his opinion on Mayweather knowing he hates him?  Biased opinions. I'm just more skeptical about information and leaks.  I use these same writers and piece together the best I can an idea of what may be going on. 

Not trying to upset you.  




 A biased analysis that sells.  Controversy sells.  He stirs it.  Creates a problem that wasn't there...  Mountain out of mole Hill.  10k more followers.  Bam.  They have a job as well. They are great at it.  But by no means do I watch CNN and Fox and say...  "reputable"  sources. 


Everyone has an agenda.  Look at Woj. He was considered very reputable but then dropped all this bs. The other day,  Tobias Harris turned down a Kings max offer...  WTF?  All for ratings.  




 Damn...  Haha against the Knicks.  I went crazy  




 Yea but he doesn't care about that..  He's more proud of his 7 bookshelves.  




 Who is the guy is the read a book a day guy?  He's always on the YouTube ads.  Who is he and what has he accomplished?  




