 Or more than likely she is actually a guy and you have gotten to close to make the game fun anymore.

Meet people in real time, face to face, and save yourself the hassle and the BS of online crap. 

(From a guy who went through it all, for a long time.) 









 PVP Canada, West coast preferred.  




 Thanks :) 

I am thinking that I will, after all I have 7 days to die...
 




 I am thinking it would work well...this is just the beginning of Day 1...perhaps I will see how the first day goes. 




 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOdkjjXpnXxhZKRZo8w533CUx_PJXpHF0m1OOW3vo5M/edit?usp=sharing 




 New to this sub. So this is great advice. Now, just to find a private server... 




 Last straw was tonight when they were shooting me through the rocks, underground...

There goes all my gear. Again.

Want to keep playing, but can't play like this. 




 And the world cared not for the troubles of man, until it chose to cry along side them. 

Rest it peace.  




 If it's applicable...yes. 




 Dozen? Try thousands...easy. 




 Yes... I am! 




 No, that's why I said PM...but it's no secret who I really am.  




 I write e-books, send me a PM and I'll give you my works to add on to it for free for him.  




 The Event by Jamie Heppner, post apocalyptic with a twist. Good vs Evil where the Evil is a teenage boy with almost unlimited power and the good is his twin sister that he has tormented his entire life.  




 I have been writing for over 8 years, even with only a few readers some reviews trickle in now and again.

And the free promos help too. 




 I write awesome books that get great reviews, but almost no-one reads them... 




 Also mentioned two phones...since you forgot. 




 It basically means there is an unpaid bill tied together with ownership of the car. So if a person were to buy that vehicle, they are now responsable for the bill as well. 

The car could be taken to sell at no notice by the person holding the lien to pay off the debt owing.

Generally, it's a great way to say, don't buy this. 




 The Event, by Jamie Heppner

What happens if the hero doesn't make it out alive? 

(Would be rated R if it were a movie too) 




 Future Jumper series, Sci fi and looping time travel. 




 Paint it to look like a PS4 and show it to Reddit...swim in all those glorious Internet karma points.  




 Get on fiver.com ASAP 

It might help you right away with a few gigs. 

If you have any experience with digital book covers, send me a PM. 




 She should be photoshopped into different events not giving a fuck. 




 It's pushed in, actually drove in, still holds air too. 









 The Event, by Jamie Heppner. Lots action and twists you won't see coming! 




 So...salt in the gas tank really can stop a car from running! 




 Hit enter twice to break paragraphs up. 

Hold shift to turn i  into I. 

 




 You might be shocked how well things like that can do. Truth is stranger than fiction. 




 Mirror Thief by Jamie Heppner. Free till the end of today. 5/5 stars on paperback version. 




 Trying to convince people to read your work is very hard, free helps, but it's not an answer. 

Even now I have a free work available and it's barely being touched. 

Better in the long run to have some loss now to gain readers later. 




 Same here...sounds like we need to swap stories. 

Makes for some interesting reading, or nightmares... 




 Just need the right motivation. I didn't know I could write a book until I tried. 

Was scary the first time I had a stranger read it though...family will always tell you that it's good. Strangers don't have to worry about telling the truth.  




 Awesome, thanks for taking my offer. 




 Enjoy! 




 Nope, can't say I know her... 




 If you decide to grab a copy, I would love your take on it :) 
 




 Don't know the rules in this sub, but here is to breaking the rules on Christmas eve!

After a tragic accident leaving Dario with nothing he finds himself with a strange ability to enter the world inside a mirror. 

Now he must decide if this is a gift, or a curse set to ruin what little life he has left. 




 First book took 2 years. Next two were faster. 

This is my third one, Mirror Thief. I like it the most, but it's the shortest of the three. Good read if you are interested. 5/5 Stars so far... 




 Explain, perhaps I can help? 














 Lighting my couch on fire...hard to sit through a movie that way. 




 [Mirror Thief](http://www.amazon.com/Mirror-Thief-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B00FFRD672/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_8?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1419347097 sr=1-8) Might be what you are after, and if you can hold off till the 24th the author has it going up for free for Christmas. 




 [The Event](http://www.amazon.com/Event-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B007JVCU3S/ref=asap_B006N2IJU2?ie=UTF8) Author has a freebie coming up tomorrow if you want a look at his other work.

This one though has been often looked at as dystopian, yet I think it's more post apocalyptic fantasy.  




 Many people have already posted that this is obviously not a tracing. Nice work.  




 I will tell her you think so.  :) 
 




 Or, how about this...

My niece drew a piece for my nephew, she showed me a picture and I though...hey that's cool! 

I posted it here. 

People actually liked it.

And the conspiracy theorists climbed out of the woodworks and made way more out of a little picture than was actually there? 




 The link to original artist has already been provided, but should you miss it, here it is again. Sorry I didn't have it at first, honestly didn't know this was already done.

Here is the Facebook of the artist of the original photo. 

https://m.facebook.com/Pertheseus
 




 On mobile is a short form for...have my cell in my hand, heading out the door to work and can't add it this second. Now I am at work, pulled up a tab and am going to edit it.  :)  




 Didn't know this was already done, and very happy to credit original artist. Thank you all for supplying the links. I will add it to my post as soon as I am off mobile. 




 Actually I was a fucked sleep. Is it a copy of someone else's work? Cool! They had a great idea.  




 Actually, she took the picture. 

But yes, stick men and I get along very well. 
 




 I will have to see if she is willing to release a copy right for you. ;)  




 F
 




 I wish I could take some credit. She's amazing, am hoping to twist her arm into making some book covers for me. 




 She made this on a whim for her brother. He's on a bit of a Zelda kick these days.  









 In the infancy of the internet I thought I had fallen in love. It turned out to be a joke played on me by a woman that had her own heart broken by another. She couldn't hurt him, so she decided to hurt someone else the same way she had been hurt.

I learned from that mistake myself and have regularly found others falling for similar traps, and sometimes helped them see it for themselves. Other times, I am happy to say, it wasn't fake.

I have even thought I should be writing a book about it. At least my experiences anyway.  









 [The Event](http://www.amazon.com/Event-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B007JVCU3S/ref=asap_B006N2IJU2?ie=UTF8)

Good vs Evil in a post apocalyptic world. Throw in Zombies, Werewolves, and a shutdown of almost all technology to make a story unlike anything you have ever read. 




 Wait for Brandon to release the next one? 




 A Collection of Shorts by J Heppner. Has a taste of everything and it's free.  




 The title escapes me right now, but look up a book by Branli  Caidryn. .. 




 Funny, I couldn't give a shit if it says "by" or not. If that is what it takes for you to not read a book, you need to look inward first.
 




 No. I'm sorry, whatever that was that I just read, you need to take it down now. And this is coming from someone who published too early as well. Trust us, take it down and work on it before you try again.  




 [The Event](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B007JVCU3S/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1418263750 sr=8-1) Zombies, death, apocalypse, good vs  evil in the former of twins...if this book was a movie it would be rated R... 




 Hey! Thanks! That looks awesome.  









 Hard to type with an accent that makes it sound the way it should :) 
 




 Piston broke. 




 Amazon ranks free books different than paid. You might even hit #1 in your promo (I have at least twice) but the minute it's over your title drops off the face of the internet.

Even price structure changes where you sit in rank catagories. 

Amazon isn't willing to help indies any more than a big traditional publisher. The best way to get your work in front of people is to write the next book. Then, the next one...and one more after that. 









 Nope. Every one of my books starts with a few characters,  a situation, a problem, and then I just write down what they do to fix it. If I feel it starts to drop off I add some excitement out of their control and watch what they do. 




 Miracles if you are bad. Not much if you are good.  




 I know long term parts experts in Ford and Dodge. I will show them both tomorrow and maybe get a hit for you. Worth a shot. 




 I see that price on PC...I would grab it, see what happens! 




 I am guessing yes. Since there is no way to stop the smoke from drifting back in. It might not be as strong, but it will still be there. 




 Yes. Both links are coming up at 29.99 for me. Hence, do you have "Another" link? 
 




 I remember making my Mom laugh so much she would cry. I wanted to do that all the time for her. It was nice to see her happy. I don't get to see that often these days. 
 




 Can't see it at 9.99 anywhere. Do you have a link? 
 




 This is something no-one can answer for you. For every person out there the experience is going to be different. For me, it was a comfort, but she sat (sits) in a chair most of the day and complains that no-one will visit her. 

For my wife, it was a childhood of belittlement and trauma that she is still working to get over even at 30 years old. 

Some will say you were blessed with this, others say how sorry they feel for you.

All I can say is, when you get the chance to be a parent yourself, just be there for your kids. It's more important than any of the toys or privileges out there. 




 [The Event](http://www.amazon.com/Event-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B007JVCU3S/ref=asap_B006N2IJU2_1_4?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1417544575 sr=1-4)

On mobile, so hopefully the link works properly. 




 "The Event" is told from a post apocalyptic view, where electricity as we know it no longer works. However, it does not follow the lines of reality very closely. 

Also be warned, if this were a movie, it would have an R rating. Turns out teenage boys with no rules and almost unlimited power really know how to get into trouble.  




 It doesn't matter where they are now. As long as you are there, a piece of them remains.

 




 [The Event.](http://www.amazon.com/Jamie-Heppner/e/B006N2IJU2/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1417360029 sr=8-1) 

A lot of action scenes broken up in great segments. 
 




 If you could also make it rain, they would be 10x more effective! 









 OC? Really? Right off the front page? 




 Black Tusk?  




 I noticed that, in low lighting it's worse. Very observant of you. 
 




 Very true, but imagine the PC you could get. Course, after all those driveways...my hands wouldn't work well enough to move the mouse.  




 I should move to Boston...20 bucks times...1000 driveways...HELLO NEW PC!  




 Friend is 1.5 hours away. I have some old boards but they are really old. Usually I just save them for spare parts for friends, or build a basic surfing PC and give em away.

Pretty low on power supplies though. I will have to start digging around in re-use-it centers again. 




 Heh! That's awesome! How did you know that's what I was posting with? (Dug out my old laptop, just couldn't do that small thing anymore.)
 




 $ is always an issue. Timing could have been better that's for sure. I will have to see what I can afford. 




 I liked this machine. My wife's is my old machine, going on 6 years at least...won't die. Not sure what to do yet on a new one, but I do need one. Mobile posting just isn't the same. 




 Looks like it. Power to everything. But nothing kicks up. Complete failure. 

Talked to a tech buddy and he thinks it's the same thing. Absolutely nothing comes up on boot. Not even an error.  




 It was fast at least. 




 It will take time. Not sure...Thank you. 




 It was quick. It was painless. Last night, it coughed. I was playing Dragon age, and loads were slow. I thought...I should update my drivers tomorrow, just in case. This morning...the motherboard...I...it...

Still too painful. I'm sorry.

And moble typing...it hurts. 









 Get a friend to put booster cables on it for half hour with their car running. That will trickle charge your battery. If/when it starts take the cables off and disconnect the positive cable from your battery. Car runs? Your alternator is good. Car dies? Your at is toast. 

Just about as basic a test as you can get.  









 XCOM
I have to load that one up all the time. Blowing up aliens is just a blast.  




 Perhaps look at this one. 

Dragon Age: Inquisition 

It's real time, but you can pause for strategic players. I am REALLY looking forward to it next month.  




 While not a turn based game, I found what I had been missing (and I think you too) when I started playing the Demon Souls/Dark Souls games. They are real time, but the...hard play style brought back the fun. 

Now, if that isn't your taste, there are still turn based games out there in RPG format.

XCOM for instance. Not a classic RPG but still a hell of a game, in all its forms. 

And for the life of me, I remember seeing a new game coming out very soon that is all turn based combat in an RPG form, but the name has left me! 

I am sure another Redditor will remember it and add it here...or I will in an edit once I can stimulate my fogged brain.  




 Well they are normally more rugged. Odds are she doesn't have it hooked up right and it's timing out. (Wrong input perhaps) That would make it seem like it's just going black. 




 Phone the authorities. 

It doesn't matter if he knows who it would be. It's better to do it while someone is still alive.

And better to not wait. Now is a good time. 
 




