 Tortilla Flats by John Steinbeck

I would definitely recommend this book to any veteran transitioning over to the civilian world. It's a really great book that portrays the brotherhood of soldiers and how its a lifelong bond that helps brothers through difficult situations. It does this through the story of 3 poor veterans of World War 1.  




 I disagree. 

I know of many others things that very closely relate to being a parent. Yes, being a parent involves a mass amount of time and dedication, in which you are legally obligated to dedicate such time. However, many other things require lots of time and dedication. The only difference is the ability to give up on those things without legal/social repercussions.  

A dog. Fishtank. Garden. Career. Significant Other. 




 Definitely! I'd have to say of all of them DMT is one that cannot be explained, too much is going on, you're in a different world. And everyones world is different in their own experience. 




 what a hypocrit, you get fucked by millions of people daily, and you judge her?!
 




 OP's mom is a busy lady. 




 Gopro them
 




 This post 




 I Jerk off. Definitely jerk off. 10 years worth of splooge waiting to be blasted out in the most intense orgasm ever. Yeah, I'll do that first. 




 Getting the top comment 




 It makes sense. Like what the hell else do you do all day when you're that age? Hit the bottle or the pipe im sure. 




 Status, its big and expensive and when I drive past others it makes them question why I own such a vehicle. Or maybe youre just passing these people in there off time, what if they use the fuck out of their suv from the hours of 8-5, hours of working people. Hours you most likely do not drive... being a musician and all... 




 Damn dude, your brain is already damaged if you're legitimately concerned and asking this question on Reddit instead of researching it yourself or seeking medical advice from a medical provider. You're done, that brain has been vaporized. 




 Because I can afford it and I like it. I'm sure if you could afford something and liked it, you'd have one. 




 Did no one teach you children how to smile correctly? Really, it's not that hard.  




 meatspin.com
 


































 Nice tight butthole. tightest butthole i've ever licked! 




 "Don't Go Ninjin Nobody That Don't Need Ninjin" Diamond Dave 




 The cats and there cat controlling brain bugs. 




 You can't help the genetics you were given. 




 I was gonna come in here and bash you.. but then i was like yeah that is mildly interesting... so yeah. heres some points 




 That's also the locket that was struck by a projectile while he was a junior enlisted officer. It was given to him by his uncle, who was a great military officer in the American Revolution. Before his marriage to Rachel, Jackson kept a picture of his mother in the lockett. He had it repaired before his wedding and the picture of his mother replaced with Rachel's picture. 




 Its little bird 




 Derek has a mammoth Vagina. 




 Shopped. 100% Photoshopped Bro. Get out of here with that shit! 




 Come on bro? Really? Totally shopped. Get outta here with that bullshit 




 Fishing. 




 finding out OP's mom was banged by 919 men in a 24 hour period. http://redd.it/2k04bk 




 a stereo system. a nice stereo system can make the environment till you can create it yourself. 




 Brad does have warheads though... 




 Most likely not OP's dad, the elections were held for the insemination after the 350th.
 
























 I'm proud of you too, bro. 




 Detroit ATC here, this is actually quite common. I'd say it happens at least once or twice a month from sept to may. Has no one ever seen the pictures? I know some guy submitted a bunch last winter. 




 I admitted to stealing government supplies, lying, cheating, and taking drugs to the special agent and psychologist interviewing me. 

I got my clearance no problem. 




 I mean he could have never even fought any of these guys, I mean it is an autobiography, but I like to believe he was the Shaft of his generation. 




 From his narrative, Frederick Douglass went around chesting up to slave owners, learning to read and write through perseverance and deceit, and then became a free man who worked to tear down the institutions of slavery.

Why hasnt an action movie of this been made yet?  









 Come on Africa, get your shit together... 




 Fuck it, might as well skip the abuse phase and go right to the snitching 




 RHODE ISLAND! RHODE ISLAND! 




 Someone must have called him the Dane Cook of his generation 




 Pure Envy 




 I always have pipe cleaners, duct tape, super glue, and silicon on hand.  









 I mean sorry I dont know all the big words behind it, but I dont hear you coming up with anything Mr. Sarcastic Smartguy 




 Pou-Pou-Pou-nanny! Can't get it out your head now 




 I have a theory on this...

Our cells, know how to survive this environment. Come in contact with closely related cells from 5,000 years ago (that dont know how to survive these elements). And Bam, Science. Bam. You die. 
























 Numbers dont lie, cats fucking suck 




 The PDSA Dickin Medal, recognised worldwide as the animals Victoria Cross, is awarded to animals displaying conspicuous gallantry or devotion to duty while serving or associated with any branch of the Armed Forces or Civil Defence Units. The PDSA Dickin Medal is the highest award any animal can receive whilst serving in military conflict.

The Medal, which can only be considered on receipt of an official commendation, has been awarded 65 times since 1943. The recipients comprised 32 pigeons, 29 dogs, three horses and one cat. In 2014 the first and only Honorary PDSA Dickin Medal was awarded to war horse Warrior on behalf of all animals that served in World War I.

 









 we tried... we'll try again tomorrow... 




 LOL'ed Catfished!!!  




 but those cheap flights 




 Good to see Iowa is doing something at least 




 "If this gets 10,000 upvotes, ill abolish slavery." - Abraham Lincoln 




 After just a couple of hours drifting, the boat exploded. Most believe that a Soviet torpedo hit and sank the Struma. The Turks did not send out rescue boats until the next morning - they only picked up one survivor (David Stoliar). All 767 of the other passengers perished. 









 The festival was staged on the area of a former freight station. The capacity of the enclosed location was limited to 250,000 people,[6] but more than one million visitors were expected, based on the experience of previous years.

Entrance should have been granted at 11:00, but was granted at 12:00 CEST.[7]A 240-metre tunnel from the east and a series of underpasses from the west met at a ramp that was supposed to be the only entrance and exit point of the festival area.[8] A smaller ramp existed between the underpasses from the west. Because of overcrowding, police at the entrance began announcing over loudspeakers that new arrivals should turn around and head back.[9][10] The side of the tunnel that was the entry of the parade area was closed, but people continued to enter the tunnel from the rear, despite being told it was closed. The deaths occurred as the ramp between tunnel underpasses and the festival area became overcrowded.[11][12]

There was some debate as to how the deaths occurred. Some reports suggested they were caused by people falling off a staircase as they tried to escape the tunnel.[13] However, autopsies showed that all of the fatalities were due to crushed rib cages.[13][14] A 2012 scientific analysis of the causes of the disaster dismissed the earlier descriptions of the incident as stampede or crowd panic, and instead found evidence for a phenomenon called "crowd turbulence".[1] 









 After the earthquake, survivors began injecting opium on a large scale. It was easily accessible, due to Bam's location on a trade route for drugs coming from Afghanistan and Pakistan. By 2006, over 50% of men and roughly 15% of women were addicted. The youngest addict was reported to be 11 years of age. Construction workers have historically been large injectors, and the rise in addiction may be attributed to them passing needle onto the public. An anonymous UNICEF worker claimed that drugs were slowing reconstruction and lessening motivation.[37] 









 Organized by students and teachers. Rope donated by local store. Five students lost fingertips. Hundreds others injured. Parent plans to sue. yadda yadda yadda. American education system. Dumb leading the blind.  





























 I've always heard that when a dog turns sideways to another dog/animal, it means he is acknowledging that it is your territory, but it is still asserting itself. Apparently if you turn your back to a dog it shows submissiveness and youre more likely to be attacked. Can anyone confirm? Dog specifically? 




 Oooo you know what that made me think of a great one with dogs! But great input! 




 I read the comments to a cat video the other day and someone mentioned the cats tail between its legs, moving the way it was, means the cats pissed. What are some other good signs to know that animals give? (humans included)  




 Get the fuck out of there 




 I'd just take the seizures thank you 




 Name so relevant  




 that's all i was trying to say. I mean I dont think anyone deserves to be physically assaulted for something so petty. But rewind before the woman assaulted her, put an older, more handicap person in the other vehicle and now who's the asshole?  




 Deserved it by no means, means did not deserve it fyi. I can give two shits about downvotes, but seriously like the other guy said she tried stealing the spot from another handicap person. Shes a dick. If shes not a dick, she obviously shouldnt be driving if she was unaware of what was going on. I mean youre all on her side because shes the victim, but what if the person in the other car was older or more handicap? Then you'd all be bashing her. So whatever spin you'd like to take go for it, I still stand by my argument that she put herself in that situation, did she deserve it? by no means. By no means did she deserve it. Deserve it she did not. She did not deserve it. Theyre ya go, now back to watching your VHS thunderdome tapes. 




 Am I the only one who thinks she kinda was asking for it? I mean she straight up jacked someones spot at walmart. Thats like walking through a whore a house and being shocked when you get your junk grabbed. Deserved it by no means. 




 hmm... you have my attention... What was in the box?? some beanie babies? 




 I like this article. I own quite a few guns, from pistols to shotguns to rifles. But I also believe in some sort of system that should be in place for weapon ownership. I respect weapons, but I'm ex military and at one point I had a concealed carry license. I know the laws on weapons. I've seen the damage they can do firsthand. I am not the typical gun owner though. Like everything, the more educated you are about something, the less you're likely to abuse it ignorantly.  




 He's in the military now.  









 Anal 




 I used to love the guy. Then about a year back I read an article about him blocking some lawsuit from environmentalist groups against the oil industry with some bullshit excuse about jobs and keeping the industry here. Then he went did his little guest appearance on Duck Dynasty. Kinda opened up my eyes, like what the fuck is our Governor doing on Duck Dynasty?
 




 i disagree 
























 Shit I shit 




 he's draining everyone of their powers to math 




 hmmm so how far does a ship have to go under to, by your simplified, one definitive definition of sink for a ship to be considered to have "sunk"?

Completely submersed? to a certain depth? To the bottom?

Now what if that "sunk" ship resurfaces? I mean youre obviously a troll or very irrational of a person to not be able to understand that a word may have multiple meanings... 

But sure. you're right. I think you probably need this win anyways kiddo. Good luck! 




 |Olympic's first major mishap occurred on her fifth voyage on 20 September 1911, when she collided with the British cruiser HMS Hawke off the Isle of Wight. The collision took place as Olympic and Hawke were running parallel to each other through the Solent. As Olympic turned to starboard, the wide radius of her turn took the commander of the Hawke by surprise, and he was unable to take sufficient avoiding action.[29] The Hawke's bow, which had been designed to sink ships by ramming them, collided with Olympic's starboard side near the stern, tearing two large holes in Olympic's hull, above and below the waterline, resulting in the flooding of two of her watertight compartments and a twisted propeller shaft|

See definition of sinking, 
The compartments flooded, so therefore it sunk. Not completely, but it did sink. Like when you "sink" down into your seat.

Now can you just admit loss and move on? 




 Ah, you are correct. Well to an extent. The article just says she survived the sinkage of the three ships. never says she was on them at the time of sinkages.

Rebuttal? 




 Sank as in to sink correct. Well let's see what the definition of sink is. 

Sink
1 go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
2 descend; drop.

discussion over
 




 Uh, I'm pretty sure It sank a little if it collided with another vessel. The headline doesn't say completely sank or submersed. If we wanna be technical assholes here 




 Username checks out, does go to Hampshire  









 I dont get this at all. Why take this picture and post it to reddit? And sure im gonna get a shit ton of hate because its such an "emotional picture" but I dont care.

1. Why would you take a picture of a person in this predicament that you work with? As a medical provider, ive been in these situations and If i saw you taking a picture of me like this or of one of my colleagues I'd come knock your teeth out.

2. Reminds me of photographers that flock to tragedy for the "perfect shot." They have photographers that will delay a persons care for their shot, one particular case where a photographer climbed on top of an ambulance that my team and I were trying to load a 2 month old in septic shock into evac to a USN ship. Real piece of shit, but point being this is a pretty shitty picture.

3. What did you plan on doing with the picture? Are you going to go give it to that young provider, so he can remember that time he lost a 19 year old? 

But whatever, im an asshole i guess. The asshole still inside working feeling my heart out for this new young doc while i watch some toolbag emt take a picture of him.  




 Article:

"The pharaohs would likely spin in their sarcophagi if they knew where all their carefully erected obelisks have gone. For of the 21 ancient obelisks still standing, Egypt itself can claim fewer than five. Rome boasts 13, all snatched from the Land of the Pharaohs in Roman times, and the rest are spread from Istanbul to New York City. Click on the labeled map below to view and review the world's 12 mightiest standing monoliths." 









 No buds  









 No. It Daffy Duck had both. Thank you. 
 




 traded the seizures for a stutter 
























 Ok. 

 The fearless hunter snatched her rifle, took aim at the deadly beast which was just 10 feet away, and gunned it down  saving her sibling's life 

Tanner White reportedly went outside to feed the family's dogs but, as he walked back to the house, the cougar jumped out from under one of their cars.With the young boy seemingly unaware he was being followed, he let himself back inside the house and shut the door.
His father then looked out the window and was stunned to see the cougar just feet away.
Cal Treser, enforcement officer for Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife, revealed that little Shelby White  who has a permit to kill cougars  acted immediately.
She grabbed her rifle and shot the cougar dead, before posing for pictures alongside her kill, he added.

The reason my granddaughter shot the cougar was because she was only one in our family that had a tag, William White says. Were trying to follow the law as best we can.


My point being, if you have the time to decide who should shoot the animal due to permits, then youre most likely not in a life or death situation. Or youre making bullshit up. 
 




 this is reddit, its what we do 




 Here's the jist of it. Tags are given by the state to control the taking of wild game, as to account for numbers and how many can be taken without endangering the species/family in the area. Its legal to kill these animals if you have the proper tags.

The problem is this. When you have 700 acres of land in the northwest, poaching is easy. The story that the family is going with absolutely makes no sense at all. They paint a picture of this 11 year old girl being a bad ass traccker, shes not. There is no way her and little brother are hanging out and she runs in the house, after making the ethical decision with her family that she should kill the cougar sense she was the only one with a tag, grabs a rifle and quick scopes a 3ft cougar "stalking" her brother. Especially with their prior engagements with endangered animals.

Favorite line is by the grandpa saying were just trying to follow the law as best as we can or what not. No, no, no my friend, your last issue wasnt a little mistake, it was you consciously killing an endangered animal then trying to mail it over the border under false labeling. You are not a law abiding sportsman, youre a piece of shit. The equivelent of Fred Phelps to the sportsman community. 




 can confirm. am cougar. would have mauled kid. 




 not for me 




 hmmm, i feel like there is so much more to this story... what happened at the country club... wheres tiger woods? 




 Its great man 









 You should have just freaking blew all of it at Pechanga Hotel 




 your correct 




 your wrong
 




 Maurice Henry Pappworth (9 January 1910  12 October 1994) was a pioneering British medical ethicist and tutor, best known for his 1967 book Human Guinea Pigs, which exposed the unethical dimensions of medical research. Born and educated in Liverpool, Pappworth graduated as a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery in 1932 from Liverpool University. After working in a series of junior medical positions, his applications for more senior posts were rejected because of his Jewish parentage. In the Second World War he served in the Royal Army Medical Corps. Having been unsuccessful in achieving a post in any well known London hospital after the war, he set up in London as an independent medical consultant and tutor.

Pappworth's teaching of postgraduate students had a profound effect on the Membership of the Royal College of Physicians (MRCP) examination pass rate, and his contact with junior doctors led him to investigate the ethics of medical research on humans. The publication of Human Guinea Pigs, which examined unethical medical research practices, exposed the subject to a wider audience and led to Pappworth's becoming persona non grata within the medical establishment for much of his career, but ultimately helped lead to stricter codes of practice for human experimentation. 









 if youre curious about the topic look up "Human Guinea Pig" By Maurice Henry Pappworth. Book covers the stories of service members affected by nuclear research / test that the government denies benefits for. 

Really interesting, there a chapter about the guys who went aboard the ships after the testing at Bikini Atoll. Sailors, living on nuclear tainted ships, for weeks at a time cleaning the. Also talks about the guys who watched the testings out in arizona. 




 hmm... 




 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins, does that count? 
























