 I think I only watched or liked season 1 and 2 also.  When I think back, I don't know if it was comic gold, or if I was just a stupid teenager. 




 I remember that shit!  Fuck I liked Mad tv... 




 Once read that deja v could be connected to tumors in your temporal lobe.  http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-help/type/brain-tumour/about/brain-tumour-symptoms 




 Sinatra! 




 That's what I thought!  Then I found it on my computer and shit my fuckin' pants!  




 It's nothing compared to the other things mentioned here.  It's gross though. 




 There's a movie named Angus, from the 90's, that guy was a cool kid in the movie :)  that's what I think of anyway, I actually like the name because of that movie. 




 She is so pretty! 




 I didn't downvote you.  Dick.

And I didn't say nag them during their haircut.  

If someone were to really come to me and want me to make their hair look nice and feel healthy, but only wanted 1/8 of an inch off, I would definitely try to convince them to do the least I thought was necessary.  But I wouldn't start til we were on the same page, and I definitely wouldn't do anything they wouldn't want me to. 




 Relevant sequel with Johnny Cash

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0XUTD7QYcs feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 Nail on the head! 




 It's gorgeous! 




 I laughed, then I cried :( 




 Thank you posting this! 




 The exact same thing happened to me.   Plus I didn't feel morning sickness til I was about 7 1/2 weeks along. 




 Her song "Cola" is mesmerizing, and dirty. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l98v1AXNtw feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The Smiths 




 Good luck girl!  I wish I had advice,  but I'm not in your boat. 




 The only way you'll get a decent part, is if you part it when it's very wet and let it dry like that.  Sometimes the hair is naturally forced in a certain direction, and it may be difficult to change directions.  But it should.  I wish I had more advice. 




 That's a good one! 




 My husband does this.  I ask him why, he says, to show its authenticity.  But he insists there's other ways to prove its authentic.  With his own argument,  he proves the sticker isn't necessary. 




 :'D how exciting! 




 This is a lot more complicated than you would think.


First off, if you have any artificial hair color already on your hair, a lighter color will not do anything. Hair color is a lot more gentle than bleach, so it won't break through artificial hair dye to lighten it.

Sometimes when you dilute hair color, it inhibits it from depositing a nice tone and you may be left with more of an unwanted warmer tone.  

There are factors that need to be considered,  just be sure to talk to a professional in great detail before you waste your time. 




 I have to say, I thought the first Saw was pretty enjoyable;  while the next 20 were insanely unnecessary.  




 Insanely cruel!  Call them! 




 I've seen an addict show on this, people get addicted to this.  I don't understand it. 




 Hi!  Good luck with everything!  You guys are adorable! 




 She is gorgeous!  




 Wow.  All I remember about my trip to London is that my money didn't go too far.  But I have to say the majority of the time, I feel like the quality was way above ours on many things. 




 I think you should watch some EPICMEALTIME.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9FRSghXhDM feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The mom and pop places would probably have donuts cheaper, but Dunkin' Donuts, where I live(NV, USA), is $9/dozen. 




 Yay it's so good!   I put a piece  of chocolate in the center before I popped it in the microwave and it turned it into a molten lava cake.    




 I was joking, meaning it's outdated. 




 Ok, gorgeous baby.  Xoxo! 




 Oh shit!! 




 It was unbelievable, that's for sure. 




 Did you calculate your due date yet?? 




 Well, disgraceful art. 




 Yay, so exciting! 




 It's called 2005. 




 I too would like to know this.  




 Yay 









 I like the name, but the last person I knew named Dexter was a 80 year old man.  I have a feeling the majority of people would jump to the show :/    




 I'm still playing MW3,  occasionally COD 4 even.  Def not up to date. 




 Thank you  




 O man, you have the best taste in products, I agree 100%. 




 Correct this if it's wrong, but once you deny the holy spirit, isn't that blasphemy?  Isn't blasphemy the only unforgivable sin?  Unforgivable, as in, no chance you will get to heaven? 




 This has nothing to do with christianity or atheism, this is one person's opinion on his personal experience with inappropriate behavior from an adult.  The fact that it makes you so angry is scary.  

Meanwhile there's small fundamentalist religious groups that marry 12 year old girls with old men, and you're here complaining about this guy.  Is this a joke? 




 I'm not arguing here I just think you need to calm down.  This is one man's incidence with being touched as a child, and his feelings towards it.


This was his explanation:

"Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 "Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 How adorable!  :'D 




 :')  so fun to watch. 




 He said it didn't have lasting negative effects on him, he's not saying it's an appropriate action.  You only read what you want to read.  This has nothing to do with anything.  

But while we are on the subject of pedophilia, shall we bring up the catholic church and their morally sound foundation?   




 That is a perfect silhouette!  




 Man, don't tell them that. 




 I'm due in April too!  Hey buddy! 




 That's pretty sound advice.  Speed will only get better as she gains more experience. 




 I want waffles :'( 




 Yes! 




 Eulogy for a Dog, by George Vest


	Gentlemen of the jury: 

The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. 

His son or daughter that he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. 

Those who are nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may become traitors to their faith. 

The money that a man has, he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it the most. 

A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. 

The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. 

The one absolutely unselfish friend that a man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him and the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous is his dog.


Gentlemen of the jury:

A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. 

He will sleep on the cold ground, where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may be near his master's side. 

He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer, he will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness of the world. 

He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. 

When all other friends desert, he remains. 

When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens.

If fortune drives the master forth an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard against danger, to fight against his enemies, and when the last scene of all comes, and death takes the master in its embrace and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open in alert watchfulness, faithful and true even to death. 




 Her response is more like she's letting him know he won't be judged. 




 I need to learn how to do that.  That would be a fun skill. 









 Well you helped me! 




 The cutest idea ever!  




 There's another one called Fall From Grace. 




 Yay!  See, everything's fine :D  




 How unfortunate. 




 I have been in the hair industry for about a decade, and there's only been a few products that have impressed me.  The latest and most favorite one?  Moroccan Oil Brand shampoo and conditioner... just heavenly. 




 Then, you're still wrong.  It doesn't taste greasy or undercooked. 




 It's well cooked and I don't see much of any grease.  If you don't l Ike it, that's fine, but your points are dumb. 




 Mine just looked like that last night!  I went to planned parenthood today, and I'm pregnant! 4 weeks along. 




 Shorkie!  Like mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Totally a Shorkie!  Here's mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Yes!  He looks just like my Shorkie!

http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 In love! 




 I don't see an ombre. 




 Polka Trash! 




 I thought this looked familiar, this kid I follow on twitter tried taking the credit.

http://www.imgur.com/ehsm4sW.png
 




 As /u/torchytodd said, Vanish is your best bet.  Some color removing systems contain bleach, you have to be careful what you buy.

Even with color removers, you can't expect the best case scenario, the results *can* be minimal depending on how much color has been deposited on your hair in the past.  But at least they are safe and you can do them multiple times. 




 Artificial color doesn't lift artificial color.  It will only change the virgin growth.  That's why the process is more pricey,  it's a process.  You have to use professional color removers or bleach to lift out artificial color. 




 Thought this guy would make an appearance. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piwmshfmsrc feature=youtube_gdata_player
 




 He was *dyingggg* to blame someone else.   




 First of all, it depends on what kind of cheese.  Gouda is expensive here, I'm sorry, but you're wrong.  I don't know where you'd get coffee like that for a dollar or less either. 




 Idk man...

2 eggs - $4.50
Potatoes- $1.75
Yogurt- $3.00
Cheese- $8.00
Carrots- $1.50
Lemons-$2.50
Onions-$2.00
Tomatoes- $3.00
Radishes- $1.50
Coffee- $7.00
Fish thing-$3.50?

Well this is Las Vegas, NV.  Nothing is grown or bred here.

 




 I disagree. 

Gouda cheese alone would be like $8.  We might get deals in the US, but this is insanely cheap. 




 http://www.imgur.com/Dr6uVJd.jpeg

That is a blended haircut, and your pics are not.  See how the sides graduate into the top length?  In your pictures, the top is disconnected.

Please tell me you notice the difference. 




 Amazing haircut!  He looks like this guy...! http://www.imgur.com/A59Vymt.png 




 It looks like a 1 1/2.

I think an important detail is that in the pictures you're showing, the sides aren't blended to the top,  there's a very clean disconnect.  

You have to show the stylist those pictures and tell them you want it disconnected like the pictures.  If someone were to walk in and tell me they wanted a 1 1/2 on the sides, it would be my natural reaction to blend it, which creates a very different look from these pictures. 




 More like what I say to men like you. 




 Does silver or gold compliment your skin better?  If gold, you should have your hair a warm shade, if silver, it should be a cooler tone.  Most colors have a warmer or cooler version.  Say red, warm red would be more copper, a cool red would be violet.   















































































 Your ways aren't evil, it sounds like what everyone goes through.  I'm not trying to make your problems sound insignificant, but if you keep calling it evil it will make you feel terrible about yourself....  And masturbation is fun and healthy. 




 K 




 I'm not getting what you're throwing I guess.  How can my assumption be that off if you affiliate with a Christian religion? 




 I assume that since you identify under a certain denomination,  that you have at least minimal respect for the book. 




 I don't claim that there are *any* books written by anything but fallible humans... 

But I sure as hell wouldn't do anything as drastic as follow a religion written by them.  

I mean fuck, a lot of people think the Mormons are crazy because a couple hundred years ago Joseph Smith talked to God and created a religion.  If someone does that now, we put them in the psych ward.  What the hell is the difference?  In my eyes, crazy people wrote the book you're defending. 




 Why would you live by a book that was written by fallible men? 




 You know people are born gay and don't have a choice, great.  

The fact that they can't control their orientation is something that hasn't been known for a long time.  When all we had thousands of years ago were lines like this to refer to, 

"If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them."-Lev.20:13 

...people were well convinced it was a choice.

But thats humankind for you, learning evolving, continuing to gain information. You are helping me make my point.  

*This book has gotten things wrong.* 

I know what you might say, "of course a book written so long ago wouldn't have all the answers..." "it must be interpreted correctly to understand it's significance/meaning..."  but it got equality wrong, a human right that people are still fighting for!  People shouldn't be able to  blame it on the interpretation or time it was written.  Not acceptable to me, considering how many people live their life hanging by every word of that book.

 




 Who is telling you that the bible, or any part of the bible, is not meant to be taken literally?  The only answer that I'd accept is God, or the people that wrote it.  

Since they're not here to explain themselves, it's up to the people who preach to the masses with their own ideas, interpretations and agendas. 




 5,700 and 10,000 years, I'm sorry.  And when I say, "that's what the bible says," I'm only speaking of a literal *interpretation.*   




 You are an example of what I'm talking about, no offense.  If you literally interpret it, it does say the earth is that old.

"Young Earth creationism (YEC) is the religious belief that the Universe, Earth and all life on Earth were created by direct acts of the Abrahamic God during a relatively short period, sometime between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago. Its primary adherents are those Christians and Jews who, using a literal interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative as a basis, believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days."

Edit:  Like you said, you can easily say that a literal interpretation of Genesis is ludicrous because the age of the earth has evidence that it is billions of years old.    

But is that how everything will go in the bible once we find enough evidence against it?   




 No.  They might have a hard time admitting to themselves they feel that way, but never in a conversation or debate has any Christian admitted that to me.  If it was my religion, and I felt like the only connection I had to a religion was a holy book, I'd feel the same.  I feel like questioning the book, would be the start to losing faith. 




 I agree with you that there are different genres of the bible.  I really should have worded it better, because you are absolutely right.

Let me put it this way.  I'm not referring to the miracles, the prayers, the mythical creatures.  I'm talking about history, human morality, very black and white topics where there isn't and shouldn't be a gray area. 




 Well, I don't know how you'd come to that conclusion, I don't believe it to be either.  The Christians that celebrate Easter I'm sure think it actually happened. 




 I could figuratively be a sheep, but literally neither. 




 Some people?  I am talking about the people who have nothing more than common knowledge on the subject.   Every religious person that has crossed my path, had their own way of interpreting things in the bible.  

The ones that think the earth is 6,000 years old, take Genesis literally.  The Christians that believe what the scientists say to be accurate, say it's up for interpreting and that science fits with the bible.  Of course there are people that say science fits with the bible, because there's an overwhelming amout of evidence to support the age of our planet and they'd be crazy not to agree.

The same with homosexuality.  It's a sin.  Gay people are a large group, that are shunned by numerous religious organizations.  But then other groups say God loves everyone and excepts everyone.  

It seems to conveniently come down to whether or not an individual is personally accepting or not of the lifestyle but they just blame it on the interpretation of their bible.  




 I just always wonder how people decide what to take literally, or figuratively in the bible.

Whether it be how old the earth is said to be, or the view on homosexuality.  Everything..

People will say that the earth isn't *literally* 6,000 years old, and that you shouldn't interpret Genesis as literal.  

Who are they to interpret it the way they feel it should be?   Not only that, but interpret the whole thing the same way or don't.  The picking and choosing is all over the place. 




 O yes 




 In the span of a few decades we went from smoking on planes to grounding them over a match.  I agree that's its dangerous, but I could see how someone from that age might disregard the danger. 









 I want to help you, but I've never used that brand.  Pomades aren't suppose to dry stiff, the base it's made of is usually beeswax or oil.   But this could have other properties that give it that effect. 




 By far the best! 




 How exciting!  Love it. 




 Can I ask the time span that this covered?  I love looking at hair transformation albums like this, thank you. 




 Since facial hair is more coarse and resistant than normal hair, sometimes the formula is stronger.  

It's absolutely safe if it gets on your skin, but if the color is darker it could stain your skin.  That's the only thing you'd wanna worry about, is staining.  So avoid the skin as much as possible.  Just lightly paint it on with a q-tip and let it process for the time specified.  




 Young Adult.  I just love Charlize Theron in that movie.   




 How old? 




 Definitely Chi flat iron.  If she requests a big curling iron, I'd get her at least a 1 1/2" one.  The flat iron is important to get a good brand, the curling iron, not as important.  But Hot Tools brand is good. 




 But while you are letting the top grow, you could fade the sides.  It usually makes the overall shape more desirable when the sides are shorter.  Her advice is sound.  




 I think that's an amazing question 




 Very common!  They do sell facial hair dye.   




 Is that like a 3 on top, 2 on the sides?  It's very short, but what do you usually do, 5 and a 4?   




 You must be pretty young 




 I've noticed, the times when it foams the most, there is some sort of cleaner in the toilet, or residual cleaner left over from the previous flush.  Might not be relevant, just my observation. 




 I like these the best, out of all these posts. 




 *I think I'm doing okay for a 15 year old with a wife and a baby.* 

That shit cracked me up 




 I thought that emphasis was necessary.  I find many people saying there is this blurred line when it comes to attraction to the same sex for females.  A lot of women do it for critical acclaim, and I think that's where it gets messy.  It creates this weird stigma for the ones with genuine attraction.  My opinion.  




 I am female.  I *do* find myself staring at certain females sometimes, but I never reach the point of sexual attraction, ever.  I am very straight.  I find it hilarious when I stare too long.  But it feels like human nature to appreciate immaculate appearances. ::shrugs:: 




 That's exactly it.  On the strip and under the Fremont Street Experience,  anything can be open, it's legal!  But East Fremont,  just outside the main drag where all the hipster bars are, is where the law changes.  The rest of the city is not open-container legal, just strip and under Fremont Experience.  




 What if she has been pregnant multiple times but has had multiple miscarriages and can't conceive?  And everytime she sees her face on a magazine with that headline she is forced to be reminded... 




 I've heard that the most simplistic is the healthiest.  Everything you listed are single ingredients, therefore the healthiest.  

When it comes to overprocessed, majorly artificial,  super-refined shit, our bodies don't even recognize it as food;  another reason why it's hard to feel full on junk food. 




 She fucking nailed that Joan Jett persona!  That was the one movie that made me appreciate Kristen Stewart's acting. 




 Aww, you killed it. 




 Thank you 




 I'm so sorry, what happened in FL?  Has this already been implemented?  









 He's got your baby.

That scene in 2 made the scene from 1 scarier to me. 




 I didn't get through to the end of that one.  He was too repulsive.  




 It has the smallest molecules, stains easy and slips out easy. 




 I really don't want to sound mean, but it looks like an 80's jerry curl.  Maybe you should try it shorter.  




 He tastes like you, but sweeter. 




 I completely agree.  But I get the vibe he seems like a really nice guy. 




 I love the short-lived yoga in the park scene.   




 I think it's so weird that women can be divided on this, but I hate when a guy sucks on it!  Soft, repetitious licking feels the best to me. 




 That warms my heart. 




 In Her Shoes.  Toni Collette should have won an Oscar, in my opinion.  




 Bottom left! 




 Yea, you should feel the vibe pretty easy whether they say they are or not.  Good luck.  




 I am a stylist who is very comfortable with fading.  You may not find that everywhere.  Read reviews and find a good barber in your area.  Just remember to take that pic with you lol. 




 I think you would rock that style wonderfully.  Just remember to take that photo with you, because consultations can be confusing and it's not the normal way of fading a man's cut.  But, fucking go for it dude! 




 I agree.  This seems like a popular look, so it'd be easy to tell you with a better view of it.   




 It looks nice, a lot of different colors, I can't really tell what's going on. 




 We would really just need to see your hair. 




 
...I agree with you?  I feel like you're yelling at me. 




 Four Rooms!  Tim Roth, Tarantino,  Madonna... very interesting. 




 How do I get there 




 If it weren't for the believers of scientology,  there would be no scientology.  They might be pawns, but they fuel the fire. 




 They just did this multi-million dollar renovation on Caesar's Palace Buffet, holy shit, best buffet in town now.  http://www.caesarspalace.com/restaurants/bacchanal-buffet.html#.UlpiWaO3PFo  No one can argue this! 




 A miscarriage feels like labor pains.  It's terrible, I don't wish it on my worst enemy.  Instead of the pain giving you a child, it just gives you more pain :(  




 /r/wheredidthesodago

Funny, wholesome, doesn't make me sad. 




 I keep forgetting this specific movie scene.  Broke my heart. 




 They would post fundamentalist pictures, I'd share my opposing opinion.  They unfriended me, but last I saw on Twitter,  they now share my beliefs... I feel I contributed somewhat to their switch, but it wasn't my intention.  




 Soooo accurate.  




 Four Rooms!  Tim Roth, Tarantino,  Madonna... very interesting. 




 I respect your judgement on scientology,  but there is more bullshit in this world than you think.  My christian ex sister-in-law was forced to go to this place in TX as a teen.   http://www.recoveringalumni.com/?m=0# 




 Yes 




 http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/fine-day-hike-leads-blm-fines-red-rock Not in my town, they are assholes. 




 They don't put the employees to work to keep the parks up and running, but they make sure there are people working that can give citations. http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/fine-day-hike-leads-blm-fines-red-rock 




 You're not wrong, but he isn't either.  His comment is referencing The Fremont Street Experience, and your article's gray matter is just outside the Fremont Experience,  Fremont east.  As long as you're in the main drag,  drink up! 




 That's the magic I was hoping for.  It was this joint concert back in December,  he was playing with The Reverend Horton Heat in Vegas.  He was suppose to be out first.  Nothing was said, no one apologized, just a complete no-show.  The fucker. 




 I was really teetering, but I agree we shouldn't have responded at all.  There is absolutely nothing we could say, and after reading the response billboards again, I definitely agree they are probably the most juvenile way to get the message out.  This is a crucial time for atheism, we can't look lower than they are.  Those response billboards should've been so much more thought out anyway, It shouldn't be that hard to make Ken Ham look like an ass. 




 Is your job physically exhausting?  That would be a big factor for me.  But anyway, take off when you can, everyone is right when they say life is meant to be lived. 




 Yes.  Double negatives are fucking terrible. 




 This article says the opposite.  http://dictionary.reference.com/help/faq/language/g09.html

I'm not trying to argue but, this makes more sense. 




 Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedy's... the asshole didn't show up.  I still think highly of him. 




 Before my grandpa died, he was sitting next to me when that music video came on.  He said, "He wrote that song because of his troubled life, and he knew it would be his last."  I thought it was sweet that he felt the song's emotions, I couldn't bring myself to tell him it wasn't written by Johnny.  No music has ever effected my grandpa enough to talk about it.  This definitely is a good one. 




 I enjoy my life in Las Vegas.  When you get away from the strip, we have some beautiful desert landscaping, beautiful master-planned communities, wide open streets and friendly people.  If you *choose* to be on the strip, we have world-class restaurants and hotels;  and don't forget, debauchery of your choosing.

I don't understand all the hate, if I go to North Town off of Fremont, I could find drug addicts.  They are there, they are in lots of cities.  But it's your opinion to hate our region.  For every bad area of the city, there are good. 




 Their ad is much more distasteful. 




 It is so insane that my situation is identical!  Ultrasound Tuesday. Was planning scheduling d c Wednesday.  All day Wednesday (yesterday) was unbearable pain and between huge clots was oceans of blood.  

I opted for the d c to avoid that whole situation :(  but I had the brunt of it naturally.  They did my d c today, no more blood coming out, still have moderate cramps.  

Hugs xoxo, I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.  




 I'd like to help you out, but it's really hard to give advice when I can't see what you're working with.  If you can't post a picture, maybe explain your hair's natural texture and desired length.  It sounds like you want some asymmetrical style, and that's cool, just very vague. 




 I agree, you don't see that too often! 




 Expensive window cleaner. 




 Crybaby was always a cult classic to me,  then I watched it recently and I realized how cheesy it is.  I still love it, but I can see where people get the hate from.  I honestly haven't talked to a lot of people that have even seen it. 




 You can't really tell what's going on with the hair color in these pics.  Post pictures that better shows your hair color and we might be able to help more.

Edit:  If it's something you really desire, you should go for it.  There are some cons.  Short haircuts are a lot more maintenance and upkeep and the picture you chose is an intermediate style to achieve on your own.  It might look easy, but it is a little harder than it looks.  It's not impossible though, you should just be prepared. 




 Cherry Poppin' Daddies.  Everyone thinks it's shitty swing revival band, but they span across many genres.  Plus their energy and stage presence are unparalleled.  




 Sometimes toning it when it has a lot of damage makes it mucky looking.  I would let the hair cuticle calm down and do some conditioning treatments before toning.   

There are so many medium blondes that would be gorgeous against your skin tone.  Brass doesn't suit many people.  Dont give up hope! 




 Stop googling!  Lol.  You have a reason to be positive, the heartbeat!  Stay strong mama. 




 Well, what he's saying is she doesn't have to pay til she reaches her destination... where the babysitter could pay for her.  Get it? 




 I'm 11w 6d.  We were so excited today my nurse was giving us a sneak peek, just for fun because my insurance only covers one US per pregnancy.  She looked for 2 seconds and said "it doesn't look 11 weeks, come back tomorrow for a size and dating ultrasound."  :(  

I had one at 8w5d just for fun and it measured fine with a good heartbeat.  But now I'm feeling very sad.  It did look very small, but she didn't try to move around or find a heartbeat.  I'm trying to be realistic and not overly optimistic,  but we will see.


Edit:  Nightmare confirmed, will be scheduling a D C tomorrow, hope to see all you guys in the future sometime.  :( 




 Something pointless happened every two seconds... jesus, it was over the top with the cheap scares. 




 I'm curious of your critique. 




 Vagina bacon knows. 




 Well that's a good point. 




 It's funny because it's fake.  But for the first 10 seconds, my brain thought it was real and I was very sad I just watched someone die. 
























 No he is on the disgustingly severe end.  I guess my wording was off, but... Jesus.  




 [Yea, like this guy](http://www.cnn.com/2013/12/18/world/europe/uk-lostprophets-sentence/) 




 [Antioxidants, possibly more benefits](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/heart-disease/in-depth/red-wine/art-20048281)

Not that mass consumption is healthy,  but I know there are zero benefits to soda.  




 *I know.* 




 I meant frozen *or* artificial.  I'm not really talking about *fish* being artificial, although I never did understand some people's love for imitation crab meat. 









 That is so sweet. 




 Fine hair is more fragile than coarse hair, it would be an even worse idea for fine hair. 




 It's definitely a good example of how a first episode can pull you in.  I was sad when it got cancelled.  




 Or do they? 




 [What you said reminded me of this article](http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/3624798/) 




 I use WD40 and I think it works great, it cleans them without drying them out, or rusting them.   




 I don't think that is crazy.  Black propaganda.  That's the way I feel about Alex Jones. 




 I meant "triangle."  Like, as to get into a car in the game Grand Theft Auto... I'm not too creative I guess.  









 The cop was the main actor in "The New Guy."  Do not know his name.  




 Products and treatments might make it feel a little better, but there's no way to just *rebuild* hair.  

That amount of damage has to be from something you're doing. .. Flat iron?  Color?  Constant swimming in chlorine?  

Whatever it is, find the root of the problem, stop doing it and just gradually grow and trim it until it feels amazing again.  It will take a while, but if you want to keep your hair a decent length you'll have to be patient.  




 Not only do some women like to have dry hair, sometimes they have an unruly texture and have to smooth it down with a round brush.  Women might have too many things, but these aren't negotiable to most.   




 Well if they'd make all fuckin' counters just a little bit bigger...  




 [Thirteen, written by Danzig for Johnny Cash](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GR8c7Ig2it8 feature=youtube_gdata_player)

[Also performed by Glenn Danzig](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-HOnWT5PYQ feature=youtube_gdata_player) 




 How unfortunately true. 




 I was always under the impression that spouses did incur the dept,  so that's not true?  




 [Four Rooms](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rieq_TR7cV0 feature=youtube_gdata_player) 




 The lighting is just superb.  I think a lot of amateurs make simple mistakes and aren't patient enough to use the natural sun the best way they can. 




 Hey.  *I* don't scream for equality, I'd love to be in the kitchen.  




 Def not alone! 




 Ok. Fucking *loved* that! 




 His voice is surprisingly marvelous.  Great choice. 




 Ok that was pretty great! 




 I agree, but I hate their cover of "Die, Die My Darling." 




 That Hurt cover, would honestly be in a tie for first for me.  Thanks for the mention. 




 I just learned that he wasn't the original artist, thank you. 




 I'll start.

This cover of [Stairway to Heaven](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK_DOJa99oo feature=youtube_gdata_player) by Heart, leaves me in tears. 









 Maniac Mansion. 




 [LIVE TO WIN, PAUL STANLEY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QdQS1QhQA0 feature=youtube_gdata_player) 




 Rotten.com 




 I don't know if I agree with this.  I charge $150 for roots, partial, cut, blowout.  If I wanted to help a friend, even if I went to their house, I would never expect $150.  

It's really nice to receive the same, but if you're going to call it a friendly favor, where does that part come out.  The comfort of their house doesn't even do anything for me, I'd much rather have a comfortable shampoo bowl and salon chair so I'm not making them uncomfortable or breaking my back.

When I do hair for people at their house, it's something nice I like to do if they have kids and can't make it in, or if they are unable to drive.

But when it comes to maybe cutting them a break on the price, I would definitely have them come to me, so on top of me taking some off their bill, I'm not wasting my own gas to do it.  

I think a fair amount to pay would be 60-80% of what they would normally charge.  If he didn't tell you a price he probably wouldn't even expect that much, and he'd be thrilled. 




 That's... not safe. 




 Nice! 




 Wanderlust;  strong longing for or impulse towardwandering

 




 Oh good, it's nowhere near my house, I dont have to look like a *complete* idiot.  




 People have mentioned this to me, I cannot picture where in town this would be... 




 Hey now!  Atheism isn't infringing on equal rights, atheism isn't telling you what birth control they think is appropriate or not.  Atheist's don't have places of worship to gather and molest children, or collect money tax-free.  


Yes, piss on all those people.  I wish we could be a live and let live world. 




 There's just some things you don't talk about in public. 




 Ambient temperature can't keep the blood flowing to your extremities to make them warm.  Your blood keeps you warm.

Edit: I just re-read your reply.  I guess I don't have an explanation. 




 Maybe poor circulation.  




 *Tell her she's thin.*

"You seem malnourished. " 




 OPs hair looks a lot more like Ronald Reagan's or Desi Arnez's than it does [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comb_over).

It's fine that you think it's too subtle to be a pomp(which I disagree with considering the examples wiki shows), but it's definitely not a textbook "comb-over." 




 I first agreed with you, then I read the part of the wiki article where it mentions men with the "pomp," and most of those men's haircuts aren't huge and exaggerated.  I think modern descriptions have changed how we define it.  OP's might not be huge, but I think you could call it a pomp, mini pomp. 




 Perfect explanation.  




 Personally, even if there were 20 parachutes, I'd still never jump out of a plane. 




 That argument isn't really ideal.  Of course motorcycles are dangerous.  But the fact that you have 60 seconds to make a decision, that high up in the air, is pointless if your parachute isn't going to function.  Which is certain death.  I don't think skydiving is, in any way, an irrational fear. 




 You should definitely do an AMA.

 P.s. I love you. 




 [EDIT 2: Extra love to the individuals going specifically to my posts to downvote them, yet upvote the ones who agree with me. You're what makes the world go round. =)](http://www.imgur.com/H0RuzlF.gif)



 




 [Heheheh](http://www.imgur.com/auJlJks.jpeg) 




 This has definitely been a movie moment that has always stuck out to me! Love it. 




 [Fenga Papit](http://www.imgur.com/LrIJ3R9.jpeg) 




 I agree! 




 [The best one ever](http://www.imgur.com/TlV0xTE.gif) 




 Our entire valley has almost 2 million residents. 




 The two main reasons are concern about legal sports betting and competition for the entertainment dollar... Says Wikipedia. 




 Hell-to-the-no. 




 [Are You That Somebody That I Used a to Know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58tEjmXKWcU feature=youtube_gdata_player) 




 [White Town- Your Woman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIQWt3oMids feature=youtube_gdata_player)
 




 Gah, thank you. 




 The premise is what got me interested.  I agree that the very beginning was watchable, but it kept going deeper into this unfunny, tasteless humor. 




 Google Earth usually keeps people in awe for hours.  




 Did you see it?  Did you like it?   




 Wanderlust! 




 I've learned that saying "I'm sorry," isn't the best thing.  Reiterating an empathetic apology doesn't make anything better.   




 Idiocracy.  Maybe I wasn't giving it my full attention, but I saw nothing even slightly entertaining about that movie.  People talk about it like it's an obscure gem.  




 Shit that is holy! 




 I love how he thinks a banana is the perfect example of intelligent design.  When it's an even better example for evolution.  We haven't always had them,  they evolved.  They used to be inedible when raw.  




 Fucking brilliant. 




 Fuckin' [Missy The Cat](http://www.27bslash6.com/missy.html) 




 Religions are also no longer needed in todays society, if you need a book wrote thousands of years ago that contradicts itself hundreds of times and has had it's fundamentals proved wrong to live a good life then you have moral issues. Every human nowadays has the capability to be sensible and morally correct to their own judgement, why use something else that just causes problems?


Well put!
 




 I completely agree with how you describe your view.  Perfect.  

It's important to me because I feel like humanity has a lot of living to do.  I feel as if people are too busy worrying about how they will spend their afterlife than to really enjoy this life.  

It comes down to... NONE of us know what will happen after we die.  Nobody.   No one has that knowledge.  And instead of worrying about it, we should just live.  

I guess my viewpoint isn't geared towards fence-riders, more towards fundamentalists.  The people that waste their lives, or harm others, or stand in the way of other people's rights. 
 




 *out with it* 




 *Come on man.* 




 It *still* moves me really hard.  I always think of that as one of the influential songs ever.  




 All I see are big beautiful blue eyes!  




 Well, you've just explained the reason why he was chosen to be on Fox News.  Do you really think they'd get an intelligent, eloquent person that actually makes atheists look good?  Hell-to-the-no. 




 Well, he picked her.   




 Hoobastank 




 [It is!](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.arcsoft.perfect365)

Very fun, thank you. 




 Gay Bar-Electric Six 

[When I first saw it I was expecting something way different.]( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTN6Du3MCgI) 




 Ok... Nic Cage, in a good way!  




 cunt. 




 Yea I guess. 




 I agree the statement sounds negative, but what do you worship?  




 Sorry!  I had to reread the conversation.   




 You have no idea what you're talking about.  They are not labeled fundamentalists because of one individual collecting donations or running a shelter.

"Before the passing of the Homosexual Law Reform Act 1986 by the New Zealand Parliament, the Salvation Army was active throughout New Zealand gathering signatures for a petition seeking to prevent the bill's passing."  

They lobby against equal rights. 

That was pulled right from the page OP directed you to.

 




 Hey now, it is my *sole* opinion that I think he's a lame-ass. 




 [lame-ass]( http://www.imgur.com/CZgkUBh.jpeg) 




 Or toilet paper.  




 "Christian theology condemns blasphemy. It is spoken of in Mark 3:29, where blaspheming the Holy Spirit is spoken of as unforgivablethe eternal sin." [Wiki]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blasphemy)

That's just what I was going off of. 




 It feels the most complimentary when its dark. 




 Suicide is a sin, but I thought the only *unforgivable* sin was blasphemy?   




 Shorter would work, too.  You really just have the best texture and density for the style you're rockin now, though. 




 Happy birthday! 




 I am very depressed also. 




 That was very well explained,  thank you. 
























 That was nice.  Well I've always heard them in trees, their presence was always known.  I might have seen them in their bright green form, but as for this shit all over my house, I've never seen it.  I've lived in Las Vegas, NV for 15 years.  For the first few years I've lived here, I didn't even know that noise was coming from an insect, I was 13 years old and thought it was electricity of some sort. 




 Thank you everybody!  I've always known about Cicadas, but I've never seen them, just heard them.  I'm so appreciative for the quick replies. 









 I agree, that movie was better than I thought it would be.  It made me like her more. 




 :') very appreciated 




 [Johnny Cash joined in on the sequel](http://youtu.be/q-_XhuzIrqY) 




 We are in the same boat.  This is my second pregnancy after a miscarriage.  I'm 6w2d along.  I'll be right here with you guys rooting you all on xoxo 




 With my last pregnancy,  my doctor held off til 10 weeks.  I went to one of those stand-alone ultrasound places at 8w5d, and for $25 I got to see my baby's heartbeat and make sure everything was ok.  I couldn't wait til my Dr's appt.  It was totally worth it. 




 [Yea not what I was expecting.](http://www.dariawiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Alvaro_J._Gonzalez) 




 Does it feel like you can still wiggle your toes? 




 I completely agree.  Loved it.  The music was even modern and on point. 




 I'm a hairstylist, when I cut myself these are the only brand that stay on my hands in and out of water all day. 




 Well those places want your money, they really don't care if you've seen your doctor.  

Don't use the word awkward, :/.  Everything will be ok! 




 I just remember not wanting to wait as long as my Obgyn wanted me to for my first ultrasound, so I went there for reassurance and it worked great. 




 Idk how available they are in your town, but go to a stand-alone ultrasound place.  They usually have instant availability,  and the one by my house only charged me like 25 bucks.

Edit:  I'm in your same boat.  I miscarried last year, just took my first positive test today.  I'll be thinking about you! 




 Nothing about that sub gave me any idea of what it's about. 




 Uplifting news that still kinda brings me down... :( 









 Goddammit you people are clever.  Who comes up with this shit?   




 Aww, I love her. 




 Make every last moment amazing.  I'm so sorry stranger :( 




 That's it.  Most people I know really struggle. 




 I think the problem is people expect it to just happen and don't realize they can create their own happiness.   I have friends that it seems like happiness falls in their lap.  I don't feel bad for myself and only see the positive that's happening to them, I seek it for myself and realize there are always bad things and good. 




 This is what I was going to say.  People don't realize how many calories things contain.  I wasn't even aware of it until I had MFP.   




 Dude.  Yes. 




 Aww, I adore all of them!  




 Gotcha! 




 Wtf is going on with her 




 Something about it being HD feels wrong... 




 That time was noticeably more uncomfortable too.  Just walking to the car was so unbearable.   On your part of town in the middle of those 2 weeks did you get the downpour?? It was kinda cool that it came out of nowhere and cooled down 30 degrees for like an hour. 




 No!  The people look even crazier in the summertime... like sheep on the strip.   




 I know, it's noticeably more comfortable than when it's 10 degrees hotter.  I have never minded this dry heat. You can go swimming at midnight and never be cold, I think that is a neat thing. 




 When I do it, I spend like 10 minutes washing it like a shower would, never just use tp or a wash cloth.  When I'm low on time, a washcloth is fine though.  




 I completely agree and that makes me sad. 




 That *was* very good.  So much feeling at the end, loved it. 




 I have a friend that has been dying for me to watch this.  I'm not clear on the synopsis,  and I feel like even when she had explained it, there was something that was telling me to bypass it.  Is it a good one though?  




 This is, to me, one of the movies that I can have playing in the background of my life and be very content.  There is something unnerving and yet oddly comforting about her character.  I also like when movies feel realistic, and even though she is over-the-top psychotic, the situations and dialogue are accurate.  




 This pic makes me so happy!  




 But I want people to think I'm funny *because* I like making them laugh. 




 Thank you! 




 [Bonus clip of my other baby](http://youtu.be/CnHGpRd_A9M) 









 It kind of sounds like one of those melodies that you can make yourself with that app that uses dots in a sequence, I can't think of what the program is called. It does just have a very generic sound.

Edit:  I looked it up, it's called a sequencer.  Not what you're looking for, I know, just trying. 




 NOT COOL.  NOW HUGGING MY DOG WITH LIGHTS ON. 




 "If you want me, girl let me know"  

Tearing up my heart? By N'Sync 




 [Here comes the hotstepper](http://www.imgur.com/ILXhz4G.jpeg) 




 When did you hear it, have you known about it for a long time?

Could you maybe compare the style of voice to a different singer?

Is it slow, or faster? 




 *"You know what this place needs...?* A scary tunnel.  Not a candy-making tunnel.  A *scary* tunnel"


 




 Jagermeister, people always try to push that shit on me and I dry-heave just thinking about it.  




 Maybe a Missy Elliott song?  




 Thank you so much!  *Of course* an amazing critic hated this movie, I remember liking it. How do I flag this as solved on mobile? 




 A dark movie where a cult leader pours something on his followers and sets them on fire.  A girl lives and falls into a coma and she sees the cult leader in her nightmares.  The male lead is pretty known, but I don't think the other characters are. 









 "You can't triple stamp a double stamp, *Nic!*" 




 Here we have a glass-half-full kinda guy. 




 Yes, but to be honest, the feeling of relief that I get seeing they even *have* toilet paper is so strong I don't care about anything else. 




 [The onus is not on us to provide evidence for something that doesn't exist](http://www.imgur.com/Nqz9K9l.jpeg) 




 O thank you, I had a feeling I should've started with a pic... And that sub just felt a little more intimidating, I could be wrong lol. 




 I don't really know how to ask for advice, but I need it. 




 When the lady just gave birth at the hospital, she's having a cigarette in her room, looking at the baby in all seriousness says, "that baby right dere, she gon' be Miss America one day. "  

I fucking LOST it. 




 He has a heart condition.  




 My friend's mom had the plastic applicator pinch her vagina, so now she uses cardboard only. 




 I love people watching.  I live in Vegas, I'm 29 years old,  the funnest thing to do is sit on the strip late night and watch the drunken idiots.  It never gets old, and I can do it for hours. 




 The Scorpion. 




 [Definitely an American Pickers place]( http://www.imgur.com/iRQX6I7.jpeg)

[Didn't wander into the mines, but they also had some neat caves around](http://www.imgur.com/nBaTju8.jpeg) 




 [Kitchen](http://www.imgur.com/aKRhdIJ.jpeg)

[Barn](http://www.imgur.com/5lO5Ug1.jpeg) 




 [Wiki article on Nelson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson%2C_Nevada) 









 ...oxygen.  




 Is this the one where it shows a young Mike Ness putting makeup on? 




 Forgive me for always assuming OP is a dude.  




 [Well](http://www.imgur.com/O1O87Sh.jpeg) 




 I just don't understand how some of these subreddits are legal.   




 Well I completely agree.  After soaking them in ice water, then putting them in the fridge for a while, I would think that logic would be enough.  But it just doesn't peel right for me, maybe my eggs are too fresh. 




 That's hilarious 




 That is the exact method I use to cook my eggs, they still don't peel nicely. 









 Just be prepared to watch an overly flamboyant Tim Roth.  I liked it though.  Something different. 




 Me first and the gimme gimmes? 




 Man, good luck.  The Aladdin has been closed for like 10 years.  




 Holy shit, I used to love that song.  




 DEBT CONSOLIDATION... GAMBLING! 




 Joe Rogan and Carlos Mencia? Sounds similar.  




 Last Action Hero?  




 Are you happy in Vegas?  I too live here, south east side.  




 I had the opposite luck with both restaurants.  So wait times and service, are hit or miss.  But the food at both places was very delicious.  I did prefer the pub at Caesars! 









 Because pleather is like.. butter. 




 This may be TMI.  I have gotten ringworm a couple different times, so  I started to wash my clothes at pretty high temperatures just to kill any germs.  I just feel like the closet and all the clothes in it get so much cleaner.  I know it makes the clothes wear out faster, I do not care. 




 [Rustle-to-the-jimmy](http://www.imgur.com/bvjxtng.gif) 




 It gets crazy there.  The definition of "spring break," to me.  That fucking [Mango Deck](http://www.mangodeckcabo.com/?no_redirect=true) place. 




 I want to explore Europe.  Maybe in 10+ years I will start to have the funds to *think* about doing so. 




 You're doing God's work!...  Wait... 




 Our bacon is so different.  So I'm picturing a big piece of liver with ham on it.  Hmm.  

I love England,  I've only been there once, but I couldn't find any bacon I liked. 




 What is your favorite English food?

 




 Some people, man.
 




 From their website, 

"If you claim to be Christian, I DARE YOU to give your Pet(s) away, if you cannot, then your Pet(s) are your Gods, Not the Lord Jesus. I DARE YOU to give-up all your Play, Entertainment and Sports, if you cannot, then those are your Gods, Not the Lord Jesus." 




 It's pretty safe to say that you're not usually ever handed a lump sum like this in your life.  It would be so smart to hang onto it. 




 I saved the documents that another redditor posted a short while ago.  But it's like pdf format and I can't post it. It's pretty crazy that it's not just a single case of him *maybe* hooking up with like, a seventeen year old.  He likes babies.  He finds women that let him do sexual things to their babies.  It's an insane story, look into it. 




 Be cordial and respectful.  Then cry yourself to sleep. 




 I've realized that when it comes to some popular movies, my mind doesn't go deep enough to appreciate what they are.  I feel like I'm the only person that doesn't love Pulp Fiction.  I  respect it, I love the actors, but the cult status boggles my mind. 




 We get it, it's not funny. 




 Sometimes my car shoots out too cold or too hot, so I do it sometimes.  
























 This is very depressing.   




 Good luck!  We found our daughter's sex at 14w3d.  Hope everyone's happy and healthy xoxo 




 While I have a disgust for the place I've mentioned, that is definitely not how I feel about every place of worship. 

While I am a firm atheist, I at least have respect for the establishments that keep it more humble and honest.   




 Right?  That's about the only thing that religion has to go on.  




 That's very true.  I just feel like it is becoming more obvious, making it harder to take more people of faith seriously.  




 That's the way I feel.  My mind wasn't already made before I got there, I was actually being optimistic about seeing how some churches run nowadays.  




 This was something I looked into recently.  His wealth is something that he is very good at making it seem legit.  But I'd love to see those books. 

He has a net worth of 50 million, but insists that is from book sales and other means.  He hasn't taken an income from the actual church since 2005.  That church is said to bring in on average 32 million. 

He also doesn't own his mansion, something that I didn't look into further yet.  But it belongs to Covenant Trust, no idea, but that could possibly be a way of avoiding taxes.   




 They probably think they are around good christian folk that would never do anything unchristlike.   




 

Edit:  I love it though, I promise. 




 Oh god!  I love him. 




 I actually think *you* hit the nail on the head, thank you. 




 And the strong people, usually take the role as leader. 




 And maybe they like to keep tabs on who actually gives them money. 




 These people's interests are just superficial,  they only *want* other people to think they love that shit.  Nobody does.  Give me a place that's real, goddammit.  




 I mean, maybe like a bar/lounge band.  Then you'd also get to *drink* and see shitty music.   




 Yea my cousin puts in 50, and admits it should be more.  I wanted to scream.  I haven't done the math,  I just know that he's an electrician with his own business, so I'm sure 10% for him would be more than 50.   




 At our church in my hometown, it was more like 50-75 people a week.  It being a depressed area, a lot of people just gave some change.  Which I found, even as a child, to be extremely fair and noble of them. 




 I'm sure it started with seeding, but these motherfuckers were so delighted to hand over their money, they couldn't pass it fast enough.  Some *were* in envelopes so I couldn't see the amount. 




 See, this was something that I always thought was specific to certain denominations.  But I have learned this is the standard now across the board.  

When did this happen?  My family would have never agreed to that 20 years ago.  My mom always thought she was extremely generous with $5/week in the plate. 




 That I'd have a lot more respect for if it was a fair, tax - paying establishment.  If that's all that people want, it shouldn't be in the name of Jesus, based on what he's about he wouldn't have anything to do with these "mega churches." 




 This church is called Cottonwood.  It's in Orange County. 




 Thank you.

After seeing that place, I Googled Joel Osteen's church.  Jesussss.  Stadium churches. 




 Well I understand that completely, thank you.  But how can you expect checks?  How can the church consciously tell people to write checks.  I didn't see checks in there for $1, most were $50.  People are breaking the bank to pay for the lighting and sound system in this ridiculous amphitheater.  

"Good Christians deserve a nice place of worship."  That's all my cousins could really say about the whole thing. 




 [Was greeted at the door with one of these, wafer on top, grape juice on bottom](http://www.imgur.com/5YHjMWd.jpeg)

[This place isn't exactly a humble place of worship](http://www.imgur.com/Xo6Dmtp.jpeg). Looks like it takes quite a bit of money to produce this setup... and those single-serve communion cups.

Get in and sit down, the first 35 min is a small, young, rock band singing faith songs.  Everyone with hands in the air, really pretending to feel this lame music.

Then we finally have someone preaching.  But he never opens a bible or tells us to open ours.  He just starts telling us anecdotal stories and his own interpretations of stories from the bible.  

When the collection plate passed me,  I noticed it was all checks, no one gives paper money anymore, let alone change.  

Towards the end, the preacher kept reminding us repeatedly to join some workshops next month, not free of course.  No thanks.


I just remember church when I was a child as being humble.  All we ever did was read from the bible and sing together.  No one had to hand over their paychecks.

Now it has just turned into this business,  that is so disgusting I couldn't stand being there.  I've been an atheist for the majority of my life now, but seeing that first hand just blew my asshole off. 




 Well then this isn't about your Preacher.  There are some good people out there who genuinely do it because they are good people, and they were good before they knew about religion.  

The first people I thought of were the ones on TV that sell holy water or magic towels.  They are bad people, and profit off of the weak who want to be saved.   




 It's absolutely normal :')

Just so you know this level of worry will continue the rest of your life about your children!

Just know, you are doing everything you can to give your baby the best chance possible.  Things can happen that are out of your control, but dont think about it.  Today you are pregnant, and you love your baby!

 




 [That seems a little slow for 9w6d](http://radiopaedia.org/articles/fetal-heart-rate) 




 Man, there is nothing I was able to do.  It gets so hard sometines.  But it sounds like you're doing what you can, maybe someone else here has miracle advice. :D 




 While he might have been trolling or joking, it's not *incorrect* advice.

Perming asian hair really would soften it and make it a lot more desirable to work with.  It's not a realistic option, and I'm not telling OP to do it, but it would have the benefits he is after. 




 Chocolate coca-cola!  But sweet potato fries sound amazing... 




 Love hearing positive things.   




 Whoa nice! Xoxo 




 You said it.  A lifetime of worry.  Even after you get into second tri, you're going to be anxious til birth.  Then you'll be anxious til it's out of the possible SIDS age.

Miscarriage is a terrible, heartbreaking tragedy, but know that if it were to happen, it was because something was wrong and it needed to.  

I've had one previous miscarriage at 8.5 weeks.  Not sure of the cause.  This year, my Dr put me on progesterone until I was 10 weeks.  Now I'm 14 weetks.  Trying to be positive and patient.  

The one thing I could suggest is that you get a doppler.  I know you run the risk of more worry if you couldn't find it.  But I got one and was able to find the heartbeat at 10 weeks, and every day since.  Just an idea. 




 I'm the same.  I got a doppler, I know people say that if you don't find a heartbeat it could cause you extra worry.  But ever since I found the heartbeat the first time, I never had a problem since.  I'm exactly 14w today.  Just sharing xoxo 




 Goddammit.  What is it with some women.  I don't attribute that to different taste, I'd just say her brain space is vacant. 




 I love that she stayed excited the whole time, I thought we'd eventually see an epic meltdown. 




 Yes very!  And impressive! 




 I think it's an amazing idea. 




 I think that movie was underrated.  I always tell people to watch it, and that it rivals "Waiting."  Loved it. 




 That's a heartwarming thing to know, Thank you. 




 You guys have to understand how many people would love to see this happen.  I've never talked to a single person that didn't love Super Troopers.   




 That's what I try to tell people.

But they always reply, "It doesn't have meaning?  They don't mean *anything*?"  

No.  Stop acting like you have a pinup girl and an anchor because some distant relative was in the Navy, just admit it's what you like or want.  Forced meaning is the most disingenuous thing. 




 That is something my car automatically does, that makes sense now.  Thank you. 




 I'm very uneducated about CPR, which I'm now inspired to change in the very near future.  

But I never knew there needed to be no pulse to proceed with CPR.  If someone is drowning in a swimming pool, you pull them out, would they have a pulse?  Or would they just be choking and need a different CPR? 




 [Some people always hated it](http://youtu.be/TOBfpHv1VcI)

*"Hi, I'm a video DJ.  I always talk like I'm wigged out on quaaludes.  I wear a satin baseball jacket everywhere I go.*

*My job is to help destroy what's left of your imagination, by feeding you endless doses of suger-coated, mindless garbage."* 




 So beautiful.  I love producing happy tears. 




 She looks so comfy 




 Or Jageroos.  Jager and root beer compliment eachother. 




 The first thing to make me laugh out loud today. 




 I was 10, my grandma brought home [Mallrats](http://youtu.be/LU8762ow8is).  She said it looked like a cute movie about teenagers hanging out at the mall.

A little young for my first Kevin Smith movie, but I loved the shit out of it. 




 Mine started at 6 1/2 weeks.  And it subsided at about 11 weeks.  Around 8-9 weeks it was so bad all I wanted to do was curl into a ball in bed.  Let's hope you don't get it too bad, but I know what it's like to want to feel pregnant.  Xoxo. 




 Aww love you xoxo 




 Omg I know.  And he drinks a lot, and everything he drinks looks amazing. 




 Would I pronounce them in english like they look? 




 Go to [Lucies list](http://www.lucieslist.com/) it will tell you everything!  And it will also tell you everything you don't need. 




 What is this, *Mayberry*? 




 We all got Miyagi-d. 




 Second vote for Sharknado. Xoxo 




 Look at that profile xoxo 




 That is very pretty, and warm feeling. Xx 




 He was pretty cool.  I wonder where he is now...

Edit:  Apparently not acting much, but [whoa](http://www.imgur.com/iYxbxJ8.jpeg) 




 stahp. 




 Same exact thing here.   




 I love that they made that song the theme for the Documentary about Fox News, "Outfoxed."   




 Ugh.  It *is* everywhere. Like wth. Comes out in the shower by the fistful, tons in the brush after shower, then all over my clothes the rest of day... tickling and bugging the shit out of me. 




 That's good, I was really hoping the preview didn't amp up the drama for no reason.   




 Could you elaborate without spoiling the movie?  I can't wiki it 




 I am 12 weeks now, I only really felt symptoms between 8 and 10 weeks.  That's when I had morning sickness and that's when my fatigue felt the strongest.   




 [I found this interesting about babies](http://youtu.be/PgkZf6jVdVg) 




 I definitely thought I'd have to scroll a hell of a lot farther to find what I was going to type.  I miss these damn things. 




 [There's a lot on this website](https://www.tshirthell.com/hell.shtml) 




 I've been seeing this stuff all over social media in the last week and I never once saw it connected to ALS.  

Awareness and donations are beautiful, but the cause should at least be mentioned, wth. 




 This reminds me of my favorite (long) quote from Patton Oswalt.

"I remember, when 9/11 went down, my reaction was, "Well, I've had it with humanity."

But I was wrong. I don't know what's going to be revealed to be behind all of this mayhem. One human insect or a poisonous mass of broken sociopaths.

But here's what I DO know. If it's one person or a HUNDRED people, that number is not even a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the population on this planet. You watch the videos of the carnage and there are people running TOWARDS the destruction to help out. (Thanks FAKE Gallery founder and owner Paul Kozlowski for pointing this out to me). This is a giant planet and we're lucky to live on it but there are prices and penalties incurred for the daily miracle of existence. One of them is, every once in awhile, the wiring of a tiny sliver of the species gets snarled and they're pointed towards darkness.

But the vast majority stands against that darkness and, like white blood cells attacking a virus, they dilute and weaken and eventually wash away the evil doers and, more importantly, the damage they wreak. This is beyond religion or creed or nation. We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil. We'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago.

So when you spot violence, or bigotry, or intolerance or fear or just garden-variety misogyny, hatred or ignorance, just look it in the eye and think, "The good outnumber you, and we always will." 




 Maybe my brain doesn't work right, but I feel like you didn't add more than he did.  He shared his unexplained opinion, and you just said "opinions." 




 Yea, so the guy getting downvoted can't have the opinion of disagreement?  This is a weird place. 




 Yea, not a smart move.  That would annoy any demographic.  Except maybe Clark Griswald. 




 :'( I'm sorry.  




 Or just sort by controversial.  




 *classic misdirection* 




 Neither is Fag. 




 Bowel distention.  Your food processes slower so your body can take in more nutrients, so we are left with a very bloated tummy early on. 




 holy shit dude.  




 I know!  [She surprised the hell out of me](http://youtu.be/JK_DOJa99oo) 




 This is my experience with miscarriages, ::warning, not a happy discussion:: it always takes a while for my body to start to get rid of the baby.  First I felt a complete loss of symptoms,  then it took anywhere from 3-5 weeks for me to have bleeding and painful cramps.  

So I'd personally say it looks good for you if you still have frequent urination among *any* other symptoms.  That means the hcg is still present.  Have you seen or heard a heartbeat yet?  What other symptoms do you feel? 




 [Old Spice has been creeping me out lately.](http://youtu.be/vhbd4ZajKD0) 




 All the songs with "Na Na" in it right now.  Jesus.  I here Trey Songz, "Oh Na-Na," and I can't stand it.  I turn the station and I hear this other one that goes, "na-na, nananananananana na na,"  and I couldn't believe it.   




 Put me in my bed. 




 Yea *wth.* 




 Perfect! 




 :'(  I liked that movie a lot. 




 Does that do anything?  I miss this show. 




 [The most badass cover of Shaka Kan.](http://youtu.be/MkWb1he1TS4)

Probably the best guitar player I've seen in a while too! 




 Yea, totally used to think it was actual cheese. 




 When I was learning how to drive my mom told me that if I go the exact speed limit, I will make every green light.  I knew she was bullshitting me, I would have much rathered her be honest and just ask me to drive carefully. 




 What was your family's reasoning for using such harsh language? Couldn't they have gotten their point across more eloquently by not using such words as "fags?"  

I've always viewed them as crazy(sorry), but they might have earned more credibility if their language wasn't so vulgar and inappropriate.  It especially confused me when I learned more about your family and how intelligent they all were, and that a lot of them are even lawyers.  




 You just made me feel a lot better.  :') 




 I'm 8w3d.  I've had a previous Mc, so this time my Dr put me on progesterone pills from week 7 to week 12.  These pills have made my pregnancy symptoms so strong that I'm afraid I won't be able to tell if I Mc and have a loss of symptoms.  I've had very strong nausea for a couple weeks now, but idk if it's from the pills or my pregnancy.  When I miscarried last time I didn't have cramps or bleeding for weeks after the baby died, but the loss of symptoms happened very quickly.  My first appointment is August 11, all they've done for me so far was draw blood and write me a prescription.  I'm just scared and needed to vent.  Thanks for listening. :( 




 [Yea he's a winner](http://truthaboutdahvie.tumblr.com/post/40316532001/dahvie-vanity-allegation-roundup) 




 Oh boy.  How could John Cusack turn *that* down... 




 I thought that was too long too, my Dr.  is the same way!  I did exactly what you're doing!  Have fun at your first ultrasound, it's magical.

Edit:  My Dr. also says my insurance only covers one ultrasound per pregnancy, at 20 weeks!  How ridiculous is that.   




 Some people can't handle Vegas. 




 Strong genes! 




 Man, when I first found out, my headache lasted a week.  I'm so excited for you! 
























 This is an example of why I'd like a female OB lol 




 This is very good to know.  I always thought discharge meant a more thicker substance, and I started to freak out lately because it has felt as though I've mildly peed my pants.  Thank you! 




 That's actually pretty helpful lol,  thank you. 




 If the amount of discharge I'm experiencing is normal.  It is odorless and doesn't have any other symptoms with it, but sometimes my underwear just feels so wet.  They say it will increase the further you get.

Just wondering if anyone else is experiencing something similar. 




 Nice! 




 It seems that a lot of those communities create circles of friends(which you think would be great) instead of support and help anyone.  

So I'm glad people found friends to be snarky with, but it is very off putting for newcomers.   




 Oh my god, I'm so sorry!  This is a great thing for you to share with us though, very appreciated.  Have fun with your baby girl, take it easy xoxo 




 My last 3D ultrasound was at 17 weeks, it still looked just like your pic.  I can't wait for my baby to look like a baby :/  I'm 22 weeks now, still hesitant to do a 3D too soon. 




 Yea I'd say timing and title are big factors.  




 He was talking about a gift card he already had, that he wanted money for.  I feel like that is different. 




 Wow I love it 




 I really agree that the firmness matters.  I have a little memory foam neck pillow that I use between my legs that gets flat quickly.  Will be switching up tonight! 




 This was such a huge wtf ending to me.  I didn't love it.  




 I just finally watched this movie from start to finish.  I never realized that the few times I tried to start it before I was pretty much 95% done.

It's surprising how simple of a production that was and how many waves of emotions it made me go through.  

I'm not sure how I would have  changed the ending.  But at the same time, I feel like I was craving for something more to happen. 




 What pissed me off was in the 3rd movie with the little girls,  some parts in the previews that made me want to see it were not in the movie!  I'm thinking of 2 particular scenes.

1. Little girl silently jumping off the second floor next to the stairs at night.

2. Little girl sitting next to mom at art easel,  explaining to mom that the ghost is right next to them and throws a can of water on the ghost to prove it.

But mostly about this movie, I was hoping to finally have closure about the house fire that they mention in movies 1, and 2.  But no, they open up a new can of worms with that weird cult, and nobody knows what's going on.  Unless I'm really missing something,  someone tell me.





 




 Lol perfect gif. 




 It might taste ok, but no one can convince me to put oil in coffee.   




 Whoa!  Loved that song.  Actually that whole Phantom Planet album was badass. 




 Remind myself that the grass isn't always greener. 




 Oh I'm so excited for you!  I'm sure that was a long road xoxo 




 Those came out good!  Isn't it the funnest thing ever? xoxo 




 [How Tuna got his name](http://www.imgur.com/1Q9cYfm.jpeg) 




 "Judge Coogler addressed the couple saying, 'You robbed this child of her childhood and her soul, and a maximum sentence is the only sentence appropriate.'"

Chilling. 




 Omg, I forgot about that shit.  That was bad. 




 I was so sad about this one. 




 I like you. 




 O god! 




 Love them all 




 You did say "I dont want a boy."  I'm not putting words in your mouth here.
Why someone would conceive a child knowing there would be a 50% chance of making something they don't want, blows my mind.  Why not adopt, so you know exactly what you're getting?

 I really enjoy hearing stories of good mom/son relationships. I really don't know... any. Out of the 25+ men I work with (programming, so that might be a factor) and my husband/BIL no one likes their mom. Most go out of their way to avoid their mom.

You only seem to recognize positive relationships with daughters, and negative with sons, that isn't the way it is, and it isn't healthy.

The things you're saying throughout this whole thread are not specific problems to men.  Men and *women* can be shitty human beings.  For every instance you give of a shitty son, I could give you one about daughters.    I especially don't sympathize with gender disappointment, when it's based on stereotypes.   




 He's going to grow into the person you nurture him to be.  When I observe the people in my life and their families, it all has to do with how they are raised.  Stop comparing life with the standards in old sayings and on tv shows.  People used to live a lot differently,  and tv is fiction.

And I'm sorry but I find your post a little insensitive.  There are so many women out there who would die for the chance to have a baby, and you're disappointed by whether or not it will sit to use the toilet. 




 Oh boy, you are in my thoughts! 




 Very graceful. 




 Omg, how scary.  My thoughts are with you! 




 This is one that really makes me sad.  I would do that to my mom all the time, well into my late teens even.  I didn't really live on my own til my mid-twenties,  and this was a harsh reality. 




 I'm so sorry, I hear of this happening far too often.  You will be in my thoughts. 




 This was my problem too, so pissed!  Maybe OP is having this issue.  I've been an adult for a long time and I'm still learning things.  




 Yes!  Like the other person said, mine was also $65 for a 3D one.  They also do quick sneak peeks in 2D,  and you hear heartbeat for $25, definitely look into this! 




 My insurance only covers one at 20 weeks :( 




 Let me say, I had an ultrasound at 14w4d, the tech said girl.  I asked how sure she was, she said 100%.  No way I thought that was possible. Well at 20w,  still girl!  

Edit: Forgot to say good luck with your anatomy scan! 




 Thank you for asking something I would never think of!  I'd have it altogether,  lay baby down, then be all, "wow, that can't be comfortable. " 




 Look at that smug, entitled face. 




 Yes, definitely switch now to prenatals,  but it's very good that you were intaking some of those vitamins! 

I don't know the list of vitamins off hand that is required for an expectant mother, but it's not all about what you're missing.  As a pregnant women, there is also a list of vitamins that we *shouldn't* consume, and others that we shouldn't consume in high quantities.  So that is just as important to monitor,  as what you *should* be taking.  

That's why prenatals, across the board, are safe and amazing.  Everyone has their own opinion on which brand is the best, but I just go by the highest concentration of the most important ingredients. 




 That's actually a very beautiful thing!  They said for optimum brain development,  we should start on prenatal vitamins when we start trying to conceive,  so yes, very good. 




 At least you didn't waste your money and did it at 14 weeks, lol.  That was pretty scary looking.  I can't wait to do one again when I'm much farther.   




 It's a cruel trick that pms and early pregnancy have similar symptoms.  But I don't care what people say, no such thing as a false positive.  

But prenatal vitamins are so important right now, it's so early in the game that the higher amount of folic acid and dha you intake the less likely for baby to have abnormalities!   




 This was the only other thing I remember Omri Katz being in. 




 It went great!  I was nervous for no reason.  I appreciate everyone's comments to my first post,  it made me feel a lot better going into it.  I'm about 18 and a half weeks and she was measuring on target.

Looking at my little girl on the screen for 30 min was probably the best thing in life so far 

[Little Maggie](http://www.imgur.com/NaNbeo0.jpeg) 




 Omg I love that.  Where can I get this outfit!? 




 Thank you! 




 Yay :D 




 Oh will do definitely :D 




 I really appreciate the well wishes xoxo. I'll update everyone tuesday! 




 Thank you, I'm trying so hard to be optimistic!  Xoxo 




 Oh how exciting.  It is all viewed in 2d?  Or did you also get to see in 3d?  Just curious. 




 I am pretty excited just to see her again,  thank you for the response xoxo 




 :'D Sounds great, I hope I have a similar experience xoxo Thank you 




 Thank you!  For some reason I'm crying reading these responses.  But I appreciate the nice response, I do feel better xoxo 




 Everything has been going good this pregnancy.  We found out it is a little girl, we named her Margaret.  I'm starting to feel her move a little.  I'm so in love already.

I just don't know what I would do with myself if we find out she isn't well.  Was maybe hoping to hear some nice stories of Anatomy Scans going well.  What to expect maybe, although all Dr's are different.  Thanks ladies xoxo 




 K 




 You don't understand me.  **It doesn't matter how much it is or isn't scripted, because he's not an actor.**

That means he would have to be on the Pacino level of acting for me to be convinced he was just *acting* like an asshole.  And I'm not convinced. 

I could possibly see him in the future and change my opinion of him, but based on this show, he's not my favorite. 

Edit: Actually,  based on this show *and* the fact he went to jail for hitting that girlfriend, is why he's not my favorite. 
 




 Aw yay! 




 I got it dude.  I'm not disagreeing that there are scripted guidelines for the show.  

I'm saying that Coolio isn't some phenomenal actor that has the ability to change his whole persona, like your ridiculous comparison of Al Pacino who does have that capability. 

Whether it is scripted or not, it still showcases his personality. 




 So he's an amazing actor at *playing* an asshole?  I get it now. 




 I wouldn't really call that *making fun of him*.   




 Well he was on an [episode of Celebrity Wife Swap](http://youtu.be/IXa_TtST99Y), and he was an asshole. 




 I live in Vegas and you can't count on this working everywhere.  Some places I would try it and ask for a beer, they would kindly tell me that I should be betting at least 25 cents a hand for free drinks. 




 I push pretty hard with mine, and I pivot and move so slow.  Sometimes if I have to poop or pee I can't find her, lol.  Just relax, walk around, lay down and try again.  I only had trouble a couple times, but found it within the hour. 




 This is exactly what I was told too OP. 




 I found out maybe 4w5d.  A week before I tested, I did have menstrual cramps when I was due for them, so I just had thought my period was coming, but then the cramps went away and I never got my period, lol so I tested. 




 What a strong blueberry you had. 




 I'm 17w4d and I'm just now feeling flutters.  It's pretty exciting!  




 I definitely wouldn't turn down the test either,  but I have two friends with perfectly healthy babies that tested positive for down syndrome.  I don't have personal experience,  just sharing the consensus of the people I know who have done it. 




 This gift is underrated. 




 I know, I sneezed hard yesterday and I feel like I fucked something up. 




 Confront your MIL and make her deal with her daughter.  Ugh. Sorry you have to deal with this.  




 Cab yes.  Personal vehicle,  still no.  You can go crazy, but not in your car, just so everyone knows. 




 Lol of course 




 I'd really need to see it.  But either way, an extra day would give you an even stronger result, so no harm in trying again tomorrow.  Morning pee is the strongest/best. 




 Definitely looks like a first trimester thing, by looking at the characteristics of the baby at the end. 




 Thank you for the response!  Will try exactly what you said.  Yes he is fixed, lol. 




 [Better quality](http://www.imgur.com/zMkr6yD.png) 




 [That's a little different than what I expected him to say.](http://www.imgur.com/2Y4r1KL.jpeg) 




 2 quick questions. 

My house-broken shorkie still occasionally likes to urinate on the corners or furniture,  why does he pee in the correct place 90% of the time, and not the rest, any way to fix that?

He also gets crazy separation anxiety and cries if I even close a door in the house for 10 seconds, he always wants to be with us and follows us, any advice there?

 




 [Now she plays in Tyler Perry movies](http://www.imgur.com/BEYHrY6.jpeg) 




 This was me last week, it eventually goes away I promise.  But what helped me the most was my nettie pot.  Omg those things are cool. 




 Uh. Yeaaa 




 He looks perfect xoxo 




 Very nice and classy! 




 We are almost due date buddies!   I've been feeling the same thing for about a week now too.  Very seldom mind you.  But I think we are feeling them! 




 And it looks like OP could be bending down next to him taking the picture. 




 [Reference](http://m.imgur.com/r/4chan/3YdJs) 









 I'm sorry you're going through this, I know that it's real easy to get upset in our state.

I personally don't have advice, but this seems like an issue that needs more communication so badly.  It's just going to eat you up inside if you keep quiet :(.  You don't need anything going on that makes you upset like this.  

 




 I really feel if it was seriously important,  they wouldn't have just left you a message saying to call them in the AM.  I would really hope no office works like that anyway. 




 Sounds like a dream! I'm jealous. Xx 




 Oh how exciting!  I'm so nervous about our big scan. 




 We are renting ours from Baby Beats, for about $20/month.  It works well for me.  I couldn't find the heartbeat til about 10w5d.  But once I found it the first time, I've never been unable to find it.

Some people say it could cause extra worry if you can't find it sometimes, but I was willing to take that risk.  Once you know what sounds to look for, it's easier.  I watched a bunch of youtube videos that helped me. 




 I thought the Mexican drug lord was going to be the worst of it, everything after just kept topping it.   




 Well, when the first time they are able to turn over is unknown, it's good to avoid the risks altogether.  




 Thanks xoxo 




 I know, I was never one of the people to tell others they should be happy they don't feel sick.  Because I know it is worrying to not feel pregnant.  But fatigue is a doozy. 




 Yea, my morning sickness didn't start til almost 7 weeks.  And it was only full force til about 10.5 weeks.  But the fatigue was crazy!  If you can barely keep your eyes open, that's good, it's a strong symptom!  But don't worry yourself too much, like others say, you might not get the sickness. 




 I just think everyone has different priorities.  You know all those assholes have smart phones. 
























 This is my fear.  I'm sorry, but hang in there xoxo 




 When I was between 16w and 26w, I would go a day here and there without anything and it would totally freak me out.  A doppler is what really gave me piece of mind, but I know it's not for everyone.  Just relax, I promise it's normal! 




 Same with me, did progesterone this time and now I'm 32 weeks!  Yay excited for you! 




 Well, you're not the only one.  When someone mentioned "The Anthem," I still think of their song ["East Coast Anthem."](http://youtu.be/Dx9WnY7DGsM) 




 How exciting! 




 Yes exactly, it's about disguising the clips.  




 Well, yes I agree about the smoking part completely.  I was asking her age because for someone in their late 20's to act invincible or not act like they are pregnant at all is a little surprising.  I know "maternal" instincts are arbitrary.   




 Thanks guys.  Just so nervous about when labor starts.  Xoxo 




 See, that is what is weird.  I never thought discharge could be compared to thin liquid, but it totally is.  Sometimes you will get a tiny gush, especially the further you get along.  Well, call him, I'll be thinking of you!  I'm sure it's nothing. 




 I'm about 32 weeks, just chilling here on my couch and I feel very subtle period - type cramps.  I'm talking, very subtle.  No stomach - tightening, or what has been described as Braxton Hicks.  But it's just freaking me out a little.  Anyone?

Edit: of course I have a typo in my title, lol. 




 I wish I could be of more help, my Dr told me that whenever I thought it could be fluid to lay on my side, and when I were to switch sides or sit up, I should feel a gush.  

Does your Dr have an on-call number? 




 Take care of yourself.  And take as much time as you need to do it.  Xoxo 




 Great profile, isn't it exciting?! 




 How old are you guys, if I may ask?  Maybe once she gets a little further the maternal instincts will kick in. 




 This is so tough, because no one can make her quit but herself.  :/

As hard as it might be, try to be the positive force around her, instead of being repulsed and obviously annoyed.  Just remind her how important  this life is.  I'm rooting for you! 




 I like how the show would give real-life examples of micro-expressions and cut away to political figures.  [Crappy, but best trailer I could find for the show.](http://youtu.be/pbOgHa34Ec8) 




 He lives in Seven Hills.  I was doing a random search of the area on the Henderson website for sex offenders and his house comes up. 




 Is that the target on horizon and green valley? 




 Very exciting, good luck! 




 I was really into this guy,  but I was married at the time.  I told him I had to stop talking to him to see where my marriage was headed.  After I got divorced he was willing to give me a chance, and now we are married with a baby on the way.  

I feel very lucky that he still wanted me.  




 Gorgeous picture! 




 I feel like I've had that kind of luck on other sites too.  This one just makes me the happiest. 




 That's a good point. 




 Absolutely agree. 




 Dude, you were the one who put 

 it means any drug really.

Everyone was just trying to tell you it doesn't.  You're just arguing with everyone when you were originally wrong.  I can't speak for anyone else,  I just get annoyed when someone doesn't know how to appreciate constructive criticism.   




 These people are trying to explain something to you, and you're not willing to see that you're wrong.  You might have always used that term as interchangeable with all drugs, but it's just not.   




 What is baby center like? 




 I told everyone that early, lol.  I would only maybe stipulate to them not to tell the world.  It is nice having a close support system if anything didn't go as planned, but it is beyond soul-crushing to relive pain every time you'd have to explain any not-so-good news.  Do what you feel is best :)

But I understand completely that it is hard to contain this news!

Edit: Forgot.  I told everyone before the pee was even dry on the test, so I didn't have a grand or interesting announcement.  But I do wish that I did!  It seems like fun to make it really special. 




 Oh how exciting!  Love the little hands. 




 I love this so much. 




 It just depends on if you're willing to take a small risk.  Pasturizing kills germs so you don't have anything to worry about.  

I didn't really take any risks in the first tri, but after all the crucial development, I might let stuff like that slide once in a while.   




 How do you feel about IPA's?  

Just wondering. I like porter, stout, and wheat beers, just hate every IPA I've given a chance to. 




 That's a cute profile.  The ultrasounds only get more fun, prepare :)  We did one at 14 weeks and she looked just like a tiny baby, we saw her face in 3d, it was so cool. 




 My god, I know!  I was just thinking the same shit.  From butternut squash to carrot, wtf mate. 




 My first positive was more faint than that!  I don't really think there are false positives, only false negatives.  You are pregnant, congratulations!  




 I have seen the article.  What I got from it was that extensive use of ultrasound machine can slightly heat up body tissue and/or form air pockets.  

I have had 4 ultrasounds this pregnancy, two were from my Dr, 2 were elective at the boutique - type places.  I'm not a medical professional, but my logic is that if high-risk women get them quite frequently to monitor baby's health, the Dr wouldn't do anything to add harm to baby.  

I'm sure some people are excessive,  I wouldn't electively do one twice a week.  But my Dr says they are perfectly safe. 




 So you're getting real close then!  Thank you. 




 Seeing another person being genuinely kind. 




 I feel like I should know this already.  But what does effaced mean? 




 I have the same one the other poster has!  I loved it, but the same issue as her, it was bulky and no clothes could hide it, unless I had a huge sweatshirt or something loose or big on.  

Another thing was, it would stay in place perfectly as long as I was standing or walking, but every time I would get up from sitting down  I'd have to take part of it off and readjust. 

But oh man, if you've been having back pain, it helps so much.  Right when I put it on, it relieves pain, I have no idea how it works so great.  I tried putting it on before I read instructions,  and I was so wrong, lol, so be sure to put it on right and it will work for you! 




 It looks like a very nice bed too. 




 [Omri Katz.  He was always cool.](http://www.imgur.com/gDtTH4A.png) 




 Yea after I researched more, it is all connected, it's crazy.  Thanks for the input. 




 Sprout is cute!  The What to Expect app has gotten really awesome too! 




 That's exactly what it sounds like.  Well, my car makes the noise when any door opens, I assumed it was connected to the keyless entry system.  It continues a similar amount of time whether the doors are closed soon after or not.  And sometimes it will randomly do it while I'm driving.  So It was really stumping me.

Man, that guy on youtube even explains how to fix it, I wonder if I should attempt that.  But thank you very much! 




 Just wondering if anyone else has had this problem.  Bought my car new in 2011.  Just recently there has been this annoying clicking noise coming from what sounds like behind the dash.  It starts right when I open my car door, before I even turn the engine on, and lasts from around 10 seconds to 1 min.  [Here is video of sound](http://youtu.be/dLuLGokek-Y) 




 We are very close due date buddies.  Yes the past few days, it has been happening in the morning.  I was laying in bed the first day and all this acid coming up in my throat was making my mouth water.  Then 10 seconds later I had to run and puke it up,  that's the way it's been for a few days.  Not fun :( 




 They look for measurements to determine any abnormalities.  I wish I would have known at the time exactly what they measure.  My tech wasn't too vocal, just kept saying everything looks good.  

I read online that they measure the femur, if it is shorter than its supposed to be, that could be a marker for downs.
They see if a nasal bone is present.
Check the lips, for cleft.
All limbs in general.
My tech looked at the heart a long time, not sure how much they can tell about it on a 2d ultrasound, but they really study the heart.

Those are just things that I wish she would have told me she was looking at so I could know what she was doing.  It was still very fun watching.  Good luck! 




 I'm almost 29 weeks and mine is still just stretching, not an outtie yet.  But it still feels different and trippy. 




 If you don't experience a miscarriage,  I don't think you fully understand how earth-shattering it is.  The same goes for experiencing how powerful "triggers" are.  

Let the ones you love help you through it and empathize, but don't be upset when other people aren't as gracious.  They aren't being malicious, although it might hurt.  You have to be strong,  it takes a lot of time to feel normal again.  

 




 The odds are with you, it's very common to have a mc, but 2 is a lot more rare.  I'll be thinking of you, good luck! 




 I've experienced one, it's pretty awesome.  The only lack - luster part was the dryer, such a low blowing airflow that it was pointless.  I was still impressed though. 




 I think it is cold.  They sell really expensive versions that heat up water, and even have a dryer, [it's crazy](http://gizmodo.com/5887473/the-swash-1000-bidet-toilet-seat-review-this-will-change-the-way-you-poop). 




 Oh yay!  Glad he's here xoxo 




 [What](http://www.imgur.com/qNa39gw.gif) 




 It takes my breath away sometimes.  But when she kicks higher, it's fun and very comfortable lol. 




 I second random pulse being a great description.  




 Oh god, good luck! 




 Only if the blinds are *open*.   




 I've done it 4 times so far this pregnancy!  Those places are great. 




 I came in here not too interested in making appetizers...  now I want bacon-wrapped dates.  That sounds great. 




 Great idea!   




 And his wording on the welcome page.  We share a great-grandfather, makes it sound a lot closer than, it's Abe's great grandfather and my great-great-great-great-great grandfather.  




 Yea you're right, but the line after says, "What if I say I'm not just another one... (pause)... of your plays?"  So there might be a way to make that work.  




 I know right, I have had that Grohl pic in my library for a long-ass time, definitely an older pic, but nice gesture to site sources. 




 [What if I say I'm not like the otters](http://www.imgur.com/yjM43hA.jpeg) 




 I was so hesitant to listen to more from this band, because I hated "The Dog Days Are Over."  

But I love her voice.  So much.  




 Be strong, one of the preparations for motherhood.  Thoughts and prayers always with you. 




 I miscarried last year.  I was surprised to see how common it is.  My heart hurts for you, and I know what you're going through.  Just know that the odds are in your favor that it goes smoothly next time.  Having one miscarriage might be common, but more than one actually isn't.   




 I agree it's not about the gifts, and if you've given them support in the past, they should jump to do the same for you.  :( ::hugs:: 




 I'm so sorry, thoughts and prayers are with you xoxo 




 Love everything about that room! 




 Does that cause permanent damage?  How bad is that pain?  I just didn't know it was possible to break a penis. 




 Well she looks perfect! Xoxo 




 How far along are you? That's a great shot!  I can't wait to see a good 3D pic of our baby. 




 Yea, you'd have to do a screen shot or something.  But there are other apps that show the 3D picture week by week.  




 Fucking [Lights Out](http://www.theatlantic.com/video/index/382194/lights-out-a-terrifying-horror-short-film/)

Any scary movie I've seen in my adult life hasn't scared me as much as this stupid short film.  And I'm pretty embarrassed to say that because all it is is a few jump scares. 




 You're doing a beautiful thing, and it is nice to see you're passionate about it!  




 *Well raise the bar why don't you*,  lol.

That's the cutest thing ever!  She's adorable! 




 My birth plan is: do whatever you need to keep us both alive.  




 Some people say you shouldn't get one, because if you can't find the heartbeat it would cause more stress.  But I got one when I was 10 weeks,  and I've been able to find it everyday since.  I'm 24 weeks now. 

 




 Forgot about that part, ha!  

"You want me to *move*?"
-Starts dancing in place. 




 I'm not as far as you yet, but this sounds interesting.  Dying to know what it is. 




 I have this cute, little, white soft gown that ties at the bottom.  My friend got me a cute dress and cardigan newborn outfit that I love, but I think trying to put all the different pieces on a baby would overwhelm me lol.  I don't have to deal with the low temperatures like you do though. Lol.  But I do think this is the one time we can splurge xoxo 




 Oh. Good to know,  thank you. 




 Good one!  So bad now.  




 The looks on all their faces...   




 Well, adding to that, you have to pretend you have a squirt gun under your tongue and try to flex the muscles under there.  It really does help me to eat something sour first. 




 Oh man, this is a good one.  Very beautiful.  My favorite lyric:

"If I had a box just for wishes and dreams that had never come true;

The box would be empty except for the memory of how they were answered by you" 




 It's possible, like others have said.  When I miscarried,  I didn't bleed for 3 weeks. But be positive, the odds are in your favor!   




 Are they nice?  Because I want to hug one, now. 




 Hey now, don't include me in that generalization.  

A good hairstylist *or* barber will give a proper, short consultation before they do anything to know how much time you do or don't spend on your hair. 




 It is cheap though.  I go there for the prices.   




 I just remember realizing that it takes a minute to catch up to you.  I kept downing shots and wondering why I wasn't getting drunk, then 20 minutes or so later I was so fucked.  




 Maybe people in /r/funny just want stuff to actually be funny. 




 That's very heartwarming, actually.  




 The next part where his black girlfriend calls him ashy is even better.  




 But the song is called "Still."  I'm sure there are even more songs out there with the lyrics "die motherfucker" in them. 




 It's the Geto Boys. 




 It's so depressing to live in the desert where we NEVER get to experience fog.  




 I guess Fr Elise is better than silence. 




 I greatly appreciate this despite how fucking done I am with Halloween costumes.  




 That's the MGM in Las Vegas.   
























