 Thank You 




 Today in the NY Times: Was Mike Brown a patsy? Did he have ties to the Free Cuba Movement? 




 I don't care who endorses who. To me it's all about track record and what they can do for the county as a whole. Saying you don't like someone because of who endorses him is like saying you don't like the Cardinals because Jon Hamm is a fan. 




 Last I heard was this as well. 




 $56.72 









 Great bomb right there. 




 Same here. Thought it was my phone. 




 That's My Job by Conway

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba 




 Hell we would have gotten bail together. 




 I didn't hear about Tusk until Clerks 3 was canned for the time being and that was 2-3 months ago. You'd think somebody would of thought to at least release a trailer or plug it someplace other than his podcast. Have a feeling that this is turning into Jersey Girls 2.0. 




 MY EARS!!! OH GOD MY EARS!!! 




 27, born   raised in the Midwest, and 95% of the people I know have kids and are or were married. 




 Just turned 27 Wednesday and this fits me perfectly. 




 These latest ones give me a chance to "practice" before the big one. Can't wait for the big one. 




 Tough - Justin McBride

Big Boot 




 Can your SS see what subs you are subscribed to or is it based all on your comments and post? 




 This makes me want to put batteries in the GPS and get back out there. 









 If soft scrub and a green pad isn't cutting it then it sounds like somebody shouldn't be touching the pans. 




 Thanks to the network the PPVs have turned into Sunday Night Raw unfortunately. 




 Love this song but hard to believe it's 23 years old. I feel old now. 




 Like I mentioned on FB for anyone who saw it, but signed up for Postcards and Trick R' Treat for my first EVER exchanges. So excited I can't wait. 




 I must find this store. 









 I usually cross the Lewis and Clark, take a left at 100, and take the river road through Grafton usually making Pierre Marquette the turn around point. 




 Can remember it like yesterday. Was listening to the scanner at the time they put a call out for a construction accident with person trapped. Next thing I know they disregarded the ambulance meaning he was already gone. Have to say Bob was one of a kind. Never got the chance to meet him but just by looking at what he has done you can see it. 




 Where was this when I was in meat class in Culinary School? Would have saved me a ton of wrong test answers. 




 Nope just saying he better look again because she's not only topless. 




 Topless huh? Yeeeeah ok. Hey OP you see that area below the tan line? Yeah that's where you came out. Sweet dreams! 




 Have had both and would take t-mobile over Sprint any day. Granted I did find some deadspots with T-Mobile. 




 Lived here all my life and have never heard this story so fill me in. 




 Only misdemeanors!?!? SMDH 




 Not the one I was thinking of but this works so much better. 




 Need that Picard pic STAT. 




 We had two of "that guy" in my neighborhood. One moved away 2-3 months ago and he was the street drunk. Everyday his wife would leave for work and he'd go up get himself a bottle and get shitface wasted. Had to call the cops on him a couple times because he'd want to fight after getting drunk.

Other one still lives next door and is a good guy in all but he's out there. When he's outside his voice carries where I'm sure you can hear him blocks away. 









 TL;DR if this was already posted:

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/09/20/quiet-neighborhood-shaken-by-small-plane-crash/15977361/ 




 Funny part of this is you'd get the ticket and he'd drive away Scott free. 




 It's no different than what it is now. I mean someone can still raise a shitton of money, withdraw it, and go live it up. 




 Same 




 Would love to see these typed up and published. I'd buy on release day. 




 Basically a box to hide something. Back in the day they used to have bootleg cars that had secret compartments to hold moonshine. That way if the cops were to stop ya they wouldn't find it. This box here though could have been in a house where if it was raided by the police nothing will be found. 




 Looks like a bootleggers box made to look like an old radio. 




 I remember about 20 years ago when a local grocery chain added computer screens with gps to their carts. Now this was mid-90s so that was advanced for us. 




 Old Town Donuts?

Yeah the DD didn't last long at all. Went once and had such bad service I never went back. 




 Dave is that you? 









 Mine happened earlier this year, and it doesn't sound like that big of a thing but it was to me. I connected with a girl I know on a personal level. Basically we sat up and talked all night. 




 Oh god this screams PsBattle material. 




 What's scary about it? If you don't want the work done and know that it's BS just throw it away. 




 Yeah I don't think it's low blood sugar because after I sleep I wake up feeling just fine, and plus I can still function when this happens. 




 I like it. You have anymore you could post? 









 We need an AMA with your Aunt.

Edit: Just saw where one is being planned. 




 Pedobear Approves! 




 Wood chipper and pig farm nuff said. 









 This great news calls for this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye8mB6VsUHw 




 Got one in my wallet right now. Had to ax over the app along with a copy of my culinary school idea. If you're not in school they require a business card. 




 Ahh let's present the evidence shall we: http://fox2now.com/2014/09/08/two-jefferson-county-construction-workers-describe-michael-brown-shooting/

"The two unidentified men, who were working for a Jefferson County construction company, watched Michael Brown die from half a football field away."

"The Fox 2 witness immediately wrote down what he saw.  He also drew a diagram showing him and his co-worker about 50 yards away."

Oh and here the unreliable witness kicker: "Both witnesses said they did not see the reported altercation at the police car, but looked up after hearing a shot or shots."

Also I've noticed that before the incident occurred your last post was 2 years ago but let this happen aka something that could build karma you're back and posting about it like crazy. All I can say to that is the bandwagon has left the station Bye Felicia. 




 You should cross post this in r/nottheonion. 




 Why post a link when you won't believe it. In a way you're just like me. What I mean is you believe what you believe is right and won't be turned any other way. 




 You do know that distance changed right? When it was first reported they said 50 yards away yet the next day it went down to 50 feet. Anyway I'm done talking about this because i got better shit to worry about than a black kid getting shot by a cop. It turns into the same old song and dance and the song keeps skipping. 




 Explain to me how in the hell the construction workers saw what happened when they stated themselves they were a half a football field away and only looked up after hearing the first shot. 




 That's Matt Foley's wife. She left the van down by the RIVER! 




 Looks like a test tube holder. 




 Because it took some of those 6 weeks or months to come forward. Enough time to make up something based on what the others are saying. 




 Sauce? 




 This IS a jury looking at every piece of evidence laid out before them in order to consider an indictment or not. This is not a fly by not thing that is going to be done in one day just because they have 6 wow 6! eyewitnesses that are not all that reliable. 




 That is no where enough evidence to indict somebody because it is not reliable and not the only evidence they have. They have to look at the actual autopsy reports not only the one the family ordered which IMO is unreliable because the Dr. performing it didn't have the x-rays or the clothing. Also they have to look at the self defense claim thoroughly and make sure it was actually self defense which looks to be the case. Like has been said before unless Ofc. Wilson is hung by the balls none of the protesters are going to be happy. 




 Loved your character in Waiting. Was that the role you tried out for to begin with or what they thought fit you best? 




 Well if that's enough evidence which it's not last time I checked toss everybody up and throw away the key cause I'm sure we've all done something where there were 6 and more eyewitnesses. It's why when I was going to school for Criminal Justice they taught me to separate the witnesses so they can't feed off of each other which seems to be what is happening here. 




 Yeah there might be 6 eyewitnesses BUT are they 6 reliable eyewitnesses? I could saw I was an eyewitness too by going by what others are saying. Doesn't necessarily mean that I was there. 




 Special Agent Orach Red here with Special Agent Sun Daisy 




 Comedy Forum in St. Charles still around or is that all Electric Cowboy? 




 Mainly depends on what area you're in. Since certain parts on St. Louis have unique delivery options. 




 Probably going to come up with another sob story just that in this one the grandmother died and they want to spread the ashes. 




 After reading the article and the comments here I just have to say this: The problem here in not McCullough it is the fact that the protestors want Ofc. Wilson hung by the balls to put it simply, and the protestors are feeling that with McCullough prosecuting the case he won't do that. I mean the Pope, Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, or Your own mother could be the prosecutor on this case and unless the balls are hung the people asking for McCullough's resignation still won't be happy. 




 Chef here too and the only thing I'd use that for is decoration. 




 I see Wayne Brady skinned Blue. 




 I'm saying with fall coming early we're going to get hit with winter early as well. 




 Well no wonder it's hard  read and at the bottom where if people found what they wanted higher up they're not going down that far. 














 Ahh the fat coconut eater. He has had some good matches in the past but the last year or two its been ehh. 














 LET HIM OUT! 




 Hooters 




 Where did you find that at? 




 Until you get rid of the people running that town i.e. the Mayor and Police Chief it's going turn into that saying You can polish a turd and it's still a turd. 




 Ditto. Birthday is a week from Wednesday and was thinking Fast Eddies for lunch but this place needs the business. 




 Give that server the middle finger from me for even taking that order. 




 Sauce? 




 It's not in the tread.
Not in the tread?
Not in the tread they said.
So brush your teeth and go to bed.
If your Mother find you, you'll end up dead.
Cause it's not in the tread they saaaaaid. 




 Oh come on just roll with it. 






















































 Does anyone know of a bar here in St. Louis that'll be showing the PPV season opener? 
























 Was it heaven? Are you a Zombie? 




 Here in St. Louis a good majority of our bars that serve food close the kitchen at 10 and last call for alcohol is about 1:25 because bar closes at 1:30. 




 Damn how many hands do you have? 




 Damn phone. That should be Feast. 




 It sounds like the ship is sinking and you're still on board. IMO it's best to jump overboard now before it's too late. 




 No music but we'd belt out whatever song was in our head and 9/10 others would join in. 




 I've made many many menus using Word and the clipart in it. Of course those were for rehearsal dinners and other catering events. 




 The app for people who forgot the number to 911. 




 The wild cat sanctuary is great and if you got the money you can even stay there. Mostly it's shopping, plays/musicals, and eating. My uncle used to own a cafe in the downtown district called The Eureka Springs Food Court. Best vacation ever was singing karaoke there and helping him out in the cafe.

 




 Eureka Springs, AR to visit family even though I haven't been in 11 years OR down the river road to Pier Marquette State Park. 









 Nah that's definitely the bunny from Monty Python and The Holy Grail. 




 Feat and Sauce are your best options. 




 Any maker marks stamped into the metal? 




 Been there before with Amazon. I'd track my package and it'd be sitting in the hub 5 minutes away. Like ok can I come pick it up? 




 Michael Bolton 




 Have some pics like that from 4 years ago of the market and union station. Very photo worthy places. 




 The story I heard on the scanner was they jumped through the sunroof and weren't moving. Then all of a sudden they say he's conscious and alert. Even called the newsroom at 2 to tell them this but they kept saying that he died. Did tried to change the title here and take out fatality but haha turns out you can't edit titles. 




 1.) Matheny doesn't know what he's doing bullpen wise. When a pitcher is doing great he takes them out and put someone like Rosenthal in which leads to #2...

2.) Rosenthal is by far our worst closer IMO. He's like Issy from a few years back where when he's put in you know there's a high probability we're losing.

2.) Our outfielders when playing in SF. They did say it was a hard outfield to play but still there was no coverage. Especially when they had to run to hell's half acres to catch the ball. 




 Burnie Gus looks like Jarrod the Subway guy. 




 That I do. More than one "thing" at that.

 




 Exactly I'm not going to be intimidated and run. With that said I will add that if they come out this way I will defend not only myself but also my house and family no questions asked. 




 God God they still make those books? I remember those books when I was in elementary school and that was many moons ago. 




 Oh been there many times. Hell still did it in Culinary School. 









 Have to give a big old amen to that last part. Right now that's what keeps me from drinking excessively. 




 In this case it'll be Brute and Old Spice for me. 




 Was listening over the scanner and the cop who found the car involved said it was full of beer cans and other shit(exact quote). 




 That's what I've said for years. With it being the main highway from the airport to downtown you'd think they would fix up the areas around the highway. 




 Guy jumped through the sunroof of a moving vehicle and now WB side of the highway is closed. 




 1.) Start it off by watching RAW and Smackdown together. Not full on event.

2.) Case in point he fucked Steph and is now head of NXT. 




 Straight OP's fault here for two reasons:

1.) You took a non-wrestling fan to a wrestling event aka taking her to something that probably bored her out of her mind. If I was you I would have just taken the nephew for a mini guys night.

2.) You dated your boss' daughter. What were you expecting to stay with her and get one of those "I fucked the boss' daughter promotions?" You never date the daughter of your superior because when that goes south so does the job. 




 There was an AP article that came out a week ago titled "MO Flea Market Plagued With Crime To Close," and it was all about the Pagedale flea market. 




 Name? 




 Girl my ribeyes are on your hot behind. 




 Was gonna ask if I missed a memo or something. WE CAN DO IT! WE CAN DO IT ALL NIGHT LONG!!! 




 I tried this one time before but the girl just screamed and asked how I got into her house. Oh Well! 




 Don't have much to add other than welcome to the club. 




 That's what I started out on. My Mom worked in a hospital and used to bring those home to me. The shave was shitty but they did the job. 




 Surely you can't be serious? 




 Remind anybody else of the no more spaces scene from Police Academy 1? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZRGxNozcp4 




 Because it's Grand. 




 Not bad but if we really want to impress Guinness we have to hit that rare Fiver and with it getting colder it gets rarer. 




 Ooh damn. Are we going for the word record or some shit cause I'm pretty sure Chicago takes that honor. 




 Was before or after the whole quitting the business thing? 




 I agree the evidence needs to be known but would people believe it or continue to believe what they want to believe. In this situation that being he was a good boy with only a sandwich. 




 I took what you said as the sooner people back these protesters the safer it'll be and that'll never happen. Not everybody is going to support their cause. I mean I'm not, my family isn't going to, and I know 95% of my friend aren't going to either. We all think it's idiotic to protest this but not protest the black on black crimes that are statistically hurting the city more. Just today we had the 106th confirmed homicide in the city which is a 30% increase from this time last year. 




 Yeeeeeah I don't see that happening anytime soon. 









 LMAO @ St. Quiznos Thought he might be considered The Earl of Sandwiches #2. 




 Valuable and Upstanding citizen with a rap sheet 3 miles long. Ooook yeeeeeah somebody explain that one to me. 




 Go Go Gadget Selfie 




 They did it when they tried to shut 70 down so it wouldn't surprise me. 




 Thank you. This could either get fun or really weird. Haha 




 Saw the original origin of this meme but what is it called? 




 As a Chef I like the Farm to Table concept but I have a feeling this guy has no restaurant experience or farming experience for that matter. I can see $30,000-$35,000 easily for this and that's for a pop-up restaurant but not 5mil. 




 For just $5,000 you get that final 1%. 




 Precisely  




 Sorry man but that's not what she was laughing at. 




 Is that a sledge hammer in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? 




 Nice to see the "Little Man" succeed. Keep up the good work and congrats on the stellar year. 




 Damn it! Now I gave to return the van and all this candy. 




 Looooved that show and had a lil crush on the robot chick. 




 Ghostwriter and The Letter People on PBS

Under The Umbrella Tree and Zoobalee Zoo on Disney 




 That's My Job and The Game's Daddy Play both by Conway Twitty

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba

Go Rest High On That Mountain by Vince Gill 




 2nd this. 




 Just put is simply: If you outlaw guns then only outlaws will have gun. Plain and simple. 




 "Damn it I told you not to wiz on the electric fence." 




 OMG thanks for the no help. Wow that's the best advice that EVER. Hahahaha

 




 The reason we don't riot is because we're not that stupid. Blacks walk around target with guns too. Only difference is us whites do it legally. Take your asinine logic and go home because you're making yourself look bad.

 




 Thought the pique wasn't right but wasn't sure. Took out and changed what you suggested. Thanks for the help. 




 It's very relevant. You don't see these protest when a black thug shoots another black person do ya? 




 Anybody know where I can get one of those bullet firing sandwiches??? 




 Had a cop kill an 18yo here last night in a kill or be killed situation. Yet his family is playing the he was a good boy card even though he had a rap sheet a mile long. 




 Got one back in 05 in Missouri for my 18th. Used it until I needed blades and then pitched it. 




 Fixed the not public problem. Didn't even know that was checked. 









 Met my ex in college so I was walking her to class, noticed the teacher wasn't in there yet, so we just set up against the wall, and opened up to each other. She told me about her dreams and fairs which I can remember the dream but not the fear, and I opened up to her about mine. It was the first time we got emotional in front of each other but not the last. 




 OMG How dare you say something so morbid. BTW you gave me the wrong change. 




 Got one a couple weeks ago on my birthday and started laughing. Happy Birthday either way. 




 For physical: Knee pain, back pain, and carpal tunnel

Mental: Anxiety, alcoholism, depression, sleep deprivation

Cure: Alcohol and pain meds 




 From looking at the jack n the box section it looks like if you got a sourdough jack with extra cheese and a mint shake you'll have everything in that section. 




 Already posted: http://www.reddit.com/r/fastfood/comments/2ig576/playing_chicken_burger_king_cuts_nuggets_price/ 














 Nice find on the Kristofferson album. 




 St. Louis- Vintage Vinyl 




 Well let's say BK does the industry standard of upcharging 30% of the food cost, and that 10-nuggets cost 4.99 30% of 4.99 = 1.49700 so they are just breaking even with no profit. 




 Alright cool Thanks for the quick help. 




 Italy Padova to be exact. 




 I retrieved my match for the postcard exchange and all they have is a city but no address. Is this normal or other countries or what? I never sent something international so I'm not sure. 




 So it reboots the porn sites? 




 Same here. Last time I had them was back in the BK Kids Club days. 




 Your profile is one that would make me stop and say hmm... Got a fave from me and loved the "Really fucking weird" line but seems like that's just me. 




 I'm saying the 57%/27% might explain for this. 




 Hey what's up? 









 After seeing the pic and reading your comments I bow before you. Especially with the MS Access usage. 




 Y'all are jus rong. 




 Looks like Violet from Willie Wonka AFTER the blueberry incident. 




 Everytime I go to the mobile site the pics don't show up for me. Was wondering if anybody else is having the same problem. 




 Not something you discuss with a potential date/relationship over the computer. This is a topic best suited for an established relationship as well as face to face. 




 I'll ask the obvious question: You said yes right? Haha 




 Well that would explain these silver bracelets. 




 Hell if she lived next door to me I'd be moving next door. lol 




 Did not even recognize her. I feel like an idiot now. 




 Name? 




 I remember getting in trouble back in 1st grade for playing some jack o lantern game on the Commodore 64 past recess. 
























 Damn I need to go to the bank and get that million dollar loan. 




 We have two local food oriented publications here in St. Louis called Feast and Sauce, local cultish paper has a food section, food section in the St. Louis Post Dispatch every Wednesday, and twitter/facebook. 




 Keep fucking reading this as anus instead of aus. Dirty mind tends to wander. 




 Oh yeah big time. 




 Well gives new meaning to the word peaceful. 




 UFOs going back to their hanger at lamb....oops I said too much. 




 Was going to give you a list of stuff but see what I was going to say has been covered. Good luck and most importantly have fun. 




 Was a KM once at a Mom   Pop place because nobody else wanted the job or work for that matter so I know what you're going through. 

What i wish somebody would have told me is to get a key to the place in order to let the delivery guys in. I lived right across the street from the place and would see them show up but couldn't do shit because I never could get ahold of the owner. Had many orders that we had to go next door to the quick shop and buy sodas because the Pepsi guy couldn't deliver. 




 Somebody get this man some coffee or a beer STAT! 




 It reminds me of Chumlee from Pawn Stars. Any other time the guy is a few fries short of a Happy Meal but you start talking to him about something he loves and is passionate about and he will blow your mind with his knowledge. Take Gavin and his love of camera work and he could school you I guarantee. 




 I just want a hug from Bayley. Is that too much to ask? 




 Wow amazing haul and loving that coffin humidor. 




 Girl is cute and the dog just needs a reboot. 









 Like has been said don't apologize because she saw you were actually passionate about something. 




 Sounds like the David Crosby Melissa Etheridge situation. 




 With the high possibility of people coming in from out of town I see a mixture of 1  2 leading to 3. 




 Said the exact same thing but I don't see my comment now. 




 So... I guess the man that was ganged up on and beaten by the protestors was actually beaten up by the police??? Damn gotta say that if you really are getting an education at SLU I'd ask for a full refund because it's not helping you any. 




 When you step into a battle zone like Ferguson was you have to expect the risk involved with standing around like the bystanders and media were. Of course I had a debate with you one time before and that was like talking to a wall so I'm leaving it at this. 




 They're lucky it was just tear gas and not live rounds. Usually when you approach a cop in a threatening manner they have every right to protect themselves any means necessary. 




 An I went to Ferguson and all I got was this shirt t-shirt but with fake bullet holes. 




 Enjoyed your gimmick in the E and was just wondering who was the toughest opponent none kayfabe? 




 The D-Bag radar is pinging hard with this one. 









 Well that sucks. Used to listen to Brian McKenna and Jeff Burton everyday coming home from culinary school. It sounds like too many people had their hand in the pot thus leading to the fights. 




 Amateurs! I have a 56K modem for a iPaq 3835 in my back pocket right now right next to my Pog slammer. 




 Free napkins are great and all but can we talk about the use of comic sans font? 




 Ditto. We've been missing out on the table, cooler, and seat bed fun. 









 Hopefully they rebrand him into something enjoyable. Also get rid of that diaper looking speedo. 




 Oh this fits so well: http://imgur.com/WWwaDLs 




 I've had one of those girls in one of my kitchens. Takes the fun out of a dirty joke when you have to explain it. 




 Had a Grandpa serve in the Navy during WWII and my Dad served as a medic in the Army during the Korean War so your service is much appreciated here. Thank You for it. 




 Go to Pappy's and ask for Mike Emerson(the owner). He's a great guy and I'm sure he'll help you out somehow. 




 Name??? 




 Yep. Even went through a miscarriage with the girl and she ended up marrying the guy she cheated on me with. 




 You forgot the eggs. I mean how are we supposed to make the traditional St. Louis French toast without eggs? 




 Damn it Luke I told you no base jumping until 30 minutes after you eat but nooooo you didn't want to listen. 




 My question is where the hell did he get his info at??? 




 I'd have had to ask him doesn't the security of said hotel know how to rewind it themselves. 




 As long as it's one of the central logo ones in fat guy sizes I'm game for any color. 




 One of those songs I can put on repeat and it never gets old. 




 Sounds like he's trying to set up an online date for her instead of a dinner reservation. 




 These costumes are Legen....Wait For It.....dary. 




 Well besides restraining myself from killing some squirrels (long story) mine was good. 




 Been having problems with them for the past month trying to get the bills on time as well as the rest of the mail. For 2 weeks straight nobody on my street got mail on Thursday. Just did an exchange and saw where my gift was sent USPS and tracked it like a hawk. Thankfully it came in one piece undamaged. Sucks that this happened but glad it was in one piece. I do have an 800 # for their customer service if you'd want it. 




 Both The Christmas Story and Rugrats signify my childhood. 




 Was playing GTA Online with a buddy and his BIL, and all of a sudden his BIL starts freaking out telling us to get to him ASAP. We get there and it's a UFO  that was sticking out of the street. Uploaded the pics to social club: Itsmy6 




 My eyes MY EYES!!! But like has been said wash your own damn knives and not in the dishwasher either. 




 Saw where there's one today with the two directors of ABCs of Death and I can't help but ask why. IMO by far one of the worst movies ever made. 




 A couple of their girls have done this but none to this scale. Most famous of the bunch is Violet riding the gearshift of a parked car. A lot of people don't know that at one time Ryan Keely was a FTV model, and there's a clip of her masturbating and squirting on what looks to be a closed restaurant patio. 




 If you go to the brewery's site it has recipes on there of what you can make with the beer, and everyone for that beer is a baked good. 




 That Milk Stout Nitro is one of the first beers I drank a whole 6-pack of by myself. Stuff goes great with some chocolate chip cookies. Also some nice sticks there so kudos on the trade. 




 Was just about to post this exact thing. 




 Science Rules! Thanks for the pics and sucks that it wasn't a real one. 




 It's still real to me damn it!!! 




 Well I've had Apple and Android over the years so I thought hey go windows plus it was $100 for the phone. Had I known then what I know now app wise I'd have kicked my own ass. 




 According to him it's all bullshit and he's staying put. 









 ^ All this and a bag of chips...with some nacho cheese sauce. 




 Wish there was a Windows Phone version but I'm getting used to not having 95% of the apps Apple and Android get. 




 Pretty sure a belt sander is what caused this problem to begin with.

 




 If you want one cheap you can go to Ferguson and loot one. 




 She looks like Charlie Laine with a tit job IMO. 




 I don't see him getting in. What they don't seem to realize is that South County and West County aka mostly white areas also vote on this too. I said it before and I'll say it again I don't give two hoots in hell who endorses who because in the end it's all about who can benefit the county more  




 Yeah the SJ pretty much seized to exist about 5 years ago. Was a sad time at my house when it happened. 




 I live in N. County right by Ferguson and we pretty much forgot about it unless something major happens. It's business as usual other than the neighbors and I have the guns loaded just in case they come this way. 




 LMAO There was already a banner up on a pedestrian walkway saying the same so I don't see how this is any different. 




 After goofing off with the What Does The Fox Say question and answer I decided to try other animals to see what would happen.

From what I tried here's what worked:

Cat
Dog
Pig
Cow
Chicken
Rooster
Duck 




 Tried 5 times to get her to understand hardware store. Eventually I said F this and typed it in. 




 Be prepared for the common complaint about WP not having certain apps that iPhone does. 




 Not really. If you bring a cart back yes a quarter pops out but you still have to use a quarter to unlock a cart so technically that doesn't count as free. 









 Did not even know that one. Haha nice 




 Found that out last week by goofing off with Cortana and I literally Yayed at it. 




 27 yo and have yet to have mine. 




 Was just about to post this. Loved the book but the movie was out there. 




 That's almost Prime grade marbling right there. Very beautiful pieces. 




 Won a facebook contest a year or two ago by some local Horchata company. I think I was the only one who entered and it was the last contest they had. Ended up getting 3 cases of canned coffee drinks and a thank you note.

Another time won a contest given by Patron tequila for a top secret dinner. Premise was that I had to show up to a hotel, give the parking attendant the password, and wait for a shuttle bus with other people. Turns out the dinner was on the outfield of Busch Stadium but I didn't go because it was too secrety. 




 Well we have Wallet on our phones but it's completely useless. They need to make it like ApplePay but I see that never happening. 




 A lot of these companies have even admitted to saying F You to WP users because the market is so small. There are times I wish I would have went back to Apple instead of WP. 




 This store look like the Quick Mart in Florissant off Charbonieer. 









 This post pulled me in but it's like I got stood up by a date. 




 Love me some lizards and gizzards. They're very easy to make also. Just do a three step breading of seasoned flour, egg/butter milk mixture, and another thing of seasoned flour. After that toss them in the fryer and cook until they float. 














 You're Welcome and guess not. 




 Not sure why you're being down voted but would go here: http://www.yp.com/fenton-mo/deer-processing 




 Any pets? If so blame them, if not it was nice kinda knowing ya. 




 Not a member but been to a meeting and a competition and have to say they were mostly huge networking events. If you need to network among people in the field I say go ahead and sign up. 




 Iron Pigeons would make a damn good band name. 




 Had one of those Taylor ones in my Chef bag from Culinary school and ended up saying F this and got a digital one for $20. 




 Bun Munchers 




 Best friend has those same exact yoga pants so I had to check for tats. lol 




 Tried reporting it but it just takes me back to the pledge page. 




 Mostly Ghost and spirits. The latest happening Tuesday night with the usual cold spots and shadows. Knew that it was my best friend's mom watching over us so it didn't freak me out as much but she was bugging out.

Have also smelt roses before in places where I shouldn't, and after I googled it I found out it means a loved one who passed is present. 




 Wow people actually read that paper? I thought it was just put out as free wrapping paper or cage liner. 




 As a Chef I'd go with Kendrick's. Very friendly staff and they can get you want you need. 




 Rodney Dangerfield is that you??? 




 Downloading mine now. This should be fun....YAY! 




 Are they ever going to fix the typo with Area? 









  Although their food went over well with customers, Siao said they have revamped the old menu by throwing out the dishes that didn't sell and keeping the ones that were popular.

The place wasn't even opened long enough to figure either of the two truthfully. 




 My best friend happens to be a girl I had a thing for back in high school, and last night I stayed over at her house to keep an eye on her(long story I don't want to post on reddit). Well while not being able to sleep I got to thinking about how right after HS graduation I got real down in the dumps because I chickened out on telling her how I felt about her thus thinking I lost the opportunity for good. Long story short I got a second chance and she has known for a few years. 









 Remember when the topless photos of Cat got "leaked'? 
























 Can't believe no one said EPC out in St. Chuck. 




 You did a good deed for that family, and I hate to say it but in that condition that birthday could've very well been that kid's last. Good job on the cop for not taking him in in front of his son. 




 http://imgur.com/gk33ydg 




 Needs some glaze.  




 Living in the U.S. I feel left out. :( 




 I went to ITT-Tech and have an associate's degree in Criminal Justice so my brother from another mother calls me Chef Batman. 




 Where at? 




 Nah forgot the B A Start. 




 Thanks I'll try that. 




 Want to send me the money to upgrade? Plus I asked here because I figured that was one of the purposes of this subreddit. 




  Microsoft Windows 7 or later.

With Windows Vista being before 7 it won't work but Thanks anyway for the info. 




 Which one do I want then, and where do I download it from? 




 Windows Vista....yeah I know Ugh! lol 




 Downloaded the retail software recovery tool but it's not compatible with my computer's OS. 




 It got to the gears, ended real fast, restarted the phone, and popped up sorry we're unable to install this update at this time. 




  you can't train give a fuck, you have to hire give a fuck and teach it to cook.

Such poetry here but very fuckin true.
 




 He looks like a white Gabriel Iglesias. 




 Actually know the guy who made this. This was done at the Alton, IL McDonald's. 




 This all coming from the fucker who wrote that Hello Kitty ear bleeder for his wife. Yeeeeah ok. 




 It'll just be some copy and paste response more than likely. 




 Exactly, I think they mean company wide. 









 You're Welcome 




 Wish I had the money to donate as well but I'm broke as a joke and the joke is broke. 




 Well most certainly the one this subreddit was named after. 




  In most professional kitchens these days, long gone are the times when dick jokes, drug use and alcohol consumption were the norm. 

Wait alcohol consumption and dick jokes are long gone??? Well SHIT! Goodbye cruel world.
 




 86 slang as well. 




 Thought the same. It looks like a fish bowl to me. I'd go with a much shallower dish, and try to tighten up the food placement because the way it is now looks like you said play it where it lands. 




 Buy a bag of potatoes and practice practice practice. 




 The only way to rectify this is to walk up behind a mule and let him kick you in the nuts. It's one of the sacred bro codes so it must be done. 




 Buddy and me just downloaded it as well and so far nothing is new. Also no popups in story mode like there usually is. 




 Ferguson? 




 Not to sound mean buy you either have no balls and letting the Chef walk all over you or you don't know any better and should find another line of work like was previously stated. I suggest that you stand up to the chef and believe me there's a chance of mad respect.

When I was still green under the collar in this industry I had a coworker be a dick towards me everyday, and one day the Chef himself pulled me aside and said don't let him walk all over you. Next day I grew the balls and got major respect from the Chef and the other guys. 




 Lived in GA for 2 1/2 weeks and between the spiders and micro-frogs I lost count. 




 This. 




 When the memorial went up in flames he showed up to the scene with two pastor, and was booed when they got out of the car. 




 Are there any maker marks on the bottom of anything. Maker marks could consist of a stamp or something engraved. 




 Was thinking this too. Announcer/Interviewer Vince 




 Ellen DeGeneres is that you? 




 Remember these days. Meat slicer was my best friend on those days. 




 Heart attack Grill  




 Have hung out with a few of them at one of my old job. Have to say with them being federal and all they're a fun crowd to hang with. I'm going with it being Ferguson related as well and the reason for them staying in Chesterfield might have to do with the airport right there. 




 I 2nd this. It looks to be a fastener such as the type you find on large manila envelopes. 




 Same here. It looks like nothing more than a keychain you pick up at a tourist shop/gas station. 









 Was just about to post this. 




 Never met him but he did an episode of Restaurant Impossible at a restaurant by me that I used to pass all the time. Was one of the funniest thing I've seen. One clip had him calling a place for a sign (sign place is right next door), and another one had him driving back to the restaurant after asking people to come to the reveal (they were in the parking lot of the restaurant the whole time). 




 If I was to get that form it'd be a paper airplane within 30 seconds. 




 Serve this with some goat cheese and Ritz for $25. 




 Bandanas is more of the stop on the way home and pick up dinner in a hurry type place. I say close to the airport go with SugarFire Smokehouse. I'm a chef and all I keep hearing is nothing but good things about the place. 




 Exactly those. They're grrrrrrreat! 




 Damn people are still pissed about this. Not sorry but I think he was a shitty wrestler no matter what organization, and I know I'm not the only one who thinks that. 




 The part of this that makes me SMH is getting little kids involved in this. 




 You cheeky lil bastard!

Congrats and if you haven't already we're going to need a full 30min long review posted on YouTube tonight. 




 Thanks for the link. Found this as well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuJWpl7W6mc

Give a more in depth explanation. 




 Because it was my First kitchen job and I didn't know any better.

I was the KM/Cook of a Mom   Pop Pizza shop. The owner was a cool guy who I got along with to an extent and I pretty much had full control over the place since he was barely around. Well he would hire in these teeny bopper girls to run the counter, and started to notice why he would hire in these girls is so he could try to get a piece of jailbait ass. In the long run the business started to take on water fast. We ended up losing our contract with pepsi because the bill wasn't getting paid on top of them being unable to deliver. I had no key to the place or I would've accepted it. He also let somebody other than himself handle the books and she ended up screwing him over and the place shut down without notice.

Oh and to answer the P.S. No because I was paid under the table in cash. Come to think of it I was hired under the table as well. 




 Would love to see a video of how it goes about brewing the tea each morning. 




 It's Duck Season Muahahahaha! 




 He did but the Lion no longer had a Choice. 




 Have tried 5 times to download the update and everytime I get an error that says Unable To Update Your Phone At This Time Try Again Later (0xfffffffb). 




 Anybody having problems updating? Everytime I try to it pops up Unable To Update At This Time. 




 Lumia 520 and biggest gripe is the app store. If I would've known that 90% of the apps I used on my android was unavailable with Windows I would've stuck with Android or got an iPhone 5. Besides that the 8.1 update fixed a ton of the problems like the others folder that was just there with no means of dumping the file build up so my storage space kept getting lower while that kept getting higher. 




 Got it free with a trade in. 




 Where the fuck you get your info from a cracker jack box?

I'll just leave this here: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aneurysm_of_heart 




 Why not join it? If I'm stuck with this phone for the time being might as join a subreddit where I can get info on it and ask question. 




 In that case have fun. Still wondering if he got an S5 which is only a few months old why is he wanting to trade in so soon. 




 Well for example no official app for Snapchat, Instagram is still in beta, and Vine hasn't been updated since God knows when along with many other apps. Also very well known companies are looking at WP users like they have Ebola or something and aren't even creating apps for this OS.  




 Good point. 




 Pretty much sums up my degree. 




 That's like asking if you should trade in a Lambo for a Pinto. The answer is no. As a convert from Android I could kick my own ass. For one thing calling the app market limited is an understatement. While the cameras are good IMO that's the only thing good about these phones. So in turn if you have an S5 keep it, enjoy it, cherish it, and stay away from WP like most companies are doing. 




 Hate to say it but what else is new. WP is like the damn plague to companies. 




 That doesn't matter because by that time the damage was already done. 




 The kind that remembers that the cause of death was due to a heart aneurism cause by years of drug abuse aka his own doings is what killed him. 




 Take a vid of it and we'll call it The Suckering. Make at least a couple dollars off of Larry that lives in Forest Park. 




 They've either lived a very sheltered life or don't know racism if it hit them in the face. 




 Well shit ok I'll admit I was wrong. Still don't want the bullshit out here though. 




 Shit I'm a 27yo virgin but I'm not going to go out and fuck just any woman to get rid of it. Don't get me wrong I'd like to get rid of it shit what man wouldn't but getting rid of it by means of a meaningless one night stand is just fucked up IMO. 




 The difference is with the buses you have to transfer between buses to get downtown. With this it's a straight shot from new part of the county to the city. Thus making it easier to commit the crime and get back to the city in no time. 




 Bus 




 WHOO HOO GO ME! 




 Shit might as well. 




 Mmhmm you know why that is right? Because the criminals from the city are coming out here breaking into houses and robbing places.

 




 Let the butthurt begin with this comment: I didn't like him. IMO he wasn't that great and his own doing is what killed him. 




 You did read the proposed stop didn't you? 




 Love Garfield so obviously loving this teapot. Where did you get it? 




 No Lambchops, No Peace! 




 I oppose this for the very reason that we don't need no more damn criminals from the city coming into the county. That is why St. Charles has been keeping it out of their area for years. For example look at the arrest reports from the Ferguson riots. A mass majority of those arrested were from the city so all this will do is give them another means of access to the county. 




 All I can think of is here we go again. First Josh and now Oscar. 




 Reminds me of The Pineapple from HIMYM. 









 MORTAL KOMBAAAAAT!!!! 




 Everybody is just over here kung fu fighting and you're over there butthurt over some jokes. 




 To me it's like googling something. Too many results that you don't know what you should click on. 




 He stand up and starts shaking hands until someone tells him there's still a chance of a straight. 




 Wait that was him? Well that explains everything now. lol 









 If this crap keeps happening they won't make it another two. With them being busy with the kids I wonder if they even know what is really happening in their places. I say make an anonymous call to the health department but that's just me. 




 Culinary Institute of St. Louis

It was just the standard industrial roll plastic wrap found in most commercial kitchens. 




 Theirs are mostly Crosley and Third Street Records(Jack White's label). 




 http://rs1img.memecdn.com/you-stay-classy-st-louis_o_2565061.jpg 




 Is this a chain we'd know or a local mom   pop spot? Reason I'm asking is because if it's a chain then this sadly doesn't surprise me but if it's a mom   pop then it's kinda shocking they would turn the blind eye at this. 




 I always thought the same but it's how I was taught in Culinary School. Still don't fully understand it. 




 This is the basis of seeing an accident and not stopping to check on the people because it's "not your problem." 




 Probably has been covered but TL;DR: Anybody else do a quick glance and thought holy shit Rob Lowe??? 




 Whoever requested this I thank you. 




 Exactly! Hell the standard burritos could feed a small village for a year. 




 Yeah saw John Pertzborn post about it on twitter when it happened but for some reason it's just now making the news. One of the 13 year olds involved is pregnant so that kind of tells you something about her parents. 




 Took the words from my mouth. Also gonna add MOAR!!! 
























 Chris is a great guy and everything but Holy Fuck No am I paying $70 for jeans that look like you need tweezers to get anything out of the pockets. 




 White under shirt 




 This or the gel bleach so you can put it right on the stain. 




 Took the words right out of my head. 




 Unfortunately he's unable to do one anytime soon due to him still being in the air.  














 Damn it Ed Sheeran stop asking for money to build your LEGO house. 




 Hahahaha I know that reporter. He's on the local Fox station KTVI.  




 So..you'd recreate Ferguson? 




 "I remember when Eggman was going by Dr. Robotnic but then he went and changed his fuckin name without consulting me first." 




 Keep the phrase and redo the heads and you should be good. 




 OOH CAKE!

Oh and Happy Birthday Jack 




 Looks like she was pickpocketing the black dude. 




 Thank You 




 I have 3 white coats and by being a fat guy they make me look like the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man from Ghostbusters. 




 I Have A Dream That One Day People Will Not Be Judged By The Color Of Their Chef Coat But By If They're A Complete Fuck Nut Or Not!!! 




 FUCK! I'll get bail. 




 Uh....she legal??? 




 Used to have this game and it was awful. Compared to the original 2 it was one of those why was it even made games. 









 Had three I used to frequent and one became a bank, one got torn down and became an AT T store, and the last one became a car audio place called Audio Express. 




 Ooh damn. Yeah tetanus shots hurt like a mofo and just remembered I'm about due for another one. 




 Just got the All Clear. 




 Yep was trying to cross. 




 Police Scanner and was just on 2. 




 Hate to say it but them closing without giving the employees notice is common practice in the restaurant biz. With that said I used to eat at the Mid Rivers one all the time but in the past few years you could tell it was even open with all the trees around. 




 That Rupert with Paul on the cover? 




 Happened about 30 minutes ago. A woman was struck   killed, and the car that hit her ended up on the other side of the highway with someone running from the vehicle. As of right now it's an active crime scene with county crime tech in route. 




 Think of it as your run of the mill pub food i.e. wings, burgers, other fried food. It's basically Hooters with different uniforms. 




 If at all possible wear long sleeves. Don't have any ink (yet) myself but have seen some nice piece messed up from burns and whatnot. 




 Dude fit every aspect of mega douche. 




 Makes me want to go there and try it. 




 By far the best part of a Buffalo wing. Here have an upvote. 




 Well on the bright side the floor is cleaner than its ever been. 




 That's what we always used. Was much much easier. 




 Nope not the only one. Just a waste of time in there. I rather shower and get out. 




 Is it in a school zone?

Reason I ask is because we have them here and they're used to power the flashing lights at a school crossing. 




 Wouldn't it be some shit to do this one to find out the original is worth millions? 




 From how I understood the title her family got it off of eBay. So more than likely no refunds or exchanges. 




 Used to have one exactly like this when I was 7. 




 Got mine a month ago but a new cell phone with an 8MP rear camera and can take 1080P vid. Only reason for this phone is the old one bricked.

Oh and smoked beef jerky. 




 Pull a gun on a cop get shot. Do I need to pull out the crayons and construction paper? 




 She wants the E...'s pizza 




 GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!! 




 And I thought my handwriting was bad. 




 Exactly all of this. 




 Just installed it for PS3 and the unable to invite thing got fixed. No snow though 




 The expression on the guy's face says it all. 




 You da real MVP! Her name is kamilah a from MET Art. 




 The Chicago Fire. Run in a piss on the flames. 




 We have one just like it here in St. Louis called Backstoppers that helps the families of police and firefighters killed or hurt in the line of duty. 




 Just heard a call on the scanner yesterday that said respond to the leasing office they have some packages missing. 




 Name? 




 Having exact problem 




 Just played this morning no problem. Go to play now and can't invite 




 Wow just WOW! Now that Scott Trade logo is easily removable right if another change happens? 




 Walgreen's is open Christmas if you need ice of your head or your nuts. 



















 I'd say more $450-$500. From the small pics the top and TV look good but the bottom looks beat to hell. 




 $1.25 + Free Shipping 




 That's like Walgreen's now has stickers on some products stating that it is only to be sold at Walgreen's. 




 Only hard drugs I ever did was Opium, popped adderall, and snorted xanex. Only one that really fucked with me was the opium but I was still with it enough to know wtf I was doing. Besides that it was weed and alcohol but don't really call that hard drugs. 




 Need one of these where I'm at. It's...it's...beautiful 




 You seem to have the passion and the drive to learn this trade. Being the bosses kid I can see where people might think you have a chip on your shoulder but I say screw em. Do this for you and you alone. For the pain working out and aleve helped a hell of a lot. Good luck with this. 




 Food looks good and I wouldn't mind trying some of those myself. Good Job 




 Thanks for saying this, it was the only one I had a problem with. Food looked good but the plating just looked like they used a dirty plate. 




 Besides knives sharpies just might be the 2nd most important as well as stolen tool in the kitchen. Mainly used for labeling things. 




 It means for the time being they're fucked to put it simply. 




 I'd be happy with a case of beer, box of sharpies, and socks. 




 No, not one ounce of creepy in that elf. 




 From reading that it sounds like the kitchen is in the weeds. On the other hand constantly nagging them to hurry up doesn't help the cause either. 




 Burns anytime over cuts. 




 *curls up into the fetal position and pretends he didn't read that* 




 Yeah I'm going to need to do this challenge. 




 Damn you caught me. 




 Randy Orton, The Urge, and LUDO. 




 Can we talk about placing a new soccer stadium on top of it now? 




 *drops mic and walks away* 




 I'll take your fuck that duck fat suggestion and raise you bacon fat. 




 After the instruments start I can't even understand wtf she is saying. 




 Used to always take a rubber ball like a super ball and start putting rubber bands on that. 




 Wait there's a rose there? 




 Learn basic knife skills as well as how to hold the knife properly

Take notes lots and lots of notes

Big box of sharpies at home is a must 

Respect such as YES CHEF NO CHEF

Don't be afraid to ask questions but not when someone is in deep shit 




 Aka someone too young to play the mother. Daughter or sister yes but Mother nope. 




 Blonde looks to be Chloe Foster but the other girl doesn't look familiar from that angle. 




 There's one in Overland/St. John area where a guy has a train track set up in his front yard and a hot chocolate stand in his driveway.

Then in Florissant off of Mullanphy behind the schnuck's there's a house that puts Clark Griswold to shame. 




 You might want to see a Doctor your ball is turning purple. 




 Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain Read it back in 03 and that's when I decided that this was the career I want. 




 Well to put it simple she's a bitch for one thing. Fucked the friend over by firing her trying to claim misconduct on set on friend's husband. Then ended up releasing the friend's last set for free so she wouldn't get any revenue from it. Also she'd bring her son to the studio and let him run all over during photo shoots. 




 I used to talk to her everyday and still friends with a girl that used to model for Nikki and from that I wouldn't touch Nikki with a 10ft stick. 




 That would be it. 




 The football faux rape scene. 




 Exactly. I've yet to see any ups worker in a bad mood 




 Their Market Fresh Sandwiches are good but I miss their Bronco Berry Sauce. 




 I had a white GBA but traded it in for a silver SP preorder. Had that exact GBC though. Got it for my 12th birthday back in 99. 




 Too many comments to see if this has been posted before but it says new account back again so something tells me she has been going at this for awhile. 




 Happened to me twice back in the day. Bought a game, came home and opened it, and I could see straight through the disc because it was so scratched up. Other time had the wrong game in it. Thankfully was able to exchange both of them. 




 Same here. I mean reslly if a chick broke it off with you would you say nice shit about her? 




 I 2nd the picatta and veal saltimbocca. Most definently a must and not hard at all to make. 




 Elizabethtown: A story of a man who gets knocked down numerous times only to realize his life is just beginning. 




 Was shopping for a custom board today on Etsy and every page had about 3 etched glass ones. All I could think of is Hell To The Fuck No. 




 Have to have Humpty from Digital Underground in there if you have Oatmeal. 




 Preggolicious was by far one of a kind. 




 This happened back in 05 here in St. Louis. Back story is that the guy was being chased for killing his wife and her friend. You can see the body fly out so possible NSFL: http://youtu.be/7uyGSRYjfvo 




 SANTAAAAAAAA!!! I know him. 
























 Ok somebody didn't bring ansl beads to work....even though that's what that is. 




 I call for 3 hours of the infamous Vince dance video. 




 So pretty much a replay of "The one who must not be name's" tribute? 




 What is this down time you speak of? 




 When I was in Culinary school it was color coded by kitchen. One was blue, one was red, and so on. 




 And the razor??? 




 Old Town St. Chuck would be the perfect place for a shop of this nature. 




 BAZINGA! 




 AKA foot traffic 




 Yeah just checked out their site and not one mention of a physical location. 




 These poker ones are always the best IMO. 




 Shout out back to you from North County. Never heard of those two places but I'll check them out. Thanks for mentioning them. 




 Don't mind it one bit. I was just wanting to know in case I wanted to get my hands on something without having to wait on it. 




 This might be a long shot but I'm looking for a shave supply store or stores in the St. Louis area. Born and raised here and the only place I know of is Art of Shaving. Any help would be appreciated because I hate going to the corporate drug stores and looking at the very slim selection. 




 "I've had five kitchen jobs and I've walked out of or quit without notice in everyone."

Yeah not really helping your case here. Just by reading this(can't believe I read it all) it sounds to me like you have a big ego and when somebody does something to counter that ego you say fuck this I'm out. 

As a word of advice suck it up, drop the ego, and do your job without fuckin quitting. 




 Don't lose your shit and get yourself in the weeds. 




 Hot Damn! I thought we were the only ones. 




 Congrats 




 Send him to fetch a bucket of steam. 




 This brings back memories. 




 I know all about your criminal charges, restraining orders against you, and your kids being taken away from you. It took me a long time to get over you, and still till this day I can't listen to our songs. I mean you were the first girl I ever said I Love You to face to face. Oh in case you're wondering I ending up finding an amazing woman who saved my life by actually giving a shit about me instead of what dick was fucking her like you did.

P.S. I made that move to Georgia like I dreamed of. Only lasted 2 1/2 weeks before I moved back home but I at least did it. 




 That's great. That's really great. Now don't be a stranger and have a nice day. 




 Grab some food off the shelves and lock my ass in the bathroom. 




 Ever seen the movie Waiting? From what I've heard it's pretty much that to a T. 




 http://i.imgur.com/yRO9z8n.jpg 




 YAY Pepto Bismo! 




 Had the same thing happen here with Longhorn. Every single position was open at one location. 




 Shit with that overtime you can buy your own restaurant. 




 Not the worst idea I've read on this sub but a very close second. If you go ahead with this not only will you be ran over so quick that you won't even see it, they will back up and hit you again. 




 This or for like they do for the luaus in Hawaii and cook it in a hole. 




 I think I got stupider reading some of those comments. 




 In reality all this right here is all you need. 




 Nix the culinary school and the debt and get a job in another kitchen. Some of the skills you learned at the current place may be transferable without you even knowing it. 




 That's when hot behind comes into play. lol 




 This. It'll make him change his mind real quick. 




 You tried shaving the cat again didn't you? 




 You pretty much found it here. 




 Congrats and welcome to the club. 




 An icicle fell off the house and broke my glasses I SWEAR. 




 Contact a local food truck and ask if you can stage for a run in order to see if that's what you really want. 




 That girl really had no fucks to give when she modeled. 




 There is actually a pizza cheese out there that has little pieces of pepperoni in it. Parents used to buy it all the time for my brother and I when we were younger but now it's very hard to find.

With this though I call laziness or the inability to spell mozzarella. 




 Yeah that page is off the wall crazy. They posted some shit one time about killing Pitbulls in order to rid the world if "devil dogs." WTF! 




 I use the stuff religiously because there's not much I like the smell of and I can attest to that. Used to get bad irritation if I left my beard grow out for a week and it helped clear it up. 




 Smurf cumshot 




 Fast food or a liquid diet of alcohol. 




 After reading the rest of the comments why do I feel that we'll be seeing this on /r/shittykickstarters within the next week? 




 That's the thing though unless you specifically said no emails how would they know you barely check your email? 




 I see no problem with it. I've known people who fill out an app and get a call an hour later to interview the next day. 




 Hell yeah do it. It's not only helping you with the skills it's also helping that resume for the future. 




 Does offering them a half eaten can of ravioli count in this??? 




 Nothing like a nice ass welcome back. 




 Sadly it didn't click until this comment. 




 Watching it live now and the bids are not really coming in for it. Sold for $585,000. 




 I must have this in my life. 




 Please tell me it's Up Up, Down Down, Left Right, Left Right, B, A, Start. 




 If it moves and it shouldn't use duct tape, if it doesn't move and it should use WD-40. 




 Went through this myself almost 9 years ago not to that extinct but it still took me a month and a half to recover. Soreness from the incisions lasted much longer though. Anyway hang tough and welcome back. 




 Now that's a bomb I wouldn't mind getting in the mail. Nice job Alebue and congrats Wew5450. 









 Sadly can't seem to find this video anymore. 




 That was what my mind immediately went to when I saw the mean green. Gonna go with a simple WTF for this pic. 




 We need to stop kissing every body's ass with this new stadium and upgrade what we got. I for one will say I'd gladly help the Rams and Uncle Rico pack. 




 Get a free pit pass from your local FORD dealer 




 Holy Fuck there's so many misguided info in this thread it's like going to a Dr. in a dark alley. 

Cuts: As long as they're not deep clean it with soap and water, apply pressure, and raise your hand above your head until the blood stops. Apply bandage, glove it, and get back to work.

Burns: Cool not cold water like has been said and polysporin. 









 Ooh that shit always makes me happy. 




 Wait a minute here. You want US to determine if you're crazy or not??? Hahahaha ok then. 




 Label that shit. No need for a screw up that can be easily avoided. 




 This and to add another non-cooking related app: Pandora to bring a lil music to the kitchen. 




 Looks like it's trying to be like EMT INA way and failing miserably. 




 There are rougher versions of SOS pads. 




 Same here and the only one I know of is that yellow one. 




 In a freaking heartbeat.

You should x-post this over on r/kitchenconfidential 




 That is a huge ass Holy Fuck You. 




 Nuke it or deep fry it, and they gave what they want sans char. 




 Bye Felicia! 




 Picking up a couple boxes Friday. 




 Wait so you're telling me restaurants close??? All thus time I thought the locks were for show. 




 Haha good point. 




 With mine I rinse it with hot water, shake the excess off, and tap it on a towel. 




 Yep. Forgot what the ratio was but it was in the post about the hipster douche not allowing chef coats in his kitchen. 




 Like the other two this is a story I'd like to hear. 




 Steak Tartare 




 Two Words: Stress Reliever. Can't really smoke a full blown cigar in 5 minutes so I went the e-cig route and it has helped just as well. 




 Bahahaha and very accurate. 




 Here in St. Louis we can buy beer and liquor at the same place any day we want. Moved to Warner Robins, GA for 2 weeks and it was the first time I ever saw where you could buy beer at the grocery store but not liquor. you also couldn't buy anything on Sunday so Saturday night was alcohol run nights. 




 We have this same thought about East St. Louis, IL. 




 Did you base your character Red Foreman off of anybody in particular? 




 It'll be a fuckin bloodbath. 




 Damn man i'm sorry. Went through something like this before just not to this extinct. Had a buddy pass out in the kitchen, and nobody could wake him up for anything. Called paramedics and turns out he had a heart defect he told no one about. Was torn up the rest of that day.

It sucks I know but I say go out and honor him even if you guys weren't that close. 




 Welcome back. Loved you on Scrubs and recently saw you on Jim Hensons Creature Shop. Question is: Who's your fave Muppet?   




 Oh yes I hate my chef whoa is me. Actually i'm the Chef and don't fall for the gluten free fad. Yeah if you have an actual medical condition that's fine but don't come to me asking for gluten free just cause it's the hip thing to do. 




 Leaving your ego and deflating your big head at the door. Those two things don't belong in any kitchen 

Now in light of what Chef McDouchebag said about not liking chef coats: If I'm ever in a kitchen like his please shoot me. When I have my coat on it feels me with pride knowing I'm doing what I love. He on the other hand sounds like he's trying to make up for a fuck up he once made. 




 Yes, absolutely do it. Not only will you learn a lot it'll look damn good on your resume. Good Luck and mist importantly have fun. 




 Almost had to go to the 10 second rule  




 Hiding a body for the mob. Shh... 




 As a yankee with southern blood I can say that means they're damn good. 




 Oh good God not with the gluten free shit. If you don't want to use butter please pack your knives and find a different job. 




 Care to elaborate? 




 If I was that other student I would have asked for the plate # of the bus you ran me over with. 




 If you don't enjoy it I say run. No use in doing something you don't enjoy doing. Good luck and hope you find something you love and stick with it. 




 Well thank God I know where the mute button is. Booker T is a great wrestler but him on the announce team is like nails on a chalkboard. 




 The money the owners are paying out for that could go for a new range w/o the BS. 




 My brother is an engineer with U.P. and he was telling us one time that there's a section of track here in St. Louis by Jefferson Barracks National Cemetary that has watch out for explosives sign posted. This is due to unearthed grenades and mines still possible in the area. 




 From the picture it looks like a Mom   Pop place so there is no way that's Kobe beef. If it was the food cost alone would be so much that they'd have to charge $25-$30 for the burger, and that's after the standard 30%-35% markup. Oh and those onion are way too thick.

Source: I'm a Chef. 




 Exactly! WTF is a tap chop? 




 I'd go with a dark colored mechanic like button-up shirt and anything but a denim apron. 
























 It wasn't me! You have no proof.

Wait....what are we talking about again? 




 How is that milkman? 




 Never heard of them until this sub but anything in 3mg. Also like seeing you're sending a bottle to a soldier as well. 




 Testing: Duracell 9V 




 It's horse meat. A medical journal said it so it must be true. 




 Sounds like a bunch of unknowns, mixed with a misguided medical journal, and ending on a somewhat positive note.

Also couldn't they find a better pic for it? lol   









 Oh God I have tears in my eyes. If I could give you more gold I would. 




 That must have been one hell of a nic fit afterwards. 




 That's what I started on back in culinary school. I'm so ashamed. 




 Local news down here in St. Louis had it on. Called it a popular place in the KC area. 




 It had so much potential but left me very disappointed. Hell the color is just one if many problems. 




 Oh it is and in the bathroom you can smell the smoker. 




 It's being recognized so I call this progress. 




 That would be it. 




 Thanks and like I said total noob question. lol 




 Posted 




 Example pic: http://i.imgur.com/XyoCQkP.jpg 




 Stupidest idea I've seen because last time I checked the thugs are still using live rounds. Also this is good for one round and surely a cop is going to shoot more than once. 




 I keep seeing pic after pic of coil builds with this Vaseline looking stuff surrounding them. What is this stuff and what is the purpose of it? 




 Well until they put you in the friend zone saying Fish are friends not food. 




 There's a vid around this sub some places of her fucking some Asian guy and she looks like shit. This is also the latest video of her known. 




 The bone-in smoked pork chops from Iron Barley. If it wasn't in such a shitty neighborhood(had a drug deal go down right in front of me) I'd go get it again. 




 That he should but sadly common sense is no longer common. 




 $100 on reached into the fryer. 




 The way you described it it sounds like a live action ratatouille. 




 This was the very first kitchen tricks that was passed down to me. One of those things you take and use it/pass it down for life. 




 Ahh ok thanks. 




 What juice is that? Label reminds me of froot loops. 




 Not what I'm asking but thanks for the info. 




 What the number display in there for if it's not viewable from outside the box? 




 Don't have kids yet but if I did I would much much rather hear that they're vaping instead of pill popping or drinking. 




 Has a Men In Black vibe to it. 




 Player 1 Press Start 




 Oh damn we hugged it to death. 




 Same here. 




 No, he's using the force to make them glow. 




 Went down the discounted items aisle at the grocery store and they had about 12 pez dispensers all  99 each. These were the only two Star Wars ones they had. 









 :'( Never Forget! 




 Barry White 









 Was it this one: http://www.wltx.com/story/news/2015/02/13/one-person-shot-at-magnolia-mall-in-florence/23389549/ 




 You don't have tell these women to get in the kitchen because they're already there. 




 We need a banana next to it. Ya know for reference. 




 Oh whew when I saw finale I thought for good not season finale. 




 True but Mark is either loved or hated depending on who you ask. 




 She single??? 




 I might get down voted like hell for this but I have to say #62. I will always remember where I was when the news was announced. I was at Lambert waiting on my brother's plane to land, and when they announced it over the PA system the place erupted in cheers. 




 With it being a small town I'm thinking funding for upkeep. 




 3-sided wet stone 




 Sounds like you got canned on the first night but then again it sounds like he's not sure about it. Shit I'm not even sure about it. 




 This on a shirt, I need. 




 Didn't he pull this before during the Extra Life stream? 




 Go to their page click on show in newsfeed and like a couple of their post. Problem solved.

Also can't look at the name and thinking Shit instead of Chit. 




 Any update on how the first night went? 




 In most kitchens cambros are the main storage containers for already prepped foods, stocks, and sauces. 




 I 2nd Chef Wear on the crazy ass designs. 




 TIL Warwick owned a great shirt and that there's a website called This Is Not Porn. 




 The movies are already planned so maybe the scripts are as well thus giving him material to work with. 




 "In St. Louis County, an ordinance passed in 1999 requires all people who handle, touch or prepare food at businesses such as restaurants, day care centers and schools to be vaccinated against hepatitis A."

Ok not state wide but it is county wide. 




 I know here in Missouri it"s mandatory that you get a Hep A shot of you're working around food. Thought it was Federal too. My mistake. 




 Was listening to him this morning and I didn't even know it was his birthday. 




 My thought exactly and last time I checked it was a federal law that you have to get a hep A shot if you work in a restaurant thus not making this possible. 




 Saying he has to close if you leave gives me the impression that he has no confidence in the place. 




 Hell I still remember everything about the Oklahoma city bombing and I was 7 at the time. Same goes for Columbine. 




 There's always vehicles being broken into up there along with houses. If there's ever a foot chase in Florissant it's usually in that area. Lived here all my life and my family has lived here for 60+. Also having a police scanner helps so I know about most of the stuff Florissant wants swept under the rug. 




 Trainwreck  Saloon in Westport. Sit back by the dancefloor and you have a great view of just about the whole place. 




 Max's Meats in Florissant has some good andouliee as does G W(I think that's what it's called.) 




 This and White Birch in Hazelwood are two great courses. 




 Make sure your car is clear of personal belongings. Might be a good course but not the safest park in Florissant. 




 The cocky lil bastards who are still green yet think they know more than you. 




 Double wrap it first. Plastic wrap and a latex glove works in a pinch too. 




 Actual country, hard rock, classic rock, and 50s pop/rock. 




 You working for Amy from Kitchen Nightmare aren't you? lol 




 Workman comp claim in 3..2..1. 




 It's called ramen noodles and dollar store. 




 So... basically you want us to create a burger for you where if it wins you take the credit and we get shafted? 

Umm yeeeeeah NO! 




 You sure said co-owner isn't either 1.) Related or goid friends with "Kevin" or 2.) Getting a kickback for having him on the books? 




 The usual flatware and plates. 




 I was thinking more along the lines of Peter Griffin's Who The Hell Cares. 




 Cut myself on a scale one time in Culinary School. Showed it to the Chef and he looks at me and asks how the fuck do you cut yourself on a scale? 




 Actually teared up seeing this posted. Even though GO, Let's Build, The Know, and Five Facts were posted earlier for some reason seeing this brought some sense of normalcy to me. 




 Hit up quizlet and search for servesafe. That should help with the refresher. 




 Heard it was a very limited run to test them and nothing became of it. 




 Damn learned something new today. 




 Great job. 




 The YouTube video announcing it just disappeared on me. Are they going ahead and doing sponsors only or what? 




 Feels like somebody punched me in the stomach. RIP Monty 




 TIL RT has a production truck. 




 Fried Tuna from a can. Put it in a skillet with no oil and some lemon pepper, cook for a couple minutes, and dump it in two pieces of wonder bread. 




 Well alright then. 




 Better hope she's can take a joke. If not better hope she doesn't get a receipt with that on it. 




 Hobart attachment is perfect for this job but since that's not an option I'd go with the first comment and get something from a hunting store like bass pro or Cabela's. 




 Great site an cheap as can be if you're a club member, but yeah any grinder from a hunting store is going to be a beast just about. 




 Most places I've seen have somebody on night shift come in to man the smokers or they have a pellet smoker outside with an automatic hopper. 




 I'm a 6'3" 375lb man and i'm sitting here in tears over this. Best wishes to Monty, his wife, the rest of his family, and the whole RT crew. 




 Well it has a mocha like flavor with a roasted coffee aroma so that's why I said it, and I'll be on the lookout for the Imperial Coffee Milk Stout. 




 Milk Stout Nitro by Left Hand Brewing

It was the first beer I finished a whole six-pack of. Plus it goes great with some chocolate chip cookies. 




 That awkward moment when you realize the story is worldwide. 




 Great movie and they need to add Chef and Whites to Netflix bother good shows IMO. 




 With her annoying ass too bad it didn't bite her tongue off. 




 ABC's of Death It was by far the worst movie I've ever seen. 




 Did CHL get a new name or something? 




 Reading that was like looking at a PowerPoint presentation sans clipart. 




 I have no clue wtf I just read here. 




 Hate to break it to ya but a mass majority of that is part of the job. It's a high stress think on your toes job which is why numerous cooks/chefs use drugs and alcohol to relieve said stress. Not saying you should at all but what I'm saying is if you're going to get depressed and pissed about this then maybe this industry isn't the right fit for you. 




 Thanks for pointing that out. From that it looks to me they found the card on the site and printed it out for themselves. 
























