









 [Escalated Quickly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh7tgX_Uaqs) 














 https://imgur.com/OJETX  




 I still love Lombardi's on Spring Street. 




 I really like your picture. Where's it taken from? 




 The benefit of these being your 1L grades is that you have 2 years to improve before you take the bar exam and start practicing. Your grades are not as terrible as I expected by reading your title but they are also not great. If you are not going to be able to raise them in the upcoming years I recommend getting involved in other activities at your school. Average grades can be offset by moot court participation, clinics, student organizations, etc. Also, depending on which activity or activities you choose, you may get real world experience that your peers won't have. 




 The video is better with the sound off. 




 I agree with you that cops are often dicks but generally for violations arrests you do not spend the night in jail but rather are given a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and told to appear in court a month later. As RuleLawyer said passing drugs is considered sale in NY but marijuana is specifically excluded from the definition of a narcotic or a controlled substance. It is charged differently. Also having weed or any other drug in a baggie is not intent to sell in itself. Police can always find a way to cause people problems but this makes it more difficult for them. 




 There seems to be a lot of confusion here. As of right now if you are found with a small amount of marijuana not in public view it is only a violation. If it is in public view it is a B Misdemeanor. For those of you that think this won't effect the NYPD's policing behavior you may be right but what is important is that it will lessen the effects. For example cops often claim they saw marijuana in public view after they illegally searched someone and found it in their pockets. A common lie is that they saw it in the person's hand and then they put it in their pocket or they threw it on the ground. They also do this when they illegally search cars, the officer will say it was clearly visible in the center console. Now these lies will not benefit them because whether or not it was public view the charge will only be a violation. For those of you that do not know NY law, a violation is not a crime and is sealed from your record after 1 year. 




 He's more than a jerk. He filed false police reports when he faked his own kidnapping and said that transit police were the ones who kidnapped him. He created multiple fake crimes and events to gain publicity. He's a media whore. 




 You do not have a right to withheld convictions or even arrests that were sealed, expunged, dismissed, etc. Most states have an exception that allows the bar access to those cases. And probably the worse thing that can happen is that the bar finds you lied to them on an application for admission. That being said it is very unlikely that something as minor as this, especially considering the low punishment and the rest of your circumstances, will prevent you from going to law school or practicing law. 









 I sympathize with criminal defense attorneys but as a criminal defense attorney I have an obvious bias. 




 The best part of that is when you try to organize it for them and then you get a phone call about how they can't find anything and that you broke their computer. 
























 That's not a problem with the disorderly conduct law; that is a problem with the police illegally applying the law. They had no cause to arrest these people nor many others that they do the same thing to. Unfortunately, the NYPD will rarely ever punish them but any citizen that does suffer this unconstitutional treatment can sue the NYPD and the city. There is also the Civilian Complaint Review Board and the Internal Affairs Bureau (both of which are usually useless). I recommend suing as your best bet.

I'd like to say that I don't see abuses of power often but that would be a lie. Almost every day I am court I see some level of abuse of power. It can range from outright lying on the stand to searching someone without cause. And for the record there is no law against dancing per se. 




 Okay this is a little tough to explain. Everyone in the justice system knows that disorderly conduct is a completely bullshit law. These people's charges were dismissed and based on the info provided in the article probably by the prosecutor before they even saw the judge. Most of the time in NYC if you are charged with only disorderly conduct the charges will be dismissed or you can receive an ACD (adjournment in contemplation of dismissal). An ACD means that if you do not get in trouble again for 6 months the charges are dismissed and sealed. 

Disorderly conduct has been challenged multiple times as unconstitutional but the courts have consistently upheld its validity. It is written in such a way that it does not violate the first amendment, according to the courts. 

As a defense attorney I am not so sure I want this statute to disappear. The reason for that is because it is only considered a violation which is not a crime under NY law. Often times when prosecutors can't or won't dismiss a bad case they will offer the disorderly conduct plea even when disorderly conduct has nothing to do with the original charges. Or sometimes they offer it even in a good case if there is a reason they feel the defendant does not deserve the punishment he or she is possibly facing. This plea allows your client to avoid a criminal record and avoid risking losing at trial. Some defense attorney are a little too willing to have their clients take these pleas but I can definitely say that there are times it is overwhelmingly beneficial for my client to take it. 

Here is some other information about it: http://newyorkcitydefense.com/disorderly-conduct-new-york.html
and http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/17/opinion/sunday/inside-the-warped-world-of-summons-court.html?smid=pl-share

I'd be happy to answer any questions I can about it.  




 It seems they were arrested for disorderly conduct, [New York Penal Law 240.20(5)](http://law.onecle.com/new-york/penal/PEN0240.20_240.20.html) . The NYPD does this all the time. The only difference here is that instead of young black or Hispanic males it was a middle aged white couple. 




 Well played sir. lol 




 [Technically Correct](http://i.qkme.me/35p5ss.jpg) . Sorry I can't help it; it's the lawyer in me. 




 There isn't a plaintiff in any criminal case. 




 Las Vegas? 




 There is [Pacer](http://www.pacer.gov/) but I am pretty sure that a case that old won't be on Pacer but you can request case information from the court [Document Retrieval](http://www.mad.uscourts.gov/caseinfo/records-search.htm)  




 He really lived up to the stereotype too: "Haines never returned to film and instead started a successful interior design business with his life partner and was supported by friends in Hollywood." 




 [Here](http://time-az.com/images/2007/07/20070705-MichelineBernardini01.jpg) 




 I am much more disturbed by the other two incidents than this one. This one seems to be set off by a non race related reason: "he was stopped by U.S. border patrol agents after residual radiation from a medical procedure hed recently undergone triggered an alarm at a checkpoint" 




 I'm not sure if you are joking but I don't think that's her in the picture. It looks like a mannequin. 




 [It might be a tumor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BANkMaLJaY4) 




 Fun fact: The Tom's Diner Suzanne Vega named the song after is the same diner that Seinfeld used for the outside of Monk's Cafe. And it is actually called Tom's Restaurant. It's on the corner of 112th and Broadway. 









 The artist is [Julian Beever](http://www.julianbeever.net/) 





























 There are very few if any states that operates under the common law for criminal law. Many of the statutes are based on the common law but the crimes are defined in a penal code. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyMgyn6V4yI 




 It wasn't that he smoked in his youth but: "It was Ginsburg's continued use of marijuana after graduation and as a professor that made his indiscretions more serious in the minds of many Senators and members of the public." Not that I agree with that mindset but it is a distinction. 




 I doubt he drove Al Capone's getaway car for the St. Valentine's Day Massacre because Capone was not there. He was in [Miami](http://learning.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/02/14/feb-14-1929-al-capone-gang-wages-st-valentines-day-massacre/) at the time and used that as his alibi.  




 They are named. The city pays the costs on their behalf. 




 Goodbye [Kodachrome](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/30/us/30film.html). Your [nice bright colors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZpaNJqF4po) will be missed. 




 There are tons of civil suits against the police. The NYC Law department has the pay out and defense of lawsuits factored into its budget. It has little to no effect on the individual cops and the city doesn't seem to care either. We need individual cops to suffer legitimate consequences such as losing their jobs, paying for the lawsuits themselves, and having charges pressed against them. 




 No one is defending the killing of the animals and that is not protected speech. Banning the possession, sale, or distribution of such materials does not extinguish the market. For reference think about the ban on child pornography and drug prohibition. Those markets will exist regardless of their legality. And this market seems much smaller than those. 

While the death of an animal is not treated the same as a human why should the video of the death be banned? If a video of someone being tortured and killed is distributed it is not illegal regardless if the person is caught or not. Again, not to mention that many of the videos that fell into the illegal category under the law were not these horrible crush videos. If PETA was to distribute on their website videos of dog fights to encourage people to take action against such abuses than an over zealous prosecutor could have used the original law to prosecute them. The original law was too broad and the Supreme Court agreed. 




 Actually it is not ridiculous. The case was decided by the Supreme Court in an [8-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Stevens) decision. The law that it invalidated did not ban the making of such videos (that is already illegal throughout the USA) but banned the possession, distribution, etc. So every single person in this thread who ever accidentally downloaded one of these videos would have been in violation of that law. The law tried to make animal cruelty videos equivalent to child pornography which it of course was not. It was an unconstitutional restriction on free speech. In the [case](http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/united-states-v-stevens/) that was actually decided by the Supreme Court, the defendant compiled and sold dog fighting footage but took no part in the actual dog fighting. The law was so broad that videos that groups like PETA distributed could have violated it. It would seem weird to me that videos of people being killed can be legally distributed but not of animals being killed.

The law that Obama signed was designed to fix the constitutional issues and to avoid an over broad interpretation. 









 While that is true the spin used is "you are paying for valuable real life experience that will lead to employment opportunities after school and you get school credit too." 




 That's why most unpaid internships offer something in return, just not money. The most common example being school credit. 




 How I view Redditors who steal other people's [work](http://imgur.com/TUMZH)  




 That's correct. It would not retroactively nullify the decisions already made but as a practical matter those decisions would be easier to overturn on appeal than normal. 




 Supreme Court justices can be impeached. I believe that only one justice has ever been impeached, [Samuel Chase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Chase). 




 Dancing by itself is not considered disorderly conduct. The police in this story had no reason to arrest the couple. But there can be times that dancing or other usually innocent activities could be seen as disorderly conduct. A quick example would be dancing in the middle of Broadway during rush hour risking car accidents and delaying traffic. 




 No, it has not. I'm not really sure what you are getting at. 
























 While it is true that one could argue that the occupants are at risk of great bodily harm most states require more than the fact that someone broke into the home to prove that. 




 No. They could only shoot him if there was a threat of death or great bodily harm. So if he was not armed and ran when he saw them then it would not be legal to shoot him but if he was armed with a gun and they shot him then it would be legal. States do different on these laws though. 




 Then you get charged with murder. Well manslaughter more likely but still not a wise decision.

*edited for grammar 




 ["Did it ever occur to you it could be turned off and drip at the same time?"](http://www.cornel1801.com/video/Cousin-Vinny/lovevideo.html) 




 That's more than understandable. Feel free to PM if you'd like or ignore me lol. 




 Your parents subscribed to that method of parenting? What was it like? I don't mean to pry too much but I find the perspective of the now adult who was raised that way very interesting. Unfortunately most of my young clients I never see again so I do not know what happens to them or I see them again and again as they get in more serious trouble as they get older. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. I can't even explain how infuriating it is when I get a young client because of some minor infraction that occurred in school. Often times the school safety agent acts as a judge, jury, and executioner and roughs up my client before placing him/her (mostly minority boys) under arrest. The thing this article leaves out though is the staggering number of parents who use the criminal justice system to discipline their children. There seems to be an increasing number of parents that call the police on their children for such minor things as fighting with their siblings, getting caught smoking marijuana, breaking something out of anger, etc. I acknowledge the fact that there are situations where it is necessary to get police involved even with children but the standard for that has lowered. A growing number of parents do not want to raise their children; they want someone else to do it for them. They choose the police, judges, etc. to effect discipline but are completely unaware or unsympathetic to the horrors their children face. Prison can be a scarring experience, even being stuck in jail for one night can do serious damage. Let's not forget missing school, becoming a social pariah, and getting criminal records. The list is endless. Don't blame TV, video games, etc. when your kids no longer trust you and do everything they can to avoid home. 









 This isn't recent news. This article is from 2009.

*edited for grammar 




 Rarely does anyone get jail time for prostitution in NY unless they were the pimps or had lengthy rap sheets. And as much as I hate prosecutors the majority of in court assistant district attorneys are low level nobodies with high law school debts and average pay, not the movers and shakers you apparently think they are. Their bosses may be though. 




 You do realize that it was a lot more than inconvenience for a few customers, right? And that this is not his first time in trouble or the first time he has been/will be sentenced to prison? And although you think justice is not intended to make examples of people that has long been accepted as a motive for sentencing people, the deterrence of others. In fact it is a factor that federal judges are required to consider in their sentencing determinations, "to afford adequate deterrence to criminal conduct." [18 U.S.C.  3553(a)(2)(B)](http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/uscode/18/II/227/A/3553). I agree a life sentence is too harsh but it is also unlikely for him to get a life sentence. I also agree that this judge should recuse herself to avoid the appearance of injustice whether it would exist or not. 









 You remembered correctly. [Here](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-03-21/suit-against-new-york-law-school-dismissed-by-state-court-judge.html) is some information about it and some more [here](http://abovethelaw.com/2012/03/breaking-class-action-lawsuit-against-new-york-law-school-dismissed/). 









 The article is a little confusing because it does not appear he was fighting for his right to be tried as the article claims because he is no longer being held and no charges were ever brought against him. He won the ability for his lawsuit against the government to go forward. When you sue someone you always have to demonstrate standing and damages. That being said it is terrible what the government did to him and I hope he wins. 




 Ah yes I should only let you make serious statements in /r/funny. I actually practice criminal law so enjoy whatever class you're still stuck in. And good luck trying to argue common law in motions and in front of a judge when he is going to defer to how courts have interpreted the statutes. I'm sure arguing about malice aforethought for a murder charge based on a statute involving intent will go over real well.  




 But that is only true for the minority of jurisdictions and for the rest that's incorrect. That statement implies that the criminal common law is still followed while statutes supplement it. When in reality the penal codes (statutes) completely replaced the common law in the majority of jurisdictions. 
























 Why would all the court officers leave these people alone in a room? 









 What advice would you give to identify the good ones? 




 And thank you for yours. It is nice to have a civil discussion about a serious issue. 




 I do think it is a little funny that you mention the monetary interest because I am a public defender at the moment in a jurisdiction that pays me a salary, not based on the number of cases I have. In other words it is not in my interest to have more cases or more clients. Not all advice from attorneys comes from their interest in being paid. Unfortunately, there are many attorneys whose advice is based upon how much money they can make. It is something that sickens me.

Obviously, I do not know where you were an officer but unfortunately my experience has not been the same as yours. I wish what you said about officer discretion working in the public's favor most of the time was true in my jurisdiction. I do not think it is. 




 While I do understand where you are coming from I stand by my original advice. Having those charges dropped or reduced could just as easily have occurred after you receive an attorney without any chance of incriminating yourself even unknowingly. If a person is innocent then having an attorney can go a long way to showing that. The risk of saying the wrong thing even if you did not do it is too high. Like you said there are innocent people who are convicted of crimes based on speaking with the police. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. Please stop talking to the police when you are suspected of a crime, brought in for questioning, etc. The police may make promises to you, they may lie to you, and they may pretend to be your best friend. They are not your friends, they can break promises, and they legally can lie. You are not going to be able to talk your way out of it. Ask for an attorney and then remain silent. It never ceases to amaze me how many of my clients confess their hearts out the police or give information that hurts their cases. It is one of the few things TV and movies have correct; talking to the police will hurt your defense. 




 What is your job? Choose one piece of advice based on it. Why is that advice important? 




 People like this always amaze me. He was pro-police and took pictures of them doing things to other people with no problem but now that it effects him he sees the truth. 




 Race came into play because the all white (or almost all white) privileged lacrosse team was accused of raping a poor black woman and calling her racial slurs. The DA used this to stir up racial tension in order to win the black community's vote to get reelected. He was later disbarred as a direct result of how he handled this case. Race played a major part in the case.

I personally do not think the ad went far enough to be considered defamatory under the law but it is not exactly as clear cut as you portray it. This line in particular sticks out to me: "These students are shouting and whispering about what happened to this young woman and to themselves." It clearly implies that something bad happened to her and less specifically indicating the crime committed against her. Some people were actually accused of this so to say that it happened is to say that the charges are against them are at least partially true. We now know beyond a reasonable doubt that the accusations were a complete fabrication.

The ad was also a timing issue. These professors chose to exploit this situation as if it absolutely happened. And some of them were also proven to have made statements and taken actions well beyond the ad which led many to believe that reading the ad in the most negative light was appropriate. For example, one of the professors failing two of the lacrosse students without good [cause](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_of_88#Duke_students_and_faculty). 

To say that this was not related to the lacrosse players and the rape charges is to ignore the context this ad appeared in. While again I do not think it rises to the level of defamation I absolutely believed this was aimed at the lacrosse players and ignored innocent until proven guilty. There was an assumption that the woman's story was true and it clearly was not. 




 [Here](http://today.duke.edu/showcase/mmedia/pdf/socialdisasterad.pdf) (PDF) is a link. 




 I was speaking more in generalities that making false statements about a group or business can still be considered defamation. I haven't looked at the actual advertisement the professors took out in many years. I just reread it [now](http://today.duke.edu/showcase/mmedia/pdf/socialdisasterad.pdf) (PDF). It is arguable that parts of it falsely implied that the lacrosse players were perpetrators of a crime. It would have be an interesting case. 




 While you cannot successfully be sued for "condemning" a company you can absolutely be sued for defamation by them if you were to make false accusations about them. Defamation applies to businesses as well as individuals and before this becomes an issue, this has been true well before the Citizens United decision. 




 Yeah calling someone a racial slur is equivalent to being slandered across the country with a false rape accusation, being charged with rape, and facing the possibility of years in prison. Completely fair. 




 A lawsuit is different than criminal charges. You do not have to commit a crime in order to be successfully sued. I do not remember the specifics of the petition but if it wrongfully accused the players of crimes they did not actually commit (which I think it did) then a lawsuit for defamation is more than appropriate. 




 This is why it is so terrible that prosecutors have immunity. We will not see true justice done until that protection is removed. 




 The New York Daily News is not usually considered a right-leaning newspaper unlike the New York Post. The Post is also more well known for their sensationalistic and sometimes humorous headlines. But both papers tend to do whatever convinces people to buy their slowly dying medium. 
























 Requesting an extension from the court to reply to a motion does not guarantee you get that extension. It is common practice for both sides to agree to an extension either while attempting to resolve the issue without the need for further litigation or as a common courtesy (after all you may be the one requesting the extension next time). Six times is excessive but from the wording of the article it appears the extension was on consent from Microsoft and Google: "Smith says that Microsoft and Google won't agree to any more extensions." 




 You're welcome. As a public defender maybe this [site](http://whatthepublicdefender.tumblr.com/) will cheer you up if you have not already seen it. 





























 Almost everything you said was correct. Yes, it would have an official court date and while it could be a summons it was more likely a DAT. It does not really matter though because it has the same effect in having you appear in court. The statute actually allows for 3 months in prison, not 90 days. That is important because it can actually be more or less than 90 days depending on what month you get sentenced. Probation would be 1 year, not 3. 3 years is for an A Misdemeanor. You were charged with a B Misdemeanor. Regardless, you were still eligible for a MACD if you had no prior record. I hope that is what you ended up with if the case was not outright dismissed. I absolutely believe it cost you $750. More importantly I agree that the marijuana laws are outdated and unnecessarily harsh. 




 A couple of things about this. First, you were facing up to 3 months in prison, not 6. It would be highly unlikely for you to get any prison time if you were convicted. If you had no prior convictions on your record and you were only charged with the marijuana you were eligible for a Marijuana Adjournment in Contemplation of Dismissal (MACD). An MACD means that if you don't get in trouble for a year your case is dismissed and sealed without any conviction or guilt. Simple possession is not a "citation" but a violation, less than a misdemeanor and not considered a criminal charge under NY law. Also, you probably received a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and not a citation to appear in court. Finally, the cops illegally searched and seized you (arguably) but unfortunately we all know how hard it is to prove the truth when the officers will lie about what happened. 




 I will try to clear up a lot of confusion that is present here. The article is misleading. First, the charges will be the same but until now for a misdemeanor marijuana arrest the police had the option of either holding someone until they saw a judge (sometimes that may take until the next day or two) or issuing him/her a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT). A DAT gives you a court date that you will have to appear in the future (usually a month away) but allows you to walk out of the precinct as soon as the police are done processing you. Until now, depending on the cop, your record, and other factors you may have ended up being held or being issued a DAT. The NYPD actually fills out a form (like everything else) showing how they determined why or why not a person deserved a DAT. It is a useless form for the most part because it was still mostly subjective. 

Now, the new policy will be that any one charged with misdemeanor marijuana possession and only misdemeanor or violation marijuana possession and has no outstanding warrants they will received a DAT. You still face the same criminal charges and the same possible jail time, probation, etc. if you plead guilty or are convicted at trial. The Governor, apparently now backed by Bloomberg, is trying to have the current misdemeanor charge for marijuana changed to a violation but he has so far failed to get it past the legislature. The big difference that is not mentioned in the article is the issue of bail. As long as you show up on the correct date it is incredibly rare a judge sets bail on a DAT whereas a regular arraignment may end with bail being set depending on many factors. Being stuck in jail because a person cannot make bail is more likely to lead to that person taking a guilty plea to get released rather than fight the case. Feel free to ask me any questions. I will do my best to answer. 














 The burden does not shift but a presumption may apply depending on the jurisdiction. For example in NY when there is a refusal there is a presumption of intoxication. The prosecutor still has to prove the element of driving but a jury can presume the intoxication without the prosecutor presenting any further evidence than the refusal. The U.S. Supreme Court has unfortunately said that this does not shift the burden and it is constitutional.  




 Yes a portable breathalyzer test is only enough to generate probable cause but the officer's observations and any statements she made or the officer testifies to her making can be enough to convict without a breathalyzer test. Especially based on this story I would not put it past the officers saying she refused the regular breathalyzer test. 

I can't speak about "the vast majority of states" but I will speak about the states I have worked in and the judge cannot throw out the charges because there is no breathalyzer result. And you can be convicted. The officer will testify to this "When we arrived on the scene she smelled of alcohol, had been in accident, slurred her speech, was belligerent, incorrectly identified the street she was on, etc." Then they will say she refused the breathalyzer test. And now you have a cop's word against her word. Very possible to get a conviction.

Probable cause is enough for an arrest. That's actually what you need to arrest someone. You may being thinking of "reasonable suspicion" to stop a car, approach her, or ask her questions. 




 Actually this is not true. Many states go forward with prosecutions when there is a breathalyzer refusal. It does amaze me how many people on here are so quick to blame the lawyer when they do not know anything about what state this took place in and what the law is there. 




 It differs by each state. Some states can charge you with a presumption of DUI if you refuse to take a breathalyzer test. That leaves you with a jury being instructed that there is a presumption you were drunk that you now have to overcome. Even though I find such presumptions completely unconstitutional the Supreme Court says they are fine. 




 [One Night in New York City by The Horrorist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnXT4za4h9c) 





























 As a criminal defense attorney I think this goes both ways. Whenever there is any type of forensic evidence the jurors think, because of these shows, that it is unquestionably accurate and impossible to overcome. I then have the responsibility to try to climb that mountain by poking holes in the prosecution's experts and/or providing my own experts. What ends up happening is I have to convince a bored jury, with preconceived notions, of the flaws in the methods, etc. No matter how many times a judge instructs the jury that I have no burden whenever forensic evidence is presented it is as if the burden automatically shifted. I also really hate these shows for perpetuating the myth of "legal technicalities" and for other things like if you aren't read your Miranda rights that your case is automatically dismissed. It is infuriating. 



















 I strongly disagree with you. There is a significant difference. The video is a duplication of the original. The prosecutor and police had the same ability to get a copy but did not do their due diligence. The defense attorney is not required to provide evidence to convict his client to the prosecutor. In fact, it would be malpractice to do so. Even in the murder weapon example you use the attorney would have to turn over the weapon but could not say how he came into possession of it. To not turn it over would be to hide the evidence since it is the original and only version. Here, the defense attorney never had the original, did not destroy the original, and is entitled to refuse to turn over a copy of his copy. 









 Just for future reference there is a closer prison and it is not a federal prison. The Manhattan Detention Complex, commonly referred to as [The Tombs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tombs), is located at 125 White Street which is right next to the criminal court. 


































 While I feel your post is insulting by inferring that I am not a good lawyer, I have decided to answer you because, besides the presentation of your questions, your questions are valid. I do not at any time during my representation of client, no matter the client, want them to get any less than the best possible outcome. If at any time that I continue to represent them and I change that outlook I cannot possibly give them the best available defense because I would have to actively work against my own personal view. How can I possibly give my defense of client all I can if at the same time I want them to be convicted? I anticipate that you will claim that this is my inability to make "mental distinctions" but I think you are kidding yourself if you think anyone can under those circumstances.

You said "This does not mean that in my capacity as a defense attorney I should let my suspicion of the client's wrongdoing lead me to botch his or her defense, but were I a lawyer, my existence could be justified only on the basis that I am firmly and fully committed to the idea that justice should prevail" I strongly believe, as do most defense attorneys that I have discussed these issues with, that justice can only prevail if I fight my hardest within the boundaries of the law regardless of the circumstances. It is the role of the jury and/or judge (depending on the case and jurisdiction) to determine guilt or innocence (not guilt). To want anyone to be convicted would distort my role and usurp their roles.

You seem to be under the impression that I do not think anyone deserves prison or to be convicted. I am well aware that some of my clients got the exact punishment they deserve but that is not something I contemplate until I no longer represent them. The only judgments I make of my client while I represent them are the ones that are necessary to provide the best defense. Examples include judging the chances of a successful trial or how he/she may appear if he/she testifies or does not testify.

I would also like to point out, as you have admitted, you are not a lawyer. You cannot fully understand what it is actually like in these situations without having the personal experience. It is easy to tell me what I should or should not do without having to do it yourself. I'd love to see you look a client in the eye, someone who you were assigned to represent, someone who does not know you, does not trust you, and the public and a giant government system have already found guilty pretrial, and tell him/her that you will do everything that is within your capacity to defend them while in the back of your head you hope the justice system convicts him/her. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. I have never wanted any of my clients to be committed no matter how guilty he/she may be and no matter how serious the crime alleged. Any attorneys that want their clients convicted should not being representing those clients. It is my job to represent my client to the best of my ability regardless of the crime alleged. Once you forget that it is time for you to retire or change practices. We are an essential part of the justice system and it is important that we uphold our clients' constitutional rights. We have incredible weights on our shoulders; the system would be an even bigger failure if we acted in any other fashion. 





























