 He picked his words carefully. He is playing politics and hopefully he will pave the way for more libertarians 




 It's not that big of a mess really. The only thing that fucked was MCC. Everything else is going according to plan. Halo isn't dead and our hurts the franchise when people and YouTubers like that Dobbins kid keep bashing halo and saying its dead.  




 Yeah. But this is the story about how the general population finds out. The halo universe is about to be flung into chaos worse then the covie war 




 I think the point was to hook casual players on the lore. Good job to them.  




 I love capaldi. The Moff stated he is altering the writing a bit so hopefully we'll get some stellar stories 




 That was a joke. I know that all don't believe that. And I doubt he does. 




 How the fuck do you only make 500 a month? Please explain 




 I don't think he does believe that. If he does, he's never said it.  




 Libertarians don't hate poor people. Especially not more than crony republicans.  




 Don't forget rap battles every Tuesday.. 




 This question is asked legit every other day. Please use the search bar 




 I'd vote for him over any of the other candidates. He actually has values and conviction. As a libertarian, he's a step in the right direction.  




 I think that's a prereq for republicans lmao. My concern is him shoving it down throats, he stated he won't because it conflicts with his ideology of state and individual rights  




 Essentially this sub. The republican party needs a reform of its going to win shit though. Rand Paul is easily the best candidate by a long shot. Especially when you compare him to the political jokes that are Bush, Cruz, and Clinton 




 Nice work. Great legs 




 I could remove myself the situation, but it wouldn't make logical sense to do so. My issue isn't with paying taxes altogether, it's when the government spends it on stupid shit that detriments the nation. I shouldn't have to move to a third world country to avoid paying the money the government uses to blow billions of dollars. 

What he is saying is like saying: "if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear"  




 You missed my point in its entirety. But okay 




 Are you kidding me? Your telling me I have to renounce my citizenship, leave my family, and leave my nation to stop paying taxes? Well shoot. That doesn't sound voluntary or make any logical sense. 

Either way, point being, is that if you are an American citizen, you are *forced* to pay taxes. Required by law = force.  




 I'm being forced to pay my money to the government; money that is supposed to go for legitimate shit. Not some politicians Island getaway, not for people to go the fucking movies, and certainly not for an overspending, money wasting pentagon. 




 Don't be ridiculous. Many many people in this community asked for ODST.  




 Exactly. My tax dollars shouldn't go to your R R poor or rich 




 Yeah. For he'll pay for revealing the truth 




 Feels.  




 I really don't understand how a triple A game studio can have horrible spelling 




 Shit. I misread your response. I thought you meant that in the book it's a sneak attack.  




 I like his new armor as well. But they would have had to model his old suit for only a couple of missions.  




 I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS. SIX IS ALIVE.  




 The way it was portrayed in Reach could have easily been a sneak attack. Plus for civilians, Reach was a simple farming planet for the most part. Although it did have big cities like Alexandria.  




 They should make their own campaign after this. 




 Ah but that wouldn't be as interesting or fun. Plus they have to get across and flesh out some of John's backstory from a different perspective, the fact that ONI are massive dickbags, and the theme of "do the ends justify the means?" somehow.

 I'm still hoping new info gets added to the mix rather then simply adding new info in terms of smaller details like Ellie being the starry night girl. 




 My thinking is that with halo 5, both sides of the coin are justified in some way. ONI because they did what was necessary to win and did what was right for morale, everyone else and John because it's morally deplorable. So we'll have that theme of "do the ends justify the means?" 




 Yeah. It's still interesting to listen to though. To hear the civie side of things and what ONI did to cover shit up. Hopefully we'll get some new info in the coming weeks. 




 Karldar. Lmao. I love it 




 Just so you so you know. The government can legit censor the internet now that it's a "public utility" the last thing we want is internet censorship 




 He can't help the way he looks. Jeez 




 I used to love this show 




 Need more. Do other trailers 




 Wizard much? 




 Seriously fuck that bitch. 




 I think it's time to remix this shit and autotune it.  




 In the first cut scene and the last. Locke tells him himself. 




 I'm going to go with the H2a cutscenes.  




 The difference between chief and Locke is that chief was a robot. Trained and brainwashed to obey orders since age 6. They won't refuse. The thing with the 4's is that they are human, thus subject to the things they make them so. 

I agree we haven't seen enough of Locke to judge, but he will obey orders without question. But we see him with a strong sense of duty, morals, and honor. Most ONI don't have that. So it's hard to say and he could go either way at this point. 




 /u/ratidiot. There are many differences between Locke and Chief. Locke had no part in any of that ONI bullshit. Literally, he is a hunter and a hit man for ONI. I'll copy and paste from waypoint:

 Locke, however, still blamed the government for failing to defend his homeworld. Arriving at the conclusion that the UNSC was incapable of protecting anyone else, he struck out on his own and became a freelancer, selecting and hunting targets of his own volition.

 While his actions were unconventional and motives born of dissent, they eventually caught the eye of the Office of Naval Intelligence. With some very specific roles in mind for the rough but talented youth, ONI approached Locke with an offer: come home and let us train you to be even better. Finally sensing an opportunity to find greater purpose, Locke found the strength to let go of his resentment, and entered an extensive training program.

He was a dissenter before, and did not like ONI. If they ask him to do something like kill innocents, or something that violates his morals. He won't do it. Hard evidence? In nightfall when his team member approached him about screwing over everyone else, he vehemently refused even though he could have died and CONSISTENTLY stuck to his morals that entire time. You think he's going to abandon his morals because some asshole in ONI (whom he had resented) ordered him too? Not likely.

If he is after chief, he really believes chief to be in the wrong. I can't even imagine Locke and Chief being black and white enemies. Locke is definitely NOT an ONI lapdog. He might do what they say, but he has limits, plus a dark side to do what needs to be done if he thinks it's for the greater good.  




 Move on and improve. She obviously doesn't care about you. If you stay she'll only do it again. 




 His character itself. Looking at him in nightfall, he was very moral. Someone like that doesn't agreeably do things that conflict with it 




 In a way, yes. But his character is a bit more complex then simply a lapdog. He does what he does for ONI because he feels it is morally right, when that feeling goes away. He questions his superiors.  




 *Flawed legacy* as a title in the Halo 2 soundtrack. Just so happens that master chiefs legacy has been a bit flawed and doctored up by ONI as evident by the h2 promo pic.

HALOUMINATI CONFIRMD. 









 Palmer is seriously an ONI lapdog that generally doesn't question orders. Plus Del Rio was doing the yelling in that situation and he's not ONI. When ONI told palmer to kill Halsey, she went all out lap dog, hanging tongue and all. 

On the other hand, Locke is a realist with strong morals. He does what he's told by ONI without question for the most part. 




 Fucking dope 




 True.  




 Fuck yes. Powerstroke master race 





























 I want to. But I have no money coupled with a stacked reading list as it is. I was wondering who on this sub is getting it tomorrow. 


































 Me and my buddy were arguing about the relationship of light years in distance and time. Whether time is related to light years. I was in favor of time being related because I thought the distance of a lightyear was measured by the distance light would travel in a year, so my title would be correct. Am I stupid? 






















































 Is there a comprehensive timeline of all halos events?

I'm confused with the spartan III program. After watching HaloFollowers video, I'm curious whether the S4 program overlaps with the S3s, at that point, what would be the point of having two spartan programs at the same time, looking at you Delta company. 

How many S4s are out there? Same with S3s? It says many got assigned to various branches, and other types of teams like Noble Team exist? If so, do we have any info on them? 




 Josh Holmes confirmed this via twitter. Some of the best times were had getting different armor permutations and customizing my spartan to be unique. This hurts the longevity of the franchise; halo was the only FPS that allowed you to totally alter your appearance to be unique to you.

https://twitter.com/JoshingtonState/status/549728159935913984

https://twitter.com/JoshingtonState/status/532768205715304448

 




 They've said that the arena is only a small part of the game and they have much bigger multiplayer and co-op experiences. They have also said that this is the largest halo game yet. I'd like if the capacity of custom games and gamemodes was something like MAG. 

If you don't know what MAG is, it stands for Massive Action Game and featured huge battles with 256 players. All other game modes would be still be possible 









 Halo 5 needs to have unprecedented custom game options and an amazing forge. Here is my list of things that will foster a great community, amazing games, laughs, and memories. Some of these are features have been in past halo games and were successful; and they should be expanded upon. If these features are implemented, we will see a return of machinima, customs, clans, forgers, and much more content creation. 

- **Easy, fluid UI**. Take Reach for example and add some handy features from 4. I should be able to view who is in my friends game and what they are doing. Plus join in progress option for custom games. And not buggy as hell for fucks sake.

- **clan system**. For the love of God, give us some way to organize our group of friends or clan. This is vital to many players. A way to search and find clans would be great

- **many custom game options**. We should be able to alter the game to our liking for customs. 

- **The forge needs to be amazing**. Big forge maps. Large budget etc etc. Bigger pallet, more vehicles, etc, etc. Creativity is key in all of this. It was suggested that there should be a PC map editor and creator that let's you create awesome detailed maps, then upload to Xbox.

- **More theater and HD capture options**

- **custom games browser or customs matchmaking** even the ability to rent a server would be sweet. 

- **working and active file browser system**  there needs to be something to show off and display peoples work. Whether that be screenshots, maps, videos, or gametypes. I should be able to search users, tags, titles, maps, and gametypes to find content, and you should be able to upload videos that you make in the upload studio and machinima videos to the file browser. Allow for checking file shares pre-game also. This should be available on launch.

I want to go onto halo waypoint.com or forge hub and click a download button, and have it pop up on my Xbox in my stored files.

- this one is the most controversial. **loadouts and armor abilities for custom games** they were always fun to use in mini games and added a fun dynamic to custom games, they did add strategic elements to BTB games. However i do not want them in the arena. I'd also like to be able to alter the power and range of the spartan abilities.

These have no affect on matchmaking or the arena at all and I'd like to know what the community thinks about this. Hopefully 343 can implement these features. 




 I thoroughly enjoyed this series and the insight into the development process; gave us a look into how hard it is to make the games. Toward the end, Josh Holmes said that this is the "biggest halo game to date", so they must have a lot in store for halo 5. It would also be cool to see the size of 343 and halo's development process if we see more sprint again. 









 They could do seasonal/biseasonal storylines. Imagine playing as Johnson on harvest or during his S1 days. ODST 2? Or maybe develop John some more by playing as him during the insurrection or a pivotal mission, or even Locke in a spy thriller type thing.

 If they switched it from a firefight hybrid to a full on weekly episodic campaign with cutscenes built in, it would be amazing. With a good couple months between seasons to hype people, it would give thousands of people a reason to start up halo 5 while covering cool canon in the process.

343 pls 




 It is an amazing idea for halo and e-sports. HCS could very well grow halo into a top e sports game again, similar to CoD, DOTA, LoL. It will take a couple years but I can see it happening with halo 5. 




 I've been seeing many redditors say various things about Halo 5, and i do not think there has been an in depth analysis of the gameplay done yet; so here is mine. People were attracted to Halo because it was **competitive and fun**. It allowed people to be creative and bond with others while random objects hurled at you as you struggled to keep balance; then go hardcore competitive on Guardian and fuck people up. Halo 4 failed in both of these regards. This is why I think Halo 5 will be a *quality* Halo game. Although, people will still get pissed off, this has happened with all of the Halo's.

I believe Halo 5 to be the opposite of CoD so let me explain why the game will be a Halo game. I get where most of you are coming from because i was skeptical as well, and of course there are things I don't like and want removed, but the game itself will be competitive and will have a skill gap. It appears to me many didn't look at the gameplay, pro reviews, and vidocs before drawing to conclusions. Although it's possible to dislike the gameplay for various reasons, disliking it for being CoD or casual is where you are wrong. Halo 4 was more Call of Duty than Halo 5 is... by a long shot.

Putting the H5 gameplay on the same level as Call of Duty is absolutely ridiculous; Destiny, Call of Duty, Halo 4, and Titanfall couldn't be further apart from this game. Everything Halo 4 did goes against Combat dynamic that exemplified the previous games. Halo 5 simply does not, it alters it, yet sticks to the values of a Halo game. Plus there are many other things that makes a Halo game other than multiplayer, like campaign which will be nothing short of stellar. 

There is a reason Halo fell out of mainstream popularity by mid halo 3 and people jumped ship to Call of Duty. The gameplay became stale and slow, not because CoD was easier. Then Bungie went and changed it in all the wrong places... at that point 343 continued this trend with Halo 4. And from a market perspective, they had to learn from halo 4 or else they wouldn't have a decent fanbase and their effort null; simple economics. Thus the reason why they hired pro players to advise development around the game; they ***NEED*** h5 to be competitive and fun. So the last thing they are going to make is a no-skill casual game, but a game casuals can enjoy non the less. And they wouldn't just keep the pro's around as PR because it is a waste of money and the pro's wouldn't want to be apart of an organization where they are being used. 

At the moment and for the foreseeable future, there will not be a new good arena (not CoD style) shooter on the market until halo 5, which halo has on lockdown (pun intended lel). It's clearly the corner of the market they are pursuing and rightly so. To get Halo back to where it should be (on top), they need to evolve the gameplay while retaining that arena style, which they (finally) understand. You wanna look at a cash cow, look at CoD. At least 343 cares about the community.

**Mechanics and Values**

Alright, time to get mechanical. When you look at Halo, what makes it great? What makes halo different from all of the rest and not like a CoD game or any of the sort? It boils down to Halo's core values as an arena shooter, something CoD is not; CoD is an arcade shooter. So to make a successful Halo game, it cannot violate a simple core.


**The core values are:**

1. - map control 
2. - power weapon control
3. - skill gap (challenging gameplay)
4. - equal starts 
5. - competitive environment 
6. - Strategic thinking
7. - risk  reward decision making 
8. - simplicity 
9. - fluid map movement

Halo 5 meets every single one of these requirements and I can explain why. 1, 2, 4, 5 are evident by the spartan chatter, power weapon counters, and equal loadouts. The chatter and counters are going to make players more aware of the map and general environment; map and weapon control will be more prevalent in this game then in past Halo's, forcing casuals to be more competitive if they want to win rather than just walking around the map throwing nades and shooting, making them invest time and effort in the game and turning casuals into hardcore fans. 
 
I'll explain further, competitive environment: the game is introducing spartan chatter and weapon counters, changes making the game more accessible... yes. But competitively accessible, so people will be more involved with the game and teamwork will be fostered creating a skill gap and challenging gameplay; which is what halo is all about correct? Currently, most players will walk around the map with no conscious direction. Now more players will be aware of the map and power weapons, causing more fun and tactical carnage. Other factors play into this, these aren't isolated values.

Next is strategic thinking, combine the competitive environment with the movement abilities you will get people being tactical in their next move (unlike halo 4 where sprint had no counter or balance), adds a whole new dynamic. As for the "Cut and run strategy" I agree it isn't halo but it was countered by a variety of aspects in the game including no shield recharge, and you are not at full speed when running. The pro's who bashed halo 4 for the reason people are bashing halo 5 claim the new movement abilities are well balanced compared to Halo 4. It's more of the classic risk-reward aspect which adds strategic ability while sticking to the arena style. You will still be able to fight back if an enemy gets first shot, you will be able to strafe, and out BR noobs.  

Simplicity is justified because, well, it's not as simple as previous installments. But Halo 5 is much simpler than Call of Duty and adds to the strategic element of the game, (unlike CoD) Fluid map movement has a solution, they need to design arena maps with this in mind which they are doing. This still lets crouch jumping happen, but adds to it. No doubt you are going to be able to reach new heights and new ways to engage in combat. I see people crouch jumping so they can clamber onto new areas. All of this contributes to a large skill gap and a skilled game... unlike any other on the market. These are my $0.02

TL;DR: Halo 5 will be a good game with map and power weapon control. Will be competitive arena. I welcome *intelligent* debate.

It's not your grampa's halo, but it's still Halo. Ghandi's review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nffMurA-2K0 list=UUo0bc4LAMbsOwYO58S8CfCg

Flameswords review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Y2IVQjCdA

http://teambeyond.net/halo-5-pro-impressions/

http://teambeyond.net/halo-5-guardians-multiplayer-beta-impressions/ 














 I'd personally love it. If they actually continued it and did various seasons, 343 could cover many aspects of the universe such as playing as an ODST or marine, Human - forerunner war. They could even go back and make a mission based around ghosts of onyx or any other book. 

Imagine playing Sgt Johnson during the battle of harvest. It would be fucking awesome. The whole episodic campaign thing is a great idea if they made it more campaign like, less firefighty, and 25 episodes per season. Probably a long shot but they could contract episodes to saber and cutscenes to blur. 

343 pls 




 My list:

- **Increase player count to at least 24**

- include custom loadout options for custom games.

- working, easy file share system on launch

- The fucking ability to *JOIN CUSTOM GAMES IN PROGRESS* FAK

- Obviously a better forge system than h2a. Even though h2a forge is pretty awesome.

-  more vehicles to compliment the new btb gameplay as well as a bigger weapon sandbox. Keep in mind that arena 4v4s can stay the same.

- More custom games options

- working competitive ranking system on launch

If you have anything else, please post below. 




 Chief: We've got to go back! 

Cortana: Back where!?

Chief: Back to the Halo!

Marty: This is some heavy sh*t

http://imgur.com/izigqkd 









 Hopefully everything is fixed. Tired of beta testing the UI. Game is really fun though. 

http://teambeyond.net/matchmaking-fixes-top-priority/ 




 Me and my buddy agree doing legendary with NO skulls on. And when one of us dies, we both go back to checkpoint? 









 Halo is a competitive shooter and requires an arena style. I see people flip shit when anything deviates from h2 when it comes to h5. Halo needs to be a fun, challenging, arena shooter but CANNOT solely cater to competitive kids. It should be fun for casuals also and I hope 343 realizes this. I'm going to list how both can be accomplished.

Halo's gameplay has very unique properties that make it fun. I'm not going to go into specifics about game mechanics/ideas, there are tons of community content out there about it, but here are the core requirements halo *must* have to be successful: 

 - **Arena** Equal starts, map control, power weapon control, and tactics. 

 - **Customization** The ability to mold the game to your liking. This includes forge, custom game options, ability to customize your spartan to be unique only to you, and theater options. 

These are things no other current popular game does, halo has a grasp on the market for them; halo's niche. (To clarify, these aspects are not competing with one and other, they can go hand in hand) its very possible to make a game both halo competitive and casual fun. In implementing these things, 343 will have made a fun halo game everyone can enjoy.

In my opinion if 343 services these aspects of the game and expands them further than the previous halo levels of competitive and customization, then we will have a successful halo game. My worry is that 343 will release a game that is too focused on the competitive and just leave out many customization options because a bunch of whiny competitive kids complain when 343i adds something like an option for sprint and loadouts in custom games. When I load up h5, I don't want to feel like I'm playing the MLG playlist, nor some CoD bullshit, but I want it to feel like Halo Team Slayer. Then I want to load some fun custom games with a *24 player lobby*   

I'm interested to read the opinions I've likely generated...
I found this funny: http://imgur.com/L1aZxWJ

EDIT: I believe all additions to halo must meet these basic requirements or at least not hinder them. 









 Halo and destiny clan. If you need people to do the raid, strikes or nightfall, we are creating a group for it. We will be running MCC as well when it comes out.

The criteria is to be mature, intelligent and at least lvl 25.

www.bungie.net/en/clan/Xbox/574683 




 Looking for some cool, mature and intelligent people to join a destiny clan.

If you want to join, you should be a halo fan due to the clan most likely doing both destiny and halo upon MCC release. The clan may turn into a military styled clan later on down the road depending on what people want to do. The Clan is set up as a group to play destiny with and accomplish shit. (raid, nightfall, strikes etc.) 

www.bungie.net/en/clan/Xbox/574683 
Go here if you want to join or find out more. 
Thanks 




 Edit: I'm a lvl 27 warlock. Void. I use an auto rifle with legendary sniper, for close quarters I switch to invective. I'm just noticing I get to few kills then the rest of the fireteam. I try not to die, but can't get as many kills. And tend to die as well. Im not horrible. Just looking to improve. 




 Gt: ZeALoTT 




 I'm here to encourage those of you who develop meaningful theories and post lore facts. Keep doing it. That is all. 




 I'm genuinely curious to know what libertarians think of Rand and a possible presidential bid. 

I've seen him be bashed as being not like his father and a sell out from libertarians, and be praised as well. 

If he runs, will you vote for him? If he gets the nomination, would you vote for him? How do you think he'd do? Can he compete with the others? 




 I imagine it starts something like this:
In the name of the father bungie, son RNGesus, and holy spirit kyle we pray... 




 In recent years, scouts has made headlines for various reasons and many of those has been homosexuals in scouting. Within these headlines we see accounts of sexual abuse in troops on the part of adults and youth and scouts has received a bad name because of it. It has also gotten a bad name because of its policy on not allowing gays in the organization; a rock and a hard place. Like most debates, this one has two equally compelling sides.

BSA has taken many steps attempting to curb sexual abuse in scouting; mainly by enforcing policies. And they recently decided to allow openly gay youth in the organization, but not allowing openly gay adults. The one side says this opens the door to sexual abuse, violates the bible, and that scouting is a religious organization (mainly for the moral guidance imo), also that scouting is a private organization and can conduct itself how it wants. It has been that way for years and is fine, people don't ask if you're gay, you don't tell. No harm done. 

The pro gay side says that it's time to open up scouting for gays and get into the 21st century. It is unfair for people to be excluded based on sexual orientation. Both sides have compelling arguments and BSA knew this. But to the best of my knowledge, BSA gets funding from both human rights organization and religious institutions, both sides threatening to cut funding. Everyone in this sub can agree scouting is a great thing and is one of the best things to happen to this country and that we need more of it. It was already getting bad press before this issue as well as falling numbers, then this happens --- more bad press, people leave on both sides due to the issue. So whichever they picked, people will be upset. And the majority of charters are with churches. Scouting was put in a bad spot.

As a libertarian and an Eagle scout I respect both sides of the argument and in my opinion, it would be easier to simply leave it to the troops, the districts or even the councils. Forcing people to adapt when they aren't ready is an issue as well as excluding them. I believe the troops or people more closely connected with those that would be affected are better apt to make this decision. For example, a troop that has adults that are older more conservative men that have spent years contributing to scouting and are wonderful people with so much knowledge to pass on to youth, or if a troop has young men as leaders that are more open minded. 

Scouting is based around personal responsibility and building leaders as well as developing decision making. The troops/districts/council should be able to decide for themselves. Irdk how anyone will feel about this. I'll probably catch a lot of hate lol.

**Edit/update:** I'd like to make my stance known as I don't hate nor want to exclude gays or atheists, both have a place in scouting if they so choose. I understand why this post gathered as much hate as it did.

 As a young person joins scouts, they generally don't have a concept of sexuality until the middle or HS years, so the issue is irrelevant and is for youth. The issue is not discussed or cared about, most troops will not discriminate as long as the person lives scoutly, my troop wouldn't and few troops would shove a person out based on that, even if the decision is left to councils. And I highly doubt anything would really change, the debate gets overthought beyond what would realistically happen. Very few troops would struggle just as few are now. 

The point of compromise of leaving it up to a council preferably. Is that they can decide whether they are ready for that change, not morally but the affects of it (funding from either side, membership, community support etc.) one way or another, BSA suffers. The argument is irrelevant for youth because they are currently allowed. And if the decision for adults is left to councils. I doubt they would ask off the bat when someone joins... Simply because it doesn't matter unless you're a homophobe and I believe most if not all councils would allow them. 

Atheism has come up quite a few times. Once again, they should not be excluded and most people don't care. The rule states that you must believe in a higher power, that is all. A comment below summed it up nicely as if you believe in aliens as more powerful beings than you pass if you don't happen believe in god. But if by chance you believe humans are alone, then you should be allowed to be openly atheist but must still respect the establishment as it is. For many in scouting, religion is a pillar for moral guidance that helps the scout way and by the time one decides they are atheist, they are adolescent, so they've made the decision. Young people can still use the moral pillar of it .So there is no need to fit the program for a minority even though they should be allowed. This whole thing got blown out of proportion. 




 I was just wondering. I'm an arena style halo player so I avoid the crucible. Anyone else feel the same? It just seems to unbalanced to me. Better than CoD though hah 





























 Ohhhhhhhhhh.  




 Karen Gillan was in doctor who from 2010-2012. Looked like a young adult on the show and had a husband, I feel like she'd be to old and out of place for a student 




 ODST is by far my favorite. 




 Or hunting 









 Firefighter for three NFS. Them some hardy men. 




 Doing society a favor good sir 




 I don't understand. Vets are animal doctors and doctors are meant to help, heal, and bring life to their patients. This is like a doctor killing someone, then claiming they are "doctor of the year" 

It completely goes against what a Vet is. 




 Many many people absolutely love halo 5. It's not a joke. Plus the campaign hype. 

Halo Online is legit halo 4 on roids. It was a cheap money grab by Microsoft.  




 But will I have an expanded version of the experience I got in the originals? 




 Yeah, so... what is happening here. 




 No. I'm an honest man. If I don't think you're beautiful, I won't say it. I will generally say what I think (amazing, cute, pretty) On the otherhand, I hate insulting people.  




 It's halo 4 on crack. But I think its because people dummy expect much from it and they can mod the living hell out of it. 




 If it is, we better get to see an updated old forerunner architecture style. 




 Aha. But then..... what truly defines reality? Our senses? Perceptions?  




 This version is great. Especially with the trumpets 




 Hey 




 It really sucks. It should have been a reskinned and updated Waypoint.  




 I'm fucking dying lmao 




 Well, the official Ben G account tweeted at moreconsole.  




 Officially amazing 




 GLAAASSED PLLANNETS HAVE BAD RECORDS BEN. JESUS. 




 Try www.girlschase.com and www.taoofbadass.com

Both legit and not scum. You'll understand why and how. 




 Lmao. 




 You could be a model. Great facial features, if you trim the hair as well. 




 You can keep the long. But you need to look more manly with it.  




 Now I wanna know what he said 




 Mod me u dank slut 




 Quidditch world cup would be nice to see. To check out all the nationalities. Especially american wizards... 




 Redheads are always winning 




 Do you want to know why? Nothing is mutually exclusive as to why they are moving. The answer isn't to literally force them to stay with legislation. It would make the issue worse. 




 Has to be a nice one. Not some neckbeard shit from walmart 




 Do you want to lose US business? Because this is how you lose US business 




 Is his beginner program for muscle and weight building worth it? I saw it on YT and seemed solid. But I wasn't sure 




 Yeah, Bungie had this weird thing where they had tiers for the legitimacy of their canon. It went: games, books/comics, then advertising. So they had no problem throwing away the book for the game. 




 He seems to be enjoying himself 




 Wait bro, it just appeared there!? Nobody put it there?  




 Yeah. But that look (albeit slightly different) had looked badass for a hundred years. The faggy mullet was just an 80s thing, just like the bieber cut was a 2000s thing. 




 Bellatrix on point. 




 These are beyond badass 




 That's pretty sweet 




 Gears of Halo Theft Auto 5 




 Honestly, half the guys on here think their appearance is the reason they aren't getting girls. Unless you are a 1 and have horrible personal hygiene, it's probably your mindset and attitude.  




 Would date 




 You're definitely not ugly.  




 Great eyes. But need better pic 




 I think you're really cute. 




 Reach has 25k tops. Impressive, but it's not that high 




 Yeah, clearly that's Kevin Bacon 




 That's awesome 




 Best candidate in the race at the moment. He signals a wave of change for the party as it stands.  




 Well.... DID IT WORK!? 




 Most certainly.  




 I'll vote for him over fucking Hilary.  




 Well, America did do that. 




 Solid 8. 




 I always figured he was the guy that founded the S4's. Not sure though 




 Shit. That was my pre-halo game. 




 All. No two ways about it. 

All 




 - Ben: But I..
- Sully: Glassed planets have bad records
- Ben: found people..
- Sully: GLASSED PLANETS
- Ben: That..
- Sully: GGAAAAALLLLAAASSSSED PLAAANNEETS. 

fuck Ben we've been over this. Shit 




 Seriously. Fuck this bitch. Even if you're a democrat. You shouldn't vote for her. Reminds of season 1  2 Claire underwood. 




 Communism. 




 I think it's the dude you play as in that Nintendo game where you smash pots. 




 Dislike haircut. Everything else on point 




 He emailed 343 to confirm it 




 He emailed 343 to confirm it's legitimacy 




 I am buying it. I'm just saying.. 




 Should have put an option for non buyers.  




 That's hilarious 




 First pic is the best. Brings out dem big eyes. What you're worried about isn't a big deal. 




 Yo hmu sometime. You're super pretty and your eyes go great with your hair. Fuckin love redheads. 




 Brah you fine 




 Not ugly 




 Official twitter for reference: https://twitter.com/22052124e?s=09 














 You can find it on YouTube 




 Stop. Just stop.  




 Redheads. Yes. 




 Yeah, us. I'm hoping halo 5 has a file share system, and a quality theater system that doesn't rely on that fucking upload app. 




 I miss reach in general. NBNS MLG settings are EASILY the best of the series. 




 THAT THEREZ A KEEPER.  




 Hagrid and his dad 




 I like it. I accept it 




 I'd feel horrible if my sibling got a letter and I didn't. I'd be like "good for you"


  Fuck 




 Please explain more.  




 I laughed. Wtf even is that 




 Honestly, start watching videos on tips, tricks, callouts. Start playing in PGL ladders. Sign up on their site and work your way up 




 - Forge world

- Target locator

- Pelican 




 I want spartan ops back. It didn't go well because they did it so cheaply, mixed it with firefight, and never released a new season. If they actually had good environments, more seasons and made it a legitimate episodic campaign with seasonal storylines from around the universe. It would be the greatest thing ever 




 And people still trust the government to control the internet. Lmao 




 I enjoy his views on this. But on /r/futurology. There was discussion of him talking about a "guaranteed basic income"  




 Yeah, I've died multiple times because I accidentally scoped in on the sword. I was thoroughly embarrassed.  




 Unjerk.
I got into a debate on r/halo about it. The thread about stop saying halo is dead. And I mentioned this exact video and got called on it. When people, especially YouTubers do this, it hurts halo. 




 GOD DAMIT. I didn't really want her involved. 

Edit: Damn. I got negged to shit. They killed her off in halo 4 in an epic way. It would be cheap to bring her back and make the whole reason chief went AWOL, and by extension Locke's mission about cortana. So we're going to spend  that whole campaign hunting chief or playing as chief......   for cortana. Come on. That's so cheap and predictable 




 Is this official? It looks like cortana or... 




 Yeah. Classically liberal is close to libertarianism. But liberal doesn't have the same connotation anymore. 




 Pertaining to MCC. They do deserve the criticism. But at this point its beating a dead horse. Going on about it at this point does nothing. They put their name on games like spartan assault, MCC, and others because they are the franchise. This doesn't mean they focused on it while taking away from the main project.

I wouldn't say their priorities are broken. They had a very specific timeframe to release things with two completely separate teams. Plus, they needed to have enough time to implement beta feedback. Why delay the beta and put that project at risk because of MCC. To many chefs in the kitchen isn't a good thing. And the overwhelming majority at 343 are on h5.

343 aren't the ones working on ODST and relic. Saber and certain affinity are the ones on that. They didn't even start ODST until after release.

They released Forge Island based on feedback, changed in game H4 settings for feedback, H5 is being changed based on feedback. They are listening to the general consensus on things

343 is a competent company. Only real fuck up this gen was MCCs release. Everything else has been fine. It's just that Dobbins is beating a dead horse. 343 knows that MCC had a shitty release and they know people disliked h4; they've heard it a million times. At this point it adds nothing to discussion and Dobbins perpetuates this attitude toward halo that doesn't help. 




 No, his anger and frustration are what is needed for 343 to get their head out of their wallets and realize what people want. It's the ignorance of so many people like yourself that just assume 343 is going to pull through when their record shows they have failed at everything they have done before. 

Halo 4, fail. Did they alter anything quickly to fix the problems, hell no, they were focused on MCC. MCC, fail. Have they altered and patched the problems accordingly, no. They have taken their time because the majority of their team is on Halo 5.

You assume that they fully developed MCC. It makes no sense to take people off halo 5 to work on MCC. None at all. Plus you assume they could have just altered some shit and and it would have been all hunky dory.

Now with that track record, the only record 343 has with games, what makes you think H5 is going to be any different? Dobbins and others who criticize them, like myself, don't wish for Halo to fail, but want people to stop accepting and promoting 343 to just keep doing what they are doing. All he is saying is don't listen to this bullshit 'Locke vs. Chief' hype and pre-order or buy this game before you know what you're getting. 

You assume people dont know what they're getting, even though they've played a beta that they enjoyed. One that ran more smooth than MCC. Criticism is fine. Making click bait circle jerk titles like "you hate halo if you pre-order halo 5" is not.

Look at it this way, Bungie took 3 years to produce each of their 4 games from Halo CE to Reach, 343 will have produced 3 games in 3 years with DLC already in the works prior to H5 release. Priorities have been set for 343 and it's worth betting that they have not learned from their mistakes with the way things have been going

You straight up assume 343 has hands on developed every halo title. They had other studios do them while they focused on the main title at hand (H5) You also assume they have DLC in development. The MCC dlc is being done by separate companies while 343 is focused on H5. They still stick to the 3 year dev cycle.

You also assume 343 hasn't done anything right. Even though we have HCS, good lore, and had a well received beta. 

You also seem to assume they aren't listening to any feedback, even though they have the feedback program and made a halo 5 update post where they flat out implemented community feedback. Just because they aren't listening to *your* feedback, and dobbins. Doesn't mean they aren't listening. 

Dobbins really is leading an overreacted crusade against nothing. And hurting halo in the process. 




 You're making a lot of assumptions there 




 At least that was black and white. Shoot the big blargy aliens. It was an epic struggle. 

But if the UNSC and humanity are flung into a legitimate civil war, the floods possible return, Halsey/Jul with the Janus Key, and covie religion making a comeback. I'd say that's pretty bad. But I doubt it'll happen 




 I'm calling it now. At the end of the series, Ben gets offed after he releases his info. The UNSC and humanity descend into complete chaos as ONI lies are revealed  




 The competitive scene won't die in halo 5. Plus, a huge amount of people enjoy the game.  




 Think about it bro. A legitimate inter UNSC civil war, covies and Halsey getting ahold of the Janus key hellbent on revenge and a flood return. 




 - HCS is rising and the competitive scene is beginning to rise again
- Lore has been handled wonderfully with books, comics, and merch.
- Halo is gaining more content creators, YouTubers, and fan sites. Compared to the dying of Reach and 4
- Halo 5 is looking extremely promising so far. From a story perspective and MP
- MCC is functional, 343 is working around the clock to bring the next TU.
- no longer is this sub and every halo forum filled with anti 343 circle jerk. We are seeing discussion, awesome clips and more. 

Halo isn't dad. We just have to accept that halo isn't the top dog mainstream game anymore. And work to be a friendly community newcomers want to be apart of.  




 Dobbins posted a video called "if you pre order halo 5 you hate halo" the thumbnail was "do you hate halo?" And he acts like he's in some fucking crusade to save halo by bashing it.

His intentions may be good, but perpetuating halo hate is undeniably bad for the franchise. The comments on that video were just a huge circlejerk that said fuck 343.  




 I'm referring to this generation. 
























 We did not. It cut away before the sword lunge. 




 Noble 6. He's alive. Probably pulled a Randall and has a family. 




 They are the only ones left? I know they are operational, but really? So many of them too. 

I feel like they are being neglected though; my sense of balance is off.  




 Well, it would help chiefs case as being labeled a traitor. Like, if you'd been through what he'd been through. You'd be more understanding of why he went AWOL and more forgiving. 




 Right you are. Case closed 




 That's absolutely incredible.  




 Put the link back damit 




 This is pretty accurate. 




 If this is legit. It only helps my theory that Sully is in Bens side. 




 He was honestly my favorite spartan. They should figure out a way for a sweet ass return. Like last minute save by mendicant bias or a resident AI. IDFK 




 I WANT HIM TO BE ALIVE. He will return in glory 




 Locke is a good guy, and not a bad person. Nightfall sucked. Chief is better though. I see where you're coming from. I'm #teamkurt.  




 Hey, I like Locke but I'm actually #teamKurt 




 Mendez even says, "those Spartans sacrificed more than you will ever know"

Double meaning? Yes 




 This community never ceases to amaze me 




 Go get the declaration of war and read it. It was a sly attempt to contain Obama's war powers, make a solid plan, and make sure it wouldn't turn into a disaster like the rest of the wars for the last 10 years.

Did you read that article? It clearly states his intentions were to repeal the 2001 Iraq legislation and LIMIT intervention in mid east. It even stated people will only see this as "Rand Paul wants to go to war". Just as you see it, but that's not the case at all. 




 Like him or hate him, this is Rand Paul's philosophy on war. 




 I genuinely want him to become a good guy. 




 Id vote for you.  




 I guarantee that it's not because of your looks. It almost never is 




 Igor is that you? 




 She'll get the letter in a couple years.  




 Jesus. Now you're just missing Cameron Diaz and Adam Sandler 




 Link to polls 




 That's true. There can be tyrants on all levels. But it's isolated and easier to deal with when it is on a local level and less likely to occur. 




 Its the 25th. Gimme some halo 




 I'm going to go with the second image being an extreme close up of armor. Maybe the damage on chiefs?

It's also the 25th now. I want it, whatever it is. 




 Very hot redhead. Not ugly 




 It's a smaller more localized group better at determining the wishes of its populace than a broad overreaching federal government.   




 Damn. This is really cool 




 We need some sleuths on this asap 




 Look at his webpage. He is states rights on basically all of those issues. He won't introduce national legislation against those things. 

He is very carefully worded. www.randpaul.com 




 Many didn't like it because launch settings were trash. But within the game itself, there were custom tools, forge world and the best forge system yet, plus the title update. It made that game arguably the best playing halo.

Seriously, go back on your 360 and launch Reach. Then head into the MLG playlist. It's easily the best variant of halo gameplay to date. Smooth and full of skill. The game also had some of the best custom games and forge world allowed for players creativity and content to flow. If it had better launch settings, it would have been almost as popular as halo 3.  




 Yeah. Reach has this weird cult like following. Gets like 25k players regularly 




 That was really interesting 




 That was absolutely incredible. After reading the lines from H3 terminals, it just screams the old plan of "humans were forerunners".

So to sum this up a bit more. Humanity is facing: 

- Rebellion and dissent within its military and outer colonies

- Flood's possible return. And in heavy numbers

- Jul and Halsey (whom are both hellbent on revenge) have the Janus key and every piece of forerunner tech. 

- plus, a fuckton of Promethean knights at their disposal and the manipulative covie religion is on the rise. 

- John is AWOL at a time that is arguably **more threatening then the human covie war**. Humanities greatest hero abandoned them when they needed him most. 




  Elaborating a bit, he added: I was looking back at the old Jon Pertwee/Roger Delgado ones and whats fascinating about that is that they only ever play it as friends. They never, ever play it as enemies at all. Theyre just two gentlemen having fun with each other. The Doctors best friend is a murdering psychopath, thats actually quite fun."

can someone elaborate? 




 That's amazing.  




 Fuck. No. 




 Wouldn't suck if there was more fucking content. 




 Also we have to kidnap kids and train them there so they grow up to be badass supersoldiers. 




 I admire your conviction. I agree with you.

How did you come to this thinking? Do you have any law education?  




 Faked his death so he wouldn't have any commitments to the muggle world. 




 The first movie ran like a children's film. The rest were sooo much better 




 This sub isn't for that. 




 Bro just give him back his brick.  




 Your comment made me realize that there are so many amazing stories to tell in this universe. 




 SPRINT YOU SAY!? 




 You're clearly an Amazon warrior.

I'm on to you. 




 You sir are a dick 




 Reddit is always a pretty decent place for these guys to go.  




 Damn. Right in the feels. Well done 




 Hm. It would need easy vertical takeoff, fast and maneuverable horizontal movement. 

I want something so bad 




 The only reason I enjoyed Glasslands was because of the continuation of the absurdly stellar *Ghosts of Onyx*

I think it did that well 




 I'm trying to think of the science. How could it work? 




 Shhh. 

One day. One... day 




 Am I the only one that likes seeing people's tattoos? 




 This is what they need to use spartan ops for. Seasonal storylines to explore parts of the universe that can tell amazing stories but don't warrant a game or EU media 




 I think he's gotten better. Especially with Mr Pokefile on his team. 343 puts little nuggets and easter eggs in trailers so him analyzing can be a good thing.

It just pisses me off when he pronounces mjolnir as "manuer".  




 I think they favorited it too XD 




 Hm. Not any of the "man" voices? 




 Look for speakonia. Has everything 




 There should be a software pack where you can download a shit load of MS voices and modify them. 




 Yes. Lots and lots of death 




 That was amazing. I love you.

Could you make Locke's voice sound a bit different then arby's though? 




 Is hood the official head of UNSC forces? 




 I TOOK A MIDNIGHT TRAIN GOIINNN ANY WHERREEE. 




 I wanted to punch him the whole game. I think I blew him up with a rocket launcher a few times. 




 9.5/10 damn.  




 I know. I hope the actual cutscenes look more like blur h2a cutscenes 




 Same. It's so nonchalant.  




 Yo stop posing for pictures and help push the jeep.. 




 Overlord Bungie taught us better guys 




 Wasn't the assembly a bunch of AI's? 




 Is this described in any existing lore? Books? If so where? 




 He'd rather jump on everything anyways 




 Wow. That fit really well 




 I hope they make the halo 5 cutscenes and make them the way they made H2a. Not like this trailer where it looks like Locke is unnaturally running through concept art. 




 Whenever I preordered at GameStop. They ask for 5 bucks down and you can cancel anytime and get your money back or add more money to the preorder at anytime. You still get counted as a "preorder" and thus get cool ass bonuses. I've been doing this since I preordered Halo Reach.

Edit: you can even pick up your copy a few days after release.  




 The spartan IVs are identical to IIs while in armor. So Locke in armor now is the same as a spartan II in 2552. 




 The good thing about GameStop is that you can cancel and get your money back at any time. And still get cool bonuses.  




 Omg. If Jon does a new season of arby and Tyne chief. He has to get a Locke figure for the gang.  




 I really wanted more spartan ops. Just for the story. I hope it's redone and better in h5 




 Noticed that right away. I was like fuck yeah 




 Pawn stars was really cool because it was an entertaining way to learn nuggets of history. Whether it be pop culture or americana 




 That was fucking hilarious 




 Are you dog zone? 




 Bro. You forgot to label that weird space in between the phone pillow/awkward blanket, and SO. Looks like a good 1 to 2 feet gap there 




 I genuinely thought that was babble for a good minute in that. 




 So you go about your travels in a van? 




 Thanks Mr skeltetal 




 The one isn't naked that I can tell. But he has whatever garment he has on pulled down and is feeling his junk. 




 Yeah, bro you need to avoid the neckbeard look.  




 Can we get full video for lols 




 I honestly feel bad for them. 




 Anyone but EA. unless you want the left half of Hogwarts as preoder DLC. 




 So this is no longer a debate on the logical legitimacy of him as a GOP candidate. And is now about his political views, opinions, and philosophies. As such we'd be debating and advocating certain policies and the reasoning behind why something should or should not happen.

As much as I could debate and refute everything you're saying, I simply have no time or interest in getting into a long drawn out and useless internet debate about fiscal matters and other opposing viewpoints.  




 What was her reaction 




 You just disqualified every candidate running if you think those politifact statements, an opinion on vaccines, and a false statement about a legitimately half right figure on tax fraud to make a point that was still properly made regardless of the money figure (was still around 25%) make him unfit for any office. Then this means nearly every single person holding public office isn't fit for office, or the majority of our past presidents. That simply isn't a realistic and logical dismissal of his ability for office

You could do a quick google search on any public figure and get shit. You could even go in the opposite direction and google good things about him. The fact that you can Google has no bearing on this argument. As a result, none of what you linked can hardly qualify as being disconnected from reality; if that's the case, then most of Washington needs to be thrown in a mental hospital. Nor can you just dismiss his supporters as being simply "enamored" 

I don't support some of what he says and I don't think he's the savior of murica (so I'm clearly not enamored) but he's a foot in the door toward the direction we need to go. Change won't happen over night. 

Edit: Did you even read that full article you linked me on him? It praises some of his policy decisions and stand points. Specifically on states rights, marijuana, gay marriage, spying and more.  




 Alright elf lady. Explain 




  respect among his peers

Really? He specifically goes against establishment republicans for obvious reasons. His goal is to get the party back to it's roots, they aren't going to like him. 

What false statements? The man wants to decriminalize MJ, end mass surveillance, stop unnecessary intervention and useless wars, impose congressional term limits and eliminate career politicians. What other candidate wants to do any of that? How is any of that "disconnected from reality"?  




 The best bet in this election is going to be Rand Paul. He's a foot in the door for more change, especially in the party itself.  




 I'll put on some more effort. I'd love to explore mexico. But it can be very dangerous down there, as I'm sure you're aware. But these people are more deadly, much more heavily funded, armed to the teeth with top grade military weapons, and smarter then ISIS terrorists, they are the government in many places. The militias are just starting to fight back.

They won't be afraid to behead you for 5 dollars and especially if you look foreign. It gets better the more south you go, but I think traveling through north will prove to be an issue. Good luck. 




 Marry me 




 Cartels are bad.  




 There is a difference between hunting and what she did. 




 Not even a small one to keep in your pack? 
























 I must say though. I quite enjoyed the movie. 




  Master Chief

Keepin it real like a boss 




 Savage 




 Did he live? 




 Honestly, i'd be so pissed. Idgaf if you're drunk. 




 Holy shit. Now I'm curious as to what happened to her 




 Fat = fukno 




 I've been there. The first impression I got of the place was *wizard*  




 Wut 




 I'm thinking something like this (http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/06/04/66/060466c8fa8e39e8784a36df7e56a7a2.jpg)

But bigger and more majestic. It has a rustic, sort of magical architecture style.  




 I'll say that the new novel coming out written by Frank O'Connor covers this exact topic. The humanity and consciousness of AI. 




 Cuz her handwriting is that good. Pshh 




 Holy shit. Beard 




 This made me laugh. 




 I feel like that would inhibit gains though :/ 









 That dude in the background lmao 




 Bro your hair isn't horrible. Just get it shortened on the sides.  




 Free biscuits? 




 Jon. Will you be uploading to machinima, or staying on your old channel 




 Doubt it 




 Never. Browse. /r/politics. That is the biggest cesspool of Bernie circlejerking and liberal mob mentality I've ever seen.

On topic. Halo 5 plays nothing like other shooters, and the ADS operates nothing like it does in any other game. 




 Pretty. Keep the dark hair, goes great with your eyes. But going to need more pics in a different pose. 7.5/10 




 Yeah. But, who gives a shit.  




 Are you being serious?  




 Do you know what a straw man fallacy is? That's what I'm referring too. And I never said he doesn't believe what he's saying, or stand by it. But he spouts ridiculous statements about the economy that amount to nothing more then blaming rich people for societies problems. 




 Usually I get downvoted into oblivion when I share a critical view of what is essentially the mob mentality that Sanders is encouraging. Seriously, it's just populist rhetoric based on socialism. /r/politics is the biggest cesspool of mob mentality and has a clear lack of any critical thinking skills. 

I could go on about Sanders but I'm still baffled that this guy can garner so much support without saying a single thing of substance.  




 People are calling New Blood their favorite. Apparently it was masterfully written. 




 What a fucking idiot. Seriously, everything this guy says is Straw man.  




 Ben got absolutely *rekt* by our boy Chips Dubbo.  









 Absolutely disgusting. 




 Wait. I thought it was only freshmen that had to live on campus? 




 Eh. I like Matt Smith 




 Yes. But there will just be another set of armor underneath that. 




 Damn. Kinda feel bad for the kid. Doesn't even look like a burgeoning neckbeard 




 10/10 redhead and Cap 




 I want Johnson back.  




 Much has, but much hasn't. I guarantee that unless it's involved in banking or drugs, the money has been earned legitimately. By nature, a business's duty to society is to make a profit. It's the tell tale sign as to whether it's needed and contributing. When profit is made, money has exchanged hands and a mutual exchange of goods or service for money has occurred. That business owner is being rewarded for his contribution. This happens even with the "evil corporations" Sanders wants to stop. So the more competitive the market, the harder it is to game the system. 

The issue happens when there is no competition and then prices can gauge. Example, cable and internet companies. In this case, government regulations strangled it. Which Sanders supports. So for a variety of reasons. Capitalism  socialism in pretty much every way.

It's hard to define free flowing economy because technically it already is if it's not government. Then it would only be in other people's accounts but spread out, so it wouldn't be nearly as effective. Bill Gates can invest that money, help his own enterprise, or donate it. Which applies for most rich people and benefits the economy more then redistributing it would.  




 And super cool shit that's otherwise rare and hard to do.

Like this. 




 Like I said, neither of them are war mongers. But the economic situation is a lot more complicated then that. Like... *a lot*. Chances are, if that money ended up in someone's bank account, they either: 

1.) Had illustrious government help. Bailouts, banking cabals, cable and internet companies, funding etc etc. Basically **crony** capitalism and exempt from market competition. 

2.) Benefited society in some way to generate that capital. Take Bill Gates for example, he made his money in a way that helped society advance. He did so with no government help. Look at Elon Musk. Same example, whom without his billions in the bank account, wouldn't have been able to start SpaceX or Tesla. BOTH benefiting society in a way the government never could. 

Redistribution of wealth (if that's what you're arguing for) are basically universally bad and have the opposite of the desired effect. 

What should be done is ending corporate welfare and creating a competitive field in the market. Which mah boi Rand wants to do. And this nearly universally improves the economy.  




 He's in a difficult position, but he's more of a libertarian. He has many socially liberal views but has to appeal to a socially conservative base. So his official position on certain issues are to leave it up to the states. Even though he's introduced a bill to legalize marijuana on a federal level, and has been open in his position on ending the drug war. 

When the debate happens, Rand v Sanders. It's going to be almost completely economic. In recent years we've had candidates that were extremely similar to each other and only differed when it came to smaller issues.

Now we have candidates that *generally* share the classic American view pertaining to foreign policy and social issues, but couldn't be further apart in regard to the economy.  




 It was a completely different time. You can't compare the community then to know and still have a legitimate point about the game. 




 I believe Rand Paul to have the same honesty but with views more aligning with my own. Specifically pertaining to economics; I simply can't support the socialist views. However, if anyone other then Rand wins the Republican primary, then I'd vote Sanders. If it becomes Hillary v Bush/Cruz or whatnot. I'm voting third party.  




 They've been pretty popular since the 40's. Either way, that's one thing I respect him for. He's consistent and honest about his positions, unlike Hillary or Bush.   




 Basically. But the Brits like their traditions. I think it would make for an interesting story. 




 Or both the royal kids. I'd read it and then watch it when it is inevitably made into visual form media. 




 What a fucking idiot who spouts nothing more than populist rhetoric with no empirical evidence to prove his point. Have fun with your straw man. 




 Wait. So kids just keep dying? In pattern out of no where? 




 That's fucking brutal. How was there no criminal prosecution for the rapes? 




 I believe the response was a good one from what I can tell. Common sense says don't let someone stay that's not supposed too. 




 Bring back these physics 




 BERNIEBERNIEBERRRR 




 What part of OH? I'm from there.  




 It's not that bad anymore honestly. Occasional dickbag here and there but it's getting better. 




 Maxi pads. Apparently 




 You'd feel the same way if you got to hunt the chief 




 Seriously, this guy has put up with some shit since launch that likely go above and beyond his job description, then he routinely responds to people on Twitter experiencing issues. He also writes some amazing and detailed updates letting us know what is happening along with the thought process that goes into it. I also hear he lurks here and posts occasionally. 

Then goes and casts the HCS like a boss. 

So bravo, Bravo.

Plus, thank you Josh Holmes for interacting with Beyond. Great stuff over there.

[after glancing at his post history](http://giant.gfycat.com/AncientCarefulAnaconda.gif) 




 Great update. 




 Bro. It's been admitted in this form multiple times.  




 That was hilarious 




 Has anyone told you you have MASSIVE tits? 




 I feel bad for Hamlin at that point. He got so much undeserved shit from Jimmy because Chuck didn't have the balls to tell him himself 




 I've always wondered how BB had the best character development 




 Great post. 




 Honestly, you have a rare natural beauty about you. 9/10 

I think the reason you may look young is your height. But you still got it goin on. 




 Don't have the game mode. Could probably get it though. GT: ZeALoTT 




 Gamertag is ZeALoTT. Looking to play some customs or even grifball. Just add me and send an invite whenever you'd like to play. 




 Get the fuck out. Just get. The. Fuck. **OUT**

 




 file browser is a necessity. 

343 is denying me a basic halotural right that Bungie would have bestowed upon me as soon as I broke that clear plastic film with a knife and gently slid my disk in to my Xbox one to experience the n**BR**vana. 

I could be tagging pictures and maps with g4y, I'd out BR you, bush d1d 9/11, and phagit just like the glory days.  




 1.) MCC is playable

2.) Halo 5 is shaping up to be great. Tons of info on the *arena* out there. Plus, the lore and story is looking to be pretty good. So some research. But you might not like the way it looks, but you have to play it. I've seen people hate the way out looks and think it's going to suck, only to fall in love when they play it

3.) The halo community is not what it was. But it ***is*** growing. 




 So just a typical asshole twat. 




 They are. But I'm at a regional campus at the moment, :/

I'll be in Columbus next year though. 




 I gotta go with maybe Joe Staten doing the grunts. Nathan Fillion as Buck perhaps. 




 I saw people talking about it to on Yak so I was wondering. 




 Is this an English bulldog or an Olde English Bulldogge?  




 No. On many levels. No. They are easily still in their prime and given GEN2. Could wreck a IV 









 Will there be corgis? 




 What dicks.  




 I don't think chief is going to let innocent people die for the greater good. That's what ONI does 




 That was a really good analysis. You make good points. I keep thinking this would make a really good political/action drama 




 I'm curious. They could have stole a pelican. But they wouldn't get far without slipspace capabilities. I'm just wondering how chief is even traveling. 




 Nah I'd do it. 




 Damn, super pretty. You have amazing hair and gorgeous eyes the compliment your style. Plus, a *killer* smile. 

Would approach and talk.  




 Like I said. On a good day, it pulls upwards of 21k on average during peak hours. 




 Yup. Honestly, that game is the shit. It's current competitive settings (MLG V7) are probably the best iteration out of any halo. The custom games community is flourishing because of how customizable forge and games are, the campaign and customization options are great. Plus the file browser makes it easy to find maps, games, and other community creations. 

It had so much potential if it had only launched with better maps, and the TU settings.  




 Fuck no. This guy knows absolutely nothing about economics.  




 Idk why you got downvoted. It is easily the best version of competitive halo by far.  




 Good luck to you, Spartan.  




 No one at the moment.  




 It'd be a shame if they.... lost all of them 




 Our impenetrable fortress among the stars... 




 Bear in mind. I believe that is only the atmosphere that is on fire. Thus causing a nuclear winter, the entire surface isn't molten.  




 They get 25k on a good day 




 There will be a bunch coming out also. So check those out 




 But... pls take noble 6 with you.  




 They won't. They want it to be special for lore fans, yet still understandable by casual fans. They are making it with your concern in mind 




 If we're purely looking at the outcomes, ODSTs don't do suicide missions. And then I'd say SIVs perform, act, and were trained more like ODSTs. SIIIs however, had slightly better augmentations than S4s, plus the advantage of augmentation at puberty and post augment being close to par with IIs, and have been raised since childhood as Spartans. 

Give them GEN2 armor and they'll wreck an S4. Not to knock the IVs, but we gotta remember the hierarchy here. I get why you explained it that way though. 




 I think you got it backwards with the IIIs and IVs.  




 And that's saying something. 




 11/10 

Jet fuel can't melt dank bemez 




 So they really are the superior Spartans. I mean, they got really lucky honestly. Going into service literally when the war ends.  




 Wow. There is some serious room for AMAZING storytelling here. 




 There are 323 active S3s? I really feel like that's some ignored story potential there 




 I.. want to believe....

From a pure storytelling perspective, as others have said, he needed to die. But we never see a blade fall through him. Plus we don't know the surrounding terrain or tech. There is a slim chance he survived, but unlikely. But then again, unlikely things happen in that universe.  




 His helmet was off and on the ground while he was still alive, that was the POV during the final scene. PLUS he had been kicking elites off of him that entire time. What's to say he didn't kick the one off and sprint his ass away and hitch a ride off planet.  
























 Fuck you jeb. Alienating voters since you opened your trap 




 Americans don't do anything wrong. Commie 




 Wow. How long have you been at it? I know it's a while, since you're the man around here. 




 Haha. I love the woman, but she seems to have a extremely conventional worldview.

Thanks for the response. I figured it was a gross exaggeration. But I wasn't sure. She kept telling me to look up the stats and that just as many men and women get raped and killed. Saying she see's shit on the news all the time. I thought that was bs. 

In all your time, what's the worst that's happened to you?  




 Lmao. 

Care to explain? 




 I'm really new to all of this and I do plan to travel. It won't happen for years to come, however, I will do it. 

I hear from my Aunt and family about horrible hitchhiking experiences, people getting raped and murdered left and right. My dad used to hitchhike short distances locally until some guy fake threatened him, and then told him how unsafe it was. This was the 70's. So due to this, I've always had that stigma and fear about it.

Then I watched that *Thumbs up, America* where they show positive experiences. But even that guy said he was almost raped twice. It also seemed like some of it wasn't legit. And you fine folks seem to do it no problem. I'm wondering if some of you could share your perspectives and experiences. Thank you in advance. 




 I have to ask. Is this an accurate portrayal?  




 25k on a good day. 20k normally. All the way down to 5k at low hours. 




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww 




 This is very true. But he's out for revenge at the moment. 




 I'm speaking purely economic regulations which have increased exponentially. Often not done by congress, but rather bureaucratic government organizations. This wasn't something that occurred when America was "booming" so to speak. 




 Completely untrue. The US was the world's leading economy by 1900, and it's been that way ever since. That war was simply dying 18th century empires on a last leg.  America led the world economically and politically without military intervention. The only thing that war wiped out was those countries militaries. Cept for Germany, poor bastards. 




 Define well regulated. 

Over the course of the last 100 years. Regulations have continually been increasing up until today. It's not like those regulations from 1964 just went away and we started getting rid of them. There are exponentially *more* regulations now, then what were in place in... say 1945.

At any rate, Sanders talks of giving people free things. But I have yet to hear how he plans to fund them. This isn't the thinking that made our country great. 




 Certainly not socialism. It was free enterprise. The whole reason america became top dog economically so fast was because of our free market.  




 The policies he proposes aren't what made this nation great.  




 Too bad socialism won't work.  




 Good to see Reach getting some love 




 I also don't think he adopted the mentality of ONI, he is opposite ONI. It's possible the innies put an S-IV in Mk 6. But, he's had that mentality as a Spartan since he was trained. If anything, he's evolving past it. 




 But, we don't know, do we? It's a very real possibility he went off the wall. 




 That'd be awesome. It would have to be like an intro cinematic/mission where the player is thrust into this situation not knowing what the fuck is doing on. Then it cuts to Locke getting a briefing to catch the casual player up on whats happening 




 "Favored" oh they favored them all right 




 That was great. To add, maybe ONI isn't the bad guy in these situations or even halo 5. Think, they might have done some horrible things. But what are they doing now that they haven't been doing before? Generally, for what they believe, is the greater good. Now we have something intentionally stirring up chaos and the biggest scandal in human history. 

It seems that someone or something may be trying to weaken humanity as a whole by causing dissent within the ranks of the UNSC, and stirring more people towards the innie cause then ever before. All while the Covenant is reforming under Jul for the sole purpose of destroying humanity. Now we have a flood return? So then the question remains, who is behind all of this?

Absolute. Fucking. ***CHAOS*** 




 You haven't played halo for what we can assume was like 8 years? 




 I shouldn't have said anything. Ignore my comment.  O_O 

Nothing to see here. Move along 




 This is absolutely amazing. It's super dark. As a listener, you don't know what to believe. Do you believe chief had a reason? Or that he went off the chain and derailed legitimate peace talks? Is chief a hero or a legitimate traitor? Even as listeners now, we have no idea. Before, we were sure chief had his reasons. 

It looks at the spartan program and ONI from a different light. We see how people view the chief and the political climate of humanity. Locke finally has justification for his mission. Humanity will be thrust into chaos, and will be pushed to the brink of destruction once more. 




 This is the theory I like. I refuse to believe my boy would do this. Either ONI is framing him (which wouldn't make sense, they've fucked him over), he went off the wall for real (a very real possibility for all he's been through), or your suggestion and his motive was pure.

They really do a good job of keeping this hard to predict and they keep you on your toes. Nobody knows what's going to happen.  




 Lose weight and good be a bombshell 




 Are you a witch?  




 Lose weight. Dress better. That's it.  




 Second pic looks best from the front 




 Holy shit. You fucking came here to be judged solely on your looks.  




 Why into Paul McGann though. Don't get me wrong, I really want that man to have a well deserved series on TV. 




 Amazing. What a man of strong integrity. 




 Often deluded. However, he gets the job done and saves the day in the end. Regardless of how sadistic and manipulative it may be. 




 Bro. Nice. Keep us updated. 




 In other news: 10's ego goes through the roof. 




 He was offered the part at one point. Actually, of the eleventh doctor 




 At times, I think it's his personal goal. 




 It puts what Missy says to the doctor in perspective. 




 Holy shit. You're right 




 Glad you got that fixed. That flat top made you look like biff from Back to the future 




 I enjoyed this. Good content 




 He's easily my favorite doctor. He'll be nuwho's tom baker. 




 Loved it 




 Your style is something an early 2000s douche would wear. It's shit.  




 More pics. 




 I use reddit is fun.  




 You didn't cite Financial Times. You can't cite something that you casually mention. You need a link. At the moment, it's anecdotal.

Labor doesn't need to up for capital to be gained. The whole point of capitalism is to make money, and with the internet, its easier to make money with LESS input (labor required to produce) and MORE output. So that whole point about financial times fails, it just means the free market found more effective ways to produce something. If anything, the internet is the greatest true capitalistic tool of our age. 

- It allows for equal opportunity to earn money. 
- people can freely get their ideas out there.
- people aren't suppressed. Even though the government is trying. 
- There are no or limited regulations holding businesses and enterprise on the internet. 
- anyone can learn if they have the drive to do so.

These are capitalist properties, not socialist. Reddit is a capitalist product, Facebook is a capitalist product, and so is almost everything else on the internet. If you think the internet is "socialist" you're blind and need to understand economics. 

I suggest reading *Economics in one lesson* by Harry Hazlett, *the law* by Fredric Bastiat, *Economic Facts and Fallacies* by Thomas Sowell, and *Capitalism and freedom* by Milton Freedman. These are written by legitimate and reputable economists. Make an effort to understand all economic systems and how ours is *supposed* to work. www.FEE.com is a great site for learning economics 




 Is the crossover on netflix? 




 No. Its not. 

And if you're being serious, you seriously misunderstand capitalism. 




 You have to be absolutely blind to think that the internet has not benefited capitalism. Seriously.  




 I'd keep bulking. Get the mass, then cut out and you'll look great. 




 So stupid. It's been tried and done in Europe, and failed. Socialism fails. 




 Getting back to our roots! 




 Bro chill. Plays better without radar and has been that way for awhile.  




 CE is my favorite too. Been playing it non stop since launch. Never played the original much though. Why's radar need to be disabled?

Edit. It was explained 




 Ready to do it again? Except firefight 




 Starry night 




 I think there will be an explanation scene in the context that they are explaining it all to Agent Locke. We will get flashbacks as well as maybe playing a bit. Just so the casual player has more than enough context to enjoy the game 




 And predictions. Predicting your opponents next move is crucial. Helps you place that shot, or land they nade. 




 Brows on point
Ass on point
Face on point. 




 Well, porn did spearhead the streaming industry.  




 He won't win lmao.  




 Because it'll probably suck. Sorry :/ 




 Oh my god. That's horrible. 




 Halo 1 is probably my favorite base multiplayer game. So addicting and fun 




 OP pls 




 Shoulda kept the hair 




 That was a really good post. I follow HCS and watch streams casually but I didn't know half of that  




 I hop on there occasionally. It got an update and I enjoy the content they put up. Just featured a Reach montage last week and they put all updates on it. 




 Did you tell her? She'd feel so awkward 




 I saw it walk away at the end 




 Hahaha. I get it. Because of the name of the old H3 mod 




 That is irrelevant. They are different games with maps designed to suit the game. Lockout wouldn't play well with H5 for a variety of reasons. However, Truth plays well and integrates skill jumping techniques that are arguably more challenging than traditional crouch jumping. Just because something changes, doesn't mean it's worse or bad. 

Crouch jumping still plays an integral part in the meta. 




 I look forward to many more H5 tage's from you good sir. 




 Have you seen the tutorial videos? Skill jumps exist. And are fucking difficult to pull off, especially in a fast paced environment. Crouch jumping still adds extra height to get the jump.  




 He wants to make himself feel good. That's why he responded, and with such ferocity. 




 He really has a stick up his ass. Trying to tear people down to make himself feel better. What a dick 




 So what happened to Ed? 




 That was awesome. gg bravo. Very in depth analysis of everything and great graphics 




 Anarcy for life 




 Yes pls. Wait, the RE integration? So they were once integrated? 




 o7  




 Eh. I don't think she looks trashy.  




 I think Kim is hot as shit. She just needs to tone down the make up. 




 Idk whose down voting you. You are literally halo Jesus 




 Too bad they are busy circle jerking to a Burnie Sanders pic. 




 Or at a convention, he described where the RvB story takes place in Halo canon as the moment of rage when you throw your controller against a wall and it breaks. In that moment, exists RvB 




 Too bad it is.  




 Thanks for the gold! 




 Cute hippie. 




 Damn girl. What nationality are you? You look like Kim Kardashian.  




 /r/trashy 




 That was ultra cringe 




 I'll vote for Rand Paul. Much better than the "puppet republicans".  




 Nah. He shouldn't. 




 Fuck yes. Get it. 




 I want to go with Johnson. If he came back I'd flip. But realistically I'd have to go with Buck.  




 More channels leads to more content. But there needs to be an audience.  




 Sick bro 




 I've suggested this before, but in my opinion Spartan Ops were an amazing innovation yet poorly implemented. So as a result, I would like to see Spartan Ops return with seasonal storylines from around the universe. For example, a storyline from Johnson's time as an S1, playing as an ancient human during the war period, Kurt during his time with Green, headhunter missions, or even Noble Six's survival and redeployment (he's alive *fuckers*). 

There is SO much they could do with SO many stories to tell from this rich universe. As for gameplay, they should play more like a campaign rather than firefight with more interesting levels. They could do it and it player retention would go through the roof. But they would need a dedicated team similar to the way they do campaigns. Just release the missions weekly like a TV show. 




 Withdrawals are happening.  




 Yeah. I don't speak Polish 




 It looks line you're going through the middle school scene phase. There is a way to pull off piercings and whatnot. This isn't it.  




 Bernie Sanders. Holy shit it just never stops. 




 More pics 




 I subbed 
























 Yeah what is this 




 Unless New Blood contains information to contradict this.. 




 Pretty dumb if serious. That will not work. However, you will succeed at creating pain for both of you, imagine taking that off. Plus scratching the inside of your vagina. He has to cum, so where's it going to go? Not stay in his pee pee that's for sure. It'll come out. 

Just use spermicide, birth control and have him pull out. You'll be fine.  




 You got HOT. Nice progress. 




 It isn't 




 Fuck welfare 




 Tell him to read a couple parenting books. A lot of good advice and time tested methods 




 Yeah, I thought it was perfect and fit with the past seasons 




 "If he was any better, he'd be a Spartan" 




 Idk. It's like crack for my free time. So I enjoy it. 




 Armor lock was the worst thing to happen to halo 




 What? 









 What type of clan do you want to join? 




 Why'd it suck? Dealing with idiots? 




 How did you accomplish that 




 I really hope it's not Macer to be honest. I kind of want to forget nightfall 




 You'll have people complaining the Spartans aren't plus size.  




 I wanted Stacker, Dubbo, and Buck on the team 




 And Spartan Ray. I just hope they don't go overboard with this diversity thing. 




 This seriously needs to be addressed. Honestly, Halo 5 MUST have this feature. There is absolutely no reason to not have it. 




 You're quite attractive, but i might have to come steal that dog though  




 I don't understand what is so hard about allowing business owners to carry our transactions with who they want. That's what business is, mutual agreements and exchange of goods/services for money.  




 Then why the fuck is that guy wearing jeans and a polo. Who works out in jeans and a polo. 




 She's just mad she can't grow a beard 




 Okay fox news 




 What an idiot 




 Pretty much hit the nail on the head with that one 




 Why did they ever stop using marvel... 




 Noise in space? Tight ship formations? The explosions I would attribute to when ships explode, the atmosphere leaks allowing for flame to enter the vacuum.

Either way, I was referring to the stories themselves lol. 




 Good. Hard work and determination will get you to mental health. You control your mind, don't let it control you. Find a reason to be happy everyday when you wake up and make it a goal to have a positive outlook. Good luck bro 




 Most of the weight on society, comes from corporations using government regulations to their advantage, and lobbying government for one way or the other. Ultimately they're making an environment where they aren't subject to proper market competition, thus you get a shittier cheaper product/service because you can't go anywhere else, and corporations that don't have to worry about things smaller businesses would. 

A businesses purpose in society is to make a profit. If profit is made, the consumer has benefited and they are giving society something they want. Supply and demand. Unless of course this business buys policy and saturates it's industry with regulations, and corporate welfare. Which creates something that is absolute shit for people while enriching the corporation (Comcast). By the time those profit decisions actually harm society is when they use the government to make more money. If you subject the "evil" corporations to proper market competition, they'd be forced to compete to provide a good product or service. The best ones would get big.

However, the case for environmental protection is pretty compelling.  




 Wait. How bad does it inhibit? My curve is only like 13 degrees. 




 What has your diet looked like specifically? cuz damn nice progress. I have a similar build to you. 




 I'll respond again with saying democracy did very little in building this country. I'll refer to democracy as government, because it's a gov system.

The government didn't do much in regard to advancing the standard of life of the average American. Capitalism did that as well as provide a means of improvement for the working class and create the american dream. The only thing "democracy" did was invest in infrastructure and start wars. 




 In this case. It was capitalism that amazed the Russian. Democracy didn't do what we see in the picture.  




 You might not want to hear this. But I hope you are trying to get better and deal with your issues, she'll only be able to support you for so long.  




 Sanders is still big government though. 




 We tried. Media wouldn't play ball  




 However, I'd say the drug war is a big issue. Which Rand has stepped out against. 




 Now we get action packed terrorist plots from the perspective of the infallible good guy agents that make it seem like we actually need to be safer, rather than freer. 




 Capitalism. But ya know, reddit seems to hate it. 




 You have amazing natural beauty and a great body. Solid 10 




 Would you be able to format that a little better with spacing? 




 Get it. It's an amazing SciFi universe with amazing gameplay. Also get into the lore 




 You should totally redo it. It would be awesome 




 Haha Tashi is there too.  




 wat.  




 You're point? It's still frustrating.  




 That's true. The only other possibility is that Chief had good reasons. But then again, wouldn't ONI say that? For damage control? Unless the only "reason" he could have would be incriminating to ONI. 




 You'd be surprised. Most pro e-girls are quite attractive. 




 You gotta feed her right if you want to get the best blend. It's a delicate art gentlemen. 




 The political spectrum is a sphere. 




 It's a possibility. But ONI doesn't want Chief's name slandered. So i'm betting it was an innie spartan. 




 Was this after I got offline? DAMIT 




 It really sucks because The Halo channel had so much potential. I still get on there frequently because I enjoy the content they put up. 




 I live in America. We literally bomb countries into the stone age. Either way, he made that decision without even considering her POV, he took it into his own hands to depose of a democratically elected official whom he himself said would usher in a golden age for Britain.

What gives him that right, especially when she was protecting her planet from a possible return of that species? And if history tells us anything, belligerent species often don't just leave us alone. 10 acted like a child in my opinion. 




 /u/bravo343 




 Actually we do bomb their home country. But regardless that wasn't a country. That was a hostile ship.  




 She didn't commit genocide. She was protecting her planet from a foreign threat. Malevolent Aliens with superior technology came down, fuck shit up, and they begin to leave, who knows if they were doing to come back in stronger numbers? Or if the doctor was going to be around to "protect" them. And realistically, there's only so much one man can do.   




 I dislike 10. For a variety of reasons. Mainly, because he was extremely vain, often times a complete selfish child and asshole. Being all grandstandy when in reality being a huge dick. For example, the Harriet Jones situation, there was absolutely no need to get her removed from office. She did what was right and best for her people. The Doctor fucked her over and she even came back and died for him in the end. As much as he talked about saving life, he had quite the disregard for it. 




 Nothing. You're hot as fuck. 




 He's gotta get the pedo look going. 




 Easily Halo. When you get into the lore, it's an extremely gritty and realistic military world. 




 Why? 




 Norwegian obviously carries more meaning than Whovian. It doesn't matter how much it has to do with who you are as a person, just that you are apart of a community of fans that have common interests and enjoy the same things. End of story. 

The term Whovian isn't the problem, it's the people that over do it and act like tards. Just like with anything. 




 Yes, but why say Norwegian when you're just a citizen of Norway? You're whole argument is a subjective reasoning that it's "silly" to call yourself a particular name identifying yourself with a certain group. Fans of Doctor Who are in fact a group and a community of people. So it's *not* a false equivalency and it's perfectly reasonable to use the term Whovian.  




 Then they only reference that book. 




 Public school and common core for you. 




 So with that logic. You don't need to use the term american. You just use the term Citizen of the United States. It's just easier. 




 The term Whovian has been around since 1963. The fucktards ruined it. 




 No dude. Those shows are amazing. It's idiots that get to into them they ruin it 




 This makes me embarrassed to be a whovian, or like all three of those shows. Because they are great shows 




 Why does everything that gets posted in this sub, get vigorously downvoted? It's almost as if socialists come here and downvote every thread.  




 It's milf age. 




 Except the CIA actually does abuse their power. 




 So that's our sun? Holy shit that's huge. Bigger than many stars. 




 Most of those policies are liberal concerns.  




 Goin for the ol' sneeze look I see 




 I'm in the same boat you are. I spent the last month ranking up in that playlist for it to be taken away? No matter who you are, when something you've worked for and put time into gets taken away, you get upset. 




 Is it possible to her halo online gameplay as intended without p2w in america 




 Looking pretty damn good. You do the dark hair and complexion look really well because of your eyes. Ya got purdy eyes kid 




 Better hair, makeup, improve your skin.  




 Why would his son just give you all this? 




 In reality. It is pretty bad. But it's portrayed hilariously and in a way that it isn't a big deal. Mainly because everyone in the show are idiots in their own way. Except Leela. 




 That's a horrible excuse that will only make the situation worse.  




 I really want planetside halo. But alas it won't happen 




 Why be a dick? And why haven't you told her? 




 I do think they will unite under Jul, however. I recall seeing somewhere that the religion is back on the rise.  




 I suggest adding the books that have yet to come out because those contribute to halo 5 significantly.  




 I hate to say it. But it's like this question gets asked every week in some form or another on here or /r/halostory. Is there an official list in the sidebar that lists it all including upcoming media. 




 Seriously, if ESO can do it on a console. Then so can halo, and be enough to bring it back better than it ever was. 




 Almost 100% of the time when guys post in here complaining about how women don't find them attractive, it's not because of their looks. I've seen ugly dudes score with solid goddesses.  




 Lift and eat 




 This is basically it.  




 You do the Indian face well with amazing eyes and facial structure. Compliments your complexion. 8/10 




 No problem. Some sub's to check out if you want opinions/advice on hair or fashion. These helped me

/r/malehairadvice
/r/malefashionadvice
/r/malegrooming

 




 You have a face similar to his. So you could go that route. But I would change up your style. 




 Awesome. Thanks man. I'll take this into account. 




 You could EASILY pull off a David Beckham 




 Holy shit. Someone message him on fb to see what happened 




 Awesome. Thank you! 




 I just started bodybuilding and was confused when I went to /r/gainit. It seemed like all these skinny guys like me that were lifting for months haven't made much progress except putting on some fat. Then I observe some of my IRL friends go from skinny to decently muscular in a matter of months, and continue to pack on the muscle. My fear is ending up skinny fat or simply not making the progress I want in terms of muscle gains after a long period of time.

I'm not sure if you'd be able to shed some light on this with any advice but I'm counting calories and macros with a reputable program on bodybuilding.com. I just want to pack on lean pounds (not afraid of a little fat)

Edit: Added to 1st paragraph. 




 I've been talking with my friends about this for a year. Imagine it:

Players can choose between three armies, then choose Spartan or Elite, both with a plethora of customization options. You get an entire halo ring in all of its glory to explore and fight for control over. Three armies fight for control of many large bases, strategic positions, containment facilities, even the most prized possession of them all; the control room, all the way down to small skirmishes over small areas.. 

You can start squads and clans, get a large number of many different types of missions from command. Or go freemode with your squad and explore the vast expanses and caverns of the ring, hunting the various terminals, datapads, and audiopads that explain exactly what is happening and why it's happening. The enemy that lies within the labyrinth of the installation may be enough to unite the bitter enemies of the surface...  




 I'm wondering more about how you got that nice body. If you were skinny, how'd you bulk and how long did it take?

I left a comment on your other vid. You can reply here if you want. 




 I'd like that. But what are the possibilities of it happening? 




 I shoulda put the /s. But we really aren't that obese. We aren't even in the top 10, or 20, or even 30 most obese countries in the world.  
























 Likely because it implies that it wasn't important enough to be read by the recipient. 




 I mean, THEY'RE MASSIVE ASS JUGS. 




 I loved the beta. Felt nothing like CoD imo 




 I have to agree with you entirely. This is odd. 




 Political undertones heavy. 




 He has to do some mocap for facial expressions and movement 




 So is it switching to more of a halo 5 theme? Or new one in general 




 I second this motion.  




 Ayyoo 




 Found the fatty lmao 




 First stop? Reach. 

Read The Fall of Reach 




 Holy shit. He has a fucking camel toe.  




 Fuckin Del Rio 




 Okay. So from now on, when something goes wrong in Halo, be it lore, MM, general problems the Chief will face. We say ***Thanks Del Rio***

Flood? *Thanks Del Rio* 
Character death? *Thanks Del Rio*
MCC broken? *Thanks Del Rio* 




 With part of the game being set before HTT. I'm really thinking we'll be playing as chief when he rocks those SS at the embassy 




 I don't think he will. Even Joseph Staten was extremely reluctant to get involved with halo 




 Guise. I swear to fucking Marty, 343 srsly hates us all. Fuck halo 5 and fuck Buck.

Edit: upBRs to the left to support the cause and get 3v4 to finally admit they are literally fucking terds and know nothing about anything developing halo. #halosplitscreenorgy 




 Lack of couch 




 He's lucky. 




 I'd fuck you over Caitlyn Jenner. Nice job. More pics though.  




 What. How did you even find this post? 




 Her name is incredibly badass.  




 Thank God. I don't think her tits could fit in Spartan armor. 




 I think it's bc the pictures aren't the best, Selfies are an art. Other than minor skin issues you're fine. If I saw you in real life I'd be throwin out my cheesiest pick up lines. 




 I'd say so. You could do better though. 




 OP listen to the comments. Everything wrong with you is fixable. Fashion can turn a 3 to an 7. Get your teeth fixed and start bulking and working out now, by a year you'd be a 7.5 to an 8 and not ugly as shit. 

Look good, feel good. Your confidence will grow, and you'll be a better father for your son and lover to his mother. Working out well boost it as well. 




 Holy shit. 




 Ohio pride! 




 And space battles, complete with fleets and command centers. 

Fuck it, let's do an MMOFPS 




  therapist 

I read that as the rapist for some reason 




 I find you very sexy. The fit muscular thing is hot as shit 




 Brah you need to hit that chest some more. 




 Very pretty face. Need full body shot 




 Typical internet question: Are you hot?  




 1. Workout and don't quit sports

2. Read

3. Be confident 

4. Dress better

5. Be friendlier and more social

6. Talk about it

7. Don't play as much Xbox. 

8. Don't associate with losers.  




 It's unfortunate, and isn't an indicator. But that was the thought process back in the day, and reverence to god *does* generally help build good men as a foundation for quality character, I think that's the main thought process. 

I straight up told them I wasn't sure about religion or god, they told me that's fine you're young. 9 times out of 10 they will find an excuse to pass you as long as you aren't callus about it. They know it's kind of a stupid rule, but religion is integral to scouting.  




 They already are private.  




 I had mine a month ago. Class of 2015! Fuck yeah. Made some of my best friends from my years in the sticks. 




 In regard to Atheists, it's easy to get away with it. For example, the rule states you must believe in a *higher power*. You can claim your higher power is The Universe as I did, or whatever. Most of the time they won't deny you entrance based on that as it's handled on the troop level.  




 His arms remind of Anchor Arms from Spongebob. 




 I've been apart of it for the better part of my life. I can say with absolute certainty that scouting is one of the last true bastions of youth development and citizenship in America. IMO it undoubtedly trains and equips better and more honorable citizens and well rounded men. 

It's a shame all of that crap the organization has been put through in regards to sex abuse and gaining a bad rep. They are caught between a rock and a hard place with funding from both human rights organizations and churches, both threatening to withdraw funding if they don't get their way, and right at a time in history when young men need scouting the most.  




 We'd literally do that after a Board of Review lmao 




 Damn babey, you're HOT! 




 I can't agree with that. I blame the UEG government being set up wrong in the first place. They didn't need to surrender any power 




 I bet not.  




 It is a shame he doesn't understand economics at all.  




 As an Eagle myself, great job and welcome to the brotherhood. Do your nation and badge proud!

Edit: I didn't realize so many here were Eagles. Actually I should have known, explains a lot.  




 Ooooooooooooohhhhhhh 




 U mad?

You clearly have problems to be this salty. Go continue to wallow in self pity and the fact that you will never be successful. 




 I've never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.

   - Thomas Jefferson 




 These guys are liberty in Washington.  




 Because free capitalism will always be superior. 




 Was your dad a boxer. Because you're a KNOCKOUT! 

Smoking is hazardous for your health, and baby.. you're killing me.

Hah get it. 




 Because it takes an attitude and will. Not *just* hard work. 




 It got a more intense and out of hand then it should have and I apologize about that. I told him at the beginning of the night if we were going to discuss it, it should be done later in a private party. Won't happen again when we play. But to be fair, it was egged on a bit at the beginning. 




 Halo soundtrack hands down. Has THE BEST sound of any game to date. Still get chills listening to the monks 




 The Warlock.  




 Next hit from Beyonce right there 




 Why me 




 Wtf.

*come to the middle* 




 Hahaha. I enjoyed mentally sparing with you. 




 Halo Reach had a "next gen" filter in forge lmao. 




 He's a dirty socialist. He was promptly ridiculed. 




 The face he's making is punchable. But other than that he looks like a normal dude. Everyone can make punchable faces 




 You fucked Jackie 




 With some recent posts, I swear this sub has just become neckbeards hating on people better off socially.  




 Stfu shillbag 




 The window is concave....or convex can't remember. Anyways it's kind of like one of those mirrors in a funhouse that distorts your image making you look a little bigger.

 




 I love you.  




  It was SWAT on Turf. H2. 

We had an alliance, red and blue working together to destroy the gold menace. Then... it happened. You shot me.  

I cri evrytim 




 I've read all of these. I want more. 




 But Jun thinks Six is dead :/ 




 He's alive. There is absolutely no concrete evidence he is dead. We never see the last few moments and Bungie specifically did that, we're meant to assume. I get it's implied he's dead. But it wouldn't be hard to bring him back, and state that Jun simply didn't know. 




 Well, Chief was designed as that "vessel" character as well for the games. He had development in the books, but it was always second to the game. They could develop Six or Rookie more if they wanted too. They were in the same boat chief was in 2001 without the book.  




 Dat halo 5 guardians. Can't wait. 




 He won't get the nomination unfortunately. He's too far away from the Fox news/establishment wing. I can almost guarantee they will give it to Bush. And we'll see Bush.3 vs Clinton.2 Round 2. In which case Hillary will win and we'll see 4 more years of the last 15 years. If Rand gets nominated however, the Republicans have a serious chance of winning. It's sad how they don't realize this  




 You were the one that betrayed our sacred alliance...  




 He still shouldn't get subsidies at all. No corporation should.  




 He had like 100 patents. And without him or JP Morgan, homes wouldn't have electricity. He did invent it. Tesla only made AC the way to go and won out against Edison's DC. Unless you're talking about Musk, then jack shit of significance at the moment but he's on his way to being an industry pioneer. 




 No. Fuck Mht. That traitorous bastard. I TRUSTED HIM 




 Halo wars 2 HCS league 




 But the children!  




 They've buffed the pistol according to Josh Holmes on Team Beyond forums. It wrong replace a BR or DMR however. 




 It's possible. 343 has done things like this before.  




 This happened the first time I played through. Restarting at last checkpoint fixed it. 




 This. These exact graphics and art. Beautiful. 




 I usually enjoy gaming parodies. That was just awful 




 Stop right there.  




 Yes. But there is a big difference between halo and destiny lore. Halos lore is much more expansive and frequent, tons of new posts pop up on /r/halostory. Its just a place for in depth discussion of the lore and where it can be the front page thing rather than clips.  




 Perfectly put 




 More pics. How tall are you? 




 That's actually hilarious 




 This is essentially it. Bungie went for fun. During the h1 commentary, they said "we tried to think what weaponry would be like 500 years from now, and it wouldn't have been fun, so we had to use conventional bullets." 




 WHERE DOES IT END. 




 Not sure honestly. I'm not mad either way. It would be nice to get some confirmation though. 




 Sapien Sunrise 









 If anything, he did what was within regulation. He did what he always had done, no huge risks. But at the time he was looking out for his ship. Huge mistake 




 John D Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie worth well into almost 1 trillion dollars. Decided it was time to give back to society in their later years, Rockefeller by himself ended up giving 585(?) billion dollars to philanthropic causes and leaving about 200 billion for his family. Carnegie gave just as much.  




 Then they get older and maul you. 




 I don't support subsidies of any kind. But he is like a modern day JP Morgan, Vanderbilt, and Rockefeller rolled into one. Only not as rich because his tech hasn't taken off yet and become mass market viable.  




 3 means heart. 




 He ruined halo with his sprint nonsense. The way sprint watered down gameplay, is the way his face was watered down.
Shill 




 Gamma company 3 




 Seriously FUCK DEL RIO.  




 Need better pic. Those suck 




 Yeah, in all likelyhood, it's Tit's McGee. But Dare is familiar with Buck, and she's already a spook. 
























