 Possibly Escaflowne 




 V/H/S 2 is pretty good as well. 




 I shouted at the screen for the last five minutes. 




 God yes! And, when you think about it  [](#s "you realise that there is no real threat and that only real villain is the now helpless old woman who dies half way through the film! ") 




 Sleepaway Camp  














 It's been a while.

Had a shithouse day?

Send me a message and I'll send you a pizza. 




 Can anyone suggest a good Melbourne based web designer to help me put together a basic site for my business?

I'm looking for someone creative (read, artsy) who is also professional.

 



















 I watched Zombieland recently and it made me feel ill. However, M* A* S* H, Buffy and Heartbreak High (Australian soap for teens I grew up on) all eclipse their cinematic origins.

 









 I've recently given up reading Empire and listening to film podcast because I got sick of spoilers and bad reviewes. Just because the film is called [](#s "Seeking Friend For The End Of The World") doesn't mean [](#s "the world is going to end in the movie") so don't mention that fact in the film! 

I'm also sick of the obsession with focusing on whether the reviewer liked or disliked the film. That was important when we had only papers to tell us if films were worth watching, now, with the internet, we can get a sense of quality in seconds. 

I want **real** analysis! Make me think!

 


































 I run a weekly variety show called The Variety Collective which I shamelessly PLUG here ever once and a while.

We're currently looking for new acts who'd like to perform at the show. We book professional and semi-professional performers including magicians, circus performers, sideshow artists, clowns (the good ones, not the creepy American style ones), musicians with gimmick and pretty much any other skill based entertainment you can think of. 

If you know of anyone or are a performer yourself it would be great to hear from you. 

 



















 I love con artist movies.

I just wrote a book on them which is coming out next year.

So, if you can name a con artist movie that I haven't seen I'll give you some sweet, sweet gold. 

I'm pretty picky about what films I consider con artist movies. (Ocean's 11, The Usual Suspects, The Thomas Crown Affair don't count I'm afraid)

http://scams.wikispaces.com/Cinematic+Scams

 














 I remember having nightmares about this scene from Pee Wee's Big Adventure.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzolCu-QLw0

Now, I don't know what I was so scared of. 



 




 For me it's always been Invasion of The Body Snatchers (1978).

http://www.filminamerica.com/Movies/InvasionOfTheBodySnatchers1978/invasion23.jpg

Even the Mad Magazine parody gave me nightmares.
What's yours? Post screenshots if you've got them. 




 Pick your favourite scene using special effect created with latex, models, perspective, stunts, explosions rather than CGI. 

Link to a video or pic if you can. 












































 Often, a movie adaptation will improve on the original book. The following are films I feel are an improvement on the source material. I've used spoiler tags as most relate to the ending.

Breakfast at Tiffany's
[spoiler] (#s  "The introduction of the love interest and the rain-soaked finale makes for a cheesy conclusion but I love it all the same.")

Fight Club [spoiler](#s  " 'You met me at a very strange time in my life" and then Boom! In the books, the attacks fail and he ends up in hospital.' ")

Matchstick Men [spoiler](#s "The reunion in the carpet store and the reconciliation with the wife  after the finale twist doesn't appear in the novel and it's kind of a downer.")

Thank You For Smoking [spoiler](#s "In the film, he becomes a hero and returns to work. In the book, he becomes an anti-smoking advocate.")

First Blood [spoiler](#s "In the original novel, Rambo is the bad guy and is shot to death. In the film, he is a troubled veteran whose actions are understandable.")

The Mist [spoiler](#s "In the film, he shoots his young son in the head to save him from the monsters in the fog not realising that help the sounds he hears is the army on the way. In the book, they simply drive into the mist.")

What are your favourites?



 


































 Listening to the radio a few weeks back, they were talking about the 'Dumb Ways To Die' video and it's success. 

One of the guests, who works in advertising, suggested that the advertisement's goal is NOT to make people safe around trains but to make Metro more likeable. 

It's much harder to be cynical about a whimsical safety advertisement than a whimsical crappy-public-transport-authority advertisement. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJNR2EpS0jw 




 A few people have bought up the Melbourne Magic Festival in the past few days so, as one of the organisers, I thought I'd start a one-stop thread for people to ask questions, make requests and post Arrested Development quotes.

The festivals runs from 1-13 July at Northcote Town Hall.

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/ 
























 I saw a guy ram a car with his motorcycle today and then swear at the driver. 

Sadly for him, the car was an unmarked police car and the driver and his passenger were cops.

The sirens went on and the jerk freaked out, sprinted across Bell Street and dove head first over the eight foot high fence before disappearing into the scrub around Merri Creek.

The cops took after him and the last thing I saw before the lights changed and I had to drive away was the podgy copper trying to scale the fence after him.

It was like something out of The Bill. 




 In hindsight, saying 'nothing sus' makes it sound sus.

I need a talented under 18 year old musician to do three songs for a gig on 5 June. It's a variety show (comedy, magic, circus etc.) and we need a shit hot musical act. 

There is some money involved which is nice. In the past, we've had everything from piano accordions and choirs to MCs and standard covers. 

Hit me up at info@conman.com.au or below. 












































 I do a show about scams and con artists and had a gig last night at Parliament House. Security searched my bag and, after seeing what I was carrying, decided to call the police.

My evening ended with me being interrogated by the Australian Protective Services for 20 minutes while they did a background check on me. 

"But officer, I'm an HONEST con man..." didn't seem to cut it.

In hindsight, trying to bring a hammer, two nails, a sharp knife, a lock picking set, two loaded dice and a small bottle of lighter fluid into the building might have been a mistake. 














 I'm putting together a board game event in July and I am looking for groups that might be keen to have some input on the show.

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/speaker-lineup/beat-the-cheat/ 
























 I've three double passes to my comedy festival show.

It's looking like a quiet night and I've got the Herald Sun reviewing my show. All the other reviews have been glowing but getting a nice review in print would be great. 

The show is an expose of my time as a regular on Today Tonight and all the awful things you didn't know about that show (as well as the awful things you already do know) 

If you're keen, email me at info@conman.com.au

PS - I've tried not to make this a blantant plug for the show. I'm really just giving away some tix.

EDIT 2: - The reviewers have asked to SWAP night to WEDNESDAY! So if anyone would like to come WEDNESDAY night, please email info@conman.com.au. Obviously happy to see the comps who are coming tonight!

www.conman.com.au/todaytonight
 




 I'm looking for someone who is enthusiastic and friendly who'd like to hand out flyers for me for my comedy festival show tonight (and several other nights) from 7:15-9:15 in town.

I can afford $15 per hour. 

Let me know if you're keen.   














 I help run a weekly show at The Brunswick Green. Every few weeks we invite a few redditors for free to get new audiences.

This week, I have three double passes. Hit me up on info@conman.com.au if you want one. 

https://www.facebook.com/events/346992812087221/?fref=ts

"If it wasn't for the last minute I wouldn't get anything done at all"

This week's Variety Collective is packed full of last minute acts direct from the Adelaide Fringe and warming up for the Melbourne Comedy Festival.

NEIL SINCLAIR - Comedian and lying bastard!

BAYDEN HAMMOND - Magician and swell guy!

CHRISTOPHER ZALUSKI - Foot juggler and NICA graduate!

BOSS OCTOPUS - Sketch comedians!

KIM CHRISTENSEN - Contact juggler and street performer!

WITH your host, the man the Adelaide Advertiser described as having 'a pumpkin shaped head' NICHOLAS J. JOHNSON!

8:00pm on 13 March

The Brunswick Green
313 Sydney Road
Brunswick

All Tickets - $10

https://www.facebook.com/events/346992812087221/?fref=ts 




 I've been developing a simple yet kind of addictive card game over the past year. The idea is for players to act as spiders and spin a web to help win a prize. Players can cut, tangle and steal each other's webs.

There are pictures that explain the game better here at the facebook page I set up the other day...

https://www.facebook.com/danglegame

Have you seen a similar game before?

 




 I need a QUALIFIED handy man to build some floor to ceiling, wall to wall shelves. The job with probably involved a bit of joinery.

Any recommendations? 




 I opened my stand up show Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World last year in Melbourne and couldn't have done it with the support of all the redditors who plugged it and came along.

So i'm paying it forward and giving away some free tickets to my show at Gluttony for the next two weeks. 

We had a full house last night and comments from twitter said:

"Just saw Today Tonight. Magnificent! Highly recommend." - @screamcreative2

"go see this show! you will be surprised!" @traceymathers 

"This is a brilliant show, everyone should see this show, very smart comedy." lebby panaayiotu. 

If you'd a free double pass hit me up on email to info@conman.com.au with the date you want to come (I'm on until the 9 March).

www.conman.com.au/todaytonight

EDIT: Thanks for the love guys. Had a few redditors come in and see the show last night. It's a tough fringe for performers so it's nice to know I have friends out there. I can spare a few more tickets if anyone missed out.  














 I run The Variety Collective every week at The Brunswick Green on Sydney Road. 

We have a rusted on fan base of people who come every week to watch comedy, magic etc.

I'd like to bring in a new audience so I thought I'd give a few double passes to my reddit friends.

Send me an email to info@conman.com.au.

https://www.facebook.com/events/362457663861245/?fref=ts

EDIT ONE: A few tickets left...I'll let you know when they are all gone. 
























 TO: Goodlife Health Clubs, Australia
SUBJECT: Are you shitting me?

I quit your crappy gym FIVE YEARS ago. 

You wouldn't take no for an answer and spammed me for MONTHS afterwards. 

I had to threaten legal action to get you to stop sending your damn crappy emails.

And now, in 2013, you've started again.

I'd rather sit alone in my house, morbidly obese eating shake-a-pancake from the bottle than ever deal with you people again. 

Sod off.

Nicholas 














 ...and my damn iphone just ran out of juice.

Was it pair of docs? Or a paradox? 

EDIT:

Doxxus has pics:  http://i.imgur.com/WlKIP8G.jpg 



















 I was looking at the Kickstarter/Pozible projects I've supported and there isn't really a pattern to what I like. Sometimes I'm just on the bandwagon, other times I just want to know the game EXISTS (even if I don't play it)

What makes you support a campaign?

 









 I can only clearly remember two scenes.

One, involved a politician, possibly the prime minister standing on balcony shouting insanely while an aide tries to convince to take cover. Moments later, a nuclear bomb goes off.

The other, set after the apocalypse, sees a group of people kept in a cage while lions and tigers circle them as the new ruling class laugh at this 'reverse zoo'

it was a really disturbing satire of the politics of the time. 

(it's NOT Threads :) ) 
 









 I'm looking to print my first card game and I've been recommended contacting this Indian company. 

http://www.playingcardsindia.com

Has anyone ever played any of the games they have printed? Or can you offer me any advice or picking a printer?

Thanks in advance.

EDIT: The game I am creating is called Dangle (http://danglegame.tumblr.com)

 




 I love film but I am entirely sick of our culture's obsession with ranking, rating and reviewing them. 

I don't really care if a critic thinks a film is good or bad, I'm more interested in analysis, interesting trivia and where a movie fits in the history of film.

I spend less time here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1478964/reviews
and more time here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1478964/trivia

Can anyone suggest any good podcasts I can listen too?

 









 I'm looking to print a 100 card game next year and I'm looking at various options for printing.

The game involves a lot of laying down and picking up card from the table so I really need something thick and high quality.

I've check out game crafter but I'm looking for other ideas.

Thanks for any help! 







































 Been sick as a dog this week. I thought it was food poisoning but it's hung around for days.

Is there a nasty stomach virus going around?  









 It turns out there is some sort of sporting event on tomorrow night, the second night of my Fringe Festival show which means tickets sales are down a little. 

Since redditors were nice enough to come out to my test show back in August, I thought I'd throw out five double passes for the Saturday night show. 

The show is called Today Tonight, Tomorrow The World and tells the tale about how I sold my soul to the most infamous show on Australian television, Today Tonight!

Send me an email at info@conman.com.au to score one of the double passes.

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/ 
























 I'm putting on a show in a few weeks about being a little bit famous.

Have you ever been on TV or in a movie? 

What did you do?

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/ 




 I'm in town for a few days and I keep hearing people dissing Melbourne.

I didn't know this was a thing. 

Also, people keeping telling me a look like a pedophile and/or hipster. 

Is there a big problem with hipsters/pedophiles in Sydney?

 









 It's that time again.

Had a shit house day?

Send me a message and I'll send you a pizza.



 




 Had a shitty day?

Time for a random act of pizza.

Send me a message and I'll send you a piping hot pizza.

EDIT: Pizzas are all gone for tonight. May the pizza gods smile on you. 



 




 I'm hoping to put on a free night of comedy while I'm in Sydney in a couple of nights.

I'll be previewing my new one man show before it premieres at Melbourne Fringe Festival at the end of the month. I did a preview earlier this week in Melbourne and it went quite well.

All I need is a small space with a bar and possibly a data projector.

Any ideas of where I could I put on such a night?
Would you guys like to come?

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/

 




 I suffer from anxiety, particularly relating to money and bookkeeping. Often, if I make a mistake on an invoice, I don't get paid rather than go through the stress of resending the account. It's a serious problem that I'm slowly working through.

As such, I just can not handle complicated book keeping software. I've been using a 20 year old copy of MS Money for years which has a basic ledger (income/expense) which has finally stopped working. I'm a sole trader who provides a service.

I need to upgrade but I can't find a piece of software I can handle. All I need is to track income and expense taking into account a 10% sales tax. (GST, I'm in Australia).

I'm working on Mac if that helps.

Thank you in advance for any advice you can give. 




 I'm trying to plug an event and I'm looking for good, free Melbourne gig guides (like Eventfinder or OnlyMelbourne).

Are there any that use or like? 




 Fans of This American Life will already know who Mike Birbiglia. He's a comedian who, with the help of Ira Glass, has made a hilarious movie called "Sleepwalk with Me"

http://movies.mmgn.com/Videos/SLEEPWALK-WITH-ME-Official-Trailer

It's only being shown at a handful of cinemas in the US and it would be awesome to bring it to Melbourne. 

Joss Wedon thinks this is a bad idea: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj6_020FFXU

If you want this awesome film in Melbourne, head over to Cinema Nova's facebook page and twitter and ask them nicely. 

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cinema-Nova/118158071574996
https://twitter.com/cinemanova 









 FREE COMEDY and AMA.

In October, I'm premiring a brand spanking new show at Melbourne Fringe.

It's a stand up comedy show about the time I appeared on Today Tonight, meeting Naomi Robson and getting screwed over by the show. 

It's called 'Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World'

I'm having a test run of the show on 28 August at The Brunswick Green and I'd really like to get some complete strangers along to laugh at my jokes or throw puppies if you hate it. (please don't throw puppies. It's not their fault I'm not funny)

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/

If anyone has any other ideas on how to get some people along to check out some free comedy, let me know.

Thanks. 

PS - You don't HAVE to hate Today Tonight but it helps.

PPS - Ask me anything about myself, Today Tonight or comedy.

EDIT - I've had 50 people email me at info@conman.com.au to book a seat. However, you might still get a seat if you just show up on the night.

EDIT - If you miss out on the preview, here is the Melbourne Fringe link. http://www.melbournefringe.com.au/fringe-festival/show/today-tonight-tomorrow-the-world/ 




 I am super pumped.

The Melbourne Magic Festival is on next week. I just found out the first show (the gala) I'm in has sold out.

Is anyone planning on going?
 




 I currently live in Northcote and I'm thinking of moving cross town to Footscray.

Will I be stabbed in neck?
Will my friends visit me?
 




 I am a magician (hoorah) performing at the Melbourne Magic Festival (hoorah) but I need some help. (boo!)

I'm looking for a 1.25 or 2 litre bottle of coke with someone's name printed on it from that promotion from late last year.

Any name will do!

If you can help, I can even get you a few tickets to a show. We've got stuff for kid's, adults, hipsters, crazy old cat ladies... 




 I am a magician (hoorah) performing at the Melbourne Magic Festival (hoorah) but I need some help. (boo!)

I'm looking for a 1.25 or 2 litre bottle of coke with someone's name printed on it from that promotion from late last year.

Any name will do!

If you can help, I can even get you a few tickets to a show. We've got stuff for kid's, adults, hipsters, crazy old cat ladies.

 

 





























 Can someone please explain to me exactly what a Homeowner's Association is?  




 No. Just No. Stalactites is the place you go at four in the morning when everywhere is shut. 




 That man is very attractive. I found it very distracting.
 




 "He's not coming back" 




 I loved it. I don't know how many interminable entitled rich family dramas I've say thought thinking 'I wish someone would come and kill all these people.' 

That said, I think it did go a little too far into schlock at the end.  




 I thought it was too soon to be in other formats. 

I sing Space Oddity to my daughter as a lullaby. We took her to see the movie at the drive in. She slept through it. 




 I didn't realise this was available as a download.  




 As little respect I have for Hubbard and his 'works' there is little evidence he actually said this. This article covers both sides.

http://www.sweenytod.com/cos/didhesaythis.html

 




 Then we can finally get The Street Fighter II movie the world deserves!  




 Heath Ledger slowly opens his eyes surrounded by machines and chemicals.

"What happened?" 

"Mr Ledger. You've been dead for fives years." says the scientist. "But, with the latest technology, we've been able to cheat death itself and raise you, like Lazarus, from your grave. We don't have long though. The process is only temporary."

"Oh god! Thank you! I'll have one more chance to hold my daughter. To say a proper goodbye to my family. I'll be able talk to Michelle. I always regretted how things ended between us. Thank you for this second chance!"

"I'm sorry Mr Ledger. There isn't much time and we need you to make another Batman movie."

 




 Cancer? 




 I agree. All characters in all movies should be played by a beiged coloured, genderless creature with no distinguishing features at all. That's something we can all enjoy.

https://fbcdn-profile-a.akamaihd.net/hprofile-ak-prn1/50515_243006402673_3668975_n.jpg 




 I'd suggest re-reading what you just wrote and having another stab at it. You might have a point in there somewhere but your sentences make little sense.

EDIT: Your/you're dammit. 




 Not really. Every time an article mentions the test, its limitations are mentioned.  




 Huzzah. Dropped twenty bucks.  




 It says zero days left!  




 Rainbow attracts a very different audience to Edinburgh Gardens.  




 Technically, it was promoted by Melbourne City Council as a place to watch the fireworks last year. 10,000 people showed up and trashed the park. This year, Yarra City Council begrudgingly provided some services.  
 




 You're an idiot. 

Asking people to use a bin is not the same as asking people not to have an abortion. 

 




 It's only a disaster if you live in the area. 




 I'm calling bullshit. While there might be true events that inspired filmmakers to create a fictional work, there is no way most of these films are 'based on' true stories. 

 




 I had the opposite reaction. Wait? The  guy who made Braindead/Dead Alive, Meet The Feebles and Bad Taste is being given millions to make Lord of The Rings? 




 Steven Sodeburgh always surprised me. Magic Mike, Haywire, Schizopolis 




 You'll need to google it like I did.  




 I do that all the time. I was trying to google 'Racist Mascots' the other week and my mind wandered half way through. Long story short, I now have the phrase 'Racist Masturbation' on my search history.   




 My daughter is 36. She's getting really sick of my shit.  




 George R. R. Martin bought an old movie theatre and watches films from the cry room so we can enjoy the movie without the rest of the audience noticing him as the owner/author. 

http://www.npr.org/2013/10/07/227772024/george-r-r-martin-author-and-movie-theater-guy 




 I take my daughter to the drive in and the special bring your babies sessions.  




 Also, cash converters.  




 Also, don't use a boxcutter. Good advice. 




 It. Not I. Sorry. I should have been clearer. 




 He was in the movie so, yes. Yes, I do.

EDIT: Clarity. 




 He could have played Parker too.  




 I know right? How DARE they feel bad when someone tells a racist joke? I feel so oppressed. 




 Sadly, the large majority of people who make racist jokes lack the cognitive abilities to be able to tell whether their friends is smiling politely or genuinely amused. 

I have friend who CONSTANTLY makes Jew jokes. He just does not get that it offends and annoys our jewish friends, despite what they tell him.

 




 This, a thousand times over.  




 http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/329/e/9/avengers_booty_ass_emble_by_kevinbolk-d4hb4xl.jpg 




 Kung Pow fans don't even know how to spell the word awful.  




 Life is Beautiful killed me.  




 Fun fact! This is called Gestalt's Law of Continuity. With information removed, our brains tend to fill in that information by continuing the already existing pattern. In this case, we imagine the nude woman because all we see is skin. SCIENCE! 

 




 That's a mean thing to say.  




 Slut? Really? You're calling Catwoman a slut?  




 And here is Anchorman 1...

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0357413/?ref_=nv_sr_2 




 Clue 




 That is, perhaps, the single most American thing I've ever read. 




 And not to be confused with 'The Double'

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWhikLYeSQ0

 




 I really enjoyed Side By Side. Keanu Reeves' contribution to film is underrated, even if his acting isn't.   




 Is that the Saddam Hussein one?
 




 Where can I see it? 




 But we're in love with the IDEA of them. That counts right?
 




 My pick is Fortress (1986) the Australian horror film about a group of children and their teacher kidnapped for ransom. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfTkKaSZFyk

Upvote the movies you haven't seen, downvote the ones you have 




 I thought you were telling us that 'Suggestions   Requests' are the two things canadians can't live without.  




 A lot of people see Enemy of the State as the sequel to The Conversation.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Conversation#Enemy_of_the_State_connections 




 The original video is deeply disturbing. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOyDrycsS2g 




 Coburg is a great suburb but Pentridge Village is not great. It has a depressing vibe and isn't really near very much of interest. 

If you're on a budget, you could do better. 









 Shane Maloney's series is fantastic. The protagonist is a political fixer for the ALP at a state level during the Kennett years. http://shanemaloney.com/books.

The original Melbourne crime novel is The Mystery of The Hansom Cab. 

EDIT: What the hell I am doing? I have my own Melbourne crime novel, Chasing The Ace, coming out in July next year through Simon   Schuster.  http://trove.nla.gov.au/work/186497152?selectedversion=NBD52121192 




 There were concerns a few years back about the number of deaths at Melbourne Zoo but nothing came of it. 

http://www.worldzootoday.com/2008/10/19/call-for-melbourne-zoo-inquiry-as-animal-deaths-hit-486/ 




 Comedy, reddit style. 

http://tcmmoviemorlocks.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/krusty.jpg 




 Not enough cake on a cake pop! 




 I will defend tiny cakes to my dying day. 




 God yes. 




 Oh! And food trucks. 




 I refuse to wait in line at a restaurant. I don't care how good you think Mamasita is, I'm not going to stand in a stairway for an hour when I can get dumplings a couple of hundred metres away in minutes.  




 Snowtown 




 Life Is Beautiful  




 The most depressing piece of movie trivia is about the 14 year old girl from The Crow. 

 After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009 




 That's a long commute. 

To be honest, it was a charity raffle and I didn't really want any of the stuff in the basket that desperately. (except maybe the box of favourites) 




 I don't know, my wife would probably not be too keen on the idea... 




 nah, that's ok...i guess. 
 




 Woah! There was an ICE CREAM MAKER? Deals off, I'm coming to get it. :) 




 If you could provide us with a list of the wonderful crap in the basket, that would be great! 




 Or lazy :) 




 Thanks 




 Cool, is your real name Alannah Rose? 




 It's a raffle I entered full of random stuff. DVDs, Gardening supplies etc. I live in Preston and don't want to make the journey. 

EDIT 

Turns out the gift basket contained an ice Cream Maker, Two Nickelodeon DVDs, a man dvd boxset, a pack of screwdrivers, a portable gas bbq, a 30 metre hose, wooden blocks that spell HOME, a box of Favorites and two bottles of Wine. 


 









 Here in Australia we had thing happen. After 35 people were killed in a 1996 massacre, the conservative Prime Minister, immediately put a strict control on guns 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Arthur_massacre_(Australia) 




 I'm not sure I understand the point of this film.

The conclusion the films seems to be the exact opposite of what actually happened.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._L._Travers#Disney_version


 




 I was going to post a link to some Danish Cookie pics I submitted last week but don't want to be accused of being a karma whore.

So here is a link to where 9GAG ripped them off instead.

http://9gag.com/gag/ab5gzBB 




 Independence Day 

The Americans have had a non functioning alien spaceship since the fifties. What if they were able to study the ship and use what the learnt as a basis for modern computing.

This would make it more believable that the two systems work in a similar enough way to connect the ships.

 




 Where can we hear him play? I hate to donate money and find out he is a terrible musician?

;)  




 So that's why this will never be made...

http://images.amcnetworks.com/ifc.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/patt-star-wars2.jpg 




 *He's so hot right now.  




 That's ok. I've never been to Legoland 




 Check out Meet The Feebles. One of Peter Jacksons first films 




 Australia here. I don't know why I wrote cookie. 




 That was the other part of the gift. I just had a daughter. Cookies for me. Book for her. 




 They do indeed fit. See my other comments on the subject. 




 They do, see other comments 




 Count the number of skulls.  




 You're right, they look really tiny too in that picture. 




 I'm a grown man on reddit. What did you expect? ;)

 




 http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I agree. I was a tiny bit disappointed she fill it with junk not sewing stuff.  




 Worse.

I ate all the cookies. 

:( 




 I would like to formally apologise to r/movies for starting this god awful depressing thread. May god have mercy on my soul. 




 
http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I ate that second layer of cookies in about two hours. And I regret nothing. 




 Sweet holy crap. Count the number of skulls on the black and white pencil in both shots you said lonely little man.

 




 Oh god. I regret asking the question... 




 I can't believe I just took a extra photograph of some pencils in a tin because some reddit douchebag lacks basic spatial awareness and geometrical education. 

http://imgur.com/SVm195z


 









 I read this today on the IMDB page of Rochelle Davis, the 14 year old girl who played Sarah in the The Crow. It broke my heart.

*After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009.* 




 One of my favourite films of all time.  




 Neil Hope, much like the character he played, lost his parents young and struggled with alcoholism after Degrassi. He died in 2007.

What's really sad it the general public didn't realise he had passed until last year. 
 









 I feel genuinely happy for that man. It probably made the mascot's day too. 




 Die Hard 4.0.

The computer nerd is play by Kevin Smith 




 My favourite review quote so far. 

"The Crocodile Dundee II of superhero films-in a good way!" - Slate

 




 I read that whole storyline when it first came out. I was 13 at the time and read it at my local newsagent/newstand after school. I'd finish school, go to the shop and read a couple of pages of the latest issue until the owner told me to get lost.

It was the first comic storyline I read from start to finish and has coloured all of my reading since. 
 




 I work as a writer and consultant on con artists and scams so this is somewhat my specialty subject. 

Most 'real world' pickpockets lack the delicate skill of pickpocket entertainers or 'honest' pickpockets. After all, some one like Apollo will steal the watch off your wrist even after he's told you that he is going to. 

Street pickpockets rely on crowds, heavy misdirection and teamwork to steal your belongings. Entertainers have to do it under a literal spotlight.

Bob Arno is also very good but, if you're looking for a teacher, Apollo can not be beat. 

You might enjoy this annotated video I made of the opening scene of The Pickpocket (1954)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ighoD9vtpGQ 




 This is brilliant.  




 Hipsters aren't that bad! They're they ones who listen to all the new shitty music and find the good stuff so the rest of us don't have to! 

 




 Really not a fan of that film. The opening 10 minutes is an amazing piece of film making but the rest feels like a series of oscar baiting cameos and mindless patriotism.   




 There is nothing natural about riding a horse so hard that it breaks it's leg, something that happens regularly in the horse racing industry. 

There is employment in many, many terrible things in the world, that does not mean we should continue doing them.  




 The danger of running is that their leg snaps to the point of having to kill it where it lays

How is that not dangerous? Or cruel?

The horse racing industry know of the risk they are putting these animals into and they continue to do it.

 


 




 Bullshit! This activity puts horses into dangerous positions again and again and then kills them when they are injured.  




 Rucker's Hill baby! 




 New Favourite Phrase "Moonbats Crackers" 




 Shatter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shatter_(digital_comic) 




 I can't believe I'm the first the post Patton Oswalt's franchise crossing Star Wars pitch.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOsKISBkIlQ 




 Wow! That's a rough year of movie going. 




 1. The Big Lebowski
2. The Big Lebowski
3. The Big Lebowski

That's an awesome film and 1998 was a shit year for movies  




 I used to live at the end of Eastment St. It was a hipster paradise  




 Anthony Hopkings on actors who stay in character between takes...

Its a pain in the ass. Who the hell wants to be with some miserable grump because he wants to get his performance right, so you have to call him this or call him that? 

"Its so boring. Ive been with actors like that and theyre a pain in the ass, they really are. Theyre unpleasant to work with and I dont think theyre always that good either."
 




 Fat Will Arnett!  




 Gladiator (1992) 
























 Werewolf! 




 I was by myself. I just couldn't understand what I was watching. Maybe I should rewatch it. 




 I really am sorry. I'm just the worst person alive.  









 It certainly does fit the show. 




 You're right, after sitting through the whole series, I shouldn't have been surprised. 

I have no one to blame but myself. 




 Yes - this is it. It was awful, just...awful 




 I've run naked through traffic with my eyes closed TONS of times and I have only been hit once. Take THAT science. 




 I just didn't believe that then aliens would be convinced to leave by that speech. Aside from that, I loved it. 




 God that movie fills me with rage.  




 Life Is Beautiful. That film me broke me. 




 You didn't like Avengers? 




 I feel so embarrassed how disturbing I found those suicides  




 You think Goodfellas is a bad movie???? 




 For me, I love Bisons 'Tuesday' speech in Street Fighter. So camp. So evil.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlhOUyy4wbs 




 I saw this in a movie about a bus that had to SPEED around the city, keeping its SPEED over fifty, and if its SPEED dropped, it would explode! I think it was called...
http://www.tshirtlaundry.com/assets/images/photos/Speed2-14-2012-2.jpg 




 But everyone was too scared to tell him to his face 




 I don't know the context of his remarks but, based on what I know about Smith, he's talking about mean spirited critics and internet haters.

Constructive criticism, honest feedback and a strong editorial hand provide the difference between a professional novel and then inane ramblings of a wannabe writer.  




 I had the same problem with jeans from another shop. I was wearing them too low. 




 ...of domestic abuse and unrepentant attackers?  




 The top comment is a link to a poster for the 1986 cartoon. All of the positive comments under that relate to that movie, not the Bay films. 




 I have a connection to the early 80's film and had a knee jerk reaction to her having straight hair in 99. 

 




 Skyfall: [](#s "Silva achieved his goal of killing M. The only difference is that more people died because of Bond's involvement.") 




 This would be my pick. 




 That's the one! It wasn't a great movie but it stuck in my head for some reason. 




 IF you pay, they'll want more. If you refuse to pay, they'll expose you.

The best idea would be to waste their time. Slow down the process. Ask them questions about Western Union. Make excuses. Act confused. 

There is a chance they will just expose you anyway but the scammer knows he can only expose you once and so will be unlikely to give up on you if he just thinks you're incompetent. 

 




 Aside from scam baiting them, there isn't a lot you can do. Depending on the country of origin, scam baiting CAN be effective in slowing down the swindlers.

If the scam came from Nigeria, chances are it's linked to organised time and all you'd be doing is wasting the time of some low level wage slave.

If the scam came from Ghana then you'd be dealing with a sole trader whose time is precious and who can't afford to waste time on red herrings and dead ends. 

Realistically, the best thing you and your friend can do is tell the story to as many people as possible. The more people who know, the harder it is for the scammers. 




 I have. Couple of laptops, phones etc. 




 Not that I can tell. It's an old house so there could be. I think the cabling from the street to the socket might be the problem. 




 Preston 




 I don't have a phone, just the cord going into the wall. Will a filter make a difference? 




 Good idea!  




 Brand new!  




 A group of university students accidentally kill a girl and dispose of the body. One of the groups gets arrested that night for stealing a car that was involved in the girl's death. The rest of the group let him go to prison for the car theft.

Years later, he gets out of prison and begins tormenting the group with what they did, threatening their now perfect lives. 

At the end of the movie  [spoiler](/s "the tormenter forces the group to help dig up the girl's body. Thinking he is about to expose them all they kill the man. They then discover the shallow grave actually contains a dummer. They then find out the girl was never murdered and that the death was an elaborate prank. He never told them it was a prank because they let him go to jail for the car theft. ") 




 That's the only thing left to replace. Hopefully it won't come to that! 




 Both! But wired is slightly better. 




 It works slightly better plugged in but still drops out. I've tried two different modems. Thanks. 




 Netgear
Yes
No
No
No

It is near an old gas heater.

Thanks! 




 I've replaced every piece of equipment in the house, TPG has run a dozen line checks, Telstra has come out twice to check the line too but I still have spotting internet that drops out all the time.

Is there a company that I can pay to come and sort this shit out for me? 




 I've been out of the game for a long time. In my day, we did it all with overhead projectors and slides.  




 The rap version in Austin Powers is a parody of the Jay-Z version of the song Ghetto Anthem.  




 Should have written it in braille! 









 Worked for me too. 




 Last Action Hero, while a fun movie was panned at the time for being endemic of the bloated budget, mindless action movies of the time. Ironically, it was criticised for being the very kind of film it was trying to parody.

The project was passed from director to director and screenwriter to screenwriter taking on comedy, action and fantasy elements as it went. One minute the film is a sad tale about a boy who worships the movie, the next a rollicking adventure adventure and then suddenly a child gets thrown to his death off a building. And oh look, an animated cat.

The studio just kept throwing money and resources at the movie trying to make it into the summer blockbuster it could never be.

And then Jurassic Park was released in the same week and the whole thing fell apart. The movie, which isn't awful, was humiliated by the success of both Spielburg's film and Sleepless in Seattle.

For more, read Hit and Run by Nancy Griffin. 




 My mighty heart is breaking 




 Monty Python and The Holy Grail is the ultimate sudden ending.
 




 
Most of Hitchcock's films have sudden endings. Take North by Northwest.  [](#s " Heroine is hanging off Mount Rushmore. Hero pulls her up. Cut to hero pulling her up onto top bunk some time later laughing and chatting. Train goes through tunnel. The End.") 




 It also highlights Walt and Jesse's move into the big time and what a slick operation Gus runs. 




 I read this as "Micheal Bay to remake Citizen Kane." 




 She was the mean judge and was rude to contestants.  




 I am the wordbank

Woolloomooloo. 




 "Bloody well don't"
"Never said I represent Australia, Mate"

Yep, they're both Australian. 




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/de/Futurama_title_screen.jpg 




 Over the last few years there has been a hate campaign against one of the judges on Australia's Next Top Model including the hashtag #gohangyourself. 

Last week, Charlotte Dawson took her own life. 

http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-02-22/tv-personality-charlotte-dawson-found-dead/5277364

One of her friends had this response.

http://badhostess.com/charlotte-dawson-was-better-than-you/ 




 [When you are the moon...](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhb7upySB51qh8gjko1_500.png) 




 I saw these pants advertised when I was a kid in the 80's. I would have killed to have but, of course, I didn't have the appropriate pants to take a life. 




 Made me think of Day of The Tentacle.  




 Man, that's a deep cut. Kudos. 




 I try not to watch Raiders too often. I don't want to spoil it.  




 I saw The Room 34 times at the movie before 'drunken youths' took over the weekly screenings. 

My wife and I have watched Clue every Christmas for the past ten years.

God I sound old. 




 Here's a fresh link...
http://i.imgur.com/zjx2WGk.jpg 




 "I'm going home to sleep with my wife" - Clue
 




 THIS IS BULLSHIT! FUCKING BULLSHIT! MEN OVER-REACT TOO!

I'M A MAN AND LOOK HOW MUCH I'M OVER-REACTING!   




 This city has some of the best coffee in the world, stop recommending Starbucks and McCafe!

In town, 1000 pound bend, Journal, Degraves St (in general) all have wifi. 




 Welcome to reddit.  




  *As a Faith Driven Consumer, are you satisfied with a Biblically themed movie  designed to appeal to you  which replaces the Bibles core message with one created by Hollywood?*

That's push polling if ever I saw it. 




 When my wife was eight months pregnant she was standing on the 86 while two middle aged women sat in the priority seat talking loudly about how difficult it was being pregnant and how they were glad that was all over now.

 




 Very Bad Things filled me with a sense of murderous rage. Just awful. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObsivKt_XzA  




 The Ninth Gate based on the book The Club Dumas.  




 I didn't even know that was a song about Sydney. I need to listen to lyrics more. 




 Title pretty much says it all. I listened to Love This Sydney for the first time in years and realised it's a pretty terrible song. Any ideas as a replacement for the ultimate Sydney song? 




 Her name isn't Miley either. It's  Destiny Hope Cyrus
 




 For those interested, here is the real graph for the name Ellen. 

http://www.babynamewizard.com/d3js-voyager/popup.html#prefix=ellen sw=both exact=false 









 Here is a children of Men Making of that explains how they did the tracking shot. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBfsJ7K1VNk 




 A Touch Of Evil - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8AXd1ayxrg 




 As well as being what I want from a Purge film, this also what I want from a trailer. Explain the premise then the rest is just mood. 

 




 I think it might be Lisa's First Word and it's a baby Lisa in flashback form.  




 [](#s "Read the book! Frankenstein dies, the monster carries him into the snow. He implies he'll kill himself but we never see if he does.") 




 Sorry - I should have used a spoiler tag

[](#s "Frankenstein dies in the end.") 




 I wish you all the luck for the future and hold the sincere hope that this is a phase you're going through.  




 I crafted a well thought out response to your misguided posts above then saw your username and thought better of it.  




 That movie about the kid who learns to fly alien spaceships on arcade machines 




 Waiting For Godot? 




 Doctor Jekyll and Mr Hyde. 

The pair never meet because they are the same person... 




 Lord of The Rings - [](#s "Frodonever meets Sauron.")

The Pledge -  [](#s "jack Nicholason never finds the murderer.")

Duel - [](#s "we never see the villain's face.")

 




 You kind of buried the lead there. zombie BEAVERS. 




 The XXpendables 




 But sexy israeli soldiers right? And not too smart for the scientist yeah?  




 I have very strong feelings about the Massachusetts Rifle Association.  




 My favourite bit is when the deductive reasoning lingo comes out. Straw man! False premise!  




 I'm sorry. If it helps, you can pretend I'm a woman.  




 Argh! Should have stayed in school 




 Are MRAs making up fictional women to be upset by now? 




  FICTIONAL girlfriend logic.

 




 Why is it that the only way the filmmakers can imagine an 'all-girl' action squad is to have them go undercover as prostitutes? 




 Is the book written in first person? 




 one down, two to go.  




 Isn't that just English but you don't spell colour with a U and you begin all of your sentences with 'y'all.'

It's like Australian Standard English is just English with 'ya bastard' at the end of every sentence. 




 They should put that on IMDB.  




 As an Australian let me just make sure I've got this straight, this commercial was 'controversial' because they were speaking foreign languages and not English

And all this is is despite the fact English IS a foreign language from, you know, England and is just one of 330 spoken in the country, over 175 of which are indigenous?

EDIT: AND, I've just learned, English isn't even the official language of America! 







  




 Lion King was my first date movie age 14. :) 




 I take her all the time. I either go to the drive in (where no one can hear her scream) or to Cry Baby Sessions they have first thing in the morning. She loves it. 




 The first film my daughter 'saw' was Gravity (age 6 weeks). The first film I saw was The Last Unicorn.


 




 Of course! It's like how we say footpath instead of sidewalk and illegal boat person instead of refugee.

EDIT: sidewalk not pavement. I'm the worst person alive. 
EDIT 2: It is not illegal to arrive in Australia by boat and seek refugee status.  




 FUN FACT: In Australia, the film is known as FLYING HIGH for some reason. 




 The only thing you're missing is a small part of your soul that Darabount ripped out and threw into the void. You will never be whole again.

Sorry.  




 Hustle and Leverage steal plots from movies rather than 'reference'. 




 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1614989/ 




 They did yes. It's in the trailer. 




 I can't believe I have seen one! 

All I remember is that the main character gets into a fight and is rescued by a jewish man who finds a star of david on the ground and assumes it is his and so the hero pretends to be jewish.

 




 

"Listen, the three principals are still with us. Tim Robbins, Greta Scathii, Cynthia Stevenson. And so are the characters, Gil, Bonnie and June Gudmundsdottir. Gil and June are married, still. They live in a big, post modern, glass in the Hollywood Hills. And Bonnie lives with them." 



 




 And Native Americans are akin to alien creatures! 




 That's what circumcision is for. Bring it back to a 1:1 ratio.  









 I just went into Evil Empire on Sydney Road. A lot of great old stuff there at rock bottom prices. I picked up seven trade paper backs for $30 




 That's good advice. As a reader, I can't understand why people would even READ a sequel when they haven't read the original. I'm amazed that more people bought the last Harry Potter than any other book in the series!  




 So, you did what everyone else does at the casino? 




 No. This is not correct and shows a basic lack of understand in mathematics. 

 




 From what I understand for my contacts at Crown, there is a lot of heat on those tables from security. He believes they re-introduced them to encourage wannabe card counters to try their luck, knowing most will fail to do it properly.

 




 I stand corrected.  




 Bad Lands 




 Only if they were forced to do it against their will. Otherwise it's a just a bunch of people dressing up as characters from movies for fun.  




 I found him under the house. My father hung him up. 









 I also found a dead possum. I'm keeping him.
http://imgur.com/4d4h5TL 




 In his own words...

 The show most go on... Yesterday during one of my escape street shows... I had this happen. 
 
 I was tired up, for my friends that have not seen it, in a large canvas drawstring sack., then bound with tips ropes. Also my thumbs were taped together. I had a crowd of about 150 people watching,. 
 
 At this point I'm pretty much like an upside down spittle. 
 
 Out of nowhere this crazy guy rugby tackles me knocking me to the ground and falling on top of me. A couple of other performer came and dragged the guy off. His mate was recording it for YouTube as a stunt. They then both ran off. Somehow I regained my composure and explained to the audience and children how stupid it was. I finished the show in mega pain but full of adrenalin. I went home very sore and after not being able to lay down went the the hospital where I spent most of the night waiting to be seen(not complaining many people needed help before me) 
 
 The outcome is that he broke 2 of my ribs and I am now on very song painkillers. It will take 6 weeks to mend. 
 
 I am up after 2 hours sleep and on my way to do a gig. 
 
 If anyone sees a YouTube of this please let me know, it had been reported to the police and they are investigating cctv footage.
 


Any help would be great. Patty is the nicest man alive and does not deserve this shit. 




 Toupee for working. He wrote an article about it. 
























 The millions of people who watch it I'd imagine.  




 For example, a lot has been written about the 'angry black woman' in shows like Survivor and The Apprentice. Every talent show seems to have a mean judge of some description. 

What are some others?
 




 Really? I'm really fascinated by the use of bossage in the bachelor's third series. 




 Here's a mirror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAGKl9zjs1s 




 Crank 




 Wow! Cosmo is a kind of a dick. 

 




 I have never seen the female version of any of these articles before. Do you have examples? 

  




 So long as we get [](#s "babies getting lethally injected and popped down the garbage chute, I'm happy!") 









 I like it! Still, he was the aggressor.  




 Godzilla was kind of a dick. 

The Muto were just trying to reproduce and feed, perfectly natural behaviour that we humans, like ants, got in the way of. 

Godzilla on the other hand came out of nowhere, killed the creatures and went home. He didn't even feed on them like a real 'apex predator' would have. 

Team Muto. 




 I'm glad it is just not me.  




 If you liked Payback you should read the original novel, Parker or event the amazing graphic novel. Do NOT see the Jason Statham version. 




 Maybe you might like to rewatch some of your favourites. I'm sure you've some great films that would be worth a second look. 









 Great to see an original film that isn't a squeal or an adaptation or a reboot smashing it.

(or a sequel to a reboot of an adaptation like TASM2) 




 Not so sure that decades of homophobia can be put to rest by a stand up comedian, an urban dictionary link and a meme.

You should have included a link to that south park episode.

 




 To annoy homophobes like you two? 




 Of course it is our concern, OP might not have considered whether it was a good idea or not before posting. bi-work was pointing that out.  




 I keep hearing about young girls really being into Thor. Aside from the fact he is very pretty, anyone know why?



 




 Is Starbucks terrible coffee by American standards? 




 Name ONE inaccuracy in that movie. Just ONE. 




 Quarantine has the final shot of the movie in the trailer and in the poster. 




 I googled 2319 expecting something gross. That was quite sweet.  




 Not film, but a friend of mine just got very angry on twitter because of the unrealistic portrayal of copyright law in the final episode of Season 1 of Orphan Black. 




 Large sections of the Bangladeshi community took exception to the films portrayal of Bangladeshi history and launched a campaign to downvote it.

That has done nothing but raise the film's profile, turning the campaign into a classic example of the Streisand Effect. 

  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunday#Reaction_about_portrayal_of_Bangladesh.27s_independence 




 Toby breaks my heart.  




 Tarantino in Django Unchained 




 False. The best prank was the coins in the phone.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcoIMyU9bE4#t=34 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-5OABcNfX0 




 No, it's like, ironic, racism. Which is entirely acceptable.  




 I think I'm just used to watching HISHE videos and think "Hey! That's right! It SHOULD have ended that way!" 




 [Lego Movie Spoilers -](#s "Wasn't the point of the film that they weren't Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman but they were those characters through the eyes of a child playing with Lego? The whole message of the film was about creativity and not sticking to the rules/instructions. In Flynn's world, Superman could be beaten by gum and Emmett was the hero.") 




 Thanks!  




 How about Northern Beaches? I've not been there but I've heard tales. 




 Read widely and question what you do read I guess. 




 Not at all, just 'uncultured' 




 I'm trying to figure out where I'd go to find jet ski owning, fake tan wearing, new money types?

What suburb would I find the highest density of cashed up bogans? 




 The best books I have read on writing have been anthologies of short essays by famous writers offering their own experiences and opinions. 

If I tell you...I'll have to kill you is a great book on crime writing but 14 great Australian crime writers. 




 One tip I was given for reading books on writing is to feel free to ignore all and any advice given. 

Others like McKee and Campbell make very compelling arguments and it can be very easy to fall into cult like adoration of their theories.  




 I did a google image search for Moon Harvester to find a screenshot and found this sweet series of, non movie related pics 

http://www.digdang.com/media/images/harvesting_moon_9198.jpg 




 Hey everyone! It's celebrity rapist and wife beater Mike Tyson!  




 Space Wolf http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC1C0lH1SqM 




 At the end of pretty much every sentence! 

It should read more like this.

With pretty much every sentence on a new line. 




 I do jump back and forth on occasion but problems occur often when I don't.

For example, I added a fullstop to this page in visual editor and this is what happened.

http://www.conman.com.au/?p=2510 




 Wordpress, I believe the visual editor, keeps removing linebreaks from some of my posts.

Sometimes it removes everything leaving me with a single block of text.

Sometimes it removes all line breaks from just tables.

I've searched high and low and not been able to find a solution.

http://www.conman.com.au/?cat=28

 




 Particularly because his films could all so easily be be terrible. 




 Robert Zemeckis. 

1994 Forrest Gump 

1992 Death Becomes Her 

1990 Back to the Future Part III 

1989 Back to the Future Part II 

1988 Who Framed Roger Rabbit 

1985 Back to the Future 

1984 Romancing the Stone 

I know a few people wouldn't including Death Becomes Her and others would expand the list to include Contact and Used Cars. 




 1. O (2001) 
1. AKA. (2003)
1. Ada.(1961) 
1. Hannah (1997)
1. Eve. (1968) 
1. xXx. (2001)
1. Mom (1991)
1. R.O.T.O.R. (1988)
1. Live Evil (2009)
1. Palindromes (2004) 




 **1.Layer Cake (2003)**

2.Mixed Nuts (1994)

3.Chocalat (1999)

4.Milk (2008)

5.Sugar   Spice (2001)

6.Butter (2011)

7.Stir Crazy (1980)

8.Half Baked (1997)

9.Some Like It Hot (1959)

10.You Got Served (2004) 




 Definitely. That's exactly my intention.  




 Thanks! 




 Awesome!  




 They are in alphabetical order. 




 If Scott305310 isn't trying to swindle /r/scams users, then I'll eat my fedora.

Single use account suggests class action lawsuit against large target to community of people containing many victims of fraud? 




 You're with the accused pedophile? 




 Nah, it's just you.  




 Greetings Comrades!

You thought we'd forgotten you didn't you? What with comedy festival and the terrible weather and the crushing minutia of every day life.

Well we haven't! Here we are with an amazing line up of variety just for you on this cold winter's night. So come down, have a toasty warm cider and get some variety into you.


Featuring...

LUKA MULLAR - One of Yawp magazines "comedians to watch out for"

BEN SHELDON - Have you mind bent by one of Australia's best young magicians.

CLARA CUPCAKE - Sweet as sugar and just as bad for you Burlesque performer. 

STRAWBERRY WILSON - Smooth tunes to get you in the mood. For what? It's up to you.

With your host

NICK KESIDIS - Variety Collective's resident street magician and all round swell guy.

All tickets $10
Doors open at 7:30pm

The Brunswick Green 
313 Sydney Road,
Brunswick
POSTS 









 Lemon juice maybe? 




 Is Jive Bunny pissed you stole his schtick?  




 What is the most painful thing you've ever stepped on? 









 Can't tell if this thread is full of 1950's comedians or bitter neck beards.... 




 Amazing film. Glad it's starting to get it is dues. 




 I respect your opinion but Very Bad Things is one of very few films that I out and out hated. 




 Marlon Brando as a japanese man in The Teahouse of the August Moon.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU42uHtmw7o 




 John Wayne as Gengis Khan

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Kpv1kqjvpw 




 The Mexican was sold as a Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts love story. In reality, the spend very little time together on screen.

http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BNDE0NzM4ODIwMV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwNTI1MzEyMQ@@._V1_SY317_CR5,0,214,317_.jpg

 




 They have to be. They just have to. It's the only way I can go on.  




 Good to know. I was saying to the wife the other day, 'hey honey? You have any idea what swimcris thinks about completely unimportant bullshit? 'Cos I'd really wish he'd let us know.' 




 I love the idea that there will be a generation of kids who grow up hating comic book superheros because they're parents dragged them along to Marvel movies and dressed them in stupid t-shirts when all they wanted was to learn piano and go to Sunday school.  




 I fell for every single line. 




 That's my hood! 




 Sorry, that won't work.

The mentos reaction occurs because the surface of mentos are covered in tiny simples. Each dimples serves as a nucleation point for carbon dioxide in the coke. The gas gathers around each little dimple making a bubble.

If the dimples are filled with water/ice then you'll get no bubbles.

Try filling a DRY glass with coke. You get lots of foam because there is lots of dust and other imperfections. Now fill a WET glass with coke. Very few bubbles.

Stupid jerk science ruining my fun. 




 97 out of 100 rapists receive no punishment.

http://www.rainn.org/news-room/97-of-every-100-rapists-receive-no-punishment  




 Yes. Absolutely.  




 There's a lot of strings visible in Dance Magic Dance 




 I'd love to see Labyrinth with CGI, not to add anything but just a few tweaks to remove some of the visible strings and poorly done blue screen work.

Also, make bowie's bulge 3D 




 I thought the son was Daniel Mcpherson from Neighbours and couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. 




 Yes! It's the only blemish on a near perfect film. 




 You shut your damn mouth sir/madam.

That film was lovingly hand animated. Each frame consists of layer upon layer of beautifully rendered art.

It is a homage to classic animation that has stood the test of time better than any CGI.

You sir/madam, are worse than ~~Hitler~~ George Lucas. 




 When I saw The Sixth Sense, I didn't even know that the boy saw dead people, let alone the twist.  




 I like that if you say Beer Can in a posh English accent it sound likes Bacon in Jamacian.  




 I'm sad to say that Mel Gibson is an American. Born there, lives there. He had him for a few years when he was not too crazy but that's about it. 




 I've never understand why Americans think Australians speak like South Africans. Robert Downey Junior in Tropic Thunder gets it. Why can't the rest of youse?  




 David Gale: So, basically, you feel, to choose another quote, 'society must be cleansed of elements which represent its own death.'
Governor Hardin: Well, yes. I'd have to agree. Did I say that too?
David Gale: No, that was Hitler.
 




 Spoiler tag needed there. 




 Which is why you'll probably die angry and alone.  




 In our society, we tend to define women as either Madonna's or Whores. They are perfect angels or harlots. Either of those roles plus a few kilograms is a funny image and easy for douchebags to mock. 




 You made my night fadumpt  




 *that's

Details. :) 




 I'm not really interested in ranking them. Even the weakest film is still pretty damn good. 

Also, each move builds on the strengths of that which went before. By itself, The Avengers would be a bit of a mess. Wait? Who is this doctor and why is everyone scare of of him? Why is turning into a monster? There is a norse GOD and no one is surprised? 

But, as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it's amazing, a calumniation of years of work and billions of dollars invested. 

There really has been nothing like it in the history of cinema.
 
  




 Everytime they called the song that I wanted to shout 'IT'S CALLED SPACE ODDITY YOU FOOL!" 




 But...why? 




 My concern is that I'm not sure WHY the character is speaking like this. Obviously, I don't know the context but, as it stands, it could mean many things.  




 Sentences like this, my head is hurt by. 




 I'm really upset. They've really stripped the dignity away from the nineties masterpiece. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFLGRidfFo4  




 "The Godfather, A Place In The Sun, Dodsworth, Galaxy Questthese are perfect films" - David Mamet 




 

http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1r1xfy/my_friends_got_me_some_of_those_danish_cookies_it/ 




 As I mentioned in another thread, a good twist is one were the twist is entirely natural and, in hindsight, makes perfect sense but still blindsides the reader. 

In most cases, a good twist also changes how we FEEL rather than what we know. For example, we HATE the evil Jekyll in Jekyll   Hyde and feel for the put upon doctor. When we find out they are the same man, it changes how we feel about the two characters.  

Chuck Palanuik reused that same twist in Fight Club but, because he changed how we felt about the characters, in felt fresh and not cliched.

There are many stories in which we learn the hero is, in reality, dead. The only successful ones are those in which we care about the hero and his or her plight. 

 




 My editor described this to me as 'gotcha' moments rather than 'a-ha' moments. 

A 'gotcha' moment is one where the audience is surprised with a new piece of information that they could not have seen coming, one that appear as if from nowhere. For example, the end of the 2001 Planet of the Apes film. 

An 'a-ha!' moment is one where the twist or development is surprisingly but, with the benefit of hindsight, makes perfect sense. For example, in the original Jekyll and Hyde, the twist that the two men were, in fact, one, is laid out through out the text. 

 




 He finished his shift, locked the doors and left. His boss didn't relieve him. 




 Probably not on reddit...
 




 No it hasn't. It's still used as a derogatory word against gay people. Just because a bunch of sheltered teenagers have decided to claim the word as an all purpose insult, doesn't make it not homophobic.  




 If you don't think the person you're trying to insult is gay and you don't have a problem with gay people, why would you use a word that is specifically designed to insult gay people? 

"Hey look, a horse."

"That's a dog, not a horse."

"Urgh, horse doesn't mean horse anymore, it means dog."

"Fuck you, you little self-entitled shit."  




 God yes, this. 




 http://th00.deviantart.net/fs71/150/f/2010/137/4/b/Hell__s_Angles_by_JesusDeSaad.jpg 




 ALL OF THEM!  




 It's definately the best of the prequels. 




 You opinion is unpopular round these parts
 




 I like it less the more I think about it.  




 ooh! That would have been good! Slow fade on a frozen [](#s "Anna, having died at the hand of her sister. The rest of the cast look on, broken hearted. Spring shall never come.") 




 Mine is Crystal Skull. I think they used re-release the other three with updated CGI and...I can't keep a straight face.  




 I LOVED Spring Breakers.  




 Atlas Shrugged doesn't deserve one movie. 

 




 I always find something I like about them. And I always feel challenged.  




 I'd have to agree. The best moments are lifted from the original. That said, even an average Scorsese is a great film 




 That's it! Thank you so much! 

 




 Hooray!  




 In one book, the hero is living in the snowy woods. In others, a brother and sister are the heroes. 

They collect small, magic rocks with holes in them of various types. Some may have been wood.

The books are old, mid 70's, I think.

Sorry, that's all I have. 




 They're all historically incorrect.  




 I wish I was a taller.  









 Some elements remind me of rainbow
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114228/

 




 y e s ? 




 The word orient is a western word meaning 'East'. The word is problematic because a) not all of Asia is in the 'east'. b) it is very Eurocentric as it refers to a place only it's location compared with Europe. c)  No one says Oriental anymore. It's like the word Negro. More old fashioned than racist.  




 Do you know how to use spoiler tags? It is very easy!  [](#s "Look to the right for instructions!") 


































 https://t.co/EZFzSv29FL 




 www.chasingtheace.com.au 




 I've always wanted to make one of these.
http://imgur.com/IK6MPXy 




 I'm always finding klingons in the showers. Hurt like all hell getting them loose.  




 Fun Fact! That quote was supposedly said by PT Barnum, the american showman famous for his ability to sell anything. However, in reality, it was attributed to him by an enemy who want to help create the notion that Barnum was a swindler, taking his audiences for a ride.  




 Nah, naivety gets you poor. 

 




 I've just spent the last two months doing press for a novel I wrote about con artists in Melbourne who pull this exact scam in the first chapter!  














 I was actually there with my ten month old. 

I was going to stick her in the photo too but then I remember I'm not really the kind of guy who whores out his daughter for karma. 




 Thanks. I'm more after a stylist who can take me to several shops (and the right shop for my body type)/ 









 I need a new suit for performing in and I'm sick I've all missing the mark. 

I'm looking for someone who really knows their stuff to offer some pro advice on getting the best clothes for my purposes. 

 









 Cheers, I signed up over a decade ago and kept forgetting to change. 

The authcode section of the site didn't work so I had to call and get it emailed to me. 

I went with Uber in the end. Fingers crossed.  




 I registered a few domains with Melbourne IT back when they were the only game in town. 

Since I don't want to pay $150 when I can pay $30, I'm trying to change.

However, I've been on hold for 40 minutes to customer support.

I called sales on my wife's phone while I was waiting and got put through within 20 seconds. 

 




 Do you have any concrete examples? 
 




 In America yes. 

It is a direct result of the quiz show scandals back in the fifties. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quiz_show_scandals 




 That film had a lot of great moments. Sadly, they didn't come together into a great film. 




 Leon: The Professional  Garden State  V For Vendetta

After the death of lone wolf hitman Leon, Mathilda grows up to become a pathological liar giving her the skills to work for the facist state run television until she meets V and is intrigued by the lone wolf revolutionary as he reminds her of Leon from he childhood. 




 It's more of an ironic hell than heaven.

Want sugar? HAVE ALL THE SUGAR YOU CAN EAT BWHAHAHA!  




 According to this interview a few months before his death, he only did it because he REALLY loved trains.

http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/man-posed-train-operator-reflects-teen-thrill-article-1.1335852 




 Source? 




 The trouble both films have is [spoilers](#s "making it believable that the two leads could be forced into falling in love. In the original, they resort to "because hypnosis is magic" which works reasonably well and we suspend our disbelief. In the remake, I just don't buy that his plan could be so reliant on the pair sleeping together. There are so many "But what if" moments for it to really work. ") 




 I agree, that was quite disturbing.  









 From IMDB

*The DVD contains a FAKE alternate ending where Average Joe's loses the final match and the film goes to the credits as the announcer exclaims that they are going home with absolutely nothing. This was apparently sacked after test audiences were unhappy with the original ending (Globo Gym wins).* 




 I don't buy it.

It makes no sense, isn't particular funny AND, if you watch the ending on the DVD, it is exactly the same as the final scene, it just slows down and fades to black with Stiller jumping around having won.

I always assumed it was a joke for the DVD extras. 




 The movie moved from family drama to taught home invasion thriller to schlock horror so fast I felt disorientated by the end. That said, I still loved it.

I'm the kind of person who gets half way through a Diane Keaton family dramedy and wishes they'd started knocking people off.

 




 

http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/weird-als-word-crimes-video?page=all 




 So many brilliant lines.  




 This was created by Simon Pampena who is a comedian and mathematician from Australia.

http://www.numbercrunch.com.au/ 




 I think he was asking if it is a legitimate FILM.  




 Mister Ed was a zebra 




 Ageing engineer builds a bridge only to have it later knocked down.  




 Orphan refugee is adopted by a couple in a small town Kansas. Devotes life to public service.  




 Balding man goes to the office Christmas party of his estranged wife. Has a terrible time. 




 Preston.  




 Chick clothes? Seriously?  




 I never seen women looking at their watches and sighing and my local. 

I see a lot of frustrated old men trying to find an obscure part for their fifty year old toilet that just stopped working. 




 It is a gif. Don't Blink. 




 oooh. meta. 




 Whichever you like! 




 Oh, no, no you can't disguise 




 I perform a lot in high schools and do a lot of Science Week gigs. I'll send something to your inbox 




 Scamapalooza  




 Here is more info about the event: http://www.memorymakesus.org.au/live-authors/melbourne/ 









 Is these back in shops in US? 

 




 I was going to go with Scamception but I like yours better. 




 White Names vs. Black Names

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9TWt_9ARrg 




 Supposedly, women ogle other women as much as men do.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/scientists-say-women-stare-at-other-womens-chests-as-much-as-men/ 




 They've been up for a few weeks haven't they?  




 Beards are men's business. 




 I'm glad OP wasn't a douche in that edit.  




 ...or the last ten minutes of The Mist.  




 This is a long but fascinating look at the film and the director's experience of being African American in America. 

The issue and ideas are far more complicated than the knee-jerk reactions you see on the comments for the trailer. 




 Star Wars 7: Mission To Moscow 




 A warm personality, confidence and the ability to listen.

 




 Isn't that the plot of Shane Maloney's The Brush Off? 




 I'm not sure I understand WHY you want longer chapters. It is a little like asking how to use the letter P more often.  




 Thanks. It was freezing that day and my hands kept cramping.  









 I concur.  




 No, but I like that song. 




 No, much older. 




 Bit more obscure than that 




 This is my thing, if anyone spots them in Melbourne, send me an email at info@conman.com.au 

EDIT: blatant plug: goodreads.com/book/show/22404984-chasing-the-ace 




 No - this song is a little slower and folkier. Thanks though! 




 A male singer singing what feels like a ballad. It has a Neil Young or Scott Walker vibe.

Includes lyrics something like:

"Goodbye my only/lonely friend, when will I see you again"
And another line about "pictures/painting on the wall"

EDIT: I figured it out!

Seasons In The Sun - Terry Jacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG9otasNmxI

The lyrics I gave you were WAY off. Thanks for giving it a red hot go with what little i gave you. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ feature=kp 




 Check out the gold elephant ring. That's how you dress as a magician. 




 Who keeps the metric system down?  














 This is a prisoners' dilemma situation?
 




 But they did it so well. I half expected Diane Keaton to jump out. 




 You're Next starts as a family drama, turns into a home invasion thriller then ends as a comedy horror schlock fest. 




 Hot Fuzz for my money has some of the best. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k18Q_63KpE feature=kp 




 It is! It looks like this

http://www.plumbingsupply.com/images/pricepfister-cartridge-974-0910.jpg 




 Dead Of Night. The scene your look for is about the 3 minute mark
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxYrjz9jQlc 




 Who is he? I need some sweet old man action.

 




 My tap has been leaking from the base. I've pulled it aparted and discovered the o-ring is very loose. I'm not stretching the o-ring in the photo below. It hangs this loose.

http://imgur.com/0f4p72j

Trouble is, I don't know the brand and no hardware store or supply shop can help me.

Any ideas? 




 I read that as Jason Segal. Would have made me care more. 




 One of the few things I remember from sex ed class is that vaseline makes terrible lube. 




 Whose wife is going to have a problem with a guy having his photograph taken with a couple of pretty girls? 




 Can you legally refuse to pay an included gratuity? 

(not something I would ever do) 




 When I travel to the states I always tip and tip well. However, coming from a culture in which tipping is a largely symbolic, I've always wondered what would happen if I pulled a Mr Pink and refused to tip.

 




 Just to sweeten the deal, if you donate some money, I'll throw you a free double pass to this show I'm producing. 

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/ai1ec_event/the-close-up-gallery/?instance_id= 









 Perhaps if you are a wild animal or a human long ago.

The beauty of human's evolution of the past few thousand years is we have grown to appreciate intelligence OVER base aggression. 

It is why people, as well as physical attraction, also look for wit and intelligence. The ability to rape is not really something either men or women look for much anymore.

Probably best to remove it from the 'special skills' of your OK cupid profile.

 




 Evolution is not always progressive.  




 It's really not. It's no different from putting extra peanuts in a snickers.  




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdJFE1sp4Fw 




 The Heat ($159,578,352) Gravity ($274,084,95) and The Blindeside ($255,950,375) were Bullock's last three films. 




 But why would he? That would make him a terrible person. 




 I've started avoided IMDB for old series so I don't find out who stays and leaves by their episode count. 




 Vlados is insane. You get a single sausage for entree, a steak for main and a strawberry pancake for dessert. That's it. If you want salad you get a whole of iceburg lettuce covered in vinegar.  














 "Our child shaved his head with some clippers"
 




 Found a list of the TIME top inventions of 2003. 

Intelligent Ovens, Cars Hovercrafts and the invisibility cloak made from a camera and projector also make the list...

http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/0,28757,1935038,00.html 




 Will do. 

http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/0,28757,1935038,00.html 




 I don't think enough time has passed for this to be either interesting or nostalgically funny. Maybe hang on to it for another couple of decades. 




 Thanks! 




 So the gun would still have some kind of stunning facility even with the cartridge in AND the blast doors obstructed? 




 So it would act as a regular stun gun?

EDIT: I can't see them in any of the pictures. Are they very small?

http://store.taser.com/taser-x26c-p117.aspx
 




 My understanding was that you had to remove the cartridge first.  




 I'm not a gun person so please excuse my ignorance. In fact, I'm not even sure a taser *counts* as a gun.

What would happen if you pushed a Taser into a solid surface (the ground, a wall or even a person's chest) and pulled the trigger?

As I understand it, Taser cartridges have blast doors on them that swing open or blow off when the gun is fired, allowing the prongs to fly out.

http://www.taser.com/products/law-enforcement/taser-cartridges

If the Taser was pushed up against a solid surface, I can't see how those doors could open. 

 




 As I understand it, Taser cartridges have blast doors on them that swing open or blow off when the gun is fired, allowing the prongs to fly out.

http://www.taser.com/products/law-enforcement/taser-cartridges

If a Taser was pushed hard into someone's chest, what would happen?

NOTE: This is different from the stun gun that REQUIRES you push the gun up against someone.
 




 But...why? 




 I wouldn't know. I have done all I can to block that film from my mind. Every now and then I have vague flashes of mullets and saxophone solos but that's it. 




 Remember the eighties and early nineties? We have nuns doing all sorts of crazy stuff for laughs back then. Salad days my friends, salad days. 




 Get. Out. 




 "Get on the cones." That's a phrase I've not heard in a while.  




 A Last of Us vibe? 




 Yeah, I love that place. SHows up in a lot of movies too. 




 Oh absolutely, I'm not going for realism.  




 thanks! Good lead. 




 Ha! Gritty realism.  




 Of course, I'm writing my second novel (www.chasingtheace.com.au is the first) and it is set in Sydney. I'm setting a scene in an abandoned space and would like to use a genuine location. 

My 'intended use' would be a drug deal. :)




 




 I asked this questions a few months back, got some great answers but then discovered all of the places suggested were being redeveloped. (Rozelle Tram Depot, Edwin Davey   Sons Flour Mill etc.)

Any other cool places? 




 That was equally parts hilarious and depressing. 

However, sadly, the story didn't come close to Tony's real problems, instead focusing on his Bush style gaffs. 

Imagine if they'd discussed the budget, the refugee policy, the drug tests for dole seekers, the scholarship scandal...  









 That's how it starts.... 




 No, that's what makes them boutique and craft. Hence the word 'microbrewery'. 

http://theconversation.com/small-brands-big-impact-why-craft-beer-is-top-of-the-hops-13972

 




 He's 100 great australian beers right here. Are you Australian?
http://www.brewsnews.com.au/2014/01/australias-hottest-100-craft-beers/ 




 Perhaps you should make a list of shows we are and are not allowed to enjoy? Certainly make life easier for me. 

 
























 Jemena 




 I always remember her from Twins Peaks...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rjJ51N7qZY 




 Swingers launched the careers of:

Vince Vaughn
Doug Liman 
Heather Graham
Jon Favreau
Ron Livingston

Not all a-listers but still impressive for low budget  




 THANK you sir, God damnit!  




 I spent twenty minutes on the phone trying to find someone to report it to. All the companies tell me it isn't their problem or put me on hold. 

Surely, there is a government number to report it to?

EDIT: Found the right company who said they'd come fix it (and did). There needs to be one number to call that is easy to find online. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hou0lU8WMgo 









 F*** off, traitor  




 That's a trick called the sponge ding dong. It's thirty years old and, in the magic community, it's short hand for a douchey or hacky magician. 

It's the dad joke of magic. 




 That was what it was supposed to feel like. Part of the genesis for the book was the author trying to capture what it would be like for a video game character to exist in the real world.  




 The last one he had completely forgotten who I was and launched into his sales script. 




 I spoke to them previous and spoke to John again this morning who said I shouldn't receive emails because I'm not on their list!  




 done that too! 




 Over and over.

I rang his boss, the ray white head office and him!

 




 I've started doing that 




 I've done that sadly. 




 Thanks, although I'm not sure that would help. It might make look petty. (which I am...) 




 I had dealings with Ray White about 18 months ago. It wasn't a pleasant experience and I would recommend them.

Since then, a man named Jason Voglis from the agency has not stopped calling me and emailing me with sales calls and spam. 

I tried calling his boss AND Ray White head office but nothing much seems to happen. 

EDIT: Had a call from his boss today saying I should have been taken off the list and that he couldn't explain what was going on. I rattled off everything you guys had mentioned below. He seem a bit rattled. Hopefully that's it. 

EDIT 2: Nope. Wasn't it. Still got more emails.

Any thoughts how I can stop this guy?  




 Someone needs to stop being a perspective tool 




 With a lot of music, the words themselves don't require literal meaning. Instead it's how they *sound* that gives the song meaning or emotion.

A lot of hip hop is best compared to nonsense verse like Edward Lear and Lewis Carroll or even the experimental works of James Joyce. "

All mimsy were the borogoves / and the mome raths outgrabe." in Jabberwocky doesn't make a lot of sense but sounds great just like "scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap" doesn't mean a damn thing when Ghostface Killah raps it.

In hop hop, the focus is often on the rhythm and lyricism of the words, not what they are saying. I would imagine the trend comes from freestyle rap where in order to keep up with the beat, the rapper drops in nonsense words or words that make no sense in that context.

TL;DR - "The sound of the words is more important than the meaning" said the whitest man ever.



 









 And yet, I still found myself worried.  




 Christ that's rapey. I found myself fearing for her safety. 




 Attending cocktail parties and corporate events as a special guest/speaker. 

 




 There is a place near the Royal Institute that does it. 

I can't remember the name but they do great banh mi too. 




 I'd like to keep the whole outfit under 2k. (shirts, suit, shoes, etc.) 




 I'm looking to get a suit made and would like something striking and original.

So far the only place I can find I like is Oscar Hunt. 

http://www.oscarhunt.com.au/

EDIT: Went and had a look at Oscar Hunt this afternoon.

http://t.co/zIitQa87gT 




 That's exactly the type of clothing I'd love to be able to pull off. Thanks!

I think you've hit the nail on the head in pointing out I am an entertainer.  




 I know! Just awful. 

There is currently a trend towards plain suits in magic. Trouble is, it makes them all look like bankers   lawyers and, in the eyes of bookers, interchangeable.

Also, while I am a magician, I specialise in a very specific area of magic and would like to stand out. 

 




 1. Write hot and edit cold. 

2. Get feedback from people who's opinions matters and talents are proven.

3. Stay away from /writing and similar communities when you need advice. We don't know shit. We're just here to fuel our own egos and avoid actually writing.  




 I work as a comedian/magician who talks about con artists and scams. My clothing never looks quite right and I'd love some advice. 

I usually wear a flat cap when I work but that is about it. Most of the time I'm performing a social events (dinners, parties etc.)

I'd love a plaid three piece suit but not sure of colours/style etc. to suit my body.

You can see what I look like and what I do here: www.conman.com.au

I'm a big guy with broad cheast and shoulders and a bit of a gut. 

I like the look these guys have: http://www.davidandleeman.com/

Thanks in advance!  




 Oh, sorry. Yes 




 Nope, that's Britt Marling http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1779870/ 




 It's meant to be part of a costume right? 
 




 I'm very tired and read that as "IRA Glass is pretty much transparent to microwaves..." 




 Just be to clear, I'm NOT saying it isn't. But, if it is, it is a very good one. 




 I'm reasonably certain that is an LED light rather than a camera. ANZ have pretty good security on their ATM's and the card slot does not look doctored. 

However, as others have said, you should report it if you're worried. 

Source: This is my bag. www.conman.com.au  









 Sorry, no deal. I only watch TV shows via the media of gif.
 









 http://imgur.com/nifljW8 




 http://imgur.com/nifljW8 




 Is it just me or is everyone on reddit in a shitty relationship? 









 It is pretty much the entire plot of the film 




 Of course, the big difference is that OP probably has WAY more bacon in his life than women...
 




 Oh! It's an eye! I thought it was lips!  




 In Soderbergh's case it was a political statement as much as anything else.  









 It's a rights issue. Simon   Schuster have the Australian and New Zealand rights to publish Chasing The Ace which means they can't actually sell it outside this country.

 




 Here's the kindle version. http://www.amazon.com.au/Chasing-Ace-Nicholas-J-Johnson-ebook/dp/B00J69Y3EK

It's also on itunes. 









 yes 




 I got to see Sixth Sense not only not knowing the twist but also not knowing that boy saw dead people. There is nothing supernatural in the film up until that point. Amazing moment. 

 




 We were nominated for the Golden Gibbo so there is a vaguely ape theme there... 




 http://media.tumblr.com/556af73e8483b4210314d9c027050884/tumblr_inline_mkvce5N2KO1qz4rgp.gif 









 The fact the titular character is dead inside. it's from a poem:

http://allpoetry.com/The-Hollow-Men 




 There is no fog in Langoliers. 

It could be Terminal Invasion: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0322008/ 




 Because she's given D2: The Mighty Ducks an F? 

That movie is a C- at worst! 




 I know google crawls these sites now if you have the correct settings.

Is there a way to check your SEO? I keep getting errors for the standard sites. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPBvMJ6PCXI 




 I'm blown away that there are designers who work exclusively in Wix.  




 Perhaps you're right. So many people I meet think they're bullet proof when it comes to hustles.  




 Nah, because I'm not evil. :)

I've worked on a few televisions where I've gone undercover scamming members of the public. By the end of a filming day, I'd feel terrible for all the people we'd hustled. 




 A basic six page site with a blog. 

 




 I do con artist magic: Card cheating, shell game, three card monte. You can check out my stuff here: www.conman.com.au.

David Blaine is less interesting today because now we have so many people just like him. However, so many of those performers owe him and Paul Zenon (the man who introduced street magic to the UK) a debt.

Not a fan of Criss Angel. He uses camera tricks and stooges. I prefer guys like David Kwong and Justin Flom. Check out Wizard Wars. By buddy Rick created it.

Penn and Teller and amazing. The Amazing Jonathan also. I am none of them. I have Jonathan's beard, Penn's physique and teller's hairline.





 




 Thanks, that was brilliant. 

I struggle to find quality designers for my sites. The last great site I had was eight years ago and that company was bought out my a larger operation and their prices increased by 500%. Now, i'm stuck trying to find a good designer who can help me with what I want.

I feel like the only choices I have is to pay $2000-$3000 for a site that isn't what I want or $9 per month for a site that isn't amazing but that I can, at the very least, fiddle with until it limps into usable. 

It's a problem that others in my industry face with many designer their own sites. The two guys I know with great sites by great developers got mates rates from a friend. 




 




 You're...a grandma? 




 Not even sister act 2?!!?!? Now I don't know what to believe  




 All good!   




 For me...

The Best: Magicians
The Worst: Now You See Me 




 And makes no sense! 




 Are you new to human interaction? This kind of jackanapery in reddit has being downvoted since forever... 




 Aren't they on html5 now? 




 What about the templates are unprofessional? As a non-designer, I can see sites I do and don't like but I'm not sure what makes them unprofessional.

I have several people in my market with wix sites on the front page of google who've done only basic SEO. I've done a little reading on Ajax crawling and it seems to get the job done.

I've seen terribly designed wordpress sites, many using templates, made by amateurs out of their depth who just don't understand WP's complexities. 

What about a WP site helps non-designers make their own sites easier than wix?






 




 Wix seems to get a lot of hate here. As a non-designer, I struggle to nail people down on EXACTLY what is bad about the site.

For me, the big downside is that anyone can make their own site, which means people who don't know design end up with a dull template OR a design of their own that stinks.

It puts web design in the hands of people who have no business designing sites.

However, if a user has a keen eye for design and doesn't need to complex a site, what is the problem with using Wix?

EDIT: I think I have a better understanding now of the problems a designers have with. Broadly speaking, I see a lot of parallels between this issue and publishing/self-publishing. A lot of publishers get very annoyed with self-published books. The quality is low, they are packed full of mistakes and they price traditional publishers out of the business. However, publishers have had to learn to suck it up and learn to live in a DIY world. Perhaps web designers will too.





 




 This is not a place to offer nuanced arguments. 




 That movie offends me as a magician and a writer.

Truly terrible. 




 Wow! That one is brutal.
 




 It feels a little at odds with my idea of American liberty that the government, particularly the military, would try to tell people how they can and can not honour the flag.



 




 Really? Is that a law? Or just an American custom? 

(Australian here)

 




 Here's some of his early inventions...

http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--1yWrMUDM--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/symr4p4rzykz4lytsyjd.jpg 




 To be honest, I find the corporate mascot saluting more unfortunate. 




 Thanks. Will look into it.  




 I'm looking for recommendations. It's one of those industries that is full of fly by nighters. 




 You sure about that? You want some Irishman to steal her away? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljPFZrRD3J8 




 I'm looking for someone in Sydney who can come and record a show I'm doing at a conference in November. 

It would be a two camera shoot for 30 minutes. 

Any suggestions? 




 Thanks, I've changed the Legend page and removed the tape as well as some of those low res pics. Eventually, I'd like a video on the opening page.

 




 It *IS* a show not a school :) 









 I'd consider using less text. I drifted off a little. 

Polyamory Resources at the bottom of the page takes up two lines, throwing the design off.

 




 http://info39438.wix.com/the-bad-science-show

(be gentle :) ) 




 me. i hooked it's tail over a branch.  




 Surprisingly dark and moving in places as well. I actually felt for Satan in the end.  




 Has to be Peter Cook in Bedazzled. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8tA1wH3cck list=PLP5nk95ALSXhH3QDFGuetWHpy7xopSTDi 




 [BRAINDEAD/DEADALIVE](http://www.vhsretrostyle.com/uploads/2/4/9/1/24919653/s259562341305326572_p670_i1_w250.jpeg) always got me. 




 
http://time.com/63299/no-salary-no-benefits-no-sleep-this-is-the-worlds-toughest-job/ 




 Looks great! 

 




 I read it as a kid and it scared the hell out of me. One of the stories describes the joker cracking someone's head open like a watermelon. The image stayed with me for years. 




 You know who'd say something like that don't you? 




 We have our own Brooklyn too.  




 I figured out the the big difference between Australian and American coffee, aside from the style, was the strength. Often, I'd dismiss coffee as being bad when, in reality, it was just week. 

My favourite coffee experience of the trip was at service station half way between LA and Vegas where they had 10 different pots of coffee on the boil, twelve different syrups, six different types of "milk", four types of sweetener and a selection of whipped creams, sprinkles, chocolate etc. 

It summed up the American experience for me. It's a country founded on choice, where they'd rather have a thousand terrible choices than two or three good ones. 




 It was OK. Not great but we told him we loved it.  




 Australians have a rep for being picky (i.e. assholes) when it comes to coffee. 

While I was in New York I tried to find the best coffee place I could. Some hipsters recommended this little hole in the wall near Chelsea Market. Just a counter, a coffee machine and beans. 

The Barista was a massive douche to every single person in line. Soup Nazi levels. 

When we got to the front of the line and he heard our accents his face went white.

"You Australians?"
"Yep."
"From Melbourne?"
"Uh-huh"
"Ok...well...I'll do my best OK?"


 




 Good that stuff is the bane of my existance. So expensive and so many people instagraming pictures of it. 

 




 I never realised the idea of being able to get good food AND good coffee in the same place was a 'melbourne thing'

 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXSUKNCNCMo 









 DIRECT LINK: http://www.memorymakesus.org.au/live-authors/melbourne/#tabs-3 




 Brilliant! Thank you!  




 Cool! Except, that wasn't my story.

You need to click LIES.


 




 In Australia, the screw top has become more popular than the cork. 

Less taint (*snigger*)  and oxidation.  




 No. 




 Thanks 









 Would have been funnier if you hadn't spoilt the ending in the title :( 




 Peter Rosenthal

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9d09JLBVRc 




 ITT: surprisingly nuanced discussions of equality and race 




  vaguely unsatisfying theories

 




 So far, it's mostly been old school stuff.

EDIT: She's still a baby but loves bouncing around to NWA, Public Enemy and that Rhymefest cover of Build Me Up. 

EDIT 2: Since I posted this last week she has become obsessed with No Scrubs by TLC. She claps and giggles every time it comes on. This saddens me a little but I have to respect her life choices. 




 Of course, there are several vaguely unsatisfying theories about how he escaped.

1) Few pantries can be locked from the outside. There is a handle on the door. He could have simply let himself out.

2) The axe. We never see where the axe came from. Perhaps he found it in the room.

3) He never escaped. He froze to death in the unheated room and the chase through the maze was his crazed mind created a reason for the lowering temperature.

4) Danny let him out and he knew the maze well enough to get in and out, leaving Jack stuck in the middle. He wanted to kill Jack.



  




 When the ghost lets Jack out of the freezer.  




 I like how OP respects his friend's privacy by not naming the metal band but is more than happy to post a pic of his newborn baby. 




 To the observatory!  









 The sequel got funded by kickstarter.

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/barelysarcasm/yeti-a-gay-love-story-2-life-on-the-streets 




 Maybe they do it on purpose for the free publicity.

 




 God yes.  
























 Did you know that a venomous snake is one that makes you sick by injecting it's venom?

A Poisonous snake is one that makes you sick by eating it. 

A http://www.snakeman1982.com/Venomous%20vs.%20Poisonous.asp 









 Nah, Erinsborough High 




 To you... 




 It makes me sad that so many talented performers get paid so little and treated so poorly while bringing so much joy. 




 There's no such thing as a fish

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_Such_Thing_As_A_Fish#Title
 




 He's pretty laidback. It's actually the third wedding they've had. The first time they eloped and her parents in Europe got annoyed so they had a second one. This is the third one for the Australians. 

 




 The invite didn't mention dress code or even what type of function it is. Usually I'd suit up so that is out. 

What should I wear? 




 shhh, don't scare them. 




 As a part of building my brand I'm keen to build my indentity as an authority. By creating a website with strong content, I'll get more people knowing who I am and what I do. They'll also link to my content and help my SEO.

The same goes for Social Media. A lot of my customers know me from social media interactions. I'd like the site to feed the social media and visa versa.

People find the site via a) seeing  me at gigs and in the media and b) links to content on social media c) googling my keywords.

I'm pretty good at SEO. I got my crappy old WIX site to number three on google from the seventh page in six weeks. 




 Meh

 




 Come back han! 




 I hate when I read back my old comments and realise that I was the one who was wrong and wasn't listening.  




 I want to punch you in the face and I know you're only giving an example. 




 Nap 









 Thanks! That is super helpful. 

For me, I'd say my goals are:-

1) Increase overall number of visitors to my website.

2) Increase visitors requesting more information on my services as an entertainer/speaker for corporate and private functions.

3) Increase sales of my novel.

4) Reflect my personality and the personality of my performance and writing in my online presence.

5) Increase social media followers.

As a designer, do they sound clear enough for you?

 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq1d07gYl8o 




 It's baseball with two bases and no home plate. You just keep on bating and running back and forth until you're caught out or the little wooden sticks behind you gets knocked over. 



 




 What do you like from people you're working with? 

Example of sites they like?
Descriptive language?
Plans?
 









 No! Shut up! Magic! It's MAGIC!  




 I should really know better. I've brought great shame to my ancestors on this day.  









 That is what I took it to mean. 




 A friend shared it on facebook...

Dammit. 




 When I do a google image search for logotype I get mostly typed based logos. If I search for logos, I get more pictorial examples.

Clearly it's a common, if not universal, usage. 




 I have not watched the video or read any comments but I have a very LOUD opinion that I have not thought through and some statistics I remember seeing somewhere.

Am I in the right place? 




 As an Australian, I don't quite understand. Can cable companies tie up an entire market like that? Isn't that anti-competitive?  




 Is there a difference between the two? 

EDIT: Thanks - a designer suggested it would be cheaper if I only wanted a logotype rather than a logo. That makes sense now. 




 You should also follow Neil Hamburger. A good 50% of his tweets are retweets from people with food poisoning from TB.  




 Spoilers 




 Motherfucking Sleepaway Camp

After 90 minutes of ho-hom schlock everything gets flipped on it's head. Someone could write a PhD on the sexual politics of those last few minutes. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=rIDM6wqUiuM
 




 My Secret Santa got my one year old daughter and I a David Sedaris book AND a Minnie Mouse Princess Bowtique. 

My daughter made her choice.

http://i.imgur.com/oADYE1f.png 




 Callan Mulvey! He was in the Highbreak High!  




 I found this very interesting. Thank you for sharing. Woogedy.  




 why not indeed? 




 Much as Korra is a great show, I'd rather have Colbert stickied up here. 




 Everyone is asking that. Everyone.

Even Colbert is. 




 They were friends of the show picked not for star power but for what they meant to Stephen and the show.

Most were pudants, writers and thinkers. 




 Not likely...http://newsbusters.org/blogs/randy-hall/2014/12/16/stephen-colbert-rejoices-over-never-having-watch-bill-oreilly-again 




 Hey guys, just found someone in this thread with something to apologise for.  




 The Muslim community warned the police about this nutjob over and over again.  




 You didn't notice how this guy is here, among the broader community, reaching out? Dickhead.

 




 And the 25% who were not terrorists?  
























 It closed down about a month ago. 




 There is only one man visible. OP wants to know if they've extras available. Implication is she might use that one up.  




 The jeans are called Sexy Boyfriend. However, the man sitting next to the sign appears to be the product for sale.  




 Do women find him attractive? I always thought he was quite handsome. 




 Looks great. 




 Spoilers!
 




 "New film Old Fashioned is 50 Shades of Grey for Christians, claims its creator"

http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/new-film-old-fashioned-is-50-shades-of-grey-for-christians-claims-its-creator-9636401.html 









 I love each and every one of those movies deeply.  




 Great film! Very true to the original story and an absolute mindfuck. 

The low budget is obvious on occasion but that's a quibble. 




 It's fairly common behaviour among Australian politicians.  




 No, but with metcard, you could buy a ticket on the tram AND were left with a physical record of the purchase. 

Under that system, buying a ticket was simple and easy. 

 




 If they provided a system that allowed people to buy tickets near or on public transport like we had for years before Myki came along, that might be possible. 




 That's right! I'll just walk over to the ticket machine here on the tram...oh it's gone. That's OK, I'll just get one at the next stop...not there either. 

If someone lives nowhere near a 7/11 or a train station, they can not use public transport. 

And even if you carry a fully topped up card with you at all times, the machines STILL will often not scan properly and, unless you go to extraordinary measures, you have no way to prove it.

http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/court-in-the-act--how-commuters-are-defeating-myki-fines-20140930-10nz6z.html


 




 I'd have no problem with ticket inspectors handing out fines to fare evaders if they still had a system that made it, you know, possible to buy a fare.

I live near a large hotel, on a train line, that is three kilometres from the nearest 7/11. At least once a week, without fail, I see tourists standing at the tram stop looking worried. 

I'll often ask if they are OK and they ask where they can buy a ticket. I sigh and being to explain....


 




 why does the bride need advice but not the groom? 




 That's where the video is posted. You want to see the content, you've got to go to the site. I'm not going to hold your hand.

Why don't you go see if Ello has it? 




 This must have been shared here before now but I can see any references to it. 

 









 urgh 




 I walk alot at the moment.  I really need to do sprints and interval training 




 It took me a long time to find meds that worked so I'd rather not. 




 I've been using My Fitness pal for the last couple of months. 




 Great idea 




 I'm back on medication for anxiety and a tic disorder (20 mg Citalopram and valium as needed)

It's great for my mental health but shocking for weight. I crave sugar all the time and my metaloblism has slowed right down. 

I put on 2 kilos in a fortnight (about five pounds) and so I started dieting but I just can't shift the weight. I also have a one year old daughter I look after most of the time which makes exercise hard (but not impossible)

Any hints or tips? 




 Is there a full video? 

 




 When I was 15, I got told that I didn't need to be in the top science class as I 'wasn't likely to pursue a career in science' due to 'all the theatre and performing I did'

Today, I perform for hundreds of high school students every week in a show I created called The Bad Science Show that teachers kids about critical thinking and the importance of thinking scientifically outside he classroom.

Fuck you Mrs Turnball 

www.thebadscienceshow.com  




 From what I can tell by reading those articles. Women make roughly 7% lower for the same job. The other 16% makes about for the fact women work less hours, don't get promoted and working in lower paying fields.

 




 It's roughly 7% lower for the same job. The other 16% makes about for the fact women work less hours, don't get promoted and working in lower paying fields.



 




 Why are the cups so big? What goes in their aside from coffee and milk?

Or is at all coffee? 




 150 years of fighting for equal rights for men and women is definitely summed up by a moron on reddit posting a screenshot of two idiots have an argument about an ugly shirt.  




 I just finished the second half and it certainly picked up. I got lost in the long speeches about hope between Charles and Logan. 

 




 I'm asking whether anyone else found the movie dull. 
 




 I've sat down to watch this the last three nights and keep falling asleep.

Is it really boring or am I just exhausted?

EDIT: Wow! Do people really love this movie? Have a hit a nerve? 

 




 I can see two mistakes you've made there. 









 In 2005, George W. Bush told the world that God told him to "go and end the tyranny in Iraq."

I'd argue that would count as pretty radical christianity. 

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa 




 Here's a list of ten.

http://www.salon.com/2013/08/03/the_10_worst_examples_of_christian_or_far_right_terrorism_partner/ 




 Afghanistan now has a huge skater community.

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/meet-the-skater-girls-of-afghanistan 




 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtkST5-ZFHw 




 This is brilliant.

You need to take a screen shot of this, print it out and put it in a time capsule so that, years from now when you're an adult, you can pull it out and shake your head. 




 I dig those goggles. 




 Enough. Just, enough.

You get one chance to release a film, maybe two if the producers completely ruin the original work ala The Wicker Man.

A film's plot should be solid and inevitable, and this endless fiddling and re-releasing does nothing but water down what came before.

  




 I'm looking for someone to redesign www.conman.com.au

The basic page structure will remain the same but I'd like a better, hipper, retro design.

http://line25.com/articles/showcase-trendy-hipster-style-website-designs

If you're keen, send me a private message with 

1) a quote 
2) examples of your most hipstery work. 

Thanks.



 




 You fight like a dairy farmer. 




 TAKE CRAP/PISS
 




 I don't understand this one. Can someone explain it to me?

 




 Which you take a photo of and share back on reddit.

And thus, the circle of life continues. 




 I wear a hat hat all the time, inside and out

...m'lady.  




 Thanks, I've listed it above. 




 I hate wearing suits, love hats. 

This is what I'm working with at the moment when I need to dress up.

What am I doing right? Wrong?

https://twitter.com/CountLustig/status/530246138973007872/photo/1

EDIT: 
* Suit: Cambridge
* Hat: Kangol (literally the only brand of hat that fits my 64cm head)
* Silk Tie: G V London
* Shirt: Ted Baker 




 Nice one. They're good people. 




 illegal sadly 




 We redditors don't have money. I mean REAL people, who leave their houses.  




 I'm a bit stumped for places to promote these gigs I'm helping run from 2-6 June. I've hit up all the university groups and done the usual poster runs but I'm sure there are people out there who'd be keen to come along.

I'm used to having SOME budget to plug these events. Any ideas?

The event info is here: https://www.facebook.com/events/305932406277841/ 




 There is a difference between the two groups but the venn diagram overlaps more than a little. 




 That's some dodgy math. 

There are 30,000 racehorses in Australia. [source: Australian Racing Handbook]

That means a horse has 1 in 240 chance of being killed during a race.

These doesn't include all the other terrible ways a horse can die in this industry.

 




 It's wonderful. Introduces a cast of annoying hipsters and then makes 'em suffer. 




 It is a sad state of affairs when I book as stupid as this one ends up on the top of TIL 




 I binged first season last month and it was great. But it took a nose dive in the second. When does it become good again? 




 Congratulations!  




 Good point.  




 I've never understood hipster bashing. 

They're just living their lives doing what makes them happy, hurting no one. Who am I to tell them they can't explore all of life's opportunities and wonders just because some stranger thinks they're trying too hard or that they are too pretentious.

All that said, put some fucking shoes on.

EDIT: I think many of you missed the key issue. Tolerance or not, that man needs to put some goddamn shoes on. He's in a cafe for pete's sake.  




 Isn't it his niece in the comic? 




 I don't think reddit has too many people in the target demo for this one. 




 Um, The Governor lost his eye after he attacked Michonne because she killed his daughter. 

So there is really no way a one eyed Governor AND his daughter could be in the same place at the same time.

Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.

(Great costume) 




 My sister and me.* 




 Last line from the last movie Peter Seller's shot...

"Life is a state of mind." 




 "I'm an average nobody... get to live the rest of my life like a schnook" 




 The NT news is glorious!

https://www.google.com.au/search?q=NT+News espv=2 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=35JSVLHtC8OOmwW-4YHABg ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg biw=1164 bih=638 




 The boat builder rows over to the island and is in a passionate embrace with his lover when they are attack by a wild man.

He escapes but the woman is killed. The wildman chases him out to sea, carrying the body of the woman. 




 Saw this last night. It is magnificent. 




 Christ there are some terrible people in this thread. 




 Lexi Alexander all the way. Punisher: War Zone is a work of art. 

Listen to her and Patton Oswalt talking about the movie on How Did This Get Made. 

http://www.earwolf.com/episode/punisher-war-zone/ 




 http://31.media.tumblr.com/26eee15beb50a165c6636048ff7abc93/tumblr_nc0ouznsDv1rvsoq2o2_1280.gif 




 Thank you! I forgot how awesome that movie is.

Also, he makes a kick ass stew 




 A hat? 









 I did some research and yes, they are on html5 

http://techcrunch.com/2012/07/11/html5-keeps-growing-users-have-built-one-million-html5-sites-on-wix-in-the-past-three-months/

 




 The birth of Sandman is beautiful....

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpaecszRRG0 
























