 Go Blue! 




 Aren't all games free if you do it right? :P 




 Lights,

You are coming to Phoenix on Halloween. Going anywhere to hang out after your show or going straight to the airport? 




 Don't listen to Mrknowitall666.

What he is referring too is a Currency Transaction Report (CTR) which is done by any bank when someone deposits or withdrawals $10,000.01 in a day. 

When this is done the bank will ask you for your ID and get information from you such as your employer and what you do for work. They do send all this information to the government.

Now if you owe back taxes, child support, etc. YES this money will be alerted and subsequently have your account frozen. If you are not in this situation you have NOTHING to worry about. 


TL:DR

If you are an honest citizen deposit that shit into your bank do not deposit it over time or sit on it at home.

I did this shit daily in banking.


EDIT: Added bonus unless you trigger the $10k amount in a day nothing gets reported at all to anyone except maybe a banker to sell you shit you probably don't need. 




 this photo was kept in excellent condition. I can't even keep my clean laundry from getting wrinkled 




 [Did anyone else think of this](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19967983.jpg)

or am I the only one 




 She 18 yet? 




 Fuck Ohio, GO BLUE!
 




 Waiting for people to get off the phone so I could use the internet to play muh games 




 Still sat in economy too. 




 And there it is.. the realization your cities sports teams are terrible. lolol

Last time we won the series...80's.. but last I checked we still have more than you :D 

3 




 lol

Red Wings  Blackhawks
Tigers  Sox/Cubbies
and lets also look at the NFL last year - Lions  Bears (but we both know the Lions haven't been relevant since Sanders)

You can have basketball and continue losing to the 8 seed in the playoffs. 




 lol such a fucking tool. It's not my fault Chicago sports hasn't been relevant in years or they choke hard on a big black dick (Bulls). 

Tell your boys to play better next year. :) 




 Not my fault you guys can't win when it matters most :) 




 Go Tigers! 




 Damn.. upvote for tight jeans! 





























 Ahhh so it's from a crematorium????

Nice.. Glad I get to spend part of my day smelling that crap on my way to and from work.

 




 Hey sorry for the delay. No I didn't go. My ex had to cancel since her car needed to get repaired. I need to get with her to reschedule it but with the holidays basically here her and I have both been busy with family stuff.

 




 Ok, this is bothering me because I can't figure it out. lol.
On I-17 between Jefferson and Grant there is this awful smell. I have to go through this every day and I just want to know what it is. I have even detoured through the area trying to figure it out and I couldn't.

Is there a plant over there? A factory of some sort? I don't even know how to describe the smell other than its awful lol 




 I thought this was cute till I saw the cast come through.. :(
 




 My brain...it hurts.. 




 They have science consultants on the show. I'd imagine very accurate!

(Source - season 1 DVD extras) 




 ahh yes.. you are right! my bad, thanks for that correction.. Spinato's is another place I have heard great things about too though!!  




 The Codfather (Bell Road/16th st) (next to Santisi I think) is incredible. Best fish/chips I have had.

If you are looking for nightclubs, I have been to Axis/Radius and enjoyed it. 
 




 lol, well my friend let me tell you. Sheriff Arpaio is anti-illegal immigration. He routinely sets up stings to capture illegals who have crossed the border. Seeing as that we are so close to the Mexico border many wrongfully accuse the Office of being racist toward the Hispanic community. This is not true. The Office has successfully capture illegals from Canada and European countries. The majority is Hispanic however. The media HATES the Sheriff and routinely conducts reports on him. As a result the public has seemed to believe that all employees are racist toward Hispanics. This is not true though. Many of us have no ill feelings toward any culture or race. I am sure some out there have prejudices but I can't speak to that.   




 I love magnum's. I am not a smoker, but I have been getting more into wines and such. They have great prices, friendly staff, and they are very knowledgeable. I am not a wine expert or really any type of alcohol expert. Anything you recommend I should try? I am not a fan of reds and when it comes to liquor, I typically only drink vodka. I would like to get into some whiskey's and such but not sure what to try and how to try it i.e. with/without ice, etc. 




 Win! 




 That poor ZL1 :( 




 Math 101.. seems about right
 




 Recorded before The Game last year!

BEAT OHIO! 




 I love Alison Brie!
 




 Which one is the bear and which one is the dog?

mind blown! 




 "...so she grabbed her pig."

and then gutted it..... 
























 why do i never notice these things? 




 Best: The sunsets

Worst: the fucking 120+ degree summers

Arizona 




 he left you two full ones at least... 




 anxiously waiting
 




 White castle.... 




 your mom smokin crack? 




 What kind of work do you do? 




 Right after this was taken...they jumped out of the basket 




 Doesn't matter had sex 




 YOU KNOW *[HERMANO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuQTyq5RGY)*?


 




 hand drum solo ftw
 




 POWER DRIVE! 




 Expect someone to knock on your door soon! O.O 




 dat ass! 




 upvote for red! 


































 I had this crush on a girl in high school for years. After we graduated she said to me, "I really like you and wished you would have asked me out."

I told her at that time my feelings for her and about the crush and she said, "oh I was just kidding around I didn't really mean that" and she walked away laughing. 




 OP is really the vandal! 




 All it takes is one little fight. 




 winner!
 




 Often called pears.... 




 The bathroom at Lafayette Coney Island in Detroit.. 

Anyone who has been there knows what I'm talking about.. 

The walk to the bathroom is terrifying. If you survive the trip you must then attempt to avoid hitting your head on the pipe that is in the bathroom. Once successfully completed beware of the cockroaches coming to take advantage of you with your pants down.
 









 "My mouth tastes like burning" - Ralph 









 "Who caked the bucket" 




 Kate Upton 




 I was really hoping to find a post from one of the girls who received a rose.. that would have been awesome.


Either way, cool video. 




 You didn't take it to Lafayette Coney Island?!?


It was nice seeing all the pictures of "home" though! 




 And that's why you always leave a note 




 I have always thought braces on a woman are attractive. The woman who cuts my hair has braces and I think it makes her way hotter. 




 Can someone teach that kid how to tie a tie? 




 good luck getting that out. lol
 
























 Miss-terious 




 I'm a detention officer at the maximum security jail. 36k a year 600 saved but I'm about to buy a new gun.. sooo... nothing saved. Lol 




 Lol no you fucking retard. I'm saying that mat 90 is not a pre-requisite for any education degree...or any degree.. it's only because you fucked up on your assessment test. 




 No.. it is not.. 

MAT 90 is because the student didn't do well on the assessment test. College level math starts at 101. Students interested in teaching, and any degree really, are required to take math classes to a certain point to satisfy their general requirements. 

When they go to their program of study, in this case education, they will take other classes that focus on how to teach it among other things.

Here is an education major at a university in my city. This is the math requirements for a degree in their program:

MAT-150	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers I	This is the first in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts include set theory, functions, numeration systems, number theory and properties of the natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, ratios, proportions, decimals, and percents, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.	4
MAT-151	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers II	This is the second in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts of elementary probability, data analysis, descriptive statistics, geometry of shapes in two and three dimensions, congruence and similarity, measurement, and geometric transformations, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisite: MAT 150.	4
MAT-250	College Algebra and Trigonometry	This course is a unified study of fundamental concepts from algebra and trigonometry that provide the necessary background for the study of calculus. Topics include modeling linear equations and inequalities; functions and their graphs; polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions; systems of equations and inequalities; matrices and determinants; and conic sections. There is an emphasis on developing both a fundamental understanding of these concepts as well as their application to real-world problem solving. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better. 




 Math 90....

Good for you... 




 Big 10 Title incoming! 




 Diamonds... she'll pretty much "have to" 




 You'll probably never top that game in your lifetime! lol
 




 In my line of work we call this "racial tension" and get our tasers and pepper spray ready with a smile Lol

 




 Maybe you should change your name? 




 I vote OP bring some Lafayette Coney Island or at the very least some white castle with him! 




 I started sleeping on the couch because of those stupid bed sheets.

You win bed..you win! 




 his name is officer gooch....

lolz. 




 Best comment:

Keyser Sze 1 hour ago
I would buy two mobile homes from that brunette. Then make stains in both of them with her. 




 I love hockey. My favorite sport.. I am curious to know who he is :) 




 The heart 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJzwAswDzns feature=youtube_gdata_player 
























 Still better than Ben Affleck 




 Which tmnt game was that? 




 Let's go Red Wings 




 And I thought i was doing [good :(](http://i.imgur.com/6tu8fZz.png)

 




 Not turning left on red when it's a one way street. UGH! 









 The guy who attacked her is in there for aggravated assault. There is a mixture of various crimes that are housed at that jail. 














 Tell that to the courts 




 For you Phoenix Zoo people, what kind of bears and cats do they have? 




 Any grinding sound, like sandpaper for example, always "hurts" even if its not happening to me. 




 Ask Bernie Madoff 




 This dude, iron chin, is a cunt bag. Jesus Christ. 




 This is the internet. Not the real world. 




 Dwigt 




 I hated working for Chase 
























 You look incredible. Keep up the good work.
I'm down 110 with 80 more to go. 









 I hope your ear feels better soon.

:(
3 you 




 I've been diagnosed with severe depression and I'm in love with a woman who left me for another man... ehh. I'm alright. Lol 




 Soon to be in the Olympics 









 Seems legit 




 You're the best! 




 This is exactly why I love you :) 









 [Directions](http://www.trusper.com/tips/MELTED-RAINBOW-CAKE-/15000717) 









 I'm a brand new rider. I just finished a 2 day Basic Riders Course with Team Arizona. They spent a decent amount of time discussing scenarios very similar to this one. 

This video and commentary really helps put into perspective how important that extra second is. 




 Go Blue!! 




 I want that purple stuff 




 Ever seen the 4th Ave Jail then? 




 twist - husband was a chubby chaser now they are divorced 
























