 How do you know it was a Brazil guy? Do you have his Steam profile?
If not, how can you prove it was not you who was hacking?
I'm not jumping to conclusions, just asking.
 




 Somehow... Players are still playing and don't complain.
Why did you come here? GO back and play FACEIT! Noone is forcing you to play matchmaking at Valve servers.
 




 From the way you talk, it seems like you don't mind cheating yourself.
Good luck on mining those bitcoins too... :D 




 I do bar pull ups and tricks mostly, when i go play CS:GO i can't get a single kill cause my arms get all twitchy/shaky.
I think taking a run before playing would be a better idea :P 




 I was hoping for an eco ace... The title should be called "How to exploit a glitch to get an unfair advantage".
 




 Wait... There is no defuse animation..?

 




 Oh god, "Freeman was here" is a reference to Half-Life saga o.O 




 Make the smoke mass rotate towards player, not it's camera.  




 I could agree with you on that, however it still needs balance improvements as i keep finding the round outcomes unequal. I'm not talking player skill wise, I'm talking about rotation time it takes for CT's to come from A to B, CT's wouldn't be able to defuse in-time if they are on the other side of the map.
 




 I firstly do the layout, then i make the spawns for a show. Every other part of the map is being made afterwards. (DEV textures, scaling, geometry, texturing, props, decals ETC).

Usually spawn is the first place you see when you start playing the map, so i wan't that place to be as impressive as possible.

 




 But not THAT complex! :D
 




 That's why I'm changing scale and layout :) 




 Haha, i didn't explain quite well. What i meant is, CS:GO is running on the newest Source engine version! :D 




 Sure thing, PM me. :P 




 Agreed, that's why I'd love suggestions how to improve the layout. I will be removing some parts of the map, as well as bringing new ones.
Thank you for feedback! :) 




 CSGO is a brand new engine, don't worry, i won't make the map cluttered. Every mappers 1st priority is optimization, as it plays the biggest part in competitive! 
I will focus on bringing de_storm and de_vegas as soon as I'm done with de_torn. :) 




 If so, why? What do you think would make you wan't this map? Any suggestions are appreciated :) 




 http://imgur.com/3vBhZh7.png
Very early sneek peak... CT spawn is way shorter than on 1.6 due to ridiculous time it takes to get to the bombsites. Also, the spawn roof has been lowered unlike original Torn, as when jumping down it dealt 40 health of damage.

I would love suggestions coming, if anyone is willing to collaborate you can always PM me, as at the moment it's 1 man project. :)

Let me know if you'd like some more screenshots! 




 Give it a try, here's a better layout -
http://www.counter-strike.pl/pliki/images/092001/CS2D_DE_TORN_SUB.jpeg 




 You managed to do it by playing with the most over-powered auto-sniper in the game. Against Silvers. 









 We need to do a fundraiser for a CS:GO tournament, maybe a petition? 




 That's such a minor thing i didn't even knew this thing existed. 




 I feel you mate, i got 6 days left of my ban cause of this stuff.
WHERE'S THE FIX VALVE? It's been almost 2 days! 




 There's a bravo case model in Hammer, I'm so making this when i have free time :P Haha 




 I did contact. I just want Valve to notice that this is happening not only to me, but a lot of people. 









 How about we just have a classic 1.6 knife, with it's finger flip animations?
 




 It's all about preference, some people like me would rather take careful but  deadly shots conserving ammo, instead of spamming bullets going for a kill.
I'm not saying p2k is bad, but USP-s iss just a bit more "accurate" choice for me. 




 Or, like wise man once said - Treat everyone like shit cause they'll still treat you like shit. :D 




 Oh god, not another silo/storage/crate style map!
Also, where's the overview? I wan't to see the layout before downloading.
 




 It's not a DDOS, Valve servers are way more powerful than for a single person just to go and simply crash them.
It was a lag switch, and for those who don't know what it is - It's basically turning cable on and off, making server loose client packets.
To be simple, you can "simulate" lag to other people. 




 I love how they keep fighting against VAC, and our job as community is to assist Valve fighting them back.
I think what's important for Valve is to be aware of such websites/forums, where they can keep track of new cheats coming.

The best way to reduce the amount of hackers is not to simply ban every cheater once they pop up, it's the core.
They should keep making VAC updates more regular when a new cheat comes out, so that it takes longer for them to flood.

It's an idea. I'm sure they are working very hard against cheaters already. OP, thanks for informing. :D 




 I think a way to fix it would be to place a clip brush where the bug occurs at Hammer.

 




 I'm been learning Hammer a shit-ton recently. Does anybody wanna cooperate working on this? PM if you're interested. I'd love to work on something like this! :P 




 I like the connector between two buildings, apparently they are too close as bombsites together. Maybe, make the parking building the bombsite? The round multi-stories one.
It would be hard to make it though.
 




 Props are a bad way to hide maps flaws, i personally suggest focusing on geometrical brush-work and beauty of the map (lighting, look, theme) instead of trashing all over props.
Also, to start you gotta make these pics into a layout, hard part :( 




 If you downvote this, at least tell me why. Write your opinions in the comments. 




 Fixed. 









 Cpl_mill is de_mirage on CSGO if I'm correct.
EDIT: I'm mistaken, it's cpl_strike 




 Way too over-edited :/
Nice frags tho. 




 BOT Frank vs BOT Lester...
I can't image that. 




 I don't wan't to make wallbang areas too powerful though, as in 1.6 you can pretty much wallbang anywhere you wan't and still pick a kill or two.

I will take your advices into consideration :) 




 Get a VPN. Free ones aren't the best ones, but should be something to help against DDOS'ers. 




 I will be replacing them. Don't worry :D 




 I just don't like the theme of Nuke and how it's CT side oriented, that is all. It is also because of Nostalgia, and some features which Valve removed; Such as ability to open doors by throwing a grenade at them, or crouching in vents.

Yes, I'm using 1.6 port as a bare-bone, although I'm slowly replacing the geometry to more detailed brush work. I wan't to keep 1.6 scale and features.

For more detailed answer, look at the post i made above.
EDIT: ImDose explained it the best, it's just for fun. Some people enjoy stuff like that. Like i do! :) 




 As you can see it's not an edit of Valve's Nuke, it's a complete 1.6 port.
All scale and layout is completely the same. Some players asked me to port the Nuke and make a detailed version of it. Instead of retexturing it, i also try to add geometry additions to it, prop models and everything else.
 
There are a few good reasons why i would wan't to remake Nuke, first of all - There's way too much "Competitive Edits" for Valves Nuke. You can't keep bashing it. It's been released, and every slight change makes a huge difference (Like the outside entrance by Volcano's edit, it added a whole new tactic to the game. You would have to change layout drastically. That's why, i wan't to make my version of Nuke. It would feel close, but it wouldn't be the same map.

Also, it's because of nostalgia. I think a lot of 1.6 veterans can relate.

That's why I'm asking what people wan't, because if i find this as a good opportunity to expand the map and i will gladly do it if people wan't so. (Add new routes, choke points, make it different.)

I also think that the original theme for the map was a lot more realistic. (Blowing up nuclear missiles in deserted base)
At the moment de_nuke is basically a de_plant/de_nuclear. I'm talking about design.

Lastly. Pro players even though they love Volcano's edit, they didn't appreciate that you were able to run in vents. I find it silly. In 1.6 version you would get slowed down when running around at upper A, in CSGO you get a lot more space which gives a way more tactical position to CT's on an already CT sided map. You could simply run over above the squeeky door and the whole "A strat" would be ruined.
At the moment i wan't to limit space at A for CT's, but still keep the option to shoot at squeeky/house/outside.
Even adding a ramp from house to heaven would make a RADICAL difference.
Also, on 1.6 you were able to fake open doors by throwing a grenade at them, in CSGO you can't do that in Nuke anymore. I'd love to bring that back too.

Anyways, i could remake the whole map, and i could keep it as a detailed port/remake of 1.6. Depends on how people wan't it.


I would really appreciate constructive criticism, and i really favor everyone's opinions/thoughts. I note them, and i will try to reply to questions.

Thanks for asking. 

P.S - Train has already gotten an 1.6 edit by Volcano, take a look -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epMBBbcxVL8 




 Maybe you can flashbang boost there? 
Valve said they removed flashbang boosting but it still seems to work partially :D 
 









 Lester OP 




 I imagine the way to fix it, would be to make smoke particles rotate at player rather than camera. 




 @codename_rondo Exactly my point. If i was the guy to get trapped I'd kindly ask them, or just stay in the room till they get killed by someone. They wouldn't stand there all round anyways.

Team-killing is not always a way out, especially considering 7 day ban :P

Also, in the video he even tried to shoot one of the guys through the wall, which looks very obvious to me. He was rude, and he got what he deserved. 




 He deserved the knife :D 




 Did you actually watch the video? 




 Oh... I think you've got very high FPS, lock it down to under 500 (100 is enough for me.)

fps_max 200


I'm not too sure about this, though. 




 If you look very closely you can see that it's fake. 




 You're very right at this point. 




 Watch the comment i made above, i didn't say anything about ranks being associated with unboxing knifes :P

About the Smurfing, i know you can't find out if someone is playing on friends account/computer, but you can find out if someone has alternate accounts on IP. It wouldn't solve the problem, but it would reduce it drastically. 




 Let me explain it a bit, i didn't articulate what i meant properly :D

What i mean is; Some people get lucky with getting a knife from a case, maybe even a few (Which is what i doubt). If you sell a knife on Steam Market, you can pretty much buy as much CSGO gift codes for alternate accounts as you wan't.
Ignoring that, you can still buy CS:GO for VERY cheap when it's on sale.

@BrokenStool You don't know what i meant. I didn't even say anything about trading...
 




 Valve needs to do something about smurfing, it's getting out of control lately.
Recently i had a match. It ruined my whole day, i didn't even wan't to play competitive anymore. I had a high ping, it is my internet provider problem, even though that wasn't the cause. Pretty much the whole enemy team were a bunch of smurfs, one Global Elite and a few Master Guardians on Silver accounts. They weren't those nice smurfs who tell you what you do wrong.. Give advices, help out in situations and do it for a purpose of making stuff better. No... They we're making fun of us, purposefully ruining the match.

Here's a few ways Valve could reduce the problem -
- Make a limit of Steam accounts per-IP.
- Add option to Solo Queue on matchmaking, so you don't get pit against a pre-made team. (While your own is random picked)
- For friendly smurfs, add a new feature - Coaching. Something like TF2.
 




 Am i the only one here that thinks this is kind of creepy? o.o 




 Wait, is SweetFX VAC safe? 




 Friberg, so majestic :P 




 You mean, this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0CoRJb82SQ 




 It happens to me too. Hope Volvo fixes that.

But there are still people who wait untill the last second, those, are the annoying ones :P 




 You know those moments when the "accept" button appears, and someone doesn't press the accept button or wait till the last second? I really hate those people.
Hope i'm not off-topic.

What do you guys think? (It's specifically if your not playing with a team but with random people) 




 Please, no... Don't do mistakes that COD montage makers do. Especially that shockwave effect when shooting. It's nice tho. 




 Interesting bug... Not useful though. 




 Actually, as a mapper i can say this is possible to have certain objects to have different prop locations at every round/match. I even saw a tutorial on how to do it on 1.6 Worldcraft.


It needs logic controllers (Only mappers will understand).

In short, yes, it's possible. But very limited. 
























 Rumor has it - When bomb explodes on Inferno fish in pond will float dead

(I don't know if it happened previously?) 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 Where should i find a server like this?! 




 You can't DDoS LAN tourneys, it was probably technical problems... 




 GTFO 
Theres a subreddit for that. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 They didn't make it for a reason, most of these are either too big or too small, too cramped or too open. In short, they don't fit to Competitive 5v5 standards. I'm not talking about ALL of them, there are some really good maps, so don't get me wrong.
Hopefully those who have some free time in their hands can sit down and rewrite the layout of some classics.


Interesting stuff - De_Chateau is being remade by me and my friend, so you can consider that to be worked on! :P
 




 I thought it was the opposite o.o
Just look at the Skybox on Cache...
 




 
I hope you don't wan't me to explain why i said so?

How is this even close to COD? This is probably one of the cleanest looking maps besides Agency at the moment... Also, CS:GO is a competitive game, the amount of clutter is not even near to COD. What gave you a thought that this is like any COD map? Can you give me an example of a COD map like this? 




 Yeah! Let's go back playing DE_DUST! This is too much over-cluttered, amirite?
 




 You got to be the most weird person in the universe. Not gonna go further in-depth to explain what you just said.  




 You prefer the bland usual "factory" style which most mappers easily adopt to, amirite? :)

Go and play the original Season, it will always be available even after this release... 




 All these people moaning "Please don't over-do visuals" probably have to check their eyes, the map is so simple clean and nice, the textures are smooth... Good job as always FMPONE! :) 




 Cause you keep matchmaking with pre-made team that has Silvers in it .
Go solo queue to play with your rank players.
 




 I wasn't replying to you, i guess the comment stacking got messed up. I was addressing to Bravehood. 




 Lag switching is illegal, lagging isn't.
 




 It's not SiC's fault, it's Auzii's fault, he started the chain by using a copyrighted image on Howl. 




 I didn't start off with Source version and recompiled it, i remade it. It does look very similar, but it's just the Bombsite B, the other part of the map doesn't exist cause it isn't made/remade. (But yes, i used Source version as a bare-bones for scaling and geometry, but it's not recompiled for CS:GO)
I could put up comparison screenshots, but i don't work on this anymore so there's no point basically.
I do have subscribed some ports from Source to CS:GO on workshop just for a look, but i don't really know how to find map source to decompile so it's just impossible for me to work with workshop content.
I did play the original Russka in 1.6 though.
But you got a good point there, and i agree with a lot of what you said.

I wish i could give you the credit in the first place, but there's no way to add description at Reddit link posts, that would explain a lot of stuff.

Anyways, i understand how you feel about this, but i haven't done a lot of stuff to continue with the map, so if you wan't me to take down this post contact me on PM. I would not hesitate to do so, just because you gave an constructive and valuable statement.


 




 It's the balance really. Engaging early doesn't let players set up smokes/flashes and positions, i think that would be a con to pros.

I might try a mixture of both, hopefully. 




 Shouldn't it be the opposite? 




 Good luck, i encourage you to do that and i would love to play on it.
I have moved on with this project.
You got some nice fanbase here, as you can see people would really love you to make this map.
Btw, welcome to the Reddit! 




 Thank you! :D
I really wish i could remove them, but i still feel like it plays a big part in next-gen spawn camping.... 




 Please read my reply below, thanks. 




 Did i said i stole anything? More over, did i post the map anywhere? The screenshot doesn't tell anything about the layout. It might be completely different with a different name, it's just the map style, which you can't really blame me for. :P

Go ahead and tell that to people who actually ripped Source version and put it up on the workshop. Don't scream at people who admire your work and wan't to achieve something similar to learn.


If you wan't to sort this out, i would suggest using PM.
And yes, i do make other maps as my hobby.
P.S - This is also one of my hobby projects, nothing too special. I might use it to play it on LAN with my teammates. 
P.S.S - I'm mapping since 1.5, Brute pls.
Peace. 
 




 Fill DCMA notice, hopefully the item gets removed from Steam Market and prices go up.

Friggin' art stealers. 




 De_cbble was supposed to be a successor to de_dust, the creator wanted to name de_dust2 to de_dust3 in the first place.

I remember reading his article about making de_dust2... 




 Originally the map had mid to B rotates, but i blocked off the entrance as the time it takes for CT's to go from A to B is very close to the amount it takes on Nuke (Literally, instantly.)
While having it blocked, Ct's have to go around all the way.
That way it makes it more balanced and give CT's time to rethink they're strategies before going either bombsite.

The door is not supposed to be widened. The reason why is because there is long A to the left which gives more space if you need it. The door has a window above it, so additional support Terrorist could go up to doors and smoke mid without being exposed, or throw flashbangs.

At most part i could agree, but it's all about timing and smokes, which professional players really nit-pick about. 




 That's an good idea, it would encourage team-work! 




 You'll be able to test it once it goes on the workshop! :D 




 Sure thing! PM me I'll help you out ;) 




 If they wanna do their things they go to the inside part of the cafeteria where is the WC.  




 Oh my god, the second layout. Love it. 




 http://i.imgur.com/hI88gqz.png
Layout V3 (Based on @justdefaultaccount feedback!) 




 You're right. The above post was a joke. :) 




 I encourage that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/L0AYF2j.jpg
Better? 




 It's the same vending machines they're using since 2004 :P
Except it has a different name. I might change the texture when i find an texture artist to work with. 




 I wish. 




 Thank you for your opinion, i will be putting it up on workshop soon. :) 




 Didn't even notice that similarity! :D
Who knows, it might prove to be very fun! 




 Thank you, it means a lot to me! :) 




 Like i said, high risk high trade-off bombsite. It's really easy though, terrorists could just throw a smoke down the hallway and push into the bombsite.
I wanted to keep the entrances to be close in the viewpoint, If there were more you would get into situation where you look at doors and get shot from the back.

I would also love to possibly add vents as an optional entrance from Alt A. 

I would be glad to add any additions you would suggest, how do you think i could improve bombsite B? 




 This is supposed to be outside cafeteria. It also has a nice view of hills and river. 
When it's that hot outside, I'm sure you would prefer sitting outside too! :P 




 http://i.imgur.com/p65cISZ.png

LAYOUT UPDATE! 




 I wanted to keep alternative B as an entrance through doors, kinda like Cache. (You can throw flashbangs through windows for retake)

Let's say there was one CT standing behind door, and one standing at mid, the CT in alt B pop flashes the bombsite for CTs to push in through the other side.

Now that you mention it, i might as well as remove it and give an alternative path for T's to go B.
Most of the play opposite to De_Dust2 revolves around CT's utilizing mid, it's not quite the same mid as in every map, it's basically mid for CT's to rotate through. If CT's loose mid control it's harder to get it back.

It's really hard to judge the layout without playing it, as i found most of play testing very 50/50 for both sides, as there are some height and perspective changes. 

Although, it's still WIP and every layout feedback is very valuable, as i wan't to keep it as simple as possible. 
  




 It's about the same, i did some testing and CT's get at least 2 seconds before T's rush. Auto-sniper might be useful in that scenario. You can also rush ALT-B through mid for a surprise.
I might move T spawn a bit further back to give more time for CT's to ready up.

B is kind of a high-risk high-reward choke point, just because it's easy to defend before and after plant for both teams. 




 That's why it says WIP.
(The screenshot is view from CT spawn)

I will post more screenshots as soon as i touch up the important parts of the map! :) 




 Try to be the top entry fragger, i try to be sneaky at the first rounds, and when i get AK or some better weapon i mostly try to outmatch my opponents by playing aggressively.
Second thing is do pauses between matches. I usually go relax myself for a while and go back to playing. It's very important. I also take some water with myself, it helps me feel better during the match.

Also, when you feel like you're being out of luck (If your opponents are destroying you), there must be one mistake that you are doing. Try improving reaction times and pre-aim common spots. 

If none of those help you, find some teammates who played really well and add them on Steam. Together it might be easier to play.

P.S - Never depend on your team! Try to carry yourself out! Team work becomes real needed at later ranks, at Silver it's mostly basic mechanics and gamesense.  









 The screenshake. It gives me headache. 




 The screen-shake effect is an over-kill. 




 There are either two ways - When you are about to rank up (when your skill increases) you get matched with higher ranked enemies, the second way is that you live in a region closest to a server that doesn't have as much players. 




 We all started as noobs.
Maybe the guy is still learning. 




 I think the guy needs specifically a theme, not layout ideas? I'm not sure, but that's what i lack the most.
When i try to whip up a new design for a map i either come up with Nuke/Cache styled map or Inferno.
 




 I'm still waiting for that ultimate one shot ace since 1.5.  




 He didn't even announce working on his own version... Speaking of that, it would take him 2 years to make one. Empty promises.

I will be renaming the map and changing the layout for more fluid gameplay.  




 Like wise man once said, if everyone you meet are assholes that means you are an asshole.

gg wp OP. 




 Texture choice i assume! :P 




 Better change that map-name quick...
 









 I practice Bhopping in CS:GO, but trust me, the way you make these big strafes just after landing and gain the speed looks way too impossible. 




 Valve should hire you. 




 The feels are strong with this one. 




 126
http://steamcommunity.com/id/theguma/

GL HF 




 You can't sell a knife to a friend, you can only trade.
Once you post a knife for this cheap it will get bought by bot almost instantly.

Even then, trades can be checked.  




 The gif is so smooth i feel like I'm watching a video. 




 It may not be very good for competitive scene, but as far as casual goes there is already an remake on Workshop. 




 Depends on your performance during the match.
 




 It happens when i launch CSGO from shortcut.
Try launching from library on Steam (Client.)
If THAT doesn't work, go to game properties, launch options and remove -insecure.

Hope it helps.  




 It's a bot. Thanks for your info. When you saw the message you should have instantly changed password. Or was it too late when you saw the message? 
























 I'm up for it. 




 The concept of plane blowing that is. 




 It's a great concept, however i heard that Valve's policy is highly against such maps due to 911 stuff.
I would love to see this idea realized. 




 READ:
Before you go and say this is the wrong sub-reddit - I am not asking about mapping questions, i am asking about CS:GO maps in general. The user database here is larger, thus i can get more feedback on my projects. This IS related to CS:GO.
----

Hello! I'm a relatively new map maker. You might remember me from my crappy little teasers such as.. de_russka port, de_oasis, de_nuke remake and so on back and forth.
I come down to be very nit-picky and specific when it comes to how players accept new maps and how maps accept new players, and i find it important for the experience to be enjoyable. Here's a few questions to all of you dear CS:GO pros/players/noobs.

1. When players talk about "new" maps, they wan't to see something "new". If so, could you point out specifically what new mechanics/dynamics would you like to see in maps besides boost spots, mid control ETC? Maybe buttons to turn off lights? Anything.

2. Do you find new maps less attractive gameplay wise than the old 1.6/Source maps? Do you think the map should stand a test of time to become acceptable?

3. What feature do you think makes the new CS:GO maps different from 1.6/Source maps gameplay wise?

4. What does CS:GO maps lack gameplay wise in comparison to 1.6/Source?

5. Do you think that mid makes the map more acceptable to new players, or not?

6. What do you think would make a new maps different from each other more?

I will be very thankful for any feedback, i do not necessarily need the answers to ALL of these questions, but i would like some/any feedback to collect data and make new maps more enjoyable. Thank you!
 




 Your neighbors sitting under your desk using a wireless keyboard :P 




 Do you have in any-case installed Teamviewer? Teamviewer allows to control computer remotely. Also, i would suggest to possibly use VPN.
(I'm not tech-savvy too so don't blame me D:) 




 With some rough chin. 




 In 1.6 you were able to kill someone with HE grenade through thin walls/doors (R.I.P de_dust2 wooden doors), i think having explosion properties through certain materials would be pretty nice. 




 That means don't buy anything at all. That's the only way to ECO. If you are spending money, that is not economical. Especially on later rounds when enemies buy kevlar/armor, SMG's become practically useless. 




 On Source, if you kill someone you die the next round. I wonder how it would fit into CS:GO scene. 




 There are several clip textures, the basic "clip" for everything, "player clip" so that grenades and stuff can pass but the player can't and the "prop clip" is the one that does not allow props / grenades to pass.
Sorry for misleading a bit! :P

Good luck. 




 I guess the weirdest way would be to add prop clipping brush at water level, so grenades bounce off water? :P 




 Did i say anything about useful appliance in matchmaking? Nope.
For fun. 




 Fixed. :P 




 In my language Guma - Bubble gum, apparently in Polish it also means condom. 




 Great findings! I hope this is true. 




 When i saw the demo and looked at some frags they looked pretty weird, but that's just because the demo is glitchy, thus why i wrote "I was unsure". I never said he was walling or anything like that, the phrase "Overwatch pls" is just a joke about silly players reporting for skillful shots.
 




 Cause he's got swag. 




 So i checked it out, pretty interesting.
It seems like you had a good layout and theme idea, but still lack a few elements.
As good as it looks at the moment, it lacks visibility, which is a very important aspect in CS:GO.
Here's a few things you could do -
Slightly turn up light_environment brightness. (For non-mappers - visual brightness)
Add lamps/lights at entrances to highlight important parts of the map. Valve used this lighting method to lead players where they have to go in Half-Life 2.
Add tarps and planks to cover ground-level elements, such as crates barrels ETC.

A little minor thing... Increase the texture size on skybox displacements... It looks very repetitive.

Other than that i found no problems, seems like a potential map! 




 Let's add building size tarps so we can see enemies clear! :P 




 On CSS de_nuke you were able to shoot fire extinguishers. After bomb exploded there was alarm too. 




 Please, don't. Don't monetize it.
Unless the money goes to Volvo 128 tick server hosting i doubt anyone is going to pay for it.
I'll leave this here:
aim_training_csgo (Workshop map)
nuke_silojump (Workshop map)
And there's plenty more!
This is not a way to start a discussion.
 




 Yes, it is totally possible! I would love to see something like that being utilized in competitive scene.

I will try whipping up a map. 




 This, is what still drives 1.6 without tournaments.
Amazing way to relief yourself from matchmaking. 




 These commands aren't new, however, backdoors in CS:GO are new.
 




 Well, that's new. Kind of reminds me of 1.6 viruses through MOTD. 




 Well that's a good comeback, no problem.
And i do have a lot of free time.
 




 And what makes you think I'm 13 years old? (By the way, spaces)
I didn't post either my photos or age, so your argument is invalid. 




 Valve did a wrong move by making floor impossible to wallbang on A, so that's going away... 




 Your comment makes no sense. 




 Heat may not be very competitive suited, but it looks fuc**** amazing!
 




 You didn't even bother putting the L at the end. I guess that shows how much brain effort you put into discussions. 




 I will extend it. 




 Go back to 1.6, troll.
 




 Pay a bit attention to the floor. The screenshot has bad angle i guess, but simplicity is not a bad thing in Counter Strike. 




 It's a normal reaction and i fully understand you, CS scene needs some new competitive maps. This is not the only project on my list, so don't worry, good stuff is comming! :) 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No2. It was a funny joke, but you're not even trying. 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No1 




 You must be fun at parties. 




 Russka was scraped, as i was unable to go well with Brutes "fans".
Torn was delayed to future, as i still have no idea what layout direction i should go for. Oasis is on its way, its nearly finished i just have to give clipping, quality and bug pass. I'm glad someones interested though, thanks for asking. 









 Yeah. :( 














 Guys name is HipScripts. Yeaaa.. Right...
I still don't get it. 




 Gonna be that asshat.
Rank-up depends how well you have done during the match.
Surrendering allows you to end the game faster without hurting your K/D, but it counts as a loss.
If you surrender 2-3 times it's a derank anyways.

Source : Experience. 




 I'ts not easy to make a layout, but it's pretty basic from the ground up. Don't do the same mistake as i do, start detailing and then shifting the layout.

Take some paper and pencils and start drawing your layout, try to see where choke points meet. Check out Valves Clover-Loaf layout, it's basically how Dust2 works. In hammer try to see the rotation, bombsite times. 
Good luck, don't go for an easy grab. 




 Not that hard, I'd use mirage textures and mainly rely on brush-work. I've seen one mapper do that style, good idea. 




 xXxDoritosxXx :D 
 To be serious, i eat before or after the match. Having my stomatch work at the same time while i'm in intense situations can feel uneasy. I just have some water and prefferably chewing gum. 




 Think about what market means, is it urban market? Or is it country-side market?

I usually love to take references from real life, especially locations which you often visit. It makes it a lot easier to convey realism and achieve a good style!

I suggest you trying to do Iran based market place, of course there is a lot of dusty maps! But if you properly worked out as it was in BF3 you would get a stunning looking map. 




 Cubemaps in Source engine are not parallax corrected, which means that when you move they will move along you since they have no stationary information stored. In this VRAY demonstration it seems like either the reflections are parallax corrected or he is using different rendering methods.
Either way, take a look at this video to see what i mean -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH6s1hbwoQQ 




 You must be pretty out of place for this game then. 




 It looks more swag. Especially before that flashbang kill. 




 Can you tell us how you found this model/screenshot, if it existed in beta?
P.S - Does it have animations? 




 Not all Russians are bad, but oh god would this help so much. Especially when you get the retard ones. 




 That could be the case, i was sure i was far away from the wall tho! :P

One thing i could tell is that they all had min; 1 VAC bans on their accounts, and less than 60 hours on CS:GO. (They were from Russia too) Isn't that suspicious? 




 I actually tried stutter-stepping/fake peeking when one of them had AWP, i heard him miss the shot even though i didn't peek at all, that was a dead giveaway. Thanks for letting me know. 




 We did reported them, now I'm hoping for the best.
I just wish there was an live Overwatch, where players who have free time can check an on-going match and when at least 2-3 overwatchers verdict the same thing after the match it applies an instant ban. I guess it would work like spectating. 




 Does that benefit in any way? 









 This is the same bug as in De_Dust2, apparently it's not as common (Garage Bug). I think it happens because of how the Source engine works, the player spawns at 0,0,0 coordinates and gets assigned to a team and spawn, if you disconnect and join at unfortunate time i guess the spawn information is missing and you get a small chance of spawning at T spawn, as if you were assigned to Terrorist team.

Don't ask me i don't know, I'm just guessing. 




 wat 




 That's correct, for casual it's fun. At least they are free, that's what's good about them.  




 Overgrown is pretty good. 




 I'm not to sound like a hater, but what happened? Remember when we got these quality maps on Operations like Cache, Seaside? It seems like more and more map makers are focused on getting their maps on operation rather than gaining map longevity by making them more competitively viable?
For example, Black Gold - It would make a good map, but i tried playing it and even after 10 matches I'm still unable to navigate no matter what, all those pipes and railings, huge vertical changes made it impossible to play it competitively for me. Any time i peek a spot i always get shot from somewhere i didn't expect, just cause a player was able to climb up on a railing where it shouldn't have been, or was able to see my feet below the pipes. Also, did i mention a single problem that all the new maps have? Z-Fighting, almost anywhere on a map i can find two props inside each-other causing weird glitches and lag.
There is a ton of maps to choose from that could have made it to operation - Tuscan, Crown, Sparity ETC...
Let's just hope they delayed the maps for a better operation. There are some good maps in the operation too, but we could have gotten a lot more.

Anyways, i wish map makers will take consideration into this, and firstly sort out map layout and then focus on details. I can recommend good communities to get feedback on layout and get the map tested on servers, such as Mapcore.

(P.S - I know the maps are free to play, that doesn't mean they are supposed to be designed for casual only play) 




 Whiskey is my backup plan after a match if i get rekt. 




 Operation Insight - Introducing the new Inferno collection, choose from 20 new scopes for your AUG/SG. 
Added ability to have StatTrack modules on your scope! 




 Take breaks between matches, always have some water near when playing. (Helps me a lot after intense round.) 




 - Haha, you have Howl for m4a4. Better save your money for that one.
- Ali? I didn't find the same experiences on Ali as on Cache, as you can see Cache is so good it stood the time test and became official.
- Few good maps, please, but ten? :/
- I felt like Crown was too spacious, i don't know what others think. It's a lovely map though. Tuscan would have been a better option.
 




 I just love how badass Mp5 looks, i would feel like spec-ops troop with that gun. 
























 Ez Tron skins Ez life 




 If you dislike the map looks, point out your opinion below on why.
 




 I'll check it out. 




 No. D: 




 I'll do an open playtesting on Mapcore, check that website out for all the cool mapping stuff. 




 I used it as a refference for inspiration, it's not totally a rip-off. The actual place is real and it exists in UAE. Most of structures in screenshots are based on refference photos i found on Google. I'm unsure about posting links in comments on this website, so if you'd like to see the photos PM me.

Moving on, I'm not sure whether people hate or like the maps looks. I can scrap the map anytime and make another generic facility/cache style one.  




 Ez Tron skins Ez life 









 The tower doesn't make sense. I'd rather make it into some old ruined temple or something.

It's very nice for the first map though! 




 I'm just joking. No need to hype up. 




 De_OpticGamingCOD 




 volvo pls. 




 Since I don't know the guy i can't blame, but clips don't make you a pro. Just like my friends thought I'm Global Elite cause i got a few lucky wallbangs and uploaded them. 




 Okay, I hate to be nit-picky about the map design over-all but here's a few pointers and suggestions.

* The overview is bad, you need to highlight parts which you can access and which you cannot, Bombsites and Spawns.

* Map lacks clipping, players can get out of bounds pretty easily.

* Try to make arches round instead of "triangle-ey" looking.

* Players hate dust and fog.

* Use info_particle_system for dust instead of func_dustcloud. it looks way better and is less intrusive. 

* Each choke-point should provide a decent amount of cover with pros and cons. You might get to a good spot but CTs would still be able to counter you. Kinda like Rock - Paper - Scissors.

* You can find entities in Hammer (Related to your note about fog)

Anyways, I hope to see it improved. Nonetheless , good work.
 




 It works if you defeat the De_Dust2 boss. Didn't you know!? 




 Rekt. 




 IMO it will be too OP, IMO having 24 hits in the head should be a kill so people don't over use it IMO. 









 Just a note, it seems like compressing the video caused some weird motion blur. Demo wasn't the greatest too, sorry for inconvenience. 









 It gets WORSE. Only during Gold Nova 1-4 




 Dudududududududududududu 




 I'm playing over Wi-Fi but i have fairly decent ping. 




 Yeh! Let's go back to 1.6 then! 




 Oh no! I see a dust mote in the air! VOLVO FIX PLS. 




 That's one of the perks of having a knife. GabeN thought it all along. 




 It also depends if they wan't to showcase the new engine. If yes, they'd update the models/textures a bit i guess. 




 Everything is done in real-time. The Hammer will no longer need to compile/bake lighting and rendering. tl;dr - No compiling. :P 




 It's basically the same except you can edit in 3D grid and no more compiling, hordes of new stuff.
I am sure you will be able to set up workspace like in previous Hammer versions. 




 Download the new developer tools to see for yourself. The tool is completely different from World-craft style Hammer we seen before.

Where did i get this info? Open up and take a look.
Lighting and rendering ARE real-time. 




 Actually, new engines are meant to be more efficient. If it was only a graphical update we would still be running on Source 1, Valve has said themselves that they wanted their engine to be more efficient and easy to use.

For example, the rendering in Source 2 is dynamically calculated unlike previous Source, which is both easier for developers and more efficient if done properly.


And if all else fails you will always have graphical settings.
You would have to have a really ancient PC not to be able to run CS:GO on lowest of lowest settings.



Here's the list that new Source engine has that we, map makers would love to see -
 Lighting is dynamic/real-time. No more need of 24 hours of compile or shit tons of optimization.
 Same goes for rendering. No more hint brushes.
 New materials system - 5 way-blend instead of default 2 on displacements.
 Displacements can have way more splits on the fly now. Way more flexible.
 Real-time cubemaps

This would be a godsend for map makers.

 




 Is it possible to somehow set it up for use in Source 1 games? I'm just wondering. 




 Source 2 is comming... And it's gonna strike hard.



"Get ready boys, we're going in." 




 Players could have an option to disable Directx11 effects? 




 Not only would that RADICALLY increase graphics and performance, it would also make it easier for server owners and developers/mappers.
DO IT VALVE! 




 Blessed GabeN granted you the power of partial- Wallhack.
Use it wisely, you don't wan't Overwatch to reck you. 




 Dualies? What drugs are you on? 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Have you ever heard a term called "Yoloqueue"? Stop complaining and go premade. Ez. 




 Sup Crashz! Mapcore FTW. 




 Like, this subreddit. Do you know what this subreddit is for?
I would suggest trying to contact the owner of those servers, neither CS:GO devs or players are officially in any relation to Freebieservers. 




 CS:GO, remember? 




 Fuc* you m8. 




 A human brain has a part responsible for emotional attachment to inanimate objects caused by common brain activity disorder called.. Just kidding, I don't know shit. I just love Source engine physics when the pots fall and break. 




 The bolt animations after shot were so much faster, in result you had "almost" an auto-sniper with sick accuracy. 




 Ok. 




 Yet again your saying "bugged out". That's funny. 




 Carn? Source?
It doesn't show nicks.

It is said so in the overwatch FAQ. Duuh.

 




 "Steam bugged out" - There is a bug or there is no bug, shit like "bugged out"  is your own fault. I doubt steam support would be able to help with that. 




 The players on Nova ranks are even more toxic than Silvers. (Silvers are atleast genuinelly bad) 




 You do not need to make new threads everytime steam goes down!  We get 100 of those! 




 Go check out TopHattwaffle (If i spelled correctly?) and 3kliksphilip. They have a lot of great tutorials. It's worth it if you do it right. 




 You cannot overwatch higher rank players. 




 It's a pain in the ass to recompile official maps but I'll make it. It would be called de_dust2x2 just like in 1.6 i assume. 




 You sir, should switch to COD. Maps should never give unfair advantage for those who simply find these cheap spots. Even Valve's Aztec has solid bushes. I don't know if the map maker is weirdo or you just made it up. 




 At Silver rank if you know your shit you can basically one tap enemies. Try to rely less on teammates carrying you and more on self improvement. 




 Legend says that if you scream on MIC with mid-puberty teenager voice during warmup or half-time the Juan Deag ghost will grant you confidence and insane deagle skills. Use that wisely, you don't wanna face Juan Deag in the opposition ever. 




 rekt. 




 Unfortunately, I'm still working on It's fresh new layout, as it proves to be suuuuper imbalanced on CS:GO.
If you would like to play the original layout, the map has already been remade by someone and posted on the Workshop.

Also, I would like to mention that Torn is my side project, as I am not the original author of the map and it's mainly a fan remake. Don't get me wrong, please, as much as I love it i would like to make a map that is solely crafted by my own to put it at my portfolio, as i don't have any reputation so far in the map making community. 




 Thank you! Means a lot to me! :) 




 Thank you, I'll be updating the album as i progress!
Since everything you saw in the screenshot was made over-night, with that rate of making I'll hopefully be able to finish the map in about a few weeks or so.
My main concern is that I don't have any "fans" of my map to show them something to, as i never released any versions of the map anywhere. I'm mainly focused on showing how MUCH a single person can improve on level design! :)
 









 It's pretty retarded to see cheaters at that rank. 




 Players play with low graphics mainly due to visibility. Previously, if you had graphics on high you had a smudge on AWP scope. They patched it recently. Remember, it's about gameplay. 




 My hearts beatin! My hands are shaking! But I'm still shooting! Boom Headshot! Boom headshot! BOOM HEADSHOT!!! 




 I didn't see frags in the video due to the over-use of screen shake. 




 Wait.. Did you use decals/overlays to make snow...? There's paint alpha for blend textures....! 




 By using physboxes and vscript, with some advanced modelling this is totally possible! 
























 Can anyone tell me if this is a fake? Can i get banned for using something like this?
http://csgo.gamebanana.com/tools/5684 




 You don't learn if you get destroyed every round. If both teams have one "smurf" as a coach, then I guess it would be fair cause they could give advice from both sides. 




 If your friend sucks - let it be. He may be Silver, but he will learn in time and rank up to the rank he deserves. 

I mean, that's my personal opinion. I'm not again'st teaching. Boosting is not the same thing as teaching.  




 I was thinking maybe adding doors to squeeky-room from outside would make it better? You could basically fake-outside and sit like ducks, and then push to A.

I don't know, just an idea. 




 "I'm smurfing to avoid cheaters and play with my low ranked friends."

Reality is, 90% of smurfs I meet usually start shit-talking after a few rounds of destroying.
It always ends up that the low ranked friends stand clueless while their smurf friends "unintentionally" boost them, making the ranking system useless.
When I go with my main, and my friend is Silver we get enemies in-between Nova 2-4, which is perfect for both my friend and me.
But buying another account just to destroy low ranked people is just a stupid pretext.

"If you play again'st smurfs you get a chance to improve!"

Smurfs are bad for new players, just like cheaters are bad to smurfs.
Please think about it.
Also, as stupid as it is, cheaters are everywhere. You simply CANNOT avoid cheaters unless Volvo adds shadow-banning or something along those lines. 









 What are you trying to scam here!? Too low!

P.S: Kappa 




 FUNC_VEHICLE IS A RIGHT NOT A PRIVILEGE 




 we need server pl0xerino 




 And i just got banned cause of time-out. Probably related. 




 The glitch when the match ends but it shows as if you disconnected from it, if you press reconnect you go to an empty scoreboard with bots and you can't leave cause you will get a ban. 




 cyka blyat 




 Someone has to edit this with mortal kombat music 




 Imho I doubt about Hotel Gellert. It looks too good to be consistent with other maps, also considering the amount of custom content it uses (Everything, actually).

No hate, just saying it's kind of an artwork rather than a competitive beast map.

 




 Masks are nowhere associated with that. 
It's a problem with the Source engine in general.
Ever saw someones gun barrel sticking through the door in CS:GO? Yes, It's that. I doubt it can be fixed without any major engine changes. 




 Go to prop properties and choose collision box as none. Then, you must add clipping brushes in a shape of the helicopter. Clip brushes are basically invisible solid walls that do not act as nodraw. 




 Forgot to mention these ;)
ak-47 fire serpent
awp corticera
glock water elemental 




 It's because they are not creative at all. You know, having a sip is good, but having too much is just absolutely disgusting.
Asiimov is unique in it's own way, because it's one of the first "flashy" skins released. I don't have any problem with fire serpent, corticera or any of that kind either - They are simplistic but they have a unique art of their own. It just looks like cyrex..

I don't see what's unique about all of those. I can't see what sets them apart besides different color and the way stripes are placed. Look, even guardian has a CT logo on it. 




 I still have 4 days to go, posted about it a while back. Did not receive many attention though. Hope Volvo unbans and fixes pl0x 




 more tron skins pls 




 Great. Aliens develop a cure for us. 




 Hey! It's simple. The timezone table above shows when it's gonna be up, you connect to the IP and play the game, that's all! Preferably, you can choose to join Teamspeak as well.
And no, there's no skill minimum, people join to have fun.

GL! 




 Just so that someone in the world on the internet could ask "cool... but why?" 




 "Oh, so this is what 128 tick feels like!" 




 Well, that escalated quickly. What was the chat after? Did they say anything? :P 




 It's a glitch in Source engine when you Alt-Tab.
 




 Stop SoloQ'ing. That helped me. 

A lot of people will reply usual stuff like "learn nades, practice aim ETC", and it's true on some part, but you're stuck on a thing called ELO hell.
I was stuck on it a while ago, i had to win 15 matches in a row to rank straight back up. 




 Have you referred to the related thread?
Definitely not. 




 Exactly what happened. Yours is not as bad as mine, unfortunately, as I got 7 day ban. :/
 




 Agreed, 7 day ban was imminent as I left few matches back due to a cheater. 

I did not really know I had to wait so much, so It feels bad rather. It's really silly.
It should not have happened in the first place. 




 When the match ended, I noticed something was wrong. My rank did not appear, even though I was supposed to rank up. I got automatically dropped to main menu as usual. However, I noticed a button reconnect (Even though i didn't disconnect manually as the match ended) and i pressed it. There were only bots and a scoreboard, as I exited i got a 7 day ban.
It never happened before.

It's absolutely outrageously unfair, I just won a match and then i got a 7 day ban?
TL:DR; The match ended and it shown as if I abandoned the match, got a 7 day cooldown.

EDIT: Yes, I filled steam support ticket, but they usually reply something silly like: "Have you tried verifying your game cache?" "We're sorry but cooldown bans are not lifted."
It all happened due to a glitch, and I won't be able to play just because of something so silly. Next week I will be busy, and I really wan't to enjoy CS:GO by that time.
This is a question if anyone has the same problem and a bug report. Reddit can give a lot of attention to the developers, so hopefully I'll find my way out. Thanks.

DOUBLE EDIT: 
"Steam Support cannot modify or reverse a matchmaking cooldown or ban, regardless of the circumstances under which it was issued."

So I'm screwed. Thanks, Valve. 

TRIPLE EDIT (WOMBO COMBO):
It appears like I'm not the only one on Steam discussions, let's have our fingers crossed Valve will remove the bans issued. (A lot of lately discussions on the same subject, same problem) 




 The map is great, most definitely. (The layout, after all, it did win the CEVO contest)
The only problem I find personally, is the theme.
No hate, great map, just a little bit lack of creativity on design side. 




 Or just a leftover from Source engine? 




 Outside lighting could be changed, I'd suggest go with night time setting. 
Add lamps on the building, it makes no sense having lights appear out of nowhere :P (Use model light_inset or somethin' like that, scale down brightness and add an env_sprite)
Also, add more prop models.. Trash bins ETC.
The map looks blocky ATM, add more detail and depth to your brushes (geometry), such as engravings and stuff.
There's a lot more to say, but there's still room for general improvement so good luck.
Also, add more colors to the lighting and change the ambient color in light_environment. 




 They should bring back the mode in general. 




 has juan deag gone too far? 




 It has to be at least longer than five dududududu's 




 You shall never rush gods gift... How dare you. 




 Kickception 




 There was a riot shield in 1.6 too, babies ;) 




 Make it cost more than Negev, then we're talking. 




 RIP OP 




 There are a few possible answers.
First one, is that it might be the update problem.
Second, your FPS might be capped. Use fps_max 0 to uncap. (Capping makes it worse for me)
Last answer, and hopefully the correct one is your ventilator. The cooling system.
When I used to play on my laptop and turned off noise from ventilator it started having periodical chockes on framerate. Really, clean it, change it, try it.
One more - Try right clicking CSGO and launching using Nvidia GPU.
 




 They are very close minded, but if you speak a little Russian and answer to what they ask you, trust me, they are good at stuff they do.
Not most of the time, unfortunately.  




 I don't see a problem making a map with a familiar layout as long as it's not 1-1 copy.
 




 Will do.
 




 Why? I wanna see it! 




 Thanks Valve, just met at least one cheater 5 matches in a row. 




 Add tagging instead of aimpunch? 




 Func_vehicle is a right, not a privilege! 




 Spent milking Dota2 Kappa 




 Find out in the next episode of Dragon Ball GO! 




 Can't tell if OP trolling or just... 




 I'm salivating just by looking at the screenshot 




 Where's Gaben?
I didn't find Waldo, though. :( 




 If you hate the smoke, you might as well as turn down the graphics settings? Cause that's what causes it.

(Particles don't have shadow support in Source engine. Or so i think.) 




 Decoy bomb would be a better idea. - "Guys! Bomb is dropped on B! Come quick!" - Bomb has been planted - "Cyka blyat" 




 It does, unfortunately for bump maps to look good you have to have a cubemap in each corresponding area, thus having a HUGE performance drop. This technique should be only used sparingly, such as for tiles. (Ever thought why tunnels is the only place having reflectivity in Dust2?)

There's some hope, though, if you add $detail to a wall texture coming close up to it it will look a lot more detailed, so for let's say wood we'd do $detail wood. Anyways, if you use Pakrat and look up the textures you can modify them, so I'm gonna do that and possibly make a "texture" mod for Tuscan.

Lastly, If you open console and write "fogui" you'll get a menu to edit fog, try without it. Looks a lot better.
Damn it Brute, If you are a mapper you should also consider learning to make textures! 




 It does, it's just dead. L2su (Learn 2 set up) 




 gr8 map m8 i r8 8/8 i hop u dunt h8 




 It's remade already. I hope people will start using workshop one day. :P 




 My dear friend... I hope you realize that the map looked waaay better before? The only reason it wasn't really "widely" accepted is because you put a lot of unnecessary stuff on spawns. Other than that, it's an amazing map. I applaud you for your effort! I'm just trying to express that i liked it way before this update, no offence. 




 Nostalgia, rather. 




 Backalley has been already remade, check out workshop. 




 Hook me up with modeller/texture artist for neon signs and I'll do it.
 




 I don't think anyone should be aiming for the operation. Everyone should be aiming for feedback, Leagues and players enjoying the map. Remember on CS 1.6 golden era where the best maps were Surf, FY ETC? Everyone made the maps to ENJOY them. 




 Gamebreaking* 




 The only problem with Torn is it's size. It's ENORMOUS. 




 It's because i had low anti-aliasing on screenshots. All of the little bumps you see are detail brushes, I'll re-upload screenshots later. 




 It's fine, just let me know what makes it look like a CSS map and what i could improve on. I'm open for opinions and improvements! 
























 *Sigh* Some people just don't know how to read.
That's exactly why I said make it server sided, so the aimbot can't fetch whether it's real player or not. There's no way to know if it's a real player if it's server sided.

Here, I'll quote it for you -
 Just make it server sided

Please read next time, ty. 




 Like HLTV models in Cs 1.6. Just an option to disable animations in general. 




 Oh man if they did HLTV animation mode for CS:GO I would be so happy.
I don't know why.. 




 Airstuck, spinbot, bhop. 




 Don't get it? That's the same as adding additional players that aimbot could lock onto.

Just make it server sided, it's gonna eat some ping, but the results would be way less cheaters.

It would also make it obvious for Overwatch when someone randomly peeks at sky. (Where hitboxes would most likely be.)
There are ways to improve this method, I'm just saying it "technically".
 




 It's about time they add random hitboxes around the map to screw over aimbots.
Slowly.. We are regaining control. 




 Developers HATE him! 




 Well I'm stupid. Sorry then.

Although at this point I'd say that all of these techniques require skill, surf, rocket-jumping, bhoping. 




 By surfing you go for a goal.
From what I saw in that video it's just circling around a map to gain speed.
 




 Lucky Silver account smurf ace KappA 




 I'd suggest we get these cases based on accuracy of verdicts, the more accurate - The higher % of drops if any.
 




 Inb4 Griffins are not contraband and the Train changes are minor :( 




 I got scared at first, they told me everything. Now I'm happy to know that there is someone out there.

The difference is, a lot of people's encounters are either painful or emotional;

What I went through seemed more like an education. 




 I know that some alien races are known as shape-shifters, and they choose their visual form to make a minimal "scare" impact on abducted person.
They told me that there are more than one race visiting Earth, however, they personally make the contacts different each time to research abductee's activity. Basically, they are looking for optimal way to start a contact with humans, and this can take ages. Their concept of introducing us to alien life is gradual.
To put it short, through mass media consumption we get more and more "aware" of concept of aliens each day. Again, minimal impact.
If they tried to go for direct contact without helping at least bigger part of population understand the situation it would cause mass panic, which is not a good way to go.

When I came into the ship, like I said, there were a few displays. They know about us a lot.
They even told me they have these very small "drone" swarms in our ionosphere, they are super small and undetectable to radars. They usually stay at altitude where human technology is not orbiting.
They told me those "drones" are usually what you see in the sky during UFO sightings, it's not a triangle or a disk ship, it's the drone "swarms" that change form. They reflect sun light and gather energy from it, thus why they look white.
Some sightings show where one disk becomes two, it's the drones separating.
They even showed me the capabilities - They can cause natural events like artificial rain/clouds and even disrupt communications (they cause artificial clouds/rain if they are in large numbers). Also, they are very small and they work like cameras that can produce live feed.
It's creepy, I know.

What's even scarier is that they shown me one of those, and they are about a size of a penny or a coin. 




 I'm always open for skepticism, however, I'm not sure what mental state and psychology has to do with a hobby. 




 I don't mind graphics as long as they don't interrupt the game-play.
EDIT: Wow, getting disliked because GRAPHICSGAMEPLAY AMIRITE??? 




 Directly from video description -
Found this while working on my new map. I could just add a clip brush, but the same thing happens in all Valve maps, it's a collision related issue.

Basically, when you get stuck, the game registers you as if you are falling, and when you unstuck it registers as if you touched the ground, thus making you die. 









 So... This was my first encounter in my life. I was always skeptical about other encounters until I experienced myself. I would like to not jump into conclusions as it could have just been a state of sleep paralysis. I have no proof whatsoever, so it makes up for a good reading story.
So here we go.
I'm laying in my bed at 2 AM (Eastern European Time GMT+2) with my smartphone out, watching Youtube with headphones on me as usual.
Suddenly, I hear this ticking noise. My Wi-Fi connection started to go crazy, so I wen't to check it out (my router was in my main room, I don't know how you call it). By the time I come back I realize 2 hours passed by. I thought my clocks are going crazy, so I checked my smartphone settings and apparently even the clock on the wall showed the same. 

The next night I decided to put a cardboard full of metal scraps on the doorstep so that if the door opens it would make a loud noise. I did not have a camera at the time besides the one on my smartphone, which is not always easy to set up somewhere without having a dock.
Few hours in, I hear the door open. I jumped out of fear but I was unable to open my eyes, which was weird, because I was completely conscious and not asleep anymore. I then woke up in a field not so far away from my house where I usually drive by, not much cars go through that route. It's foggy and dark. I see a dim light in a distance and a weird noise coming from something that appeared like an aircraft. Note that I'm saying aircraft instead of spaceship, as I was unaware at the time and I cant say for sure if it wasn't just something related to "goverment", which would still be stupid to think of.
I see these creatures walk out. They look transparent with blue-ish color, I could see through their organs. They had very thin legs and arms, but they had one huge organ inside them which looked like a ball inside a ball, something like an stabilization engine you would see in NASA navigation systems or smartphone cameras. When the creatures moved the ball organ stayed stationary and relative to the height level they were in. I don't have a masters degree in biological science, but I immediately knew the organ served a purpose of helping sustain their body stationary and not make them fall down. The creatures had eyes, but both of them looked connected and had no pupils. They were absolutely black and even reflective like a camera lens.

The creatures came up to me and helped me stand up. I was afraid at the time, but somehow telepathically they gave me a thought of "being calm". It's really extreme to explain something like that. As we get closer to the spaceship I start to make out important details of it. (I call it spaceship by now cause it's too unreal to be something human made).
It looked something like a stealth jet but a little bit rounder, nothing close to the common "disk" shape encounters though. It was black.
It did not have thrusting engines, however it had these very small holes around it. As I came into the entrance part of the ship, a small port opened and the creatures told me to put up gloves to prevent cross-contamination in the ship. Two small transparent plastic bags fell down. It had one button on each. The creatures then "explained" to me how it works. I put on plastic bags on my both hands and press one of the buttons. The plastic bag suddenly started shrinking and getting tighter as it wrapped around my hand and formed into a human hand shaped glove. They explained to me that this method works for a lot of alien races who have different developed arms compared to humans. The place itself did not smell like anything at all. It was super sterile. I had to put those bags on my shoes too, they were worried for me not to leave any traces. It almost felt like a tour through a billion worth craft.
One of the doors in front of me opened. The doors were made out of material that looks like cloth, however, a little bit thicker. When the door opens the material rolls up. They explained to me telepathically that if there's no potential danger of an creature "breaching" certain sectors, there's also no need for armored doors. They told me that the doors humans use are inconvenient. 
When the door closed behind me I saw this one central panel, and a lot of "creature shaped" ports around me. They told me it's where they have to "connect" when they travel for longer distances. 
Around the central panel I could see a few more creatures. There weren't a lot of them though. They did not have any chairs, the display on control panel they used was holographic. They explained to me that it works very similar to the ones we have today where you spray water particles into air and then project onto them. They told me that instead of using water particles they shoot micro-particles into air (which are very invisible to our eye) and that the projection is much more complex. It was a process of micro scale. They walked me through the spaceship and showed me how much of our galaxy they mapped through. They told me that Milky Way is one the galaxies they recently discovered.
They explained to me that they do not give names to anything. They did not even call our galaxy Milky Way before I thought of it. They understood what is what in "context". 
They then told me that they do not use electricity wires as a method of conducting energy at small scale, their "wires" had a small round bubble at each corner. They told me that very small magnets shoot other magnets at a very small scale, then speeding up and producing energy which required no recharge. They told me though that they weren't exactly magnets like we have in our Earth, they were super-conducted magnets that could last for ages shooting back and forth.
They also told me that it was done on a very small scale otherwise it would not produce energy.
They showed me how their propulsion systems work. They explained to me that they use "rocket" engines similar to ours too, but that they used plasma that they produced from matter. The plasma was invisible to my eye. The plasma was being shot from those small holes I saw before, and it was done on every angle to stabilize the flight. They told me that it's "primitive but it works". 
I asked them about anti-gravity, and they told me that they were impressed how race like ours know a concept of such propulsion. However, they told me that what we call "gravity" is limited to our own concepts and knowledge of physics.
They told me that they did not acquire such propulsion yet because the more advanced alien races do not share this technology. They told me that there are alien races far beyond theirs, but they do not give technology to developing races as they could destroy themselves.
They think that a race should rather advance long enough to create such technology themselves and become mature and sentient, instead of sharing the technology just to cause internal self-destruction in civilizations that are still developing.
They explained to me that very advanced civilizations are staying out of smaller civilization concerns to let them develop, however, smaller civilizations can grow contacts and bonds to develop and advance together and become one huge civilization. It is what most civilizations do, and it is one of the reasons I was invited to the spaceship.

They told me that there are races who harness power but are still developing, which makes them dangerous to other races. That's why It's important for humans to become partnered on galactic-scale.
As they wrapped up our telepathic conversation, they told me they have to transport me to my house, however, they can't do that if I'm awake. They told me not to be scared and laid me flat on a desk. The desk looked like a display and suddenly I felt a needle inject into my neck. It was behind me so I had no way of knowing when or how the process was gonna happen. The next thing I know I'm wide awake in the morning with a little trace where the needle was supposed to be. It is gone now, but I can still feel some "ticklish-pain" there from time to time.


Anyways, let me know what you think in the comments.
Please be;
 Respectful
 Open minded

And of course - Stay to the topic.
 




 Came in 100 hp. Came out 5 hp.

 




 You don't have a terrible taste, you have a *different* taste. 




 See, the problem is that it's the community who's going to bring itself down, not the pro teams.

Think of the effect of seeing something on the news feed regarding "A pro team disbands due to the pressure from the community"

Now THAT is what would do the most harm. 




 Gotta love that CSGO sale. 




 Because knife makes you an instant-pro KappA. 




 That's not the thing, I grabbed a kill or two way before them and I was pushing way ahead. The problem was, they got flanked from the back and I happened to be just around the corner. (Like you'd say) 




 They started shit-talking when they all rushed and died and I was the last guy in the team.

Started team killing me and on the first round of second half they just said "Good bye" and kicked me.  




 Good for you, I usually get them every 2nd match or so. 









 Shadowban incomming? 




 That's exactly what I said. I said that ticks won't matter if it's a cheap server (and it would be).
I suggest you go check your eyes and read again.

I find your "jump the gun" comments even more hilarious. 




 It would split the community into half, because a majority of people would NOT be able to or would not wan't to pay. Simple as that.
Regarding the second statement, there's a LOADS of videos where 128 tick does not register shots.
128 is better than 64 tick, but it's not the best. It also goes down to how the servers themselves work, not just the TICKS.
(Quality over quantity, if that's the right term here) 




 And that would split the community into half and the majority of people would stay on 64 tick, and the ones on 128 tick would sooner or later start whining. 




 And it's not only the FPS we are talking about here.
It's the packet rates, yadda yadda. Basically, not everyone have a beast computer and a beast internet.
I have internet good enough to play the game without rubber banding, and I have good enough PC to play it without any lag. Unfortunately, I'm not someone who would spend money on virtual skins and better equipment rather than spending money on studying. 
 




 Terrorists forgot how to plant. 




 1. Intros in CS:GO videos
2. Vanguard has just started, wtf chu sayin? 




 Stand in their molly's so that they can get banned kappa 




 1. Not transparent. Not solid is what you mean.
2. They are supposed to be like that so that the railing don't absorb bullets and grenades don't mess up.
3. It's a sign of good mapping.
4. Heck, it makes it better! I don't see any problem here? 




 Plenty of reasons here I could think of;
64 tick, obviously.
Call me blind but I think I saw the scope being an itsy bit blurry before you shot. Maybe it has to do with the inaccuracy after scoping in quickly.

There's some randomness in AWP bullets, but it's like 0,001 percent so whatever (just like with every other gun).

Internet connection/Server lag.

All these reasons, maybe it's something different.

Just saying that for the past few weeks Valve servers have been trash. 




 riding de_train hype (I wish) 




 OP got demolished
 




 MORDA 




 cyka gamburger 




 Cyka, davai idy na B blyat! 




 It's like Candy Crush, after some time you gotta wait to play again. It's a marketing strategy so that players don't get bored fast. I could go into more scientific stuff but that should explain it. 




 So I found out something interesting on a website called Above Top Secret, I'm not sure how much of you guys are aware of this but it sounds pretty credible and scary.

Fyi - Dyson sphere is a theorical structure that surrounds a star to collect all it's energy, built by super advanced civilization. (Possibly on Kardashev 2 scale and up)

The guy talks about data he found on craiglist about military connection with nearby Dyson Spheres.

Take a look -

http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread1040809/pg1 




 That moment he knocked the heavens.
Unfortunately, GabeN did not have any spare Dragon Lores. 




 Or just double press the orange fog. 




 POSSIBLE UPDATE!? HYPE!!? 




 ..Down? 









 Everybody hear that? Bitch got served.
(Leet World reference no bannerino pls) 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 The tree at A is a part of the gameplay. 




 CT's can insert the numbers into the bomb telepathically when defusing, If the terrorists change the code they're screwed. 




 Bitch shit 



















 Its a problem with the model itself, not de_cache.
It is one of the default models in CS:GO model library.
(The same one can be seen on de_train)

Although I cannot find a real use of this issue, as it's really minor,
the way to fix it would be to add a nodraw brush.
Clipping brushes do not stop bullets, so nodraw could possibly act as a "penetrator"


Then again, I'm not an expert. 









 If you get kicked from a match, wait a while and go to your recent matches, it will show if the team that kicked you lost or won. 
I once top- fragged carrying some 4 guy premades till 10-4, then they started taking advantage of me
and decided to kick me. I told them that if they kick me they will loose the match (cause they were noobs).
They started laughing and kicked me. About half an hour later I wen't to check
my recent matches, and that team who kicked me lost. (They said they can win without me, what a sweet taste of karma) 




 This exact same topic was discussed a few weeks ago.
It's called chargeback.

It sucks that things like that exist, but it all goes down to the person if he's being careful about his valuables or not.
There's no need for a sticky. 




 Meanwhile; server crashes, buggy menu, OP-75, glitchy hitboxes, 64 tick 




 So he doesn't scare you. 




 But it's Pasha man 




 Actually, neither of you guys are right. One of Valve employees said that they were actually testing with importing old Source games to Source 2, and that they were messing around. There might have been Counter Strike 2, but it was just Valve employees playing around and the concept never got out of Valve's office. It JUST won't be released. 
Also, thinking in long term i wouldn't mind playing CS:GO for another 5 years as long as they keep updating it and listening to community feedback. 




 Don't feed him guys... Don't feed him, or we will wait another 33 months!
 




 bind mwheelup +attack

bind mwheeldown +attack

'nuff said 




 And what about that "human eye can only see 25 fps" bullshit console peasants keep talking about? 




 Sorry to break your dreams guys, but it looks like all the Source engine games got updated 2 hours ago. (Including CS:GO, that we are talking about.)
It MIGHT be just a regular maintenance update.

Just saying; don't frown if that happens to be it. 





























 Have you tried Workshop? Cause I'm sure there's at least 5 remakes of Westwood for CSGO.  









 I broke ot by !songrequesting Sanic 




 Ohh the salty tears... 




 BOT Frasier has none of your shit 




 Phased

phteven 




 In higher ranks its pretty easy to take out p90 opponents with just aim, how about you fix your flair? 




 The name is too long. Also, make the color a little bit brighter and you'll have a perfect skin! :) 




 Not new.
WarOwl had this posted in the Exploit Hunters :P
Basically, it's called wallbang inconsistency as the bullet only registers going through that basket and not the other side of the wall.
 




 There's a lot of LoL players moving in to CS:GO in general.
Mainly because of big organizations and events.

 




 Will put up a video personally for you tommorow. 




 We rushed mid the first round and he missed a nade dealing 66 dmg to me.
He got banned for his goofyness, rather than griefing, so he's still kind of unlucky. 




 Pros make a decent amount of money for their living. Ranging from prize money to marketing money.
 




 He means that these two videos are not related to the one on this thread.

The one in this thread was a teamkill and it was on Nuke. 














 StatChicken 




 That's true.
The smokes in CS:GO are very bad, also including the frame drops when near them. 




 "crybabies"
Are you like, one of the pros? Do you attend in tournaments with your team and experience the pressure both from the crowd, enemy team and managers? I don't think so.
Also, I think that you don't really understand the term professional.

They get money by playing. 




 I actually wanted to look up if it's an image from Google.
Knew it wasn't original. :/  




 It's a wooden plank to make it possible to wallbang with a nice graphical touch on it.

I didn't think of any other way to make it wallbangable at the time. 




 Yes you could. Remember this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYR3b7-SThc

And this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP80WyoTqM0 




 It would make it even better for those who like it.
I'm not fanboying De_Dust2, but it's one of the most balanced CS maps out there.  




 Oh boy, let's remove the tagging, add some aimpunch and maybe add a gun called CZ and make it overpowered, just because it's a new game, right?

You could wallbang it in every CS version. You could even wallbang it in CS:GO before the wallbanging update.
 




 8ft is enough to have a room in-between.

EDIT - It's a real picture and I recompiled the map, how do you think I made it work? 




 In 1.6 you could literally wallbang everything. I'm talking about B site only.

IIRC this was possible before the wallbang update.

EDIT: Bringing a good feature from 1.6 doesn't make it 1.6, it just makes it a better game in general.
Just like tagging. 




 It is in favor of CT side. First of all, if CT is shooting from B he has more open space to shoot from. T's are usually crowded up in tunnel, making it easier for a CT shooting through wall to get a kill.
Second of all, when the T's are guarding the bomb on B after it's planted, this spot has no weakness. You can literally watch tunnel, window and doors at the same time without too much exposure. With this feature the T's would have to rethink about camping in that spot, as it's weakness would be being sprayed down through a wall. And it's a common spot by Terrorists.

I don't see what would make it more T sided?

P.s - That spot is probably one of the most obvious ones, I'm sure everyone peeks it when entering the site as Terrorists. It wouldn't make it more T sided, it would make it harder for T's to hide after the bomb plant. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es_qzifA5e8

0:40

Uploaded at May 18.
I'm sure there are even older videos of it. 




 Sorry to tell you, but it's old.  









 I never bothered to count how long until they pass the doors. Guess I'll know now! :P 




 There have been like... 5000 topics like this?
I'm sorry. I prefer P2000, I don't know why, but I feel more comfortable spraying with it. (Fast clicking or whatever you wan't to call it.)

It has bigger magazine overall too. 




 I can already imagine dicks being drawn every time, it's sad but it's true. 




 It's not big, but it's money.
Having saved that 2.50 I could have also bought him a skin as a starter pack. :D 




 Looks like it's glitch week... The Hogwarts glitch on Mirage, now this.
I might as well as go glitch hunt too! :D 




 Why have two if you can have best of both. 




 Great, exactly one day after I purchased CS:GO gift for my friend. :| 




 Unfortunately, knowing Valve it won't :( 




 SOMEONE HOST A SERVER PLEASE! 




 I tried very hard. :-; 




 15 
"Nah, not really good"


SURE I'LL TAKE IT. I'm a lonely scrub with shitty skins here :D 




 Knifes aren't that bad though, they are priced high unlike normal weapons.
 




 This one clip looks way sketchier than Flusha's clips, at least to me.  




 Problem is, there's no manual admins. :/ 




 Reddit doesn't mind criticism/skepticism as long as your statement is constructive, backed up and you have evidence/proof whatever it may be. 




 Here, we can see a specimen of species called "idiots". He, to survive in this wild nature environment, had to resort to cheating tools... Not for long, as the glorious GabeN came from the sky to rain terror upon him. He ran, mercilessly, trying to save his inventory.. But then.. It was gone. In a blink of a second he disappeared into oblivion. He was only heard once, but only his salty tears could be heard. Justice was served, and the world was ever and happy again. 




 I can tell he's pretty good at prefiring and having those "do it but do it good" shots, he might be the right one. 
Waiting to see some new matches with him! :) 




 I've read somewhere that first signs of "anti-matter" where discovered by scientists, however, we are tad too far away from manipulating with it.
 




 Shit. I had this once.

The moment when you stare at some sort of creature you have never seen, that somehow happened to be at your doorstep. The moment where your brain is so overwhelmed that you don't know if you should scream or keep staring.
 




 It looks like a gun that my grandma would gift me ( ~  ) 




 Oh well, gotta remake the video then. 









 It's interesting to see on what design choices Valve went for remaking Train.
I usually improve at mapping by studying what makes other maps so good. 




 The next videos are going to be serious, just messing with the idea.
Unfortunately I'm getting dislike bombed, so I might as well as just stop making videos all-together.
 
























 I love the body armor they have though. 









 It would be ass to recompile all the maps though. 




 I mean, considering the graphics.

It reuses a lot of old Source props and it looks low-quality compared to other maps in general.
I mean, If they remade it with new assets but kept the scale and stuff I would love it even more. 









 I wish they would actually remake Nuke honestly. It looks very similar to Source version. 




 I'm Lithuanian too, can confirm. :P

There is an external program to block out certain regions, it's legit and it works. The only problem is that even if the region thingy would be added it still wouldn't stop Russians from playing on American servers or anywhere else.
There would still be some people who would do it for trolling. 




 You can't say it's "better". I know I will get downvoted for this, but I'd say it's a preference. I definitely enjoy CS:GO's inferno over this one, also after the slight "graphical" update Valve did. 




 http://steamcommunity.com/id/theguma
I'm a mapper,  I appreciate any gifts.

Here's my gift (WIP!!!) -
http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/32979935917407325/54B00240E6B115F2CCBA9E3BF148B274148679A9/

Try and guess. 




 But it doesn't work on 64 tick matchmaking. I also don't find myself using this technique for any kind of situation. 
























