



















 Does anyone have recipe recommendations for chicken thighs in a crock pot? 

Thanks.  
























 Is it just me, or are there episodes missing from the Mythbusters line up?  














 So I've been messing around with the Roku Android app for smart phones for the last few days, and have to say, I'm impressed with some of it and disappointed by other parts.

**The Good**

It works really well. Reaction time actually seems to be faster than the Roku remote.

The app has a neat feature that allows you to view pictures or videos taken with your phone on your TV.

The app lets you stream music on your phone to the TV.

It's free!

**The Bad**

I can't use my phone's keyboard to run a search. To my thinking, this is the biggest and worst limitation of the app. It's ridiculous that I can't use my phone's keyboard to type in a title/director/etc. to run a search, rather having to peck the characters in one-by-one just like with the stock remote.

**The ugly**

When streaming video from my phone to the Roku, the app appears to compress the video quite heavily resulting in a lot of artifacting. This isn't too big of a deal if you're just wanting to show some videos to friends family.

Ocassionally the video will stop to buffer.


Overall, the app is a lot like the Roku itself, in that it does some things very well, but the interface isn't the best and sometimes it goes a bit wonky. That said, I think it's worth installing. 



















































































































































































 Ok. Every time I buy a pair of dress shoes, I end up with pain/blisters on my heels.

Brand, cost, style, it doesn't seem to matter, no matter what I do, I end up with pain.

So, what am I doing wrong? How can I quickly break in a new pair of dress shoes?

Thanks. 
























































































































































































 Now that Morse and Giron have been recalled, the Colorado Democratic party is probably in momentary internal chaos.

If the Republicans really want to win points, now is the time for them to push through pro-rights legislation, and, frankly, I think they ought to put forth the following proposals:

1.) A repeal of the magazine ban in full.
2.) Repeal the universal background check law, as well as the requirements for background checks to be conducted at gun shows.
3.) Tax incentives designed to bring gun and gun-related companies to the state of Colorado in order to generate jobs and tax revenue, as well as establishing a group of businesses in Colorado with a vested interest in ensuring that gun control cannot get a foot hold in this state. (Magpul was invaluable in their actions to help to reduce the damage of these laws.)
4.) Other proposals that would just simply cause the Democrats to flip out. Not sure what those would be. Maybe legalize hunting with sound suppressors, paying for maintenance and range safety officers at public ranges, or something else I haven't thought of.

Right now the Democrats fundamentally believe that Morse and Giron were recalled because of their stance on guns. It's time for the Republicans to step up, propose some pro-gun laws, and force the rest of the state Democratic party to either back the Republican play or face the consequences. 























































































































 Several months ago, I randomly stumbled across a blog post where the author tackled the media claims that gun ownership was falling, while at the same time pointing out that the number of NICS checks conducted were at record highs.

The article basically showed that while the percentage of households that owned guns was smaller compared to years past, this was due to the fact that the rate of gun owning households growing at a slower rate than the rate of household growth overall.

The upshot of the article was that, even though fewer households have a gun as an overall percentage in years past, there are still record numbers of gun owners overall.

It was a very insightful analysis, and now, for the life of me, I can't find it again. If anyone else remembers what I'm talking about, or could dig it up for me, I'd be truly grateful.

Thanks. 


































































































































































































 So, my kid's 1-1/2 years old. I can tell he's developing and doing some cool things, but I have honestly no idea what kind of activities we should be doing for fun and learning.

Any suggestions/links/articles/success stories are appreciated.

Bottom line:

I'm sick of being the parent who just turns on the tv because I'm bored. I have a little person here in my life, and I'm thinking that there should be all kinds of fun and exciting things he and I can do. 














 Just what it says.

Every time we put the kid on the changing table to change his diaper, he flips out.

The only way to keep it from happening is to give him a bottle or distract him with a toy.

What's going on here? How can I get him to be calm when we're changing a diaper or outfit? 









 The following images have been circulating among various Colorado citizens, and have reached a critical mass in popularity.

Consider these  to be a pretty clear indicator of just how upset people are over the currently proposed gun control laws.

http://imgur.com/FQbPjvi

http://imgur.com/lLP9Kc5

http://imgur.com/LcWkjoO

http://imgur.com/uYwHKLo

http://imgur.com/pjJo3E6

 









 So, I've just been reading through the proposed universal background check law here in Colorado.

The law outlines a number of exceptions where a transfer can be legally done without having to go through a background check.

Here's the list of exempted transfers straight from the bill:

[QUOTE]3 (b)  EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY SECTION 18-12-111, A TRANSFER
4 THAT IS A BONA FIDE GIFT BETWEEN IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS, WHICH
5 ARE LIMITED TO SPOUSES, PARENTS, CHILDREN, SIBLINGS, GRANDPARENTS,
6 AND GRANDCHILDREN;[/QUOTE]

So, reading through that list of exemptions, it would be legal for me to transfer a gun to my wife for self protection while I'm out of town on a business trip.

However, if a gay man or lesbian were to transfer a gun to his/her partner under the exact same set of circumstances, it would be an illegal transfer without conducting a background check.

Given that the Democratic party has consistently positioned itself as the champion of LGBT issues, I find it highly instructive that they're willing to draw a line of demarcation that essentially says "gay people don't have the same gun right to self defense as straight people."

No matter where you stand on LGBT political issues, no reasonable person would think that such unequal treatment under the law could possibly be fair or just, and regardless of where you personally stand on this issue, the Colorado Democratic party should be called to account for their clearly discriminatory attitude regarding gays and guns.
 




 Please feel free to spread these far and wide in service of the fight against the proposed gun control laws in Colorado.

http://demigodllc.com/hickenlooper_magban4.jpg

http://demigodllc.com/candles.jpg

http://demigodllc.com/15_rounds.jpg

 
























 So, I recently smoked a fairly massive pork loin at a friend's house. This thing is perfectly done. Smokey, tender, and delicious.

I would happily just eat the thing by cutting hunks of it off with a knife, but that somehow doesn't seem civilized, especially since this enormous hunk of delicious meat is going to be my work day lunch for the next week or two.

So, hit me with your best suggestions for fancying this up. I'm already thinking in terms of doing some pulled pork, but also would like ideas about making pork medallions with some kind of paleo sauce.

Or any other suggestions you guys might have. Wrap it in bacon and garnish with an avocado? Served with a side of shrimp and slathered in a coconut and red pepper sauce? Something else I haven't even thought of?

Lay it on me! 







































 In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, I've been going back and doing some reading on previous spree shootings. One of the documents I'm working my way through is the Virginia Tech Review Panel's Report on the Mass Shootings at Virginia Tech. (You can download the report here:
http://www.governor.virginia.gov/tempcontent/techpanelreport.cfm )


The report is quite comprehensive, covering a history of Seung Hui Cho, his mental problems, Virginia Tech's security protocols at the time of the shooting, a timeline of the shooting, and how Cho acquired his guns.


As you might recall, Cho committed his crimes with a Glock 19 and a Walther P22. He purchased and subsequently used numerous magazines for both guns, including several 15-round magazines for the Glock 19.


On page 87 of the PDF I came across the following bombshell:



The panel also considered whether the previous federal Assault Weapons Act of 1994 that banned 15-round magazines would have made a difference inthe April 16 incidents. The law lapsed after 10 years, in October 2004, and had banned clips or magazines with over 10 rounds. ***The panel concluded that 10-round magazines that were legal would have not made much difference in the incident.*** Even pistols with rapid loaders *(ed. I think they are referring to revolver speed loaders here)* could have been about as deadly in this situation.



So there it is.


In an official 260 page review conducted jointly between the Virginia Governor's office and Virginia Polytechnic Institute, the official stance is that a magazine ban would have made little to no difference in the outcome of the shooting. 









 In the wake of the Sandy Hook school shooting, there have been calls for reinstating a federal ban on magazines that hold more than ten rounds.

Arguing for the right to own these magazines is something that can be problematic, as even many gun owners see no issue with restricting access to them.

Furthermore, I've seen a lot of pro-gun folks try to make a case for these magazines, and come off as either insensitive, buffoonish, or just downright stupid, and it makes me cringe every time I watch it happen.

So, in the interest of preserving our second amendment rights, here are my thoughts on arguing against bans on 10 round magazines.

**Know Who You're Debating**

Most of the people reacting to Sandy Hook (and other rampage shootings) are not gun people. For the most part, they aren't anti-gun people, either. They are, however, completely ignorant about guns and how they work, and have a general level of fear associated with guns and people who own them.

What they're looking for is an answer to the question of "how do we stop rampage shootings" and they're grabbing at the first straw, gun control, that seems like a good idea. You have to convince them that gun control is not the answer.

**Arguments That Don't Work, and Why**

* It's my right to own them because 2nd Amendment.*
-This argument is true, however it makes you look stupid and selfish. After all, to the people you're speaking to, you come off sounding like you put your right to own a dangerous product above the safety of their kids.

*I own them because I can.*
-Again, this is a stupidly weak argument, and a tautology on top.

*I own them because I may need them for self-defense.*
-Remember, the people you're talking to have not spent any time at all studying personal defense, much less defense with a firearm. By and large, most people assume that a more traditional style of gun, like a revolver, would be perfectly adequate. Furthermore, statistically speaking, for the vast, vast majority of defensive encounters, they're right. The number of self-defense incidents where capacity of the defender's gun was what won the day are, in truth,  vanishingly small. As a result, most people, who've spent no time reading up on the current state of self-defense will dismiss you as a paranoid lunatic with delusions of having to fend off an army.

*I own them because we may need them in case of invasion/the US government turns on its own people/The Revolution/Wolverines!*
-Most people in this country live comfortable lives, and they rarely pay attention to historical precedent. As a result, they don't believe that things could come down to a situation where things go all Warsaw Ghetto, and even if they *do* entertain the notion that such a thing could happen here, they cannot and will not consider the idea of actually picking up a gun and fighting against an existential threat. Any argument that follows the revolutionary line of reasoning will be dismissed out of hand as paranoid fantasizing. You will be painted as a lunatic preparing for an event that will never happen. The assumption is that you're so delusional that you are putting your right to a revolution that will never come up against the protection of children.

*I own them because it makes it easier for me at the shooting range or because having them reduces amount of time I have to waste loading magazines.*
-Again, this argument makes you look completely unsympathetic. After all, if a ban on magazines would reduce these shootings, then who cares if it means you're slightly inconvenienced during a range trip?

*I own them because I compete in USPSA/3 Gun/some other form of competition.*
-This argument can help to counter the "you don't need a high capacity magazine to hunt" or "why would anyone have these things?" and pointing out that you're involved in a competitive sport may confer some legitimacy, but it's still a weak argument, because you sound like you're putting the enjoyment of a game above the safety of kids.

**Arguments That Should Work, With Explanation**

The best way to voice your opposition to a magazine ban isn't by asserting your rights. Regardless of how strongly you feel about the 2nd Amendment, rights-based or possession-based arguments are not going to sway someone who is on the fence about the 2nd Amendment, and/or already believes that no reasonable person owns such an item.

The best way to make the case in favor of 10 round magazines is from a policy perspective. As gun owners we should all be actively engaging in the public discussion over these items, and offering our unique knowledge to help guide policy in a direction that will actually be effective at stopping these sorts of shootings from happening in the future.

***The best arguments against a ban on these magazines is to point out that such a ban SIMPLY WILL NOT WORK.*** It's thoroughly terrible policy that will absolutely not stop the next rampage killer from taking out as many victims as his tortured mental state demands.

Here's a breakdown of the arguments that are bound to be the most effective, at least with people who aren't being completely emotional about the situation.

*The 1994-2004 Assault Weapon Ban*
-The US had a ban on these magazines that lasted for ten years, and during that time, there was not one trustworthy study that showed the ban had any effect whatsoever on rates of violent crime, regardless of the type.

*The technology is already "in the wild."*
-With the exception of the ten years during the federal assault weapon ban 10 round magazines have been sold with hundreds of millions of new guns, and available on the market to anyone who cares to purchase them. These magazines are mechanically simple (about as complex as a well-constructed travel mug), small, and completely untraceable. Any attempt to regulate these magazines will essentially be DOA because there are already so many of them in private hands.

*Consider the implications of enforcing a ban*
-Everyone wants to get behind the idea of a ban without putting any thought into actual enforcement costs. Ask them to explain how they would enforce a ban.
Would they be willing to ok warrantless searches to find these magazines?
Would they be willing to arrest, try, convict, and imprison for ten years anyone found to possess one?
How much would it cost to imprison all of these millions of people?
Would we have to construct new prisons for them?
Would it really be worth it?

(The nice thing about this line of reasoning is that it's an extremely easy litmus test to see if you're dealing with someone who's halfway rational or not. No rational person would actually agree that locking up tens of millions of people who've harmed no one would be a good idea. And if the person says they're ok with it, you know they're a nut. This argument also has the potential to work well if you're talking to people in favor of legalizing pot, as the comparisons between marijuana users and magazine owners are actually pretty clear-cut.)

*How to enforce a ban?*
-How would you keep people from importing unmarked magazines from outside of the US, or squirting them out of a 3D printer?

*Point out that other mass shootings have taken place without 10 round magazines*
-3 of the 4 guns used by the Columbine shooters did not use high capacity magazines. Specifically, Eric Harris had to reload his Hi-Point Carbine ten times, and the double-barreled shotgun used was reloaded over twenty times. [Source]http://acolumbinesite.com/weapon.html The Walther used by Seung-Hui Cho could not hold more than ten rounds. The Beltway "snipers" never fired more than one shot at any given murder attempt. Charles Whitman used no high capacity magazines.

-Changing magazines is an action that even an amateur can easily complete in under four seconds. Even if the killer is limited to ten round magazines, it won't matter. They will simply carry more magazines and reload more often. Furthermore, there is not one instance where that extra reload time made a difference in the outcome of a shooting. (Some may try to claim that it did in the case of the Giffords shooting, but Loughner's gun jammed, which is what provided the time to others around him to react.)


Finally, if you're a parent and a gun owner, voice this fact. Having a kid means you've got skin in the game, and gives you additional legitimacy. Remember, at the end of the day, everyone wants the same thing: to stop or reduce the number of rampage killings, especially those targeting children. As gun owners, we have not only a unique perspective and specialist knowledge on the subject, but we've also got the most to lose. Therefore it is extremely important for all of us to present the best arguments we can.

I hope that this post is useful. I've been making a number of these arguments on public news forums with some success. I'd appreciate any feedback.

Thanks. 














 Might be too hipster for some, but I really like this tune. 




 So, awhile back, I installed an App on my Kindle Fire called [Peekaboo Barn](http://www.nightanddaystudios.com/app/peekaboo-barn).

My kid goes nuts for this thing, and this got me to wondering if there were other decent apps out there that an infant would like, or would help them to learn something new.

Thanks. 







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Don't get me wrong, I love this subreddit. However, is anyone aware of a similar subreddit for Amazon Prime subscribers? I'm sure there's a ton of great movies and shows in the archives there, too.

Thanks! 




















































































































































































































































 Yes/No:

The Australian gun control laws instituted after Port Arthur required law abiding citizens to relinquish guns to the state for destruction.  














 Yeah, but our president is so much smarter, better looking, and spiritual than the rest of us that it's OK if he acts unilaterally and without the consent of the governed.  




 I actually didn't read it. Other than the occasional lifehacker article, I have tried to make a concentrated effort to not click Gawker links. 

 




 Please explain how throwing law abiding command in jail for owning a gun makes anyone measurably safer.  




 I think it's cute how you arbitrarily pick 1999 as your cutoff date, and then wring your hands about how "very little progress has been made."

It's a perfect demonstration of how anti-gun people are thoroughly disingenuous. No matter how low gun crime is, no matter how many tens of millions of responsible gun owners there are, you'll still call for idiotic gun control laws, and agitate for throwing people in prison for stupid reasons.
 




 Actual statistics are that US citizens justifiably use firearms in self defense upwards of 2 million times a year.

Please explain why you want to deny people the ability to effectively defend themselves. 




 What's it like? 




 That basically makes him the intellectual equivalent of this guy:

http://i.imgur.com/TUPDUkA.gif

 









 Nothing interesting comes from Gawker media. 




 Even if I had a solution, and I do, there's no point in presenting it to someone who's not only a troll, but a completely authoritarian lunatic.

Please explain why I should take you, an admitted troll, seriously on any level? 




 The blogger in this case is a female.  




 Ha!  




 California requires background checks for all gun sales, including person-to-person. 

I don't know if there are exceptions for inter-family transfers.  




 I don't know the details of California gun laws, but I wouldn't attempt a buy-up interdiction without taking to a lawyer first.  




 Something... Something... No place for weapons of war on our streets. 

-Obama 




 It's a blog who's author is ardently progun and works in snark and sarcasm the way other artists work in oils or water colors. 

I was unaware that we were obligated to only post links to places that adopt the supposedly neutral tone of the mainstream media.  




 I am intrigued by the notion of an ideological Turing Test. 









 Better take your FFL with you.

California requires all gun transfers to go through a background check, and I believe there's a waiting period for handguns. 




 I think it's cute that your solution is to take all the guns away from the people who didn't do it. 




 He is deluded.

He's also the worst kind of troll, an earnest hatemonger with no sense of humor.  




 MY UP VOTES. HAVE THEM ALL!  




 There hasn't been an anti to show up in the last decade who doesn't make the entire movement look like it's populated by lunatics, narcissists, or outright cowards.  




 Nothing like being Monday-morning quarterbacked by people who couldn't even catch a football in a back yard game.  




 So, what you're saying is that these shooters managed to have more friends than you do? 




 But you have said you hate Americans, so why are you so upset about this? 




 I would categorize it as your wet dream.

Two lunatics executing people who actually like to have a beer now and again. 













































































































 So I've just started to try a Creatine supplement for my workout. I bought the Body Fortress brand, which claims to have a whole bunch of stuff in it other than Creatine.

Here's a link to the nutrition label:
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/815qNfV4toL._SL1500_.jpg

I've noticed some positive results, but since picking this stuff up, I'm wondering if it's the right choice, or if I would be better off supplementing with just plain creatine.

I'm completely new to this game, and a lot of the supplement marketing and advertising strikes me as being about as trustworthy as the average used car salesman.

So am I good sticking with the Body Fortress stuff, or should I be looking at something else?

Thanks for your help! 




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Over-analyzing a shitty comedian's joke for internal philosophical consistency? 

Congratulations, you're a libertarian.  









 I'm not calling her a liar, but, unless she has a certain amount of familiarity with firearms, it's unlikely she would be able to differentiate between a gun that has jammed vs once that has been shot until empty, especially during the course of the event. 

I suspect that the experts with the Pima County Sheriffs Department would be able to suss out the difference, however.  




 His opinion of the places shows the typical New Yorker disdain for any place outside of NYC. 

No wonder he and other big money groups dropped their support for Morse and Giron after they lost.  




 http://tucson13.nytimes-institute.com/2013/05/23/sheriff-releases-photos-of-11-tucson-shooting/

During the attack, Loughner emptied one 33-round magazine into the crowd.* A second magazine jammed, giving bystanders a chance to tackle him before the first police officers arrived.*

http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jan/09/nation/la-na-0110-gabrielle-giffords-20110110

He finally changed the magazine and tried to fire, *but the gun jammed. * Meanwhile, two men from the crowd grabbed him and subdued him, officials said. 




 The after-action reports and analyses for most mass shooting events are freely available. 

 




 Violent crime is only the justification for selling these cockamamie ideas to the public. 

The people who supported these laws knew they would not do anything to actually reduce violence. 

Rather, it was all about sticking it to an out-of-power constituency in order to put on a show for the national-level party bosses.  




 Loughner was shooting people at contact distance and was taken down when his gun jammed, not when he was reloading. 

So your one and only example of a shooting where limited capacity magazines might have made a difference is pretty much a useless data point. 

Your claim is clearly counter-balanced by all of the mass shooters who clearly had no problems killing many people despite their limited capacity guns.  





























 I generally like Texans, but holy fuck you guys suck at winter driving.  




 Thanks for the karma. 




 You are clearly a moron.

Go take an actual firearms safety class and learn how guns actually work and then maybe we can talk when you have dealt with your ignorance.

But you won't, because actually learning things is hard. 




 So your solution to violent crime is to pass a ban on a form of device that is mechanically simple, essentially lasts forever, and where teens of millions of them already exist in the wild? 

Never mind the fact that a magazine ban will have no effect on the outcome of a mass shooting event. 

What your argument boils down to is that you're willing to arrest, try, convict, and imprison tens of millions of lawful citizens simply because they own a plastic box with a spring in it. 

That's pathetic.  









 Hey, you're the one that enables violence by disallowing people effective means of self defense.

Your policies would result in far more deaths, on aggregate, than pro-gun policies do, but I guess you would find that acceptable as long as people are murdered by methods other than shooting.  



















 Your feels don't trump others civil rights. 

Don't like guns? 

Fine. 

Don't carry one.  




 Sara Brady doesn't speak as brazenly or as often about guns as Piers Morgan did. 




 John Walsh? 

Where the hell is CNN recruiting their talent from, a timer warp to 1986? 




 You have to give a name/email/zip to submit your votes. 




 I don't know. Probably hit by a car or something. 









 Here's a big fat list compiling examples of anti-gun activists threatening violence or engaging in violence. 

http://www.saysuncle.com/index.php?s=%22so+violent%22 




 I stumbled across this post a year or so ago, and had been unable to relocate it. 

Thanks for posting this.  




 I didn't twist your words, you mouth-breathing imbecile.

The bottom line is that TSA has never, not once, stopped a terrorist, and there's no evidence that they're any more effective than pre 9-11 security, especially given that they have such a tremendous failure rate.

Furthermore, the fact that TSA does actually manage to find a gun now and then, or a shampoo bottle that holds more than 3 oz. is hardly indicative of their utility.

In case you hadn't noticed, this is the USA, and a lot of people here own a lot of guns, and, frankly, the way the TSA trots them out like they're any sort of proof to justify their phoney-baloney jobs is utterly laughable.

The way TSA agents react to the finding of even a single shell casing (or toy gun) like they've just found a case full of plutonium is laughable.

As for actual guns, yeah, people forget that they may have one in a bag, and yet they do it less regularly than TSA forgets about their own protocols for being able to legally fly with firearms.

But, yes, please do continue to justify feeling up toddlers, your posts amuse me. 




 I think it's hilarious that youcompared TSA to actual law enforcement officers who apprehend actual criminals committing actual crimes.

 




 So, what you're saying is that the TSA has stopped exactly zero terrorists, but they have confiscated a list of things you find scawwy, (things that would have been just as easily detected by pre-TSA security) as well as leveled charges against one guy who you expect us to hate because he's a rich douchebag or something.

What's it like being the kind of person that defends a useless federal organization that spends most of it's time finding ways to justify touching children and attractive women?

 




 Is that the book that claims that a Glock can go through a metal detector? 




 Oh, I don't have a problem with people interested in honest debate, but good posts have clearly been nothing but outright trolling for quite some time.  




 Australia, that's the country where the criminals make guns in clandestine machine shops, right?  




 It's a shame you wish to see people dissenters and unable to defend themselves. 

I know people who have successfully used guns in self defense. 

Why do you want to see them dead?  




 About damn time.  




 That stock wouldn't be legal for use in service rifle.  




 The original proposal for instituting the NFA would have made handguns NFA items.

Of course, if handguns are an NFA item, you can't have someone cutting the barrel down on a rifle or shotgun to make it easier to conceal, hence the barrel length requirements.

 




 Even Bota Box is better than yellow tail.  




 I love when they make that argument, frankly, because it means that you've won.

Here, let me explain:

The people who make that argument aren't giving any actual thought to the enormous failures our government would have to suffer for that to happen.

They're essentially unconcerned that for that scenario to play out, the entire Bill of Rights would have to be suspended, along with prohibitions on the military operating on US soil, and a whole host of other things that would have to fail in order for such a confiscation to happen.

What they're focused on isn't the scenario, or whether citizens could successfully fight a military, or anything else.

Rather, they're engaging in a form of public masturbation.

On a visceral level, these people *hate* gun owners. They see gun owners as an impediment to the ability to create a better world.

As a result, they want nothing more than to see gun owners killed.

On top of that, most of the people who make the argument that gun owners can't stand up to the military also hail from the same political viewpoint that has an ardent hatred for the military as well, seeing them as the embodiment of America's crass imperialistic designs.

From where I sit, the people who make this argument don't make it out of any actual practical sense, but engage in it because, frankly, they hate the military and they hate gun owners, and (being too cowardly to take direct action themselves) they would like nothing better than to pit two groups of people they hate against one another.

 




 I'll occasionally do two WODs in a day at my gym. 

Depending on what they morning workout is, I'll usually opt to do something different. 

If the morning WOD was a metcon, I'll focus on strength, or vice-versa. 

The trainers at my gym are good about putting together an alternate workout for me, though sometimes space is a consideration that has to be worked around. 

You'll feel a little self conscious during the workout, but you'll get over it. 









 Avoid Paras. They're cheap because they fall apart.

There's a reason why none of the high level USPSA shooters use them (unless they're sponsored by Para.) 




 Oh,look, he thinks he's still presidential material. 







































 Something about invertebrates killing vertebrates makes me uncomfortable on a truly deep level. 









 Many of the posts there are a great example of the deep-seated psychological anxieties of gun control fans. 

It's really amazing how simple-minded and profoundly fearful they are.  









 If you want to be able to use a firearm for self defense without getting yourself dead or into legal hot water, your very first step should be to get enrolled in one of the NRA training courses that focus on home defense.

To find a list of local training courses, go to this website:
http://www.nrainstructors.org/searchcourse.aspx

Or look up your local gun shops, give them a call, and ask if they offer courses or can recommend a local instructor. 




 Glad you liked it, however, nothing I can possibly say would be worth the spillage of good whiskey!  




 So your solution to end gun violence is to threaten peaceful gun owning citizens with gun violence.  




 No, the mods don't really ban anyone, which is not a policy I agree with. 

I'm all for open discussions with fence-sitters and curious/open-minded anti-gun people, but the toleration of people who have admitted to being here only to troll mystifies me.  









 He really is.

I mean, he sucks at arguing.
He's not creative.
His posts are neither witty, insightful, or relevant.

Yet he keeps coming back, saying stupid things that demonstrate his foolishness.

I suspect he likes to troll because mommy and daddy are too busy to give little extremeftw* the attention he so craves.


*Even his name is a sad little bleat for attention.  




 There's no reason why Bloomberg's people couldn't have hired a group of locals to pull this off.

After all, when you're a multibillionaire, throwing a few thousand bucks at some white trash yokels, plus the cost of a few rifles, is nothing.

That said, until there's evidence to the contrary, I don't think there's a conspiracy here, and these "people" really are that stupid. 




 So your solution to over a century of failed gun control policies is to double down on failure?

What's it like being a loser? 




 We have federal gun control, clearly it's an abject failure. 




 For what it's worth, it was a pleasure reading your posts.  




 And the overall rates of homicide for both the US and Australia are roughly the same and have been trending downwards for the same period of time, which is a pretty clear indicator that whatever has caused a drop in crime in Australia isn't actually the removal of Australia's gun rights.  




 You'd rather be burned alive than shot?  




 Last time I checked, Australian criminals had built quite a decent side business importing illicit guns or constructing them in clandestine machine shops.  




 Cars and booze weren't designed to kill, yet kill far more people than guns, which supposedly are only for killing. 

You'd think that someone who was worried about preventable deaths would be far more concerned with the far higher number of deaths caused by devices that aren't even supposed to be deadly.  




 There are a lot of firearms that don't have manual safeties, e.g. high end target pistols, revolvers, and some striker fired guns like Glocks. 




 In an ideal world, no one would graduate high school without knowing these rules.

It'd be the same as driver's ed or sex ed. 




 Modern guns (with the exception of some rimfires) will stand up to tens of thousands of rounds of dry fire practice before suffering any kind of wear and tear.

All of the best competition shooters swear by dry fire practice, and it's a cheap and easy way to build your skill set.

 




 Dry fire practice is one of the best ways to increase your marksmanship abilities. 

All of the best competition shooters use dry fire and advocate for it as a training aid.  









 Awhile back there was a woman who made three posts about a malevolent creature that showed up.

The description of it was creepy: arms of uneven length, short, large head and skin that looked like it was bruised all over.

The interactions she described were downright terrifying. 














 So since getting interested in supplements, I've been supplementing with Kirkland Brand Fish Oil. The label says the capsules are 1,000mg each.

However, when looking at the nutrition label, it says that each tablet only contains 250 mg of EPA and DHA, and 50 mg of "Other Omega-3 fatty acids."

Examine.com references 250 mg as the minimum dose, and 6 g as being optimal for combatting muscle soreness, etc.

My plan was to kind of hit somewhere in the middle, and get a daily dose of 3 g, but frankly, the idea of swallowing upwards of 12 capsules (in addition to my other supplements) just holds no appeal.

Is there a better brand of fish oil that has a higher amount of EPA/DHA that anyone recommends?

Thanks. 




 It's actually quite relevant. 

I'd like to hear you're justification for some of the gun control laws that you endorse.  




 The conditioning I refer to started in 1994 with the Republican revolution, something that would not have been possible without the massive political backlash resulting from the passage of the Federal Assault Weapon ban.

Bill Clinton, among others, acknowledged that it was the passage of gun control that sank the party in that election.

As a political issue, gun control has been shown to be a consistent loser for the democratic party, and the most ardent prohibitionists have been forced to moderate their tone and stridency. 









 I would say the you're the one with a problem of understanding how the world works. 

Murder and drunk driving both represent actions that in and of themselves are harmful to others.

Gun control laws, on the other hand, tend to treat all people exactly the same, regardless of whether they're a career criminal with a history of violence or an athlete competing in a shooting sport. 

While no one advocates for allowing criminals unfettered  access to guns, you have to be daft to support the kinds of gun control laws that would result in prison time simply because someone puts an adjustable stock on a target rifle or chooses to own a magazine that holds more than an arbitrarily-designated number of rounds.  

In short, the law can only punish people after an act has been committed, which is why laws punishing a murderer are good, and laws punishing someone who hasn't victimised anyone, but owns something you think is scary, are idiotic.  




 Most gun control advocates don't openly talk about confiscation because they've been conditioned, through years of lost elections and public mockery, to avoid using the c-word.  




 Thanks for posting a primary source, I agree that they're preferable. 




 The better example would be the 1911.

What's particularly interesting is his attempt to create categories of acceptable guns vs. unacceptable guns, and its all wrapped in an appeal to antiquity.

 




 Yep. You can verify it via the BATFE web page. 




 Its probably just the one progun puff piece they run per year so they can still claim to be unbiased. 




 NSSF is based there as well.  




 Spoiler:

Lady in the Water didn't have a twist, and that was kind of surprising.  
























 http://www.examiner.com/article/dell-statement-on-school-s-web-blocking-suggests-low-traffic-on-anti-gun-sites


For some reason I couldn't get the link to submit the normal way.  














 I love how Josh Sugarmann comes across in this article. 

He's a fun-hating, finger-wagging, prohibitionist scold who thinks that kids who are winning state and regional level shooting competitions are too stupid to be safe.  














 If they have to add up the numbers from an arbitrarily-picked date range, then you can pretty well be assured they're just trying to scare people.  




 Not creepy, but haunting.  




 This is stupid.  




 Understanding this reference officially makes you old.  




 What about the infertile?

I guess they're just fucked, eh? 




 I had no idea that moving money through a governmental intermediary erased the cost of this policy to a small business owner.

What an amazing economic discovery you've made! 




 Which means he actually is paying for it. 

Unless he's cheating on his taxes.  




 In retrospect, I've never been so effectively trolled by a video game.

It was a complete inversion of what happens in COD, and I almost quit playing at that point before realizing what an awesome commentary had been made.  
























 I would agree. Most of the reporters there probably aren't even aware of their bias, but you really only have to see how they portray organizations like the NRA and compare that to how they portray gun control groups. 

You can also see it in what they choose to cover. 

For example, here's a story they posted about the father of the Santa Barbara rampage killer meeting with the father who gave a speech in favor of gun control after the rampage. 

http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/06/16/322592320/photos-father-of-santa-barbara-killer-meets-victims-dad

Take note of the context, though. 

They didn't do any actual reporting because no NPR reporter was actually present, and the photographs were provided by a communications firm that works with anti-gun advocacy groups. 

Given the context, it's clear that the story isn't a news report in the slightest, but rather the regurgitation of a press release accompanied by some emotionally loaded photos. 
 




 This is the first article NPR head posted that's even somewhat pro-rights in about a year. 

Every other story on guns they post is just yet more drum beating demonizing gun owners and spreading misinformation. 

So either this one somehow managed to sneak through, or it's the rare story they post as top cover so they can claim that they're an impartial news source.  




 Gun buy-ups aren't about effective crime reduction.

From a left-wing perspective there are two advantages to this. 

1.) Good feels and lots of back-patting.
2.) When the buy-up policy ultimately doesn't work, it allows them to claim that the failure was the result of not "going far enough." They can then campaign for stronger gun control laws. 

This is a common theme on the left. Failure of their policies is always going to lead to calls for ever stronger policies which will inevitable fail just as badly, leading to yet more calls for stronger policies, wash, rinse, repeat.  




 I've started taking a combination of supplements and vitamins, and instead of trying to keep track of everything in my head, I'm thinking about creating a spreadsheet of some sort to keep track of my supplement use, dosages, times, and any perceived effects.

Does anyone have any tips, or even a template on how to go about doing this?

 














 Have I mentioned that you're one of my favorite people here? 

Because you are. 

N/H 




 They both believe in having a monopoly on force in order to control the populace. 

 









 So now you're drawing comparisons between the left and WBC? 

Damn, that's harsh.  




 As the old saying goes, if you're taking fire, it's because you're on target.  




 Yeah, that was kind of my first thought, too.  




 In regards to gun control, they sure are. 

:-D 




 Clayton Cramer us a well-recognized 2nd Amendment subject matter expert. 

I find it interesting you don't actually take his arguments to task,increase just resort to name calling.   




 It's the truth, and until they clean up their own house, I will continue to mock them.  









 I log the strength work and WOD. I also keep a page in the back of my notebook for recording 1 Rep maxes.

I don't really log any other stuff like food intake or how I was feeling unless its something unusual. 




 Is it just me or does it seem like Hillary is actively campaigning to lose the presidential election?

I mean, she just keeps saying and doing things that almost seem deliberately designed to piss off anyone to the right of Amy Goodman, which is pretty much the entire country outside of a few metropolitan enclaves. 




 One of the things I love about my CrossFit box is the culture, lots of good people who want to see others succeed no matter their skill level. 

Its alright to be nervous, I certainly was when I first started, but the best way to get passed that is to go get involved with a gym and see how it goes.  




 Wow. 

Maybe try a few sessions with a massage therapist. I've had some good results there as well.

Other than that, I know some people who've reported good results from having dry needling work done, but I don't have any first hand experience there.

I wonder if it's possible there's anything that would help on the nutrition or supplement side of things?  




 Go sign up for some yoga classes. If you can go twice a week, that's great, but I've noticed some improvement just from going once a week.  














 PF is selling the modern equivalent of indulgences.  









 I've got a couple of the blender bottles and they work well, though I don't think they'd be secure enough to put in a backpack, it would be easy for the mouth to be bumped open by other items in the pack. 

In general, I've had really good luck with products made by Contigo, you can jostle them, knock them over, drop them, and they will leak very little, if at all. 

I don't know if they make anything with a blender ball, but it would be worth checking into. 

Costco regularly has Contigo products for sale at decent prices.  


































 I had the same attitude, and only recently began supplementing after doing quite a bit of research on examine.com.

I've been using creatine for about a month now, along with some targeted use of vitamins and minerals (D3, zinc, magnesium, krill oil) and have noticed gains in my ability to complete WODs.

The difference isn't something massive, but I find that in really hard WODs where I have to really dig deep to finish, there's actually something at the bottom to use. 

Frankly, I wish I had started supplementing years ago.  




 The problem is that people like you, or Browning, know what they're talking about.

To the average layman, the term "automatic" is synonymouse with "machine gun" and unfortunately gun control activists have attempted to capitalize on this confusion. 














 This chart was the first hit I found on Tootle.

 http://www.wehealny.org/healthinfo/dietaryfiber/fibercontentchart.html 




 Banned from /rguncontrol?

Go team tolerance! 




 Thanks for this list.  




 As I understand it, there's generally more fiber in a serving off most kinds of fruit than in grains.  




 It could be argued that it wasn't the diet that was responsible for the early deaths of paleolithic man, but rather the fact that medical care was nonexistent, fire was the best killer app we had, food was scarce, and then when it wasn't, your chosen meal was unlikely to cotton to your notions of being dinner.  




 Many of those things you listed are unproven or outright false. 

For instance, if you check the examine.com entry for green coffee bean extract, you'll see that there's very little evidence for it's efficacy, even compared to other herbal supplements that are totes to do the same thing. 

Regardless of whether or not he's shilling for an actual product, he's still willfully endorsing things that are not proven to work in an attempt to build an audience of credulous people and body hid ratings.  




 All the courtroom arguments have been over since April, we're just waiting on the judge to render a decision, which should happen by the end of the year.  









 I hope they find the we linked to them and I hope so odd the mockery in this thread causes them to cry into their pillows.  









 They forgot to include OKC and 9/11. 









 No, Bradley Cooper's character wins in the end, and frankly, it's awesome.  




 Or they'll resort to the use of arson or explosives. 




 Let's see. Magazines have something like four-six parts. Are robust enough to last for years, and are essentially untraceable.

Good luck enforcing that ban, poindexter. 









 So the gun ban hasn't stopped violent crime, but it has stopped a particular kind of event that was so rare there was really only one example of it to start with. 

And to think, all you had to do was have the government steal property from its citizens and strip them off their ability to actually defend themselves! 

What a deal!  









 So what you're saying is that you're on with more people getting stabbed on a daily basis if it makes you feel slightly better about reducing the already minuscule odds of a mass shooting? 

Wow.  









 His tears of rage are so sweet and yummy.  














 I care only insofar as Obama's statement is a concise and perfect way to respond to anyone who claims that "no one wants to take your guns, that's just paranoia."

Sorry, but the President just endorsed confiscation, so it's clear that anyone who claims otherwise is lying.  







































 I'm not a historian, but the movie "Destination Moon" might allude to an answer to your question.

The movie deals with the challenges of conducting a manned expedition to moon.

At one point early on in the film, religious objections to space travel are brought up, only to be summarily dismissed by the protagonists.

The scene seemed so obviously didactic, and out of place to my modern sensibilities that it seemed like the film makers were making an earnest attempt to address something that must have been part of the cultural debate at the time.

I watched the movie probably ten years ago, and that scene still sticks with me today because it came across as so utterly weird. 




 Brilliant
 









 It's a bit premature to claim that there's a market for them when the are none for sale. 

That said, I suspect that there's ultimately a niche market of gun and technology dweebs who would buy them, as well as ignorant people who think a smart gun means they don't need to bother with a safe out other form of physical access control.  









 I've seen comment sections at NPR where people have voiced their admiration for North Korea having a small carbon footprint. 









 Nope. 









 No, its not true at all.  




 The lady doth protest too much, methinks.  














 You can't possibly believe all if the stupid things you post.  




 My money would be on The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.  




 Here's a link to the policy fine print (pdf)

http://www.locktonrisk.com/nrains/forms/ArmsCare_Coverage_Form.pdf

While there is a clause that says they don't cover guns that are illegal, I doubt very much that they would refuse to cover the loss of your perfectly legal AR just because it's illegal in California. 

FWIW, a friend of mine had a pistol stolen that is likely illegal somewhere in this country, and he received a payout for it.  














 Just the one BS. 

But I'm also house broken.  




 I'm now being called insane by the guy who thinks cops should be forced to face dangerous criminals alone and unarmed. 



Much hilarity. 

Such irony. 

Wow.  




 Goddamn, you're just too adorable for your own good.

Tell you what.

Why don't you go down to the local PD and float that idea and see how far it gets you. 




 My bad, I figured it wouldn't be an issue since I was linking to another sub-reddit friendly to gun rights.

I do 99% of my posting from mobile, so the screen shot method is a hassle to pull off.

I'll just refrain from linking to other subreddits from now on. 




 This really is a perfect example of just how thoroughly irrational and incessantly self-entitled the anti-gun mindset is. 




 It strikes me that the User is tilting at windmills, but does reveal a certain level of bias on the part of the Reddit admin staff. 









 That didn't take long. 




 Muh roads! 

/obligatory  




 Then what specific policy recommendations do you have?  




 So in the situation as presented, how do your talking points apply?  




 You hiring?  




 And of course, instead of advocating for better self defense training, your solution is to deny a woman the the ability to make choices about her own self defense. 

Fucking sexist.  




 In the case of this commercial, would you care to explain why you think the woman is still cohabitating with the man she has a restraining order against?  














 Costs more than you make in a month. 




 It's mentioned for context to establish that he is dangerous and a prohibited person. Think of it as ticking off one of the check boxes for "establishing the villain."

Also one of the things that Bloomberg's group seeks to do is to tighten the restrictions on men who've had a restraining order issued against them, and I think they are also playing on the intended audience's ignorance regarding the fact that such laws already exist. 




 Ha! Thanks. 




 It's interesting to note that regardless of the fear mongering over the Beretta and other double stack wonder nines, the one study the ATF did on the subject in 2000 didn't show a single such gun on the list of mossy popular crime guns. 

https://www.atf.gov/sites/default/files/assets/pdf-files/ycgii-report-2000-highlights.pdf 




 To be clear, this guy is a jackass who's looking to get a fat payout from the state by trying to get them to over react in such a way that he can sue them. 




 I don't want Jenny McCarthy on my side. 




 It did that automatically. 

I'm sorry,ididn't mean to offend you and baby Jesus.  














 They'll probably post one later today. They're usually pretty good about that.  




 Agree completely. 

The history of malfeasance arising from the recording of gun ownership data is far too large to engender any level of trust in anyone who wants to record that data.  









 Ah. No worries. I do most of my posting from mobile, so doing the screen-grab and rehost process is kind of onerous. 

I'll just refrain from linking to other subreddits.  














 Ah. I used the np link. Figured that would be adequate. Sorry.  














 Do you have a source for this claim? 









 One of the most hilarious anti tactics is where they will glom onto some piece of marketing material from a gun company, and then proceed to take it 100% literally and act like whatever had gotten them so upset is the most deadly development in weaponry since the days of the Trinity tests. 

There really should be a name for that tactic.  




 Too bad, as I'm sure most leftists would have rushed to his defense for taking a stand on abortion.  




 Why?  There's only about four active members there.  




 I post this not because of the article, but because of the epic amounts of anti butthurt in the comments.  









 ITT:

Overly-infantilized European pussies demonstrating that we really did make the right choice in revolting against them in 1775.


/'Merica 




 The way I see it, there are two options:

1.) They grossly over-inflated the number of transfers made per year in order to justify their idiotic law and to get funding for a bloated new bureaucracy.

or

2.) People are just completely disobeying the law. Those who are selling guns to known prohibited persons don't care about the law, and everyone else simply doesn't feel like dealing with the inconvenience of hunting down an FFL to transfer a gun to a friend who they know has a clean background.

In either case, it's a fairly damning indictment. The Dems who pushed for this law have egg all over their face. 




 Boy, the Democrats sure Munsoned this one up. 




 That's pretty damning.  




 The fact that he wants the NHS to waste money on this garbage is terrifying.  




 At the state level, Hickenlooper and other Dems have voiced support for energy exploration and the use of fracking.

Regarding the road issue, I don't see how the topic is controversial, though I'm certainly not a subject matter expert on the matter. 




 Agree.

Requests for evidence demonstrating the efficacy of the laws passed last year are invariably met with down votes and name calling. 




 http://m.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/07/22/shaneen-allen-race-and-gun-control/

As it turns out, Allens case isnt unusual at all. Although white people occasionally do become the victims of overly broad gun laws (for example, see the outrageous prosecution of Brian Aitken, also in New Jersey), the typical person arrested for gun crimes is more likely to have the complexion of Shaneen Allen than, say, Sarah Palin. 

**Last year, 47.3 percent of those convicted for federal gun crimes were black  a racial disparity larger than any other class of federal crimes, including drug crimes.** *In a 2011 report on mandatory minimum sentencing for gun crimes, the U.S. Sentencing Commission found that blacks were far more likely to be charged and convicted of federal gun crimes that carry mandatory minimum sentences.*

What was that you were saying about talking points, now? 









 If you shoot .45 with any amount of regularity, you'll end up spending far more on ammo in the long run. 

Buy a quality gun, like a used Glock. Long term, the extra couple hundred bucks won't matter and you'll end up with a much better gun. 

If you are so strapped for cash that a decent gun is out off the question, then you should reconsider buying a gun chambered for one of the more expensive cartridges available.  




 So two examples on essentially uncontroversial topics out of a grand total of how many proposed bills?  




 I fail to see how staying the undeniable fact that gun control is historically rooted in racism is bull shit. 

Consider the following:

https://www.firearmsandliberty.com/cramer.racism.html

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/10/09/adam-winkler-gun-fight-author-on-gun-control-s-racism.html
(apologist article favoring gun control, but the author acknowledges the historical connection.)

http://www.npr.org/2014/06/05/319072156/guns-kept-people-alive-during-the-civil-rights-movement 




 Sticking it to lawful gun owners was the plan all along, but remember, the media has to pretend otherwise lest they run the risk of appearing unimpartial.  




 I'm glad that the law doesn't affect how you choose to defend yourself, but do you honestly believe that choice should be restricted by the state for others who've come to a different conclusion? 




 Not so, given that the historical record of gun control is one rooted in the oppression of minorities, most specifically African Americans.

After all, the history of American gun control is irrefutably rooted in the era of the racist antebellum south.

As for these laws being unenforceable, then the laws should be outright repealed.

After all, just because the law is unlikely to result in a conviction doesn't mean the law can't be used against someone to make their life a living hell (having to deal with being arrested, tried, fined and/or imprisoned until the court date, to say nothing of the fact that anyone charged would have to retain a lawyer, miss work, and deal with the stress of being dragged through the legal system.)

Even if there isn't an attempt to maliciously prosecute someone by charging them with a violation that's unlikely to stick in court, there's also the general chilling effect that it has on the average lawful citizen's rights to own and use firearms for self-defense, recreation, and other moral and legal applications.

If you acknowledge the laws serves no purpose, then you should support repealing them. 




 If the effect of the law results in disproportionate prosecutions and use of violence against minorities by the legal system, or enables racist law enforcement officers to unfairly victimize minorities, does it really matter whether or not the original proponents of the law are outright racists? 




 Not only are the cops not enforcing these laws, most of the state's sheriffs are signed onto the lawsuit to repeal the laws. 




 The history of gun control is one founded in the racism of the Jim Crow-era deep south, and even today, gun control laws are disproportionately used to prosecute minorities. 




 Well, the fact that the law isn't enforceable is probably the prime reason for why it should be repealed.

In fact, even people who aren't into gun rights (or who actually do support gun control) should call for the law to be repealed because it's such an unenforceable, poorly-written mess.

Frankly, if anything, gun control advocates should be *more* vocal about repealing the magazine ban, because the longer it's on the books, the more stupid they look. 




 How often has he worked to compromise with the Republicans in the Senate? 




 Magazine repair kits aren't technically legal per the law.

If you assemble the parts into a magazine that you didn't own before the cutoff date in the law, that's a violation punishable by a year in prison or a $1,000 fine.


 














 One of the republican party's biggest weaknesses is that they just won't shut the fuck up about social issues like abortion, gay marriage, or weed. 

The days of Focus on the Family and Ted Haggard being able to swing elections are over, but the state party hasn't figured that out.  














 "Hate fact" that's hilarious. 




  I think it's cute that of the entire list of evidence I provided, the only thing you can actually respond to (and poorly at that) is that the photos were somehow faked "out in a dessert (sic)."

I guess I shouldn't belittle you, though. After all, you're just the product of a failed education system that couldn't even be bothered to teach you the basics of critical thinking or self-directed learning. 




 What's also hilarious and sad is that this person wants to be spoon fed the answer, rather than going out and doing some research and reading up on the topic. 




 You mean no evidence beside the multitude of nations that tracked the spacecraft travel to and from the moon, the photos taken there, the samples of lunar regolith that were brought back, and the equipment that we left on the surface that can still be seen and used for scientific experimentation, right? 



















 http://www.reddit.com/r/everymanshouldknow/comments/2b9e9k/emsk_how_a_gun_works/cj3dh1p.compact 




 The left claims that gun ownership is shrinking, but that doesn't seem to square up with the fact that there are record numbers of people taking introductory safety classes and getting their carry permits. 

Also, if gun owners are a dying breed, then why does it seem like new shooting ranges are being constructed at record pace?  




 So he supports idiotic gun control policies and then gets all butthurt when gun owners call him out on his duplicitous actions. 

What a complete and total putz.  




 This is the best point of the entire article. 

Gun control isn't about crime or violence, it's about scoring points in the culture war. 

The sooner everyone realizes that the movers and shakers of the gun control movement aren't just misguided our mistaken, actively trying to infringe on a civil right just to assuage their own egos, the better of we'll all be.  




 It's possible for the number of gun owners to be at record highs, but their percentage of part of the overall population to remain the same or even go down. 

If the growth in population outpaces the growth of the population that owns guns, then it gives the appearance of dwindling gun ownership rates even though the number of new gun owners is at an all-time high.  




 Dan Baum lives in Colorado. 

He did not testify at the Senate hearings our even show up to watch. 

He did not contribute to the recall campaigns after his beloved democrats passed poorly written laws authored by Michael Bloomberg's lawyers. 

He isn't interested in gun rights, he's just a typical leftist who has glommed onto guns so he can sound edgy when he's attending dinner parties with his undoubtedly pallid-skinned leftist friends.  




 Congratulation on finding a single example of a statistical anomaly on par with being attacked by a shark or struck by lightning. 




 I'll never fly on a rocket to low-earth orbit.

Doesn't mean I don't find it interesting. 









 6) Pulse Rifles  




 No, they fully understand this, they simply don't care. 

The motivation for gun control has nothing to do with violent crime*, and everything to do with scoring points by sticking it to a constituency that progressives reflexively hate. 

*in fact, from a culture war perspective, gun control that actually effectively reduced violent crime would be a failure, as it would then be an impediment to instituting further restrictions.  




 Pursuit Channel is just a live stream of their content. 

They do outdoorsy type shows.  




 Every man should be willing to take an interest, even if it's something as basic as spending 30 seconds to watch an animated gif.

I don't like cars all that much, but I understand the basics of an internal combustion engine, and know how to perform basic maintenance.  




 Yeah, but remember, even though the slide, etc. are heavier, the bullet is being pushed at much higher speed, so it probably balances out. 

We need someone to do the math...  




 As opposed to what? 

There's fundamentally nothing wrong with trigger-mounted safeties.  




 Probably not that much of a difference. 

Basic Newton, for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. 

That said, it would make for an interesting experiment to conduct with a chronograph.  




 Then you should know better than to advocate for waving guns around with your finger on the trigger.  




 How much actual shooting experience do you have? 




 Who doesn't want to know how the Space Shuttle works?

Aside from the exorbitant cost and inability to go anywhere outside of Low-Earth orbit, the shuttle was pretty rad. 




 Because self-imposed ingorance on any subject is a shame. 




 The first rule of gun safety is to keep your finger off the trigger until the sights are aligned with the target.

Follow that rule with every gun and it cannot be inadvertently fired.

 




 The scene you describe sounds almost exactly like a shot from the movie Apollo 13. 









 Given that the ISS is possibly the most expensive single thing ever built, and is not yet at end of life, deorbiting utter would be a really stupid idea. 

Given the preceding sentence it wouldn't shock me if they opted to do just that.  









 Whenever the various multitude of systemic failures endemic to socialism are pointed out, the defender of that particular ideology invariably resorts to an argument that the state/leader under discussion couldn't possibly be an actual socialist/communist because reasons.  









 I was completely unaware that someone had gone to the trouble of categorizing the development of critical thinking in stages. A Google search on this resulted in some interesting reading. 




 I ask the question because you still weirdly obsessed with something that doesn't actually affect you.  




 Wow, you're really touchy about this. 

As a kid, were you molested by an uncle or something?  




 Marriage was a way of consolidating wealth and power for generations long before your view of it as some sort of quaintly romantic, Victorian-defined expression of twue wuv. 

I'll also note that if you're being honest about hewing to a traditional form of marriage, it would be one that would allow for multiple spouses and harem-style arrangements.  









 I always love the "no true socialist" argument. 

 




 I've still got the originals stashed in my basement somewhere. It was a 2-part crossover. 



















 Does anyone remember that time when Archie teamed up with The Punisher?  




 Looks like they're doing a special issue or something.  




 Musket barrels don't have rifling, which is kind of a requirement for something to be a rifle.

:-) 




 Remember, if you're a reporter covering something you don't like but the people involved are all too decent to be attacked directly you can always undermine them by tying them to an unrelated incident that happened two decades ago with a completely different from group.  









 Muskets.  









 Most of what's on examine its more about giving your body enough of the proper building blocks so it can generate it's testosterone. 

From what I've read, anything that claims to boost your body's testosterone levels above the natural levels is either marketing bs or steroids. 

Ain't no such thing as a free lunch.  




 3-6 grams of DHA/EPA fish oil will cut down on soreness.  




 Expect to see more of this. 

Looks like part of that 50mil Bloomberg is dumping into gun control is being used to disparate gun grabber organizations.  














 To add insult to injury, a lot of those supposed "industry donations" come from things like Midway USA's NRA Roundup program, which allows people to round up the amount of their purchase to the nearest 1-5 dollars, which is then donated to the NRA.  




 Happy to help!  




 Decot makes great prescription shooting glasses. 

A little dorky looking, but functionally great. 

Otherwise take a look at the products offered by Rudy Project.  









 Oh god, why did I click that link?  




 There is something disconcerting about Rolling Stone, which was founded by the counter culture, so lavishly blowing a member of the .01%. 




 I'm not sure who's more tiresome. Ardent drug warriors, or the useless stoners they demonize. 




 Garen Wintemute is a quack.

His "research" and resultant advocacy is what led to congress pasing the law forbidding the CDC from doing gun control advocacy. 




 Glad to see this get national media attention.  




 The first study was roundly dismissed for cherry picking data, and is evidently a statistical outlier, as it was the only state to see this effect. 

http://humanevents.com/2014/03/02/lott-to-gp-johns-hopkins-gun-violence-study-flawed-twisted/

The second study is a tautology, and shows no correlation to a drop in overall violent crime, only "gun crime" which implies that in the absence of a firearm, criminals aren't less violent, but are happy to substitute other methods that are presumably just as effective. 

In any event, the study is behind a pay wall, so we can't even see what sort of criteria they used or what laws were specifically evaluated.  




 This is hilarious. 
 




 If there were facts showing these laws to be a net societal benefit, the advocates for them did a poor job of presenting their case when they instead opted to rely on culture war stereotypes, appeals to emotion, procedural shenanigans designed to minimize dissent, and outright misinformation. 

Furthermore, if the laws were effective, the would be plenty of proof of this from the states that have similar laws in place, as well as from the Federal law that was in place from 1994-2004.

Unfortunately, the is no compelling evidence that the laws worked, and your justification is the political equivalent of a creationist who makes a "God of the gaps" argument. 

This gives rise to the problem of now having laws on the books that don't actually reduce violence, but do create a legalistic mine field for citizens who wish to stay on the right side of the law. 

 




 Take it up with the staff at /r/progun.

They don't seem to mind.  




 They offered all sorts of attempts to fix the bills during the (artificially limited) Senate hearings. 

The only one the democrats paid any attention to was when it was pointed out that their shiny new magazine ban would outlaw great grandpappy's huntin' shotgun, and then there was a mad dash to amend the law before it became an outright gun ban. 

If you're truly interested, the video from the Senate and House hearings should still be on the websites for those respective legislative bodies.  




 It's not an opinion to point out that nearly every mass shooter successfully passed a background check, and that the current law would not have stopped people like the Aurora theater shooter. 

Its not an opinion to point out that the magazine ban is useless because it is unenforceable and easily circumvented. 

Nor is it an opinion to point out that the background check law won't stop someone from selling a gun to a criminal nor does it do anything to stop straw purchases. 

Sure, we can quibble over whether the laws put undue burdens on lawful citizens, and certainly those beliefs are largely a matter of opinion, but the bottom line is that the laws were poorly conceived and unlikely to result in measurable public good.  




 The GOP did offer assistance, it was roundly ignored by a bunch of politicians who would likely be unable to tell you which end of a gun the bullet comes out of.  




 Heh. Thanks. :-) 




 Because it's funny.  




 OH NOES SOMEONE POSTED SOMETHING TO MULTIPLE SUBS! 

There's really no need to work to discredit the laws, they're so poorly written only an idiot would argue that they're actually effective at reducing violence in any meaningful way.  




 Yawn. 

Yet more projection from a moron who doesn't even know me. 

As I said, you're boring. 



















 The actual quote from hizzoner:

The NRA went after two or three state Senators in a part of Colorado where I dont think theres roads. Its as far rural as you can get. 




 You're boring.  




 I know this isn't strictly gun-related, but it was too great not to share.  









 I'm sorry, I had trouble reading your past because I was laughing so hard at your obvious philosophical blind spot. 

Have fun watching Fox News. 




 I don't know why, but that makes me laugh every time I see it.  














 I know the song of my people.

 :-) 




 Slate? 

Why don't you cite Fox News while you're at it.  




 Especially when that one anecdote is used to pass a law that could result in people going to jail for utterly idiotic reasons.  




 Muh roads!  
























 And yet losers like you oppose training courses at every level, unless it allows you to make it prohibitively expensive and inconvenient to own a firearm.

You're part of the problem, Chester. 




 Bill Maher is an anti-vaccination lunatic.

He's a completely partisan hack. 




 It's off interest to people who are pro gun rights. 

Keep your friends close and all that.  




 I'm only in favor of UBC's if they are conducted as follows:

Government-issued drivers licenses are conspicuously marked in one of two ways:

People who can legally buy a gun have an icon on their id of a little green circle with a pistol in the center. 

People who are prohibited from owning a gun have an icon on their id of a pistol with an international no symbol over it. 

When selling a gun, you simply ask to see the buyer's id. If you see the green icon, you're good to go. If you see the red icon you are legally required to decline the sale. 

This UBC method empowers gun owners to be the first line of defense in making sure guns aren't sold to criminals, requires no government bureaucracy, does not force buyers or sellers to have to waste time driving to an FFL, or waste money forcing them to pay fees to conduct a check.  














 Assault kettles are black, have an external handle to make it easier to quickly pour the contents, the ability to heat the contents above 200 degrees F, and an internal capacity greater than 10 fluid ounces. 




 It's a trick.

Get an axe.  




 It was, but it's still a great trope to break out when dealing with antis. 




 By any chance is your ISP Comcast? 









 Wow. I'd like to thank the kind soul who gilded my link!  





























 Red meat for the election season grist mill.
 




 I'm in total agreement with you; fuck people in wheel chairs. If they can't learn Krav, they deserve to be victimized! 




 GrC. 

I totally forgot about that place! 

The thing that's funny about them is that the rules are purposely designed to allow them to ban anyone. 

Most subs that cliquey just end up going private, but the folks at GrC seem to get off on engaging in a public circle jerk, which is really just kind of sad, when you think about it.  




 For your clothes, here's a pretty flower. 




 Anti-gun bigots extolling their fairness and compassion in 5...4...3.. 














 Aside from political lobbying and such, the NRA is the largest organisation dedicated to offering training classes dealing with many facets of gun ownership, including four hunting, concealed carry and home defense. 

They are also one of the largest competitions shooting organizations, with NRA-sponsored shooting matches in every state. 

On top of that, they offer consultation on range construction, evaluation and grants for the building and improvement of shooting ranges. 

They also offer members insurance on their gun collections. 

That's just off the top of my head.  









 It's a very Spielbergian moment. He always puts nice little touches like that in his movies.  




 The Kirkland fish oil doesn't have as much EPA and DHA as some other brands, so you might try changing it out for another brand.

There are some brands for sale on Amazon with very high EPA and DHA content, and even a couple for sale at Costco. Next time you shop there, compare labels. 




 The problem is that a lot of people would see a correlation with race and assume causation, when that isn't the factor driving these injuries, but rather the culture of desperation that arises in economically and educationally depressed areas of the country, which tend to be disproportionately African-American. 




 Passing a law that allows people to be thrown in prison for merely owning a piece of optical gear is reprehensible.

I'm glad to see you oppose such onerous legislation. 









 Great post. I've submitted it to r/bestof.  









 How, exactly, would they enforce this law? 

After all, federal law prohibits the government from retaining NICS check records for more than a week (iirc), so it would be impossible to prove whether someone did or did not submit to a NICS check. 

So this law is completely unenforceable and utterly useless, except to act as the groundwork for further restrictions down the road.  














 It's actually worse than the headline makes it seem. 

What has the antis all up in arms isn't the gun itself, but the optical and electronic system attached to it. 

They don't want to ban the rifle, they want to ban the scope attached to it, which is just insane.  




 That's some grade-a trolling. 




 The gun used was built on an 80% receiver.  




 Headline should read "Democrats try to regulate blocks of aluminum/spools of plastic."

I can't decide if this is more, or less, idiotic than their attempt to ban incandescent bulbs.  




 For a second there, I thought this was an announcement that Brady group had gone through yet another name change.  









 Relevant User name. 




 Ever notice how the solution to failed gun control policies is the institution of more gun control? 




 After California passed their state level ban on so-called "assault weapons" it turned out that they left a certain model of SKS off of the list.

Since the window to register them had closed, and they were now considered an "assault weapon " anyonewho had one was told to turn it in or have it confiscated.

I don't know how actively they pursued the owners of those rifles, but its my understanding that some forced confiscations did occur.

There is also a concerted effort in California to match gun registration information up against prohibited persons databases, and then they dispatch LE to confiscate the guns. I don't have a problem with this, at least for people with violent felonies, but they're also going after people who have mental health issues, and even family members who are legal to own guns, but who live with someone who is a prohibited person. 




 Ask them if they would support instituting Australian-style gun control in the US.

If they say "yes" then they're lying when they say no one wants to take guns away. 




 While this isn't strictly gun-related, I thought it was worth sharing because it shows that the world is more complex than most gun control fans think, and that it's completely possible that there are factors other than gun availability that play into violence and suicide. 

Given the revelation that high amounts of environmental lead were likely a large part of high crime rates through the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s, it seems plausible and reasonable that other chemical and environmental factors could be related to violent behavior or mental disorders.  



















 Always remember, the only reason gun control ever fails is because it doesn't go far enough.  









 At this point, the NRA could come out in favor of puppies, baseball, and apple pie, and the mainstream media would have an aneurysm in response. 

It's freaking hilarious.  









 Don't bother, they went out of business years ago. 














 Ah, yes, the old "some the people who disagree with me are mean, so clearly they're all mean" tactic of argumentation.

If you can't win on facts and reason, then slander your opponents in the public eye. 




 Someone who thinks they know it all isn't interested in learning. 









 None of your points matter to him because for him, gun violence is just the friendly cause he's using to mask hits actual hatred for all gun owners. 

You see, combat effective is both deeply fearful and wildly self-absorbed, and as a result, he believes that anyone who holds the capacity to kill him actually would do so given half a chance. 

As a result of this fear and paranoia, he supports laws that punish lawful gun owners for no reason other than the fact that they make him afraid and uncomfortable. 

This is why anti-gun people are so irrational, and it also explains why they added completely incapable of differentiating between someone who owns a gun for legitimate reasons, and someone who is a violent criminal. 

To him, deep down inside, we're all violent criminals.  









 It's a purely political play to try to draw a comparison between the NRA, practical shooting sports, and police militarization/excessive force.

tl;dr: Cops practicing with their guns = ZOMG POLICE STATE! 




 While some people get all up in arms about cops with modern rifles and pistols, I don't have a problem with it. The problem with police militarization is one of mindset (us vs. them) and not an issue of whether a cop has a wood or plastic-stocked patrol rifle.

As for cops practicing head shots, I'm fairly certain most police academies practice head shots, and have done so since time immemorial. The notion of criticizing cops for practicing shots that require precision is, frankly, utterly idiotic.

The problem is that the article is trying to draw a connection between a competition that will actually help cops have better and safer gun handling, and a militarized police state and/or cases of police using excessive force. 




 As I understand it, Truth Out is a left-wing organization on par with Media Matters and the like. 




 Always remember, according to the left wing, only police and military are competent enough to be allowed access to firearms.  














 Tl;dr: it's a trick, get an axe.  









 After about the fifth season I started thinking the show would be awesome if Michael's monologues would start getting more and more bizarre, and the series finale would reveal that he wasn't a spy, but in reality just a really clever paranoid schizophrenic. 




 Oh, they've known that for years. The anti-gun crowd learned how to play the incremental infringement game starting in the 1900s. 

Now that much of the populace has gotten wise to their shenanigans, they're having to shift which strategy they use.  




 I always liked this one:

http://www.theonion.com/articles/peace-activist-has-to-admit-barrett-50-caliber-sni,234/ 




 From where I sit, the proposal to regulate semi-auto guns under the NFA, or requiring a permit to own one has two long-term goals: to invalidate the Common Usage litmus test spelled out in Heller (after all, if they make it more inconvenient to own a certain class of gun vs. another, most people will default to the easier choice out of sheer convenience.)

This will have the effect of making semi-auto firearms much less common, and therefore likely to fail the Common Usage test in Heller, which then opens the door to further regulation. (Oh, and hey, since you required registration to own those guns, it becomes much easier to pass new regulations governing who can own them and how they can be used!)

TL;DR: CAP to gun owners: C'mon, how about just the tip? 




 It's interesting reading.

Of particular note is their prescription for requiring the registration of so-called "assault weapons."

Basically, they want to re-categorize semi-auto firearms as Title II NFA guns, and force you to jump through the same hoops for an AR15 that you would have to jump through to get a full-auto M16.

This doesn't mark a change of heart for the left regarding gun control; rather, it's just a change in tactics. 









 requiring a license for so-called "assault weapons" is probably coded language for a plan to move to regulate then under the NFA. 

That was part of Feinstein's proposal to pass a new ban post-Sandy Hook.  




 That's so Raven! 














 In my experience, the vast majority of ardent anti gun people suffer from Narcissistic Personality Disorder.

Logical arguments don't hold any sway over them because the very nature of your gun ownership personally offends them on a visceral level.

Since their motivations are purely emotional and deeply selfish, facts, stats, figures, and appeals to logic and reasoned thinking will not sway them in the least.

It also turns out that this is a two-way street. Since facts don't have any power to change how they think, they will not consider fact-based arguments to be effective, so they emotionally lash out instead.

Ultimately, the name calling is just an attempt to outgroup you in order to make themselves feel better. 




 Extremely well done, OP. 




 Shitty website fails on mobile = downvotesville. 




 Feel free to post the numbers of all of those working-class people who are dues paying members in anti-gun organizations.  




 It's also worth pointing out that none of the gun control laws proposed within living memory works actually do anything to stop a suicidal person from getting a gun. 

Therefore it is completely disingenuous for gun control advocates to include suicide numbers in their gun death statistics in a cynical bid to make it appear that the US has a violence problem.  









 Want buses to have more appeal? 

Then they need to not smell like pee, enforce a dress code, and have an open bar.  




 Yohimbine and green tea extract work well to take the edge off of a chronic compulsion to eat, but you still have to exercise some self-restraint.  




 I honestly can't say if I do or not, I've never gotten blood work done, so my choice in supplementation is less than scientific. 

I'll check out the beta alanine.  




 It seems a there is valid reason to be concerned about the safety of fully-autonomous weapon systems.

http://www.wired.com/2007/10/robot-cannon-ki/ 




 I can't speak to the reputation of the university that conducted the study, but I don't see a reason to be outright dismissive of the tests they're conducting.

After all, it's not like antibiotics haven't come from novel sources before, including soil samples from the grounds of a medieval castle and bacteria found in hydrothermal vents at the bottom of the ocean.

Hell, there's even an antibacterial agent used in scientific testing that is only found in the blood of horseshoe crabs.

Unless the studies being undertaken are complete woo, or the university has a reputation for poorly controlled studies, I don't see a reason to completely dismiss this research. 




 Yes, I know its baking soda.

No worries. 




 I'ge been working to be better at drinking plenty of water during the day. I usually drink at least 1 8oz glass of water before leaving for the gym, and consume a half liter container at the gym during warmup.

Not sure I follow on the acetic acid? 




 Evidently there is some evidence that it helps control acidosis.

http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/

I figured I'd give it a try, but not sure if I'd do it again. 




 I'll oblige them by continuing to not purchase their horrendously overpriced soups and sandwiches. 




 I've been supplementing with green tea extract and yohimbine for a couple of months without any serious side effects.

Today I figured I'd try adding sodium bicarbonate into the mix, and about 3/4 of the way through a fairly intense workout, I started feeling nauseated.

Doses were 10g sodium bicarbonate, 800mg ECGC and 12.5 Mg yohimbine hcl.

Other supps are D3, zinc, and creatine.

About half an hour after, I had an intense bout of puking. 









 You can see the key holes in the google maps photos if you pan straight up otter straight down.  




 To make a crappy analogy then, it's sort of similar to having a computer with a really powerful graphics card. 

A normal human's vision system (graphics card) isn't all that high tech, so it just hands the stimulus off to the brain (processor), which is pretty to of the line, for interpretation. 

But in a mantis shrimp the vision system (graphics card) is a top of the line model that can handle a lot of that work locally without having to hand the stimulus to the primitive brain (processor) for interpretation, which probably cuts down on the amount of time the brain needs to make a decision as to whether it's seeing food (attack) or a threat (run). 




 Probably more than just Reddit. Lots of other gun forums will post announcements to vote on these kinds of polls. 




 If Shantel wants to make more, maybe she should take some initiative and find a new job or develop some marketable skills.  




 My, aren't we all testy.  









 Whoops. My bad. I should have checked the date before posting.  




 Not if you'ge got an agitprop fetish. 









 Bear in mind that so long as general population growth outstrips the growth of the segment of the population that chooses to become first-time gun owners, it is completely possible for the raw number of gun owners to grow, while their percentage as a part of the overall population gets smaller, which some people would interpret as a drop in gun owners. 




 Typical rent-seeking behavior. 




 Improperly contained involuntary protein spill. 


































 That subreddit is full of utter assholes. I'm not aware of another firearms related sub where anyone has anything positive to say about them. 




 /r/shittynealdegrassetyson 














 Bloomberg makes for a good villain because he is such a lunatic control freak, and had a tendency to say tremendously stupid things. 

Gates will be harder to go up against because he's done am exceptional job of building himself up as a humanitarian good guy. 

They won't be able to use the same tactics against Gates. 




 Once upon a time, surplus rifles and pistols were sold to citizens via the Civilian Marksmanship Program. 




 Was it, *Batteries Not Included?

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0092494/ 




 http://i.lvme.me/enys03l.jpg 




 Obvious troll is obvious.  




 Christo is brilliant, and the project is temporary. 

I'd love to see this one in person.  




 Maybe some of the guys on the force are into those battle bot competitions? 




 Tl;dr: Inelastic Supply meets Increased Demand, they get married and have two kids named Increased Prices and Short Supply.

In the last few years there has been a massive spike in interest in guns and marksmanship among the general population.

This demand was enough to outstrip the manufacturers' abilities to make and distribute ammunition, even when running 3 shifts per day, and a lot of companies were reluctant to expand their facilities because its an expensive process and they were unsure if the elevated demand was a temporary thing or indicative of a more permanent trend. 




 I'm not aware of any legislative or courtroom victories won by JPFO.

The NRA and SAF, for all of the dumb things they've done, are the two organizations most directly responsible for the lion's share of pro gun victories.
 




 While not strictly gun-related, there is some interesting info here. 









 A couple of years ago, 500 round value packs were around $15. 




 At least then they'd stop accidentally shooting innocent bystanders when getting into skirmishes over gang territory. 




 Once upon a time military surplus pistols and rifles were able to be sold to competition shooters under the auspices of the Civilian Marksmanship Program. 

Handgun transfers were ended in the 1960s, and the rest of the program was killed by Clinton, but resurrected as a non-profit, but will only last as long as stocks of antique Garands are still available.  




 In that case, you're not actually seeing infrared on your phone's screen, but rather infrared as filtered and translated to be displayed on a screen designed to display RGB.  




 Why does your list have Water World and Judge Dredd on it?  




 I started using a magnesium solution applied externally a couple of days ago. I really haven't noticed a difference as of yet. 




 If "the ends justify the means" is an integral part of how your party operates, intellectual honesty is an impossibility.  



















 The old saw about them being more afraid of you than you are of them is pretty true.

I haven't encountered a bear yet that didn't run from a bright flashlight and yelling.

If you feel so inclined, get some bear spray and keep it handy for when you let your dogs out at night, just in case. That said, it's unlikely you'll ever need to use it. 




 Personally, I think it's a toss-up between the 47 or 15.

If you get the Compensator 10, though, be sure to get the optional ball-cupping heat-shield. Not only is it more comfortable, but it will keep you from sustaining burns on your testicles when you are busy compensating. 




 HBAR AR15s are widely used for Service Rifle and National Match Rifle competitions. 

My guess is that there were probably some MD High Power shooters who were able to successfully make the case for their sport.  




 Why, it's almost as if he held those views from the beginning, and only claimed otherwise so he could make a dramatic show of being driven away from voting for pro-rights candidates so he could foster internet drama! 

But that would imply that he's lying about changing his views, and I'm pretty sure no one lies on the internet.  




 The version of me that lives in your head is highly amusing. 

If you feel the need to donate to Bloomberg supported groups, go ahead. I'm sure that as a member of the .01% he'll be duly impressed with your financial assistance.  




 And here you sit, reaping the rewards of slavery and land theft.  




 Don't soft-pedal it and claim you support regulation. 

At least have the courage of your convictions to state that you are in favor of outright prohibition.  




 That's the thing. 

It's clearly obvious these laws easily circumvented and wholly unenforceable, and preliminary data has shown that to be the case. 

Frankly, if anything, gun control advocates should be even more in favor of repealing these laws than gun owners on account of the fact that these laws are so poorly written and unenforceable that they only serve to highlight just how absurd the gun control movement in this country is.  




 So brave.  




 If the antis are so in favor of the sale of smart guns, perhaps they should give a little, too.

-Industry immunity to protect from lawsuits like the ones in the story.
-Repeal the NJ "mandatory smart gun" law.


Heck, since the gun lobby can negotiate from a position of power on this one, maybe they should demand concealed carry reciprocity, and repeals on magazine bans, hollow-point bans, and other ridiculous gun control laws.

If the antis want smart guns on the market so badly, maybe they should compromise for once. 




 He feels strongly about guns because he's deeply afraid of them.

Even worse, he's deeply afraid of the inherent symbolism they represent, which is individual autonomy and responsibility.

He's not interested in "saving lives," rather, he's interested in scoring points in a culture war where doing things that piss off people who aren't from his tribe makes him feel good.

*edited to add: the down votes are proof that I'm right.  




  The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.

-9th Amendment to the US Constitution



You kind of suck at this. 




 I think it's amusing that your perfectly reasonable statement of fact garnered downvotes from people who couldn't come up with a reply. 




 The good is all on this side of the table. 









 And yet you evidently have the right to say infinitely stupid things... 




 I have to wonder if he used little hearts to dot all of the i's.  














 It's a new term coined by Bill Maher. 

If you hear them use it, you know you're debating someone willing to spring for HBO.  




 Harming animals is one of the items on the checklist for determining if someone is a psychopathic. 




 We must ban temporal bullets. 

For the children.  




 The problem is that there's no way for the system to stop someone who's suffering from undiagnosed mental illness.

Your name doesn't go into the NCICS prohibited persons list unless you've been involuntarily committed or legally adjudicated as mentally ill.

In the case of a lot of states, they don't even bother to report those people to the national-level organization responsible for maintaining the NCICS list, so in some cases even people who should have a record in NCICS don't, and are still able to buy guns. (The Virginia Tech shooter is one example of that particular systemic failure.) 




 That's not necessarily true.

There have been laws proposed that would put people on the NCICS prohibited persons list for having a mental illness diagnosis of any sort.

This, most notably, resulted in an outcry from people who believed it to be unfair that they would lose the ability to exercise a civil right for being stigmatized for seeking treatment for a mental disorder despite the fact that they were not violent.

 









 There have been some stories floating around about the companies that run private prisons donating to certain politicians/causes in order to pass more laws, harsher sentences, or opposing things like legalizing pot because it's seen as harming the prison company's bottom line. 




 IT'S ALL ABOUT MEEEEEEEEEEE.

Clearly the vapers are out to get you. 




 Claiming something is "a right" is the pseudointellectual's version of "think of the children." 




 The first picture accompanying the article sure does say a lot about this guy.  









 But John Morse promised these kinds of things wouldn't happen if we passed his shiny new gun control laws!  









 The Columbine shooters didn't wear body armor. 




 What's a P8?

 




 There's an entire weird category that could for under "children's books used to preach about my beliefs." 





























 A phrase often employed by the boring.

 




 Because they're able to think more than one step ahead and avail themselves of birth control, and/or take responsibility for their actions.

You're kind of dim, aren't you? 




 I already told you I voted for Udall.

Reading comprehension much? 




 How cute. You're totes adorbs. 




 [citation needed] 




 I guess I would care if karma mattered.

But it doesn't, and your sad little attempt to outgroup me with your sock puppets is really just hilarious. 




 You know, you'd think you'd take a little more pride in your insult craft.

You just kind of suck at it. 




 Who said anything about them not having access to birth control? 




 Good call. Have an upvote. 




 Funny you should mention that. 

I voted for Udall specifically because of his stance on abortion. 

After all, women who are conservative or libertarian are not as likely to have an abortion as women who are leftists. 

As a result, liberalized abortion laws and free or subsidized abortion can only work in the long-term favor of the pro-liberty outlook. 

:-)

In fact, since you have stumbled upon the notion of aborting your political adversaries before they can do you the disservice of saying things on Reddit that make you dispeptic, I've actually given you an upvote.

Congrats, Oscar! 

A winner is you! 




 Name calling. 

Way to take the high road! 




 ABORTIONS FOR ALL.  




 TIL that distributing a couple of measly press releases is "defending your privacy." 




 What I find hilarious is how the left honestly thinks we're to believe that someone who can't be troubled to acquire a state-issued ID is also someone who's likely to be a civic-minded and well-informed critical thinker. 

I mean, I'd  have more respect for you if you were just honest about the whole thing and admitted that you oppose voter ID laws because it makes voter fraud easier, and enables you to corral low-information voters who otherwise simply wouldn't bother to show up at the polls.  









 I think the time has come for Molly's family to put her in a rest home.  




 I suspect that all of the kids who were killed in drone strikes ordered by Obama would disagree with the claim that a vote can't be dangerous. 

But they can't, because they're dead.  




 That's true as far as it goes, but Udall's people have the phone number for the groups running those ads making him look stupid, and you'd think they'd be aware enough to put in a polite request to kindly refrain from making their candidate look like a clueless boob.  




 I never said I was a supporter of Gardner, the point is that Udall is a fucking lazy 1%er who thinks he can win by playing a single note as loud as possible.

Downvote if you agree! 




 Evidently it's enough of a concern for it to be laid out in the news (and regardless of whether you dislike Fox News, the points made in the article are perfectly relevant.)

Furthermore, even the Colorado Secretary of State has voiced concerns over voter-related shenanigans.

Of course, it's hilarious to see people like you claim that showing an ID to vote induces voter disenfranchisement, but you have no problem whatsoever not only forcing people to show an ID, but also to drive to specific locations, pay the modern equivalent of a poll tax, and fill out ridiculous amounts of paperwork just to loan a rifle to a buddy for a hunting trip.

The hypocrisy of the left never ceases to amuse me. It's like watching an idiot try to pass himself off as a neurosurgeon. 




 Yes, because nothing says "21st Century Tactical Relevance" quite like an argument advocating for the tactics employed in a war that started over a century and a half ago.

Current military leaders are constantly trying to guess what the next strategic threats are, and to prepare for a situation where they're not stuck fighting the next war with the last war's tactics and methodologies.

Not you, though. No. You want to fight the next war with the last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last war's tactics and methodologies because you think that putting a bayonet on your (I'm guessing here) surplus Mosin and/or SKS looks badass. 




 If you don't think the current system makes voter fraud easy to pull off, or likely, you're an idiot.



 




 In theory, it's fun to put a bayonet on a gun and strike a pose in front of the mirror with it.

But you should never, *ever* bring that up in public. It's embarrassing. 




 You *wish* you could fuck me.

The closest you'll ever get is the spite-jacking you'll give yourself while thinking of me tonight. 




 I love how you get all butthurt at the accusation that your precious wittle team bwue could ever be anything other than a flawless, unique and beautiful snowflake, but then follow it up with equivocation that essentially endorses the idea of committing voter fraud to win.

The depths of ethical hypocrisy to which people like you are willing to sink is hilarious.

Unable to actually win on anything of substance, you're forced to endorse outright fraud to get your way. It's like watching a toddler throw a temper tantrum. 




 Yawn.  




 When you can't win on actual campaign issues, blame the Koch brothers. 

God, it's hilarious how transparent and hackneyed leftist talking points have become. 

Frankly I'm amazed at the glut of credulous mouth breathers like yourself who are so happy to suck Udall's gold-plated 1%er cock.  




 LOL, trouble understanding how the mail works, Ashgar? 




 Thankfully, the party apparatus is happy to stuff the ballot boxes to make up for his poorly executed campaign.  




 If you need to be told this so close to election day, I'm not sure you're someone who should be voting.  




 As I understand it, what this would likely do is enable a workaround to the Hughes Amendment.

In order to buy an MG, you'd still be expected to file paperwork with the BATFE and pay the $200 tax. 




 This is a hilarious line of thinking from the someone who's an advocate for the party that believes in instituting a modern poll tax in order to exercise one's 2nd amendment rights.

The hypocrisy of the left is utterly hilarious, and the fact that people like you constantly wander around expecting to be taken seriously is, frankly, adorable.

If showing an ID to buy a gun isn't an infringement of one's gun rights, then showing an ID to vote isn't an infringement of voting rights.

If this post tweaked your over-developed sense of self-righteousness, feel free to downvote. 




 There's no need for you reasonable line of inquiry here.

I find it hilarious that the people who decry the very thought of showing an ID to vote are the exact same people who not only demand that you show an ID to buy a gun, but assume you're a criminal and have no compunction about forcing you to pay to jump through a Byzantine background check system under the threat of jail time.

The Democrats in this state are hypocrites of the first order, and the downvotes my post will garner only reinforce that fact. 




 Really,any of them are pretty great, but I'm partial to the Aimpoint Micro.

I think battery life for most of the Aimpoints is around 30k hours.  




 I guess monosyllabic words are more your style. 




 Wow, you really are sanctimonious. 




 Good for you, I guess. 

 




 This reads like the setup to a sketch from That Mitchell and Web Look.  




 "We hit you for your own own good."

-Colorado Democrats 




 "don't you stupid, ignorant redneck morons understand that we're going this for your own good?! YOUR OWN GOOD!"

The willingness of so-called progressives to jump up on the cross at the slightest provocation never ceases to be a source of entertainment.  




 Hopefully the voters will be heard. 

Unfortunately, there have been a number of incidents that serum to indicate some democrats are possibly engaging in voter fraud.  




 Being the only brand whore on the firing line with a magazine stamped with the HK logo.  




 It's kind of interesting. If you read the official reports on mass shootings, it becomes pretty apparent that magazine capacity is way down the list of things that have an impact on the outcome of such an event.  




 The ban wasn't overturned. The Federal court case held the ban as constitutional 









 http://m.imgur.com/r/familyguy/umKXQLx 









 Because people submit links to things, and sometimes they even submit links to things you might not like. 

In conclusion, here's a link to make you happy:

http://www.nationalenquirer.com/ 




 Everyone knows that Breitbart is a partisan source. 
 




 Alternate headline:

"Has-been film director pads his demo reel with tax deductible work for stupid political cause." 




 I love how you can practically see the author's cognitive dissonance in the words of the article.  




 That infographic is so old it wouldn't need to show an ID to buy a beer. 

It quite literally predates the shift to most states adopting liberalized concealed carry laws.  



















 What's it like being the king of person who doesn't know what he's talking about, yet holds forth add if he's a subject matter expert? 

Can you do an AMA on that topic for us?  




 Winner, winner, chicken dinner.  




 This has nothing whatsoever to do with addressing violent crime, and everything to do with radical gun control advocates pushing for policies designed to harass and intimidate gun owners.  




 Its already illegal to sell a gun to a prohibited person. Even without a UBC law, your scenario would play out pretty much the same, with both criminals going to jail. 

If you actually gave a shit about reducing gun crime, you'd actually make it easier for anyone to conduct a background check and simply allow anyone to submit a NICS request without forcing them to go through an FFL, or you'd mandate that government issued IDs should be conspicuously marked so that anyone can ascertain the legality of the purchaser at a glance in the same way that licenses are marked to easily tell if someone is of legal drinking age or not. 

Of course, as a supporter of gun control, you're completely  incapable of seeing gun owners as anything other than an adversary to mock and harass, so it wouldn't actually occur to you too treat then as anything other than untrustworthy potential criminals, rather than as people who have a vested interest in reducing violent crime, and who could be allies in achieving that goal.  




 Tl;dr: your stats can be right, but you can still use them to lie. 

This is one of my favorite tactics employed by the advocates of gun control because it's a very clever tactic of using a lie by omission in order to support the typical left-wing tactic of outgrouping those you dislike. 

It's actually quite clever, but I'll do my best to unpack their argument and point out the flaws. 

The thing you should take note of is that the article only talks about a decline in one thing: the rate of gun ownership. 

Nowhere does it mention a decline in the raw numbers of gun owners, and there's a very good reason for that: solo long as they stick to talking about rate, they're right. 

However, trying to claim a decline in raw numbers would be a lie. 

Let's break it down with a simple example. 

Let's say you have a town with a population of 100, and 45 of the people in that town are gun owners, which gives you a gun ownership rate of 45%.

In the next year, the town's population grows to 150, and the number of gun owners grows to a total of 60. If you run the numbers, you'll see that the town now has a gun ownership rate of 40%, which is a decline of 5%.

In the next year, let's say the town's population grows to 200, and the number of gun owners grows to a total of 70. Running the numbers, we find that gives us a gun ownership rate of 35%, yet another 5% drop from the previous year, and a whopping 10% drop from the first year! 

But if we look at the growth of just gun owners from year one to year three, we see that the number of gun owners have grown by 55.5%!

How can this be? 

Well, the overall population is almost always going to grow faster than any underlying sub group, whether that's gun owners, runners, or people into collecting Pokemon. 

For the overall rate of gun owners to show a positive rate of growth, it would be necessary for there to be a great percentage of new gun owners than new people, PLUS an added number of people on top of that too push the rate past equilibrium. That's pretty unlikely to happen, no matter what sub group you choose.  




 It's interesting that the ARS article notes that they first tried to sell the gun to civilians before realizing no one wanted it. 




 Looks like Shannon Watts finally got the memo from Mike Bloomberg telling her that social media campaigns and Facebook Likes are pretty worthless. 




 Barbados actually does disagree, and if you argue with him he'll actually stalk you in other subreddits.

Frankly, I have to wonder if his hatred for people who only wish to defend themselves is because he doesn't just engage in creepy stalking online... 




 Please explain how this law will stop one criminal from selling a gun to another criminal, or how it will stop a potential mass shooter who has a clean background check from buying a gun.

Thank you for your time, I look forward to your response. 




 Shush. The grownups are talking. 




 Vote your conscious, but realize that FiveThirtyEight has one of the best track records for predicting statistical outcomes in political races.

 




 Gun control isn't about safety.

It's about controlling the actions of the people that gun control advocates disagree with.

 




 Agree. This shotgun's only reason for existing is its own ostentatiousness. 

Frankly I'd be much more impressed with a shotgun that simplified the ability to execute a select-slug drill.  




 They'll probably sell like hot cakes to the same demographic that thinks the Taurus Judge is the best gun ever made.  




 Or inspired by one.

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0339840/ 




 What is with the radical opposition to background checks on this sub? I own a glock 19 and a 300blk SBR with a 762 sdn6,

Yeah, and I own a fully-functional A10 Warthog with "da switch."

To conclude:

http://m.imgur.com/NQHKSVE 




 No,but the facts that nearly every mass shooter successfully passed a background check, and no criminal will bother with mandatory background checks certainly do.  




 Can't wait to see the trolls here rush to the senator's defense. 




 http://m.quickmeme.com/img/71/71c3931c1edc4353a0c03ec549753b965872a2c343c09255617f4470cbd924ed.jpg 




 2edgy4me 




 I honestly don't know why. 

I just know that even if it were legal to still a gun to an ex-convict, I wouldn't simply because playing those odds is a sucker's bet.  




 Because the system operates on an in-built myth that incarceration equals rehabilitation. 

One need only look at the stats on recidivism rates to shatter that illusion.  




 You misspelled r/gunsarecool 




 All I'm saying is that if you know someone is a dirtbag with a history of violence, then perhaps you shouldn't sell them a gun. 

Likewise, I would not sell a car to someone with multiple DUI convictions or if I knew they regularly drove under the influence. 

Voluntarily refusing to sell something to someone isn't denying anyone their rights.  




 Assuming your information is correct, its completely possible for the general population to grow faster than the specific subset of the population that are gun owners.

As a result, it's quite possible that the numbers of gun owners to be growing, but the statistics would make that group appear to be shrinking because the population of gun owners is growing at a slower rate than the overall population.

There are plenty of other indicators that you're wrong as well. For instance, the numbers of people getting concealed carry licenses continue to grow, safety classes for first-time gun buyers are routinely filled to capacity, and new shooting ranges are being constructed at an explosive rate.

If the ranks of gun owners are shrinking, then you wouldn't see any of those things happening. 




 Rosie lost her mind years ago.

After all, this is the lady who dressed her kid up like a jihadi suicide bomber and put a video of it on the web. 




 You should care because you're an upstanding citizen who recognizes that enabling possibly violent people is a bad idea.

 




 Winner, winner, chicken dinner. 




 One way to get anidea about the person is to ask them to present a valid concealed carry permit.

If they've got a valid permit, it shows that they've successfully passed a criminal background check in the past and that they've got a clean criminal history.

Other than that, you can protect yourself by making it clear you'll be copying their driver's license for your records.

Also, most of the time you can judge someone by their behavior. If the other guy dresses like a dirtbag or acts shady in any way, don't go through with the sale. 




 It works for Toxoplasmosis, though that's a parasite, not a virus. 




 But if you just want to make stuff up, that's cool too, I guess.

I'm not making stuff up. Do you honestly think the average cop is going to be aware enough of the law that they're going to say "Oh, well, that's ok, because I'm a walking copy of "Black's Law Dictionary" and I'm completely aware of all of the exceptions."

No, of course not. They'll cuff you, and haul your ass in and let a judge determine if you were in violation of the law or not. 

"Entrap" does have a specific meaning that doesn't apply, here.

Fine. Harass will work just as well. That said, grammar pedantry is one of the laziest forms of trolling.

Lol. I just don't believe in the conventional pro-gun circle jerk group-think, is all. So, of course, any contrary (or contrarian) opinion must be an anti-gun troll.

Except you actually are a troll, as clearly evidenced by the fact that you consistently support idiotic things like a law that would make it a crime to fail to report a gun within an extremely short period of time.

Such laws, with no history of demonstrating measurable or significant decreases in violence, and being unenforceable against violent criminals who will simply flaunt it, serves only to act as a way to harass citizens who are only guilty of exercising a civil right.

Of course, if you actually aren't an anti-gun troll, you're certainly welcome to post links to demonstrate otherwise.

In conclusion, someone here *is* furiously jerking off, but it sure isn't me. 









 I can't see how this is "anti-gun", exactly, but

You leave town on vacation for two weeks. Unbeknownst to you, a criminal breaks into your home, compromises your safe and steals your guns on the first night you're out of town. 

You don't find out the guns are missing until after you return from your vacation, and upon reporting the stolen firearms to the police, you are arrested for failing to report the guns stolen within the 72 hour time frame. 

That is just the most obvious example of how such a law is clearly meant to harass and entrap legal gun owners. 

Your inability to see the inherent and obvious problems with such a law shows that you're clearly one of two things; an anti gun troll, or a blithering dipshit of the first order*.

*Or perhaps that choice is an illusion and I'm simply repeating myself.  




 This should be in /r/nottheonion 




 Consider getting a sleep study done to see if you suffer from sleep apnea  




 The gun lobby assures us kids are safe with guns. My son, when 11 years of age, could not avoid pointing a torch into the eyes of those around him. The idea he could avoid pointing a gun is absurd, Mr Browne said.

-Roland Browne, Gun Control Australia spokesman

Evidently Mr. Browne has done a phenomenal job of raising someone almost as obnoxious and stupid as himself.  




 GrC? 

People still read that sub? 

I mean, people other than Towely and his collection of sock puppets.  









 What's hilarious is that he exactly went on a mid-level rant where the whole subject was how he was sooooo much smarter than me. 

Frankly, I really think that CE, and his other sock puppet accounts are a compelling argument for tighter moderation of the sub. 

It's clear that these people aren't interested in honest discussion, so there's no need to give them a free place to roam.  




 Mmmm, Eric, your tears of sadness are so yummy and sweet!  




 Sample size of two. 

That's good science work, Lou! 




 IPSC. He was the son of a high-level competition shooter in a nation in the pacific rim.  




 Frankly, it's a sad reflection on who combat effective is as a person.

His posting history reveals him to be a wildly self-involved graboid with a superiority complex and a short temper, but then he thinks he can come in here and preach to all of us dumb ol' knuckle dragging retards about lead safety. 

What's hilarious is that he actually expects us to believe that his act actually comes from a place of sincere concern. 

For that reason, I hope he never goes away, because his ham-fisted attempts to outsmart a group of people he consistently underestimates is deeply funny.  




 Did you even read the article you posted?

They clearly stated that the people involved were not following proper lead mitigation protocols and that the range in question was poorly ventilated.


Perhaps if you're so concerned about these issues, you ought to do something about it, like volunteer at a local range with lead cleanup duties, teach a course on proper hygiene, or financially support the upgrade of ranges to use better ventilation and filtration systems. 




 Aww, look at you. Trying to push an agenda while wrapping yourself in a snuggly, warm blanket with "for the children" emblazoned on it.

Lead exposure from shooting is easy to mitigate by shooting at an outdoor range, or an indoor range with OSHA-compliant ventilation.

Other than that, following basic hygiene principles like washing your hands and refraining from eating while at the range will easily reduce lead exposure to safe levels.

Of course, if you've got proof of an epidemic of lead poisoning occurring among shooters involved with various junior programs, I'd certainly like to see it. 




 You mean the stats that show the use of guns for self defense far outweighs their use for crime? 

Already did.  




 This link is relevant to your confusion.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSEzGDzZ1dY 




 If you repeat a big lie often enough, people will believe it. 




 Shhhh. The grown ups are talking, dearie.  




 Then why do you want to make people less safe by disarming them, therefore putting them in danger of being victimized? 




 I think we should just ban the flame throwers that use Dilithium Crystals.  




 If they want to waste time passing bans on guns that can be categorized as imaginary, I'm all for it. 

Frankly, I think the time has come for us to also pass bans on guns that have been imbued with magical powers. 

After all, no decent citizen needs a gun imbued with the powers of Satan.  




 The interesting thing in the comparison between guns and cars is that far more people die in car accidents than are killed with a gun. 

If we take at face value the argument that guns are meant for killing, but cars aren't, shouldn't we be actually far *more* concerned that more people die from a machine that isn't meant to kill than from one that is?  




 Evidently Adam Baldwin is the one who coined the phrase.  




 You don't know that, and its always a numbers game. Again, when the NRA throws their weight behind a politician who has a less than stellar record on guns, they're essentially engaging in influence buying.

It's not going to work 100% of the time, but it will work far more often than supporting the ideological politician who is 100% progun, but who has little chance of actually winning.

In the case of a Romney presidency, even assuming Romney would have signed a new AWB, you can be sure that the same strategy would be applied on down the line from the most senior Republican senator to the most junior freshman Republican House Rep.

From a strategic standpoint, it will always be in the interest of the NRA to participate in political races and to back the most likely winners.

The game is the game. 




 This really does apply, given the shameful lack of funding for fusion research. 




 Thanks for illustrating my point far better than I ever could have.

Have an upvote!

Cheers! 




 The NRA is going to support the candidate who is
1.) Most likely to win.
2.) Support gun rights.

Romney was and is anti-gun, but there's a strategy to the NRA's support for him. The NRA has a lot of money to buy ads that are favorable to a candidate like Romney. They're also able to turn out a significant number of highly engaged voters during election time.

So, let's imagine if the election had turned out differently and Romney had actually beaten Obama:

A guy like Romney may be an outright psychopath and a gun grabber, but he's not stupid. Once the election is won, all of those millions of dollars in ad buys and millions of NRA votes are accounted for.

When a gun control law ends up on the President's desk, the NRA is going to have a little conversation along the lines of "Hey, Mitt, remember all those commercials we ran for you, and positive coverage we gave to you in our media outlets, and all of the NRA members who showed up at the polls for you? Well, we did you a solid, and now it's your turn to do us a solid and veto that bill."

Even though a guy like Romney doesn't care about gun rights or gun owners, all of the support given to him by the NRA makes for a compelling reason to veto any bills the NRA doesn't like.

And of course, there's always the implied threat. "Hey, Mitt, we supported you when you needed us, if you don't do the same, well, we'll make sure you can't win the next primary."

So, from that standpoint, it's much more advantageous for the NRA to strategically support candidates who are likely to win, even if they aren't the perfect pro-gun candidate, because their support buys a lot of influence and clout, and even if that candidate isn't a fan of gun rights, he's well aware of the fact that NRA support makes it easier for him to win elections.

TL;DR: It's better to support a winner you can negotiate with, than a loser who's completely on your side. 









 Then why do they never differentiate between lawful gun owners and criminals when drafting gun control laws? 

It's either as I describe, or, the only other option is that leftists are so utterly narcissistic that they actually believe they are likely to be victimized by lawful gun owners and feel the need to preemptively disarm them. 

One wonders what sort of things the left is up to if they subscribe to a paranoid belief that their behavior could get them shot by a mild-mannered non-criminal citizen.  









 tl;dr:
Progressive ideology is rooted in tearing down old institutions and reshaping society in new and novel ways. Progressives hate gun ownership because it represents longstanding traditions, and your responsible gun handling will not dissuade them from hating you. Progressives are willing to cover for extremist Islam because it's new and novel to them, and the fact that it's non-western automatically makes it better than modern western civilization.

As a result, leftists will happily act as ambassadors for extreme Islam because it's new and novel, but will never, ever willingly acknowledge that there are positives to gun ownership because it's old and western.

----------------------

"Progressives" will always hate gun owners, and it has nothing whatsoever to do with your safe gun handling and everything to do with the philosophical underpinnings of liberal ideology, many of which are informed by the ideals of Marxism (during much of the early 20th century) and Postmodernism (late 20th century to now).

Left wing philosophy is fundamentally built on the notion that those things which have existed in society for long periods of time are fundamentally flawed, and must be torn down and done away with to make way for ideas, laws, and culture that are novel and new.

Among progressives, an understanding of history or *why* things have been done a certain way is unimportant. What the philosophy boils down to is "new is always better."

You can see this in nearly all forms of left-wing thinking, from economics (tear down capitalism) to feminism (tear down "the patriarchy") to environmentalism (tear down modern society) and on and on. Note that the outcomes from many of these changes aren't necessarily bad in and of themselves.

As such, gun owners are representative of a longstanding civil rights tradition that is deeply intertwined with the founding of the country. As such, civil rights, as embodied by the Bill of Rights, are completely anathema to the ideals of progressivism, and given that gun rights are steeped in traditions that are embedded into the founding of this nation, the average progressive has nothing but loathing for anyone who chooses to own a gun, and outright hatred for those who choose to do so for reasons that they don't personally approve of. The fact that you are responsible with your firearms *just simply doesn't matter to them because what they hate is the fact that guns are a very old school representation of a society they want to change in fundamental ways.*

So, in a nutshell, this is why leftists fundamentally oppose gun ownership and will never, ever recognize or care about the 99.995% of all gun owners are safe and responsible.

So what about the left's apologist stance regarding Islamism?

Well, if your default philosophical outlook is informed by the Postmodernist belief that your entire society is wrong about pretty much everything all of the time, and Multiculturalism has trained you to believe that all societies are equal, and that you, as a westerner, cannot possess the ability to reasonably articulate or even form valid criticism of other cultures, it becomes very easy for you to look outside of your own culture to find novel ways to inform your motives for implementing change in your society. (Remember, Progressive ideology is founded on novelty-seeking behavior and largely assumes that new = good and old/established = bad.)

Criticism of Islamism is a perfect example of where modern leftist ideology goes astray. In Islamism, you have a culture that is deeply rooted in beliefs that are brutally violent, horrendously racist and misogynistic, deeply subservient to religious authority, and aggressively willing to stamp out open inquiry and reason. Despite all of these plainly obvious drawbacks, Progressives will refuse to criticize, or in many cases, even acknowledge these problems because extremist Multicultural ideals have conditioned them to believe that criticizing other cultures is racist or can only flow from a place of western ignorance.

Because Islamism is foreign and strange to a westerner, it has the appearance of being novel and new to progressives, and since new always = better, you end up in a situation where supposedly forward-thinking intellectual types willingly act as apologists for a brutally violent and backward ideology. 




 $1 million/per year is couch cushion change to the DoD. 




 If there were any legitimacy to psychic phenomena for military intelligence applications, there would be zero need to spend trillions of dollars on drones, spy satellites, clandestine operations, and cyber warfare.

As it is, in the 1970s and 1980s, the DoD threw a paltry sum of money at at a few "free thinkers" just in case they were on to something.

They weren't.

For more information read the book "The Men Who Stare At Goats" or watch the movie based on the book. 




 If you're afraid of fluoride in the tap water, drink bottled water or filter your own.

Also, they put iodine in table salt, which is probably specifically for enhancing the mind control effects of the chemicals that are dispersed via airplane chemtrails. 




 A looney acquaintance of mine thinks vaccines don't do anything, but has continually claimed she doesn't understand people being upset about Ebola because, and I quote "there are homeopathic cures for Ebola."

 




 Not sure if this is an unfunny attempt at satire, or if this guy is just homeless. 




 You seem so smart. 

I'm surprised that my inquiry confuses you so.
 




 Are you this self-important and boring in real life, too? 




 I'm an atheist and I implied nothing of the sort.

Perhaps, in the future, you should stow your sense of smug self-righteousness and use of ham-fisted stereotypes. 




  Its been proven that looking at natural things, mainly trees somehow restores attention, you can focus better. This is also applied to stress reductiuon as the two is pretty connected.

This seems pretty obvious.

After all, who wouldn't opt to sit on a rock on the side of a mountain and watch a sunset vs. sitting in a grey and beige cubicle lit with cheap fluorescent bulbs. 




 There will always be a buck to be made in telling people comforting things that they want to believe. 




 Baking soda can be used to attenuate blood acidity, or acidosis. It gets included in a lot of workout supplements because it has some ability to mitigate "the burn" felt from intense exercise.

It's notable that the article doesn't mention the downsides to taking baking soda, which can politely be described as gastrointestinal distress, or more graphically described as inducing diarrhea and vomiting.

It can also cause problems for people with hypertension or those prone to panic attacks.

I suppose its something that might conceivably be used as part of a cancer treatment, if acidosis is a symptom or side effect of cancer or chemotherapy, but that's speculation on my part, and the author's claims that it's some kind of miracle cure are downright criminal.

If you're bored and want to read up on baking soda, then go here for all the fun you can possibly handle:

http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/ 




 To be fair, you did ask him to prove a negative, which is impossible.  




 No problem. Examine.com is one of the best resources I've found for reading up on various supplements. 

Their approach seems very rational, and the process is pretty transparent.  




 Security might frown on that.  :-/ 




 Evidently its not completely theplacebo effect, but the effectiveness has been over stated.

http://examine.com/supplements/Glucosamine/ 




 I should have known... 




 For those of you who supplement more than once a day, how do you carry your supplements with you, especially if you take any of them while at work.

Thanks! 




 I know it sounds kind of douchey, but can we get a TL;DR?

What do phytochemicals do? 




 The Makarov is a pistol that utilizes a straight blowback design to cycle the gun.

As a result of the design, there are no Makarovs that use 9x19mm as the cartridge generates too much pressure to safely use a straight blowback operating system. Also, despite the fact that both 9x18 Makarov and 9x19mm are ostensibly 9mm cartridges, there actually is a difference in the diameter of the bullets (.365 caliber vs. .355 caliber.)

Years ago, I read a magazine article where they attempted to fire 9x19mm through a Makarov with some unpleasant side effects, including a tremendous amount of felt recoil and the brass being battered to death. The authors explicitly stated that shooting 9x19 in a Makarov was a bad idea.

There were a number of Maks that were made to fire .380ACP, however, and these can sometimes be found on the secondary market. 




 But it isn't and you're the only person who cares to argue that something that doesn't actually reduce noise should be regulated as a suppressor.

:-( 




 And yet, despite the fact that you like to tell people just how very, very smart you are, you're  evidently incapable of telling the difference between something that could be made into a suppressor (by filing the right paperwork and ordering the parts) and an actual suppressor.

Hint: an actual suppressor measurably reduces the sound signature of a firearm. 




 You obviously know nothing about firearms because the difference between a muzzle brake and a suppressor is about the same as the difference between Carbon and Sarin. 




 Yeah, I only took the sodium bicarbonate the one time. The results were unpleasant enough that I'm not going to do that again.

For awhile I was wondering if the Yohimbine or the EGCG were causing me nausea in the morning. I've cycled off of the Yohimbine for a couple of weeks, and have noticed that I'll get nausea from the EGCG, but only on an empty stomach. If I drink a protein shake or eat a spoonful or two of peanut butter, I feel fine. 




 When they can't go after guns directly, they go after magazines, ammunition, ranges and training. 




 Biden seems to do a fine job of shooting himself in the foot with alarming regularity, and he doesn't even need a gun. 




 According to Wikipedia, the molecular formula for Sarin is C4H10FO2P.

If you want to ban the chemical precursors of Sarin nerve gas, you're going to have to throw everyone in jail who has in their possession any of the following: carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, flourine, or phosphorous.

Given that all humans are carbon-based life forms, that right there should be enough to trip your "imprison anyone with a precursor for Sarin" law.

God forbid they want to drink a glass of water. The average glass of water has both Hydrogen and Oxygen, and in many places, Flouride (an anion of Flourine.) In your world, you'd be calling out the bomb disposal squad and breathless media reporters every time anyone got the least bit parched.

Of course, I guess you'll have to throw all farmers in jail, since Phosphorus is a common ingredient in fertilizer, to say nothing of it's myriad industrial applications, and the fact that it's present in practically all matches.


In short, I'd like you to answer one question:

What's it like being so cretinously stupid?

Was your stupidity an impediment to learning how to type, or breathe without mechanical assistance? 














 They forgot to disable voting on that ad. 




 If you're old enough to type, but don't know the answer to that inquiry, you're either the sort of sorry sociopath who would rape someone, or a thoroughly empty headed left wing nitwit.   




 Tell that to Washington DC. The law there defines any hand gun capable of holding more than ten rounds as being a machine gun.  




 the "yo, fuck this guy" was aimed at the subject of the news story who thought it was a good idea to go around town openly strapped without obtaining any training or putting any actual thought into why he was doing what he was doing.

But now that I look at /u/jayjay59's post history, fuck him, too.  




 You used to be able to get surplus 1911s throught the CMP, but they killed distribution of pistols via the CMP sometime in the 1960s. 




 Yo, fuck this guy. 




 I realize that you're an idiot, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't project your stupidity on me.

Of course there are forms of rape that don't involve direct physical violence or the threat of violence; drugging someone or taking advantage of someone who's drunk themselves into a stupor are clearly two examples of this.

But you must be completely touched in the head if you think that you can change the behavior of the kind of psychopath who'd rape a blackout drunk college coed by forcing them to sit through a 60-slide Power Point presentation that outlines the do's and don'ts of when it's ok to stick your dick in someone.

The kind of morals that will prevent someone from taking advantage of another person in such a situation get laid down and reinforced in childhood. Of course, leftist idiots in this country have done everything they can to disassemble the notion of instilling morals and ethical behavior into children, and then they get all butthurt 20 years later when their idiotic methodologies lead to 20-something dudebros who don't have any ethical problems with rape.

Of course, that's all fine and dandy so long as someone can get a financial grant to go out and show the aforementioned slide deck to the aforementioned dudebros, isn't it? 




 Who are the people who think you need to attend a class to learn that rape is bad?

Seriously, what the fuck have you been smoking? 

If you don't know that you shouldn't assault someone, sexually or otherwise, by the time you've reached adulthood, you deserve to get shot for trying to initiate violence against someone. 

Jesus, the whole "we need to teach men not to rape", like you're trying to housebreak a particularly recalcitrant puppy, line of thinking is not only idiotic, it's an insult to the intelligence of all upstanding and moral men and women everywhere.  









 His problem is that he was able to build a fairly broad base of support as a folksy moderate Democrat who was pro-business and pro-energy development.

Even the most partisan tea party types grudgingly tolerated him.

It's been all down hill for him since the gun thing started, and his actions regarding the Nathan Dunlop case, lying to the sheriffs, and backtracking on legalizing weed haven't won him any friends.

His problem seems to be that he's trying to please DNC political party bosses to cement his next political career move, and in the process he's managed to piss off everyone from gun owners and law enforcement to pot heads and environmentalists.

Now that people are out to play political hardball because they no longer view Hick favorably, he doesn't know what to do, and his poor choices continue to compound. 














 When they can't go after guns directly, they go after ranges, ammunition, and training.  









 If you take the "no compromise" stance, you'll never win even a partial victory. 

The FOPA was pretty much the only 2nd Amendment victory from the Reconstruction era until 2004, and without it, you would be unable to order bulk ammo online, purchase ammo art a retail shop without signing a registry, buy long guns in adjoining states, or have legal protections when traveling with firearms. 

FOPA also managed to reign in some of the more egregious behaviors of the ATF as well.  




 The 86 ban was tacked on by a NJ Democrat to The Firearms Owner Protection Act late at night via a super shady voice vote. 

It was signed into law because the rest of FOPA had some really necessary legislation in it, and they would have had to throw the whole thing out over the MG cap.  




 Shonda Rhimes makes shit tv shows, and it doesn't surprise me that she'd try to push a political belief on her viewers. 









 Once upon a time, I thought that the NRA's rhetoric was harsh and inflammatory. 

Turns out I was wrong.

What's actually harsh and inflammatory is the mainstream media's reaction to anything the NRA says or does, no matter how benign. 

Frankly, now, when I see some idiot having a public freak out about the NRA, it just makes me chuckle. 

All it does is show that the NRA lives rent-free in the heads of these hateful bigots. 



















 Clearly we must ban knowledge of machining techniques and use of tools. 

For the children.  




 You heard right.  




 From all of the times gun control advocates have tried to shut down training courses held at commercial venues, attempted to have instructors thrown out simply for being NRA-certified, and your movement's attempt to have shooting ranges closed down for completely asinine reasons.  




 LOL!  




 Wired is owned by Conde Naste, a publishing conglomerate out of NYC. 

What else would you expect?  









 As relevant today as when it was released.

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KlvUz6phquo 




 It's hilarious.

And tragic.

But mostly hilarious. 




 COMPROMISE! 
























