





























 Fan diddley tastic 




 Thanks :) me too 





























 Thanks for the comments. I think it may be the stained glass piece that came from the music hall 




 lol Motionblur!
 





























 I can understand your position. .and can also see that you are missing my point. 




 Great work, I'm hoping to get to Detroit still this year 




 Bah...I just think its dumb when I state that I don't wish to share a location in my own post and some twit decides to ignore my wishes and drop names.

I do agree...let them get in and caught..if you get caught you're not doing it right.

Thanks for the comment...great flickr feed btw!  




 The story will come with the additional pics I share, have you seen the amount of dicks that are spray painted on the walls in there and all the other idiotic graffiti?  How does that make you feel as a local?

If I can help keep a few idiots out of the place by keeping it a secret than I've done my job.  Any legitimate urban explorer who knows how to do research can figure out where this is and plan their visit - there is no need to name drop locations - you just put them even more at risk. 




 ok ok maybe I overreacted!
 




 Wow - you've got some nerve. 




 Certainly! 




 Sorry, don't give out locations 



























































 hahahaha 17 up votes and 17 downvotes!!

Toronto loves and hates bird shots! 




 wow, you guys have taught me more about the Warbler in 6 hours than I have learned in my entire life!!!!!  haha

Thanks :) 




 Great idea!!

www.freaktography.ca

 




 woo hoo! 




 it was weird...he just stood there :( 




 I knew they wouldn't do anything for a little bird, so I gently moved him over to the side so as to not get stepped on or picked up by a dog out on a walk 
























 I post a story about a (now) abandoned home in an "urban exploring" section of reddit...and you guys are complaining about trespassing and B E??  

You guys are in the wrong section if you're whining about those two things here... 














 very cool! 




 haha...I love the downvotes...like who downvotes a nice simple photo of an empty baseball park!! 




 Thanks alll! 




 hahahaha nice! 




 lol hahahah 


































 very cool 














 arent you a witty one :P 




 hahaha funny guyeteria 




 amazing! 




 This was taken at the Hyatt Boston Harbor - excellent views of the city from across the harbor! 




 well, up until about 2 weeks ago there was a gaping hole at the back where they were doing demo...but I hear they have since closed up any and all holes...so you're out of luck :( 




 Camera 	Nikon D3200
Exposure 	25
Aperture 	f/5.6
Focal Length 	18 mm
ISO Speed 	200

:) 









 Oh Chippah.. 




 Three Dee, the guy was actually sleeping..as the story goes.  He woke up and realized what had happened and his quote is How far away must one sit to be safe in this park?" lol 









 ugh...that gave me shivers 









 Very cool find 
























 lol - there is lots in the area 




 true! 




 It's hit and miss really!  Luck and timing 




 EASY AS PIE! 




 THANK YOU! 




 Nope :( NY 




 Thanks!!! 




 apologies, thanks for letting me know 




 excellent!!  very cool 
























 lololo, Great Comment, thanks 




 Thanks!! 




 Excellent shot 




 Check out my website, [train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca) recently launched.  Lots of pics of Urban Exploring and Rooftopping with some Street Photography and a blog of my explores!!

Thanks

[train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca)

 




 lol. nope! 









 Thanks! 












































 This is killer! 














 Lol 







































 excellent!!  well done and great location 




 very cool 












































 Oh shit - sorry I didn't realize I had already posted this specific shot.  After the popularity of yesterdays post I wanted to share more of the place.

My bad - wasn't intentional
 



















 My set is called "When the Music's Over" from The Doors song.  I've named the set that because the woman who lived here had a vast music collection as well as a number of instruments and an amazing old Gramophone 




 Yup - that's what I did, then I put it all back where I found it 



















 I've thought about that - but what causes most dust?  Human tissue, hair etc - this home has none of that anymore and nothing to stir it up.  Aside from a small hole in the roof in one room, this house is sealed up from any elements
 




 It's well sealed and preserved and has only been visited by a handful of people 




 Thanks :) 




 ah did! 




 I did :P They are eating this up! 




 thats very cool! 




 same 




 hah there is, and they're all over it!

http://www.reddit.com/r/wicked_edge/ 




 Many other pics here

http://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157637596393633/

or here

https://www.facebook.com/train_subject246

I am updating new pics every day

 




 yes - i did stage the shot to show the cool items that I found, then I put them all back! 




 sorry dude :P 




 I've been trying to piece it all together. Pretty sure the man of the house died in the late 90's and the house has been abandoned about 13 years. Most of the oldest shit was upstairs, lots of old stuff downstairs too though! 




 haha 




 I know I know!! 




 They are fake plants - green yes...but fake 

















































 Thank you. 




 Just me and a friend 




 Empty walls is from the large white house that I over processed 




 Didn't catch the brand but its acoustic 




 Sorry rather not say 




 By luck! 




 I found two of those KFC piggy banks in there!!  That's some old shit! 




 I thought the same thing - then I checked and it;s just a door to a hallway that leads from the kitchen :( 




 Thanks!!!! 




 Your roommates would be lots of raccoons and you would be picking raccoon shit for months - it's everywhere!!! 




 I'm certainly considering it - while it's not up to me to bring the family back in touch with what's rightfully theirs - I kind of want to.

There is an early 20th century turntable in there, the kind with the big wind up arm on the side - easily worth a mint! 




 It was incredibly sad and we never knew what was next, what was around the corner or what was inside a drawer! 







































 Genesee Road just south of hwy 219 




 hahaha thanks!  It caught your eye right?? 




 Not a touch of HDR in this shot 
























 Milton Ontario 




 Milton Ontario 




 I dont know what that says.....but thanks :) 







































 Thanks PenName, appreciate the feedback this is how I am able to learn and improve.   

















































 Thanks everyone! 




 Thank You! 




 Thanks all! 




 Thanks all! 

















































 nope...New York 





























 Thisaintnoparty - I was planning to hit that one too, but I noticed a camera pointing right in the area where I would have walked by when inside 




 yes, that's correct Canadave

ISTFM - you gotta be sneaky! 







































 Nope, that's a raw file with some tweaks to colour, shadows etc - no fancy edits to this one. 
























 It was around 1995 when it closed and hell yes - definitely wore a good respirator for this one!! 




 1995ish 






















































 Thanks for the comment.yes there's many features in these old places that would look great in a home 



























































 Thanks. It was a great night...cold as shit when I was facing the lake...but still a great time 




 This the standard Nikon kit lens 




 This is pretty much right off my chip except for some subtle tweaks to colours. That's the great thing about long exposure. .you don't need much edits if done right. 




 Great shot, that's actually the same one I was on - the shorter of the two, right?  I was trying to get onto the taller one but the stairwell I found ended up being the smaller one - on my way down I found where I should have gone!  Oh well, maybe next time! 




 "The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself"  :P 




 Thank You!!! 




 one of them, yes :P 




 Downtown Toronto  




 I prefer to keep them as secret as I can to preserve them for others to enjoy 





























 Yes, I have been through the entire property except for up the main terminal 




 thank you 




 Its fake 




 Thanks! 




 I was in here for over 4 hours when I took these photos and I really didn't even scratch the surface.  There were dozens upon dozens of old photo albums and personal items.  There were so many rooms and closets and cubbys that it would literally take a week to enjoy it all and take it all in..

As for napping - the house is now infested with Raccoons and the whole house is covered in raccoon feces......so I'll leave that with you to consider :P 



















 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 Thanks, this is from a Nikon d3200, just subtle edits to tones really - nothing much, 
































































 It's a cat.  I've seen it since and now all the fur is gone - it is most definitely a cat.  I though the same thing up until I saw it again. 




 someone's gotta do it :P 
































































 Great work as always! 




 It's either flickr or how I processed it.  I tried some different stuff here 
























 It's a play on words grumpelstilsken!!  The statue is a bird! 





























 Thanks. I do appreciate comments like this. Its a constant reminder to pay attention to the details
 




 Hahaha 




 no, from right up on the roof! 




 thanks for the clarification, I had no idea! 




 Thanks all - I had no idea that a "grotesque" existed! 




 hahah I keep getting corrected on that, I had no idea! 




 Thanks, I had no idea!  cool! 





























 You're just grumpy! 






















































 haha thanks! 




 canada :P 




 hell ya 




 well thanks! 









 you win an upvote! 




 hah thanks! 




 hah ya it is, I wanted to unscrew the bulb!! 
























 yes its being restored...we part of it is! 




 smarty pants! 




 see below! 




 Ya You Do! 




 Thank YOU for viewing! 




 patience!!! 




 wow, great detail and future outlook,  thanks for sharing 
























 thanks for the feedback! 




 ya!!!!   












































 Ya I already posted it - i'm a dumbass!!!

my badz 



















 Its location is only known by few 
























 love finding places with old pillars!! 




 thanks! 




 aint it tho! 




 woot! 


































 nice! 




 excellent 
























 spencer smith park 




 coburg 




 lol 




 lol then you hate me!!  this is real :) 




 Thank you~ 














 Thanks! I took this at the end of September 










































































 there you go mofo! 



























































 The Morgue! 
























 its in ontario canada 












































 toronto, not the one you may be thinking off the qew 






















































 this was pretty recent, so if you have a chance you should go for it :) 





























 thanks 




 www.facebook.com/train_subject246 there's lots more there! 




 hah why not? 

















































 you have no idea!!  lol

we literally spent an entire day! 




 noooooope 




 you just gotta do it! 




 Its a dangerous place to be alone, but I would love to do that some time.  We spent just over 7 hours inside, unfortunately no film sets though 




 you are correct 

















































 Thank You, this night the Northern Lights were supposed to be viewable in Ontario - but not in Toronto that's for sure! 




 I really don't care about the downvotes or people like "lilfunky1" and their negative comments! I'm just happy to supply new fresh content and give people something to enjoy for a second or two!

Thanks for your comment! 




 1 - Really? Is that all I post?
http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject246/?count=25 after=t1_ceoenas

2 - Great, are you glad to have pointed that out? 




 hah thanks!  This toronto sub is a tough crowd to please! 




 I sure did! 


































 Well isn't that nice :P 


































 It's in Buffalo, not fully abandoned.  You can get a tour of the main building but you have to find your own way into the rest of the buildings 


































 Yes we did, we placed everything back after.  I don't always do set up shots this elaborate, I normally just shoot as I find it, but sometimes it's good to a have a little bit of fun!! 




 Hi, I don't batch edit, I do one pic at a time. I will eventually post more from this place 




 Set of three fun themed shots here

http://imgur.com/a/2bole 



















 lolol 




 No - I post a picture a day, from a variety of locations.  They might be from the same place a few days in a row, or they may not.

My only error here is adding links in my descriptors. 




 seems 128 upvoters don't seem to mind that I happen to have a link in my post on imgur.

regardless, I won't add that link in future posts. 




 me to, lots of emotions and thoughts when exploring! 




 I'm not in it for the stuff, I have seen some incredibly valuable stuff in these places and it has taken some serious will power to not take some of it! 




 you reddit people sure are miserable crusty mother fuckers 




 Lady died earlier this year. Looked like the family took what they wanted and left the rest behind and the house is in an area of future development so will likely be demo'd 




 stay tuned :) 




 haha, we set up the shot with shit we found around the house 



















 it sure can 




 this was in january this year 




 thanks! 




 wow thank you! 





























 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157643791700635/ 




 wrong 




 Thank You 


































 what does that even mean??  sorry I don't speak reddit 





























 look for a building
go to the top
push door
 - if locked, leave and find another one
 - if not locked - go outside!!!

Rule - don't fall!! 




 Me...if it's locked, I go and find another building 




 Some are locked, some are not - it's hit and miss 




 It's hit and miss, many buildings have locked roof access, some don't however, most hate two or more stairwells so if the first one doesn't provide access - try the next one. 




 good eye! 




 Do you say that every time you see someone take a photo of a bird, or flowers or nature? Do you say that when people take photos of children?

Give me a break,, its a genre just like those i mention above 




 lolol good one!!! 




 there it is!!!! 




 for the love of Pete! 


































 I wanna say you're wrong...

but you're not - you are right!!! 




 Thank You! 
























 You's a smart one Crazy Monkey!!!!!! 




 You really are the smartest!!! 




 negatory 


































 My fav shot of the year

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15574342528/in/photostream/lightbox/ 




 I would have to say this one, because it's outside of my usual genre or decay/urban exploring

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15574342528/in/photostream/lightbox/ 
























 No, Burlington. 




 I agree! 




 Great Place! 




 Nice, thanks!  This place is seriously messed up. 
























 si! 




 Canada 




 nope, its in Ontario Canada :( 
























 yes! 




 cool find!! 




 niiice! 




 great stuff 




 great work 




 very nice 




 love this place 




 awesome! 




 Yep. You probably did 




 I dont plan to 












































 wow, sorry to hear! 




 this is cool! 




 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157642290947723/ 




 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157642290947723/ 




 somewhere in Hamilton area - dont remember where tho :( 




 I found it in an abandoned house 





























 It's a pretty good camera, it was dark as shit up there, this is a 30 second exposure.  Had a great time shooting this late at night 




 its being renovated now actually 




 no, in canada 




 no Canada 




 ontario canada 




 indeed! 
























 It's hard to say, definitely old-ass shit! 




 this is taste - but certainly applies to smell as well!

I have a second image in the taste category here:
https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 
























 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157649839698477/

Three are here, more to come tomorrow and Friday 



















 tomorrow 
























 Thank you, I just subscribed and will start to contribute! 




 This is fun, great way to utilize my photographs!!  Glad I came across this! 




 Wow thank you! Its only got a few simple tweaks in Lightroom 




 this is only sight, taste will come 
























 Nope.  I crawled out of that hole long ago 




 hahahaha 




 oh..and Thank you!! 




 Hey!  Yes I am, I shoot with a Nikon D3200 and I am currently in an exclusive wide angle phase with my Sigma 10-20.

I post in lightroom, very minor tweaks to clarity, sharpness, highlights etc.

Tripod Mount
ISO 100
F.13
Shutter .5

 




 hahah what is this natural light stuff I dont know about?? 





























 Thank you my man!! 




 Hey!  Thanks for posting 




















































































 lol 




 Indeed! 




 Thanks!! 




 Hey. Not on me, no. I have some unedited shots at home.  Do you have a Facebook or flickr where you post your stuff? 




 Thanks, I haven't done any edits yet but I will have more eventually 




 yes, in london somewhere, not sure where though 




 thanks 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 london 




 thank you 




 Thank you, Nikon d3200 and sigma 10-20 
























 lol Witty McGhee! 




 nah 




 because I posted another pic of it last week, called it a piano and reddit people tore me a new asshole!!! lol

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15959978438/ 




 yes, here https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15959978438/ 




 lol 




 i love you guys!! 




















































































 Yes. The garage was buried in a corner and the cars in a box. I couldn't pass up the opportunity to put it all together!  




 It was very flimsy and in rough shape! 




 Cool cool,  good to see you here! I figured this sub was fitting to post on! 




 No clue of the story but i found the pic and the find very fitting for a Christmas post 




 Very cool 




 Hahahaha nice 




 Was a very cool find 




 Hell ya 




 Before...it was buried in a corner and the cars were in a box 




 Woot 




 Thanks! 




 And the mystery is solved!!! Thanks 




 Thanks so much! 




 Good question! I've always thought retro meant old shit! 




 Oh..and it's "because" not "cos" 




 Good Morning Miserable Scrooge and Merry Christmas

The tin garage was buried beneath layers of boxes and other junk and the toy cars were in a separate box, I (and many others who have seen this photo) enjoyed seeing it put together and it brought back a lot of memories for many.

After I set this up I tore it back down and put everything back where it was.

So now what are you going to say? 


































 Good grief.



 




 YOU GUYS ARE KILLING ME :p 




 The living room of this house

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16079265945/

I haven't got the other pics here with me but I will be posting more in the coming weeks 




 Love it 




 Very Cool 




 Solid! 




 whoomp there it is!!!

Thanks man, appreciated 




 That's exactly right! 




 I don't batch process and mass upload - one pic a day 




 yes and I really hoped that the house had power, I wanted to play some of the records 




 It's a theme we have going in some sets, an ongoing post apocalyptic thing.  I don't expect everyone to understand :P 




 I'm used to comments like yours, no worries.  I come across all kinds of weird shit..I can assure you this place has been abandoned some time - the basement was entirely flooded and most every room was empty 




 hahaha thank you!!! 




 Thank You! 




 It's christmas time  and there was lots of holiday themed stuff and a great looking kitchen table, so we set it all up as it might have looked! 




 Ontario Canada 




 It was pretty empty except for a few rooms, but the few rooms had some cool shit! 






















































 yes, it's just closed within the last few months and they are still auctioning off the contents. 




 hahaha 




 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157650462291838/ 




 I know - i get lazy!

 



















 Adding more pics tomorrow.

It's in Ontario Canada 




 More pics here
https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157650462291838/

(had to repost, my original post was deleted as it had 2 pics...I broke the rules :( ) 









 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157650462291838/ 














 hahaha good one!! 




 http://imgur.com/a/sJRb3 




 if I could the the zombie sound here that's what I would do! 




 ha ha ha 




 It smells like I can feel it :P 




 vacated - not yet abandoned 

















































 TO Police have been running a file on rooftoppers for a while, complete with aliases, pictures etc.  I suspect this was part of a larger thing in which police advised security companies to arrest anyone they caught in order to assist their investigation.

I was busted at Trump in Toronto in the summer and it was not a pleasant experience - luckily I got off with a trespass fine and thats all.  Same cant be said for one of the others who was carrying a bolt cutter - I had no idea.

I may be entirely wrong about my assessment, either way it's probably not their first arrest! 




 lol, right??  Irony 




 www.freaktography.ca or www.facebook.com/freaktography 




 Thank you for posting! 




 I'm sorry /u/mapetitechoux- do you care to elaborate??  I did not find the house, nor did I ever claim to - but I did most certainly find the bag of cash. 




 abandoned since the 80's 




 hah - this is making so many people sad!!!  I'm sorry!! 




 inded 




 right? 




 hahahaha 




 well it is 



















 close - but not quite!! 




 http://www.freaktography.ca/abandoned-time-capsule.html 




 http://www.freaktography.ca/abandoned-time-capsule.html 




 lol poorly made high school project 




 it likes you back!! 




 Husband died, then wife died - she then willed the home to her church instead of her daughter, which caused an estate legal process in which everyone forgot to check in on the house. 




 I dont think so, battery probably died long ago 




 this house was a library - so many books!! 




 thank you 




 This is not even the tip of the tip of the iceburg of things left behind in this house..

http://www.freaktography.ca/abandoned-time-capsule.html 




 no, I don't think that would work :P 




 lol 




 both :P 



















 The quality really is shit - my originals are really nothing like what they posted!! 




 Thanks, I appreciate the sentiment! 




 lol 



















 It seems that I have stirred up quite the healthy and passionate debate on the definition of "Abandoned" and the legalities of photographing abandoned places.

Yesterday, I allowed a story to be published in the Daily Mail about a home my friend and I explored in 2013 (we did not discover this house), a remarkable home that is a true time capsule. For whatever reason, whoever owns this house has "abandoned" it - meaning no one is caring for it, no one has stopped in to check on things, and whoever the last person out the door was - well they forgot to lock the door too. 

It was eventually and inevitably discovered by those who seek to photograph decay and abandonment and it has been the topic of much discussion, debate and turmoil. It turns out that the home was willed to the church of the woman who lived there, and not to her daughter, causing some kind of legal battle. That would mean this home is in fact, not abandoned. Or does it? 

Does any of this give anyone the right to enter it and photograph it....? No. However, had a handful of explorers not done such a thing, the treasures found in this house would have likely fallen into an even further state of decay.

The owner of a well known website contacted the elderly daughter and (much to the chagrin of many), the house has now been sealed and the valuable contents have been saved and boxed up. Had it not been for this group of "trespassers" this home and its contents would have been lost to time.

Everyone has an opinion, and they are entitled to that - I stand behind my decision to a) enter and photograph this house b) tell the fascinating story and show the world what can happen when your families treasures are not properly cared for once someone has passed on.

Thank you all for fueling such great debate on this subject
-train_subject246 




 Hey All

Lets get things right

1 - I did not discover the house: this guy did https://www.facebook.com/LeftAheadPhotography 

2 - I asked the DM to remove any reference to me "discovering" the house 

3 - I also told them the house was abandoned in the 80's - not the 60's but they didn't make then change

It's been fun watching all of the reactions to this story, I love the many opinions and debates for and against it!!

I posted this last night on my facebook page

"It seems that I have stirred up quite the healthy and passionate debate on the definition of "Abandoned" and the legalities of photographing abandoned places.

Today, I allowed a story to be published in the Daily Mail about a home RiddimRyder and I explored in 2013 (we did not discover this house), a remarkable home that is a true time capsule. For whatever reason, whoever owns this house has "abandoned" it - meaning no one is caring for it, no one has stopped in to check on things, and whoever the last person out the door was - well they forgot to lock the door too. 

It was eventually and inevitably discovered by those who seek to photograph decay and abandonment and it has been the topic of much discussion, debate and turmoil. It turns out that the home was willed to the church of the woman who lived there, and not to her daughter, causing some kind of legal battle. That would mean this home is in fact, not abandoned. Or does it? 

Does any of this give anyone the right to enter it and photograph it....? No. However, had a handful of explorers not done such a thing, the treasures found in this house would have likely fallen into an even further state of decay.

The owner of a well known website contacted the elderly daughter and (much to the chagrin of many), the house has now been sealed and the valuable contents have been saved and boxed up. Had it not been for this group of "trespassers" this home and its contents would have been lost to time.

Everyone has an opinion, and they are entitled to that - I stand behind my decision to a) enter and photograph this house b) tell the fascinating story and show the world what can happen when your families treasures are not properly cared for once someone has passed on."

-train_subject246
 




 Sluethy McSleuthenstein!! 




 lol 




 ya man - watching how hateful and angry people are is fun~!

Life's too short for these people!!!! 




 you have internet issues 




 Lets get things right

1 - I did not discover the house: this guy did https://www.facebook.com/LeftAheadPhotography
2 - I asked the DM to remove any reference to me "discovering" the house
3 - I also told them the house was abandoned in the 80's - not the 60's but they didn't make then change

You people are all very angry!!!!

-train_subject246 



















 Thanks my man! 
























 Thanks!  I have 4 shots here and I will be adding more as I work through the shots

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157649955731669/

 



























































 lol 




 Damn - that was supposed to read "Years of Scratches" :( 




 Damn - that was supposed to read "Years of Scratches" :( 




 Damn - that was supposed to read "Years of Scratches" :( 



















 Thank You! 












































 hahahaha thanks, I think! 




 Thank You!  That's one groovy username you have!! :P 




 I wish I knew! 




 How's this :)

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/9083509447/in/set-72157632233558836 




 Haha i know i know!!! 




 It's been closed for almost 30 years 




 I have also added this pic to the gallery for "Taste"

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 




 thank you! 




 I have also added this pic to the gallery for "Taste"

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 




 I have also added this pic to the gallery for "Taste"

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 




 I have also added this pic to the gallery for "Taste"

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 




 I have also added this pic to the gallery for "Taste"

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 




 The woman who lived here willed the entire house and contents to her church, who pretty much forgot all about it! 




 I know I know - but it is a generally used number and to do 21 pics of 21 senses would get old and people would lose interest at 6 or 7, so to keep it simple...I'll just do 5!!!!

 




 Sorry for the later response

here are a few other shots
https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157647663994654/ 
























