
















































































































































































































































































































 http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/lee-daniels-damon-lindelof-a-794430 





































































 http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/hollywood-buying-spree-film-studios-794590?utm_source=Sailthru utm_medium=email utm_term=hollywoodreporter_headlines utm_campaign=THR%20Headlines_2015-05-11%2005%3A00%3A00_knordyke 
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 interesting  




 I don't hide it

I can't 




 Straight bio at one point, a film about his capture at another

Confused  









 yep 




 cool, any others? 




 wut 




 It's bad.  




 ta 




 Confusing  




 he's not wrong  




 Blow Out

Well. watched it about 2 months ago, me, g 2 friends

across the board hated the film

 




 I'd need an explanation for many of these but interesting none the less  




 -2 for answering politely and with thought

this fucking sub - childish fanboys everywhere, fucking pathetic 

and they don't even fucking know they are as well which is the truly disturbing thing  




 what a dumb

only reason to watch brazil  




 pathetic

 




 I am still confused.  




 What part exactly ?  




 Watching Interstellar gave me pregnant.  









 land of the free

 




 ah sure 




 spent a month in santiago, stunning city the old city is just amazing, lovely people, really nice compared to other parts of spain, yeah food awesome

next place I want to visit in spain is Galicia again

funny the sea inside is on tv tonight here, amazing film 




 I lived in carabanchel (not the prison) and there was two bars near us. One was jammed, chepa, the other had a drunk owner, his wife, much smaller considering the apartments around

Jesus the food

one day cause I was the drunken irish regular TEFL teacher guy they gave me deer stew for free

ridiculous 

I know the wages are shit (my ex has a chemistry masters and worked a government job for 600 a month - some people dont get that part) but fuck it was great

walking around, in the heat, looking at stuff, have a beer somewhere, bottles of tequilla in the chino for 5 or 6 quid. crazy 

spanish deli opened near me, the guy who runs it lived two metro stops down from me too, world is small
 




 yeah, it's a weird one, a sag necessary release that was never going ot be in the cinema Vs. a film that has somewhat of a release worldwide

interesting stuff canuck  




 You could seriously just eat in the pub there, so good, sound slike you have a great life

sigh
  




 friend over there now doing camino

just texted me

9 quid, starter, main, bottle wine, bit of dessert

fuck me

wasn't that cheap in madrid 

 




 yeah I am thinking it is because HR is saying 10-15 screens? 




 I didn't I was just showing the actual record.

The HR report seemed to have a minimum of 10-15 screens as a necessary condition.

Either way I was just putting more info in. Silly me.  




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zyzzyx_Road 














 I took 30 minutes coming up with that answer 




 you can't argue with people on here

snowflake have it all generation

so profoundly ignorant it makes you reconsider humanity  


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































   I'll stop: a group of young white 20-somethings sitting around taking drugs talking about how they're going to film themselves robbing a bank.

Well fuck... 4 years working on *Crack The Blog Bank* down the drain. 




 Rewatching Barton has dulled my view of it.

And writing things about writers who have problems writing is often better suited to the movies 




 Yeah you tell em! 




 Cough newspapers cough.

The funny thing is when you see some technowarrior on here laugh at newspapers closing I just shake my head.

I admire wikileaks but it is not going to be able to do what the time or the guardian does.

You complain about tv news being shit - go out and vote with your wallet. Subscribe to X Y and Z. Get an international, one more local, one magazine with commentary. Digital or paper. 

Money where mouth is.

These stations have sponsors, loads of money, they pander to the dumb masses.

You want good journalism, pick up a paper.

Otherwise - and this goes to 99% of users on reddit who complain about this - just shut up.


 









 Most people have heard of great white, hammerhead and tiger sharks but there are many other species - and every year a number of new ones are discovered. One enthusiast has, so far, identified 24 types of shark and related fish that were previously unknown.

Old fashioned science brought to you via the new world wide web. 









 hope he gives it a full on go 




 Every day it seems there is more and more, from [3d printed houses](http://www.thejournal.ie/houses-3d-printing-1416773-Apr2014/) to [automated trucking](http://business.financialpost.com/news/energy/how-canadas-oilsands-are-paving-the-way-for-driverless-trucks-and-the-threat-of-big-layoffs?__lsa=e66d-f217) to [assembly lines](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2855570/Amazons-new-robot-army-ready-ship.html) and [medicine](http://www.techweb.com/news/229100383/12-advances-in-medical-robotics.html) seems to imbrace it

 




 I thought that too. Tried it from this place near my house, italian guys running it, potato and rosemary, worked. Really did. 




 new to me  




 The rate basically. Technology is advancing so quickly that it is far beyond the introduction of the loom. Everything from core jobs such as construction to highly skilled medical work to even the human emotional work are on the chopping block. 



















 He gets noticed when something comes out but I barely remember the last two I read, identity was one, cant remember the other. 

He's not a digital age writer. That might sound stupid but that's as close as I can get to describing how I am feeling at the moment 




 what a legend 




 yeah and Bonin had unidentified accomplices IIRC 




 drive by shootings?

also deleterious til what that word means 




 hahahaha 




 man that Mason Stephenson fella looks like a real hard case 




 Put your pants in the garden. 




 the bbc are getting lazy man 




 I just took it form the bbc http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33238110 blame the beeb 




 the comments in this thread, jesus 


































 Automation will make many of us redundant. 

What is the future for mankind? 
























 Magic beans salesman  




 Is this being upvoted ironically? 

Please tell me this is the case
 




 public show it to the player, just rotten behaviour  




 As bad as some shows are and as critical as I am known to be there is a lot going for the show

But... yeah... it's too slow

Horrible to say but a truth isn't it

Not for me (penny dreadful anyone?) it's too slow for the average viewer

And I have to agree. Should have loaded the show, 5 series formula, moved far quicker

Indulgent, good but indulgent

Why cancel? Is there producer deals in place that stops a new showrunner changing it?

Bizarre, considering the background  




 You haven't answered the only question of a source yet.

When you do that, and then we ignore all the evidence of the close relationship between man and dog, we can continue the discussion.

Do not try and twist things with me. 

 




 Yes dog were work animals.

 To early farmers, they were no different from other work animals, such as horses or mules.

Source? 




 Never once mentioned pets. 

 




 they boiled them alive, burn them alive, skin them alive 




 no, work away 




 That's a good comparison yeah. I feel that way too. The initial hoorah will die down. 




 ok 




 I got a 20 euro bottle wine in tesco 1/2 price

instead of eating it with some nice cheese I am having intant noodles  




 on the sauce already? 




 [I rate it 4 Calculons](http://i.imgur.com/r1DXEkd.jpg) 




 Hyperbole but I understand the point he is trying to make.

 And if he did that today he'd probably be criticized for it, the way the Godzilla director was criticized for not showing Godzilla early enough.

If the 2nd half of that Godzilla film was actually good it wouldn't have mattered. People wanted godzilla because they were bored shitless staring at one of the most blank and charmless actors that hollywood has now decided to add to the roster of young talent.

 A summer blockbuster isn't going for Oscars? What a fucking shock!

Kinda missed the point there mate

 




 Turn around in the context of it being a summer blockbuster etc.

There has been very little of the usual hyperbole regarding it as a film overall.

Seems to have jumped that and went straight to the 'what you expect it's a (insert plot or concept) movie not Ingmar Bergman, get over yourself'

 




  Some of the worst characterization and dialogue I've seen in a blockbuster with decent expectations since The Phantom Menace.

Fuck you might be fucking right
 




 That sounds really high. 




 I'm not really sure if you are slow or just drunk or something.

I was agreeing with you. I said yes, 30,000 years is the number, and that 30,000 years is quite an applicable number to use the term ancient since recorded human history itself only spans about 5,000 years.

Bad troll is bad and can't even play the game properly. Jesus wept.  




 4

4 better 




 k 














 Yes, yes it was supposed to make us feel like a dinosaur. 




 Generally positive but with noticeable negatives  




 k 




 I think the turnaround on this film will be swift even on reddit.

 




 No you used a gif.

  I just think its pretty hilarious given that JW is breaking a lot of money-making records, so I'm sure the studio is SO SAD when you criticize the movie

Shame on some people for wanting to discuss the movie despite its financial success or what the studio thinks, shame.

 Also, you editorialized the headline in this post, which is kind of bad form.

No I didn't, that was a result of the suggest title.


 




 Inoffensive is rather a harsh term in my book. 

Some films = entertainment, sure I get it, but when something is so lifeless and slapped together makes you wonder who is at fault here?

People bitching about the lack of original movies don't go see original movies (fuck sake they think mad max and dredd are somehow original)

Movie making by numbers. A computer could write the script, hit the beats, put in the awful dialogue and away you go. 

Which is fine when it makes money.

But it is like they sometimes don't think they need to try anymore. Just tie it together and push it out. 

Outside of the animation people and the score there was zero artistry in that movie. 




 Oh reddit comments did. Yeah I dunno if that counts. 




 Shame on some people for wanting to discuss the movie, shame 




 I think he makes good points.

 




 Maybe he has particular reasons for it. 

Like how I won't pay money to watch the FIFA film etc 




 what a shit trailer
 




 Yeah 30,000 years is the number. http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/may/21/dogs-may-have-lived-with-humans-30000-years

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/05/22/408784216/who-let-the-dogs-in-we-did-about-30-000-years-ago

Which in terms of human history is pretty fucking ancient.

You really are picking the one person to try and one up there sunshine. 

Bad troll or genuine idiot? I can't tell which one you are.
 









 I can't tell if this is trolling or genuine. Either way it's not working. 














 Meet The Spartans is fairly perfect

Southland Tales is a grand failure 
 




 A Sport and a Pastime was recommended to me on here. I have it somewhere, just got distracted. Better pull it out so 




 sad but true 




 Then the Guardian are saying it is very funny 




 Oh yes I understand. China is an embarrassment in terms of how it treats animals. The same edgy users on here who think torturing live animals to eat to ward off the summer heat  is culturally acceptable are the same ones who will criticise the very same people who eat rhino horns to get an erection. 


 




 I would have to say yes after seeing this 




 I actually think that is off. I think it is 14-21 now. Average age 17. Has to be. 




 I am confused, what are you trying to say?

 




 Crazy 




 6 reds is a lot though 




 I think it is the reason many fucking hate him. Not that he isn't a good player etc just that the guy dishes it out and yet will throw himself on the floor at any moment 




 it might have made you feel smarter I dunno

 




 I mentioned the blackout in china which is upcoming for a couple months (chinese only films)

I wonder did this create a kind of push to see this before it came into effect  




 I must be looking at different eggs 




 It's the wild west now in digital distribution. A few successful voices are very loud and influential and everyone standing in the shadows echoes it because they think they will be the next in line. 




 In what context. Food and agriculture? Ok. Exactly. My point. 

What was yours? 




 As expected, because you have nothing.

(inb4 k or think what you want or something to that effect before you run off...)

Snowflakes, when their awesomely unique idea(l)s are challenged, do quickly turn into cowards 

 




 Eh,

 I never mentioned it, everyone knows this, nothing to do with the reality of musicians earnings

I just explained that point, in the very sentence you pasted. Are you serious? You actually answered your post for me. How everyones knows about the new ways to do those things, but it doesn't change the reality about earnings.

Which was the topic.

  The only way musicians are going to have a chance at making real money from their music is if we do away with record companies, which is what the internet is doing.

And again I said it wasn't, all it did was open the gates and allow millions to scramble for the meagres. No *real* money involved. Only the lucky few will get anything, much like the system with labels.

Again, would you like to come back to the topic on hand and address that?
 




 I know the average redditor is pigshit ignorant but christ the comments across the board regarding this issue, from cultural this to animal that, have been fucking sickening. 

And when you think most redditors are from developed nations with decent educations it makes you wonder where the planet is going.

Oh and the fucking edge. Don't get me started.  




 Way to address nothing there. 

I say again the internet has changed nothing in practical monetary earning terms, it just opened the pool to everyone.

 We are not talking about the new ability to distribute, advertise etc etc, I never mentioned it, everyone knows this, nothing to do with the reality of musicians earnings, but of course you brought it up as some proof how right you are, baffling

I'd ask you to actually argue but I don't think you want to. The fact you really do think you are right is insane to me.  




 We are talking about the internet changing things, dumping labels and allowing artists to earn money.

You go off on a tangent which is irrelevant to the fact that all it has done it made a level playing field for millions, and so with everyone scrambling for money few earn, the exact same way it is now.

Do you understand? 

 , so that's somehow a bad thing? 

Course it is. Most musicians will fucking tell you this. A saturated market is now just fucked.

Deals, beiber, money - yawn - heard it all before. Nothing you say is new. I can't stress this enough. 

Snowflake generation. No doubt in my mind. 




 Why would there be one?

The ignorance of people baffles me. 

And it is the same pathetic 'superior' stance.

 




 I explained it to another user who actually asked instead of just ignorantly preaching off topic as you did. 

And deep down you probably still think you are right and I am just a dumbshit. Christ in fuck. Snowflake generation.

 




 Google human dog relationship in history. Simple.  




 The only thing the internet is doing is making a somewhat open playground for vomit. The chances of making money are probably slimmer considering the sheer numbers who have no gates to cross to get places. No surprise you become famous online or whatever and you still sign with a record company in the end. It's a great online  reddit snowflake generation fantasy but it is not the truth.

Keep in mind the user above didn't even understand his own argument and started going on about organising gigs and all of this.

Nothing to do with it.

And I already know the arguments which are going to come in now. Every time the same ones. 




 No it isn't. The relationship of dog and human is ancient and far more complex. Do some research. 




 Every time the same pathetic 'superior' arguments.  




 No, it really isn't. Everything you will say I have heard before. Comes back to this - no it really isn't.  














  which is what the internet is doing

It really truly isn't 




 who is saying it isn't a parody? 




 eh 














 [hhhehehe....](http://i.imgur.com/wjANVCD.jpg?fb) 




 tis indeed ! 




 

2.7 billion, big number dude, can't see it, initial buzz will go, film has little to offer in terms of repeat viewings etc and no gimmick  




 TIL 




 yet I'd still dip my dick in it again

 




 you are 100% right

but it was a joke mate 




 wasn't much better than 2 




 crazy course, enjoyable but crazy 




 I am too drunk to google that word so I will interpret it as *brilliant* 




 the way of the future  




 it's not great at all, disappointing, just generic to be honest

 




 it's at best mediocre 

modern tick the boxes move making, the sort that makes chris nolan = genius  




 most of the people who have upvoted you have no contact with hippies or druids or whatever... kinda hipstery if you think about it 




 nope, not a hope 




 cool, am gonna try check it out asap 




 Think it is over now. Spieth. 

edit: kiss death there 




 can you actually imagine if they had a cam trying to show the view of Day? shaky cam stuff? and I dont mean this as a joke

 




 I have a potato face too 














 best I get is 'you got the body of fat chris pratt' 




 sounds a very fine line situation whether they can pull the humour off 




  Euro-style humor that is funny by not being funny.

 #3232;_ #3232;

 




 Interesting, will def watch it at some point.  




  The film begins with a continuous four-minute take that starts on a television screen showing a Hindi soap opera and pulls out into the street, where armed gangs are furiously searching for a man, gunning down anyone in their path who might be his ally. They bomb his house. When the pressure becomes too much to bear, there is a cut, and with it, an exhale. But there is no loss of tension. The film powers forward, relentless, for the next five hours.

Sounds pretty amazing. 




 I think he was taking that into account. 4th or 5th paragraph down lists the few meagre funnies in it.  














 that much money things get mega complicated though

might be a case of nodding heads and looking at the final balance statement  




 Textbook in some ways, and a scary story considering what went on in Russia at the time. Cheers OP 




 I find seals terrifying

Saw one last week in the river in my city, big fucker, just hanging out 




 drugs 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=charles+whitman restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all not even a month ago and fairly common knowledge  




 No, not at all. Why would you think that? Only so many films that can go inro production.

Cars and Planes make more money, more tie ins, more toys, than the other films

Hence why I said what I said. 




 business 




 now u r confusing me

shakes head 




 Well going from a straight bio, to a film about his capture, then to a film with a tacked on american star and a bizarre contrived love story... 

No offence but I am pretty confused why you posted this response.

Did you even look at the synopsis or some of the reviews?

Honestly... some people 




 storm of the dead

well at least he went and actually made it 
























