 Probably a mistake when answering. 




 Leaving them around can be demoralizing sometimes. I had a friend who'd leave copies of a political magazine around his campus, putting them in the library, coffee shops, so on, and they never got touched in his months of work. They were always visible too.  




 I had my height marked as 5'10 for a while because that's what my tailor told me I was. Met up with a girl who was also 5'10, found myself being three inches shorter. The more you know. 




 She's not? Oh. 




 Yes, so I can gauge their personality and see what we have in common. 




 It doesn't? shit. 




 I hope not. Where else can I validate my existence? :ccc 




 Your main is a little weak. It's fuzzy, not very clear.

Also, use "I" a lot less when starting your sentences so there's better flow.

I've never dated but I guess everyone starts somewhere.

Don't mention that.

Your "six things" are generic, try being a little more unique to catch someone's attention.

"I don't get along well with my parents."

If you're going to mention the above, try and spin it in a positive way. Ex:I don't get along well with my parents because they're not on my level.

You require your match to have a good sense of humor, but I'm not getting a lot of laughter from your profile. 




 Add a link to your profile 




 I care to an extent. I'd like to have a partner who I relate to with the type of work I do (non-profit). At the very least, I'd like a partner who feels like they're contributing to their community, however they see fit. 




 If you have a smart phone, do some self timer shots. That's what I've done, and it works out rather well. 




 Like your main! Good choice.

Attempting to get that one figured out right now.

So is every other millennial. Not really necessary.

Otherwise, not bad, but I'd some more activities in there with what you do in your free time (and try and make them exciting). 




 Everything feels very bland. You opener doesn't really say anything special to catch my attention. What's to separate you from other students at UW? 

I can be active but as far as that goes at the moment is running on the treadmill

This is an awkward sentence.

I tend to be more active during the daytime.

Doing what? Expand.

I'd use the dog photo as your main as well. 




 Most of my visitors tend to be male too, as I'm also listed as bi. For some reason I thought I'd get high quality message from guys on occasion, but that's yet to really happen. All of them have been low quality.

 




 Your "What I'm Doing" sections feels a little boring. There's some interesting stuff there that could be spiced up a bit. 

Otherwise, not bad, and I like your main. 




 Nothing terrible. I'd say your personality sticks out well. Though I'm not much a fan of the main, since shirtless picks can be a turnoff to a lot of people (even though you're not showing a lot off, I could see it bothering some girls). Like most of your other pics though! 




 I did! It looks pretty cool. Seems it has a lot of community support.

But you're right, it's not revolutionary. But that doesn't mean what an NGO does, like your parent's one, isn't doing anything "useful". Until any revolution comes, it's the duty of the able and the willing to be as helpful towards the poor. Until then, any aid to the poor is useful, needed, and totally appropriate.. 




 I disagree. Helping individuals is always useful. I work for an NGO which helps the homeless, and we manage to put clients in housing, help them find employment, and get the benefits they're entitled to. We're a "but, for" program, meaning "but for us, these people would be homeless", and typically that's very true, as we serve a rural area which is lacking in resources.

Now, are we revolutionizing the world around us? Are we changing things for an entire area? No. But we're contributing to the lives of the poor, and building their lives up. Sure, I could say that it's not useful to help people on individual basis, and I could say lifting these people off the streets isn't useful either, but that'd be a total lie because it's useful *to them*. 

You want to aid the working class? Work with what you got right now until something else comes along (or until you change something), because the lives of the poor (homeless, slaves, so on) matter, each and every one. If you can't care for the individual, why care for the working class at all? If you can't put enough effort or care enough to aid those in poverty *right now* by any means necessary, regardless of what system is in place, then how can you ever help them?

Awareness raised in the consumers of first-world media does nothing.

Not all the time. Check out what happened to the CEO of Firefox when it was revealed (even though it had been public since 2008) that he donated to keep gay marriage from becoming legal in California with Prop 8. Once consumers found out, he was ousted from his job because he didn't reflect the values of his consumers. World changing? No. A strong message? Yes. 




 At the very least, consumer activism brings awareness to those outside of the anarchist movement, and boycotts are more easily sold upon the general public. By doing campaigns which are inclusive of nearly every ideology, you're able to bring non-profits and human rights groups to the table, who are much more active and influential when it comes to these sort of things (and so far I don't see any anarchist groups doing what you're suggesting).
 




 The DMing was a bit much. I could see how that could be totally creepy to someone. Inappropriate. 

You never know why people stop talking to you, but a lot of the time it has nothing to do with you personally. 




 I like your main, but as someone else wrote, nothing stands out. I don't get much of anything that makes you seem unique.

You could definitely make your TV job seem a bit more exciting. 




 The secret message no one seems to have gotten :cccc 




 Hi! I'm looking for an apartment/trailer/whatever or roommate deal in either Rock Springs or Green River. I'm able to sign up to a 6-mo lease, and at most can afford $500/mo total for Green River, or $450/mo total for Rock Springs (so I can have some extra gas money for my commute to Green River).

I've already called every listing I found in the classifieds for the local papers, so if you know an open place not listed there, shoot me a line. Thanks! 




 Whoa. I saw that speaker at a FEE conference and SFL Regional Conference. So weird seeing him on a LL video.

Thanks for sharing. 




 Well you see, since the Koch Bros donate to SFL, there's got to be shady business, right?

But more seriously, people think *way* too highly of SFL and YAL. They expect there to be some sort of conspiracy, where we're all getting told how to manipulate the beliefs of ignorant college kids.  




 Sure! It'd be my pleasure. 




 We never got any propaganda. You can see more or less what we learned here: http://studentsforliberty.org/webinar-program/list/

Our training and guidance was less about ideology, and more about organisation, handling funds, networking, etc. 




 That's awesome. I was probably going to do the same thing, but left to pursue different work. 

ISFLC was still one of my best experiences. Seeing Jeffery Tucker plastered at a bar was amazing. 




 Whoa, so weird seeing another ex-SFLer here! What level of executive? Like, regional director? I was a campus coordinator.  




 Not helping directly, but there's a lot of discussion on how the state meddles with those only trying to help: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/search?q=homeless restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all 




 Just remember that atheists are still human, and humans are prone to bias, emotions, and mistakes. Not believing in a deity does not remove one of bigotry or hate. 




 I had totally forgotten about that. What an amazing putdown.  




 My parents sent me a care package, with two cans of clam chowder inside. I've never been so happy. 




 All these low gas prices are making me jealous. It's $2.75 for here in Central Wyoming. I thought it'd be cheaper here, cuz y'know, we can't all those oil fields. 




 I talked with a kid once who's parents were atheists, and they kicked his brother out when he turned to Islam. Don't know the full story though.

Beyond that, I'm sure this happens from time to time. 




 I suspect this is partially because they have basically no real-life organization or power.

They are organized on the academic level in the US. Students For Liberty, Young Americans for Liberty, the Mises Institute, Cato all have AnCaps within them.

But more so, I worked with AnCaps with Students For Liberty, and I found everyone to be pretty normal 20 something year olds. Can't imagine any of them wanting to hurt anything more than a fly. 




 All lives do matter, however, there are times where we need to have specific conversations about specific things. Your friend is shifting the conversation away from narrow, to general. This makes it harder to have workable dialogues for certain marginalized groups. And be mindful that the solving of LGBT and black issues will take different kind of work, as both come from different contexts. LGBT folk, for example, can hide the fact that they are gay, and so are able to avoid profiling form police, while black people lack the ability to change their skin tone, and so are more easily profiled and harassed by law enforcement. 




 And THAT is why I moved to Wyo. 




 Voluntarists certainly do have an understanding of that argument, they just disagree with it. 




  Even if I could find some common ground with a fascist or a nazi there is no way I would ally myself with them.

What if an AnCap offered you the chance to help the poor, to, say, help feed the homeless? In such an instance, what matters more; your beliefs, or the struggles of those who suffer worse than almost all of us? 

When you say "side with" these groups, what exactly do you mean? Do you mean if some sort of anarchist commune was to start up, AnCaps would be excluded, or do you mean that if AnCaps held a rally against war, you'd refuse to participate? If it's the former, then I understand, but I don't understand the latter. 

I myself will work with anyone who offers me a way to aid the poor. Ideology matters less than the horrible conditions our fellow human beings are living under. A poor man doesn't care who feeds him, just only that he is fed. 




 I work with a homeless program, and a lot of our clients hitchhike from place to place, and eventually wind up with us. 

One guy got kicked out of his mother-in-laws, and had to take himself, his wife, and his 3 young kids from Billings, Montana to central Wyoming.  




 1) Mobile apps for Reddit, like Alienblue, allow upvoting and downvoting, regardless of what the subreddit has for rules. 

2) There is an option to turn off "subreddit style" which allows for upvoting and downvoting

3) In RES, there are keyboard shortcuts for downvoting, which circumvent not being able to see them.  




 YouTube has the [Oxford Debates](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=oxford+debates page= utm_source=opensearch), and often think tanks will host debates. Also, there's [Question Time](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=question++time) in the UK, where policy is discussed a lot. 




 Hi all! 

I moved to a different state for my service, and am thinking about transferring to one of the local four year colleges after I finish. Since I would have been here for more than a year by the time I would start taking classes, I should qualify for in-state tuition, but I'm not really sure. I know every school has different requirements, but does anyone else have experience qualifying for in-state tuition in a new state after their year of service?  









 I've found a few links and lesson plans via Google, but want to know what others have specifically used to aide them in their teaching of First Day School. This month I'll be teaching for the first time as my Meeting opens up a new First Day School to accommodate new and interested members.   









 Whether it's entire nations or small towns, are there any trends in spotting the causes of secession? Does a certain part of the population tend to be in a certain situation (extreme poverty, lack of good food, lack of political power, etc.)? Could we name similarities between, say, the push for Scottish independence, and the breaking up of Sudan, or is each secession (or the attempt of) unique?  




 Hello /r/wyoming!

I work with the Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF), a division of the [Southwest Wyoming Recovery Access Program](http://www.swwrap.com). Our SSVF program helps homeless or at risk veterans and their families find sustainable housing by providing rental assistance, case management, and connecting the vet and their family to needed resources (food stamps, employment services, etc). We have offices throughout the state, and are expanding our locations in due time.

We are currently looking for partners to work with us in eliminating homelessness within our veteran communities. If you're unaware, 2015 is the year that veteran homelessness should end, as pushed by both the VA and Governor Meed.

Our partners would sign agreements (MOUs) with us to help refer homeless or at risk veterans and their families to our program so we can case manage and help them transition out of poverty (or the danger of). These partners can be municipalities, non-profits, for-profit businesses, or government programs. We're also really interested in developing agreements with landlords who are willing to house our clients (again, we do provide rental assistance, but we work to make sure the vet is able to live off on their own without our assistance by case managing their situation.

If you're at all interested in helping out and want to learn more, shoot me a PM or email at dmorris@swwrap.com, and do the same if you know a veteran who is homeless or is in danger of being homeless. We are interested in working with just about any entity, anywhere in the state of Wyoming.

Here's a [brief article](http://www.wyomingnews.com/articles/2014/01/06/news/20local_01-06-14.txt#.VJiriWvDUA) about our program by Wyoming Tribune Eagle.

Thank you, and happy holidays!

-Dan 




 News broke today that the US and Cuba will attempt to resume diplomatic relations, breaking a cold relationship between the two governments that has lasted several decades. Does this affect 2016 at all? Could the issue of Cuba play a large role in who becomes the next president? Or will it be a side issue, as more important matters take center stage during the debates? How do you imagine certain possible candidates responding to all of this, if they were a part of the debates?

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/18/world/americas/us-cuba-relations.html?_r=0 














 His account hasn't been active in the longest of times. Where'd he go? 
























 Hi! I'm Dan, and I'm the most optimistic motherfucker you'll ever meet. In fact, it'll probably annoy the shit out of you half the time, but that just means you've got to try and up the anti to match my enthusiasm for everything. 

Face and junk (on the right):  http://i.imgur.com/bmDh1Ya.jpg

I'm moving to Wyoming from Massachusetts soon. Wyoming, if you didn't know, lies in the middle of nowhere. Why am I moving there? I felt a little lost after a stint with college, and so I've joined Americorps to help homeless veterans get off the street, and give them a roof over their heads. I like helping people, and I volunteer often (mostly as a tutor). Like every 20 year old, I have no idea what I want to do, but I'm hoping it'll be something positive and impacting. The most rewarding feeling I get is giving my all for the betterment of someone else. 

I get involved politics a lot, too. While I'm not grounded in all of my beliefs, I think it's important to be be a part of democracy. I'll knock on doors, hammer phones, or throw leaflets in people's faces for a cause I think is worth fighting for. 

When I'm not being helpful to others, I'm playing civilization 5 (and losing), trying to get better at my shitty Chinese, reading the news, having arguments with strangers on the intertewbs (and losing), going around into the wilderness, or cooking myself food (and failing). 

I'm an unemployment...I mean history major. Get me drunk, and I'll rant about US-Sino relations. Trust me, it'll be worth it. And on occasion I play dress up with my local freemasonry lodge, usually donning an old hat, sword, apron, and a pair of 18th century pants and shirt.  Like this: http://i.imgur.com/HqaveQ5.jpg

I mostly listen to chill music, chip tunes, alt-rock or alt-pop. Movies are sci-fi or thrillers. TV: 30 Rock, Parks and Rec, Lillyhammer, House of Cards, ST:TNG, The West Wing, X-Files, lots of animation (Bobs Burgers, Adventure Time, etc). And for reading: Phillip K Dick, history, law, public policy, and some Chinese novels which I struggle to understand.

I'm looking for friends, IRL or otherwise (no preference) to be silly with. I'm rarely serious unless prompted to be so. Typing, camming or using mics are all okay to me! Skype is my main mode of communication. I need someone who I can talk with pretty frequently, though. I'll be living far away from any meaningful civilization (it *is* Wyoming), so I may need the company! 

Oh, and please be talkative. I can talk a lot, and need some sort of counter balance so I don't overload and explode. 

Looking forward to our new immature friendship. 














 I'll be living in Wyoming soon, which has a population of 500,000 or so. I've noticed that not a lot of people from WY seem to use OKC (Craigslist is more popular), but those in the lower states (CO   UT) use OKC a lot more. I might be willing to travel that far for a date or two, but that seems kind of costly. Even if I do visit those states and find someone, would it be worth it? Are LDRs common for this part of the country? Is this how dating out here works for the younger crowd? Does it look desperate to be willing to drive 5+ hours for a date?

If anyone else has had experience using OKC in low populated areas, I'd appreciate your input!  




 I'll be starting my VISTA program next month, and I've had so many questions before my PSO. My supervisor has been absolutely wonderful in accommodating all my inquiries, talking to me whenever that's needed. What's more, I'll be arriving at my project site on Thanksgiving, and she's offered to take the day off to welcome me to the area. 

With all the negative posts here, I thought it'd be good to share something positive. I can tell that she's working hard to make sure all the VISTAs in her state transition well to their new jobs. 

So thanks Tammy! You've helped me be more calm about this huge change in my life.  




 In English it's easy to show stuttering by repeating letters (ex: "H-hello, how are y-you?"). How do you do this in Chinese. Can you? 




 Back when I was attending middle school 6-7 years ago, "Mousey" became a celebrity with all my friends. He roamed down in the harbor smoking and talking to people. I never met him, but I heard a lot of stories. He may have been the only homeless man in all of Scituate at the time. 

I'm pretty sure he's since passed (I may have seen an obituary for him in the Scituate Mariner), but I don't know for certain. Does anyone know what happened to him? 




 Constantly we see posters being called out for fake stories in various subs, and we even have /r/quityourbullshit and /r/thathappened, which amongst other things, tackle posters lying about an event happening to them. 

I can see why people would be upset at someone lying about their credentials ("As a lawyer/doctor/teacher...") as that could provide false information about a profession, or lying about factual things ("America is the smallest country in the world") but if someone lies about an encounter they had with someone or something, why does it matter if the story is false, if everyone seems to enjoy what they read?  









 As students head back to the classroom, those that are interested in activism have a lot of choices. Most of these groups are American, so feel free to add any other groups that are elsewhere in the world. 

**Students For Liberty (SFL)** - A worldwide nonprofit dedicated to building a network of student libertarians of all flavors, from moderates to AnCaps. SFL gives out free books to student groups, sells activism kits (stickers, banners, etc), and probably most important, runs several worldwide conferences in the US, Europe and as of last year, Africa! These conferences can attract more than 100 students interested in the academic side of libertarian politics, with focuses on history, economics, and philosophy. These are a great place to meet fellow students who can work with on activism projects. 

Do note that SFL does not have official clubs. You are free to start a "Students For Liberty at Big University" club, but your club will receive no special attention. All clubs registered in the SFL network are treated the same. Any club that is liberty-oriented is free to join the SFL network which can provide books, event invitations, and other things. Your club will also appear on SFL's website, giving you free publicity to students looking for fellow activists. 

**Young Americans For Liberty (YAL)** - YAL is similar to SFL in its goal, but is American centric and is in the business of establishing registered chapters around the country. YAL runs a very structured system with club presidents and state chairs who help organize events and other things. YAL club members must pay membership dues, but are rewarded with club funding and activism kits. 

YAL also runs state conventions, which are similar to SFL's regional conferences in their purpose of education and bringing students together. 

**Liberty in North Korea (LiNK)** - Many libertarian clubs around the country partner with LiNK to host events in which LiNK volunteers talk about the history of North Korea and the hardships of the North Korean people. LiNK runs a modern "Underground Railroad" smuggling North Korean defectors out of China once they cross the NK-Chinese border. LiNK then sends these defectors to south east Asia where they are safe from repatriation by Chinese authorities. From there, the defectors are placed in safe havens either in South Korea or the US, where they begin their new, free lives. 

LiNK will host an event discussing all of this on your campus. You may be required to pay an event hosting fee (which helps with their funding). 

Something cool LiNK talks about is the underground trading systems which run all across the DPRK where residents buy banned goods, like movies, books, and music. LiNK happily refers to this as what it truly is: capitalism. 

**Students For a Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP)** - This group runs several chapters around the US where students engage in activism that educates their fellow youth about the harms of the War on Drugs. SSDP advocates for the end of prohibition against marijuana and for sensible laws to apply to the drug. Some SSDP chapters will invite speakers to their campus. 

**Leadership Institute (LI)** - If you're looking for activism grants, look no further! LI will grant American student groups money for activism related projects. Tread carefully, however, as LI has a less of a libertarian slant, and more of conservative slant (similar to the GOP). There are plenty of both camps working in LI, but if you plan on asking them for money, make sure your project isn't too controversial for your typical conservative. For example, they may not fund something directly related to AnCap, but may fund something about the harm of Obamacare, or NSA spying. 

LI runs a handful of physical student training seminars across the country, and also hosts online training seminars for activist training. 

**Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE)** - FIRE defends the rights of American high school and college students, primarily focusing on the right to free speech in an academic environment. FIRE has an online database of colleges which have problematic rules in their guidebooks which may restrict your first amendment rights. If your school has a "red light" policy (clearly unconstitutional), they will write a legal memo to your school, and put pressure on them to change their rules so the fit constitutional standards, as defined by the Supreme Court.

If you believe your rights have been violated, contact FIRE immediately and they will assist you. If your school isn't in their database, ask them to investigate and they will look into it for you. 

FIRE runs a yearly conference over the summer, and has speakers available for you to invite. They have publications on their website which inform you of your rights as a college/high school student. 

**Federalist Society** - Operating at law schools only, the Federalist Society is full of conservative, moderate, and libertarian law students. They host speakers, form clubs, and hold debates to educate students from the right side of the spectrum in application to American law. 

-,-,-

Feel free to add others! I'll put them on the list. I'm fairly familiar with all of these groups, so AMA (I served as a campus coordinator with SFL for one year).  









 I'm applying for a program I really want to get into, but neither of my references have filled out their forms yet. The deadline for applying is Monday. I did call and leave a message for the volunteer coordinator, but I'm curious as to if deadline extensions are common or even allowed. 




 Are Africans of a given country now seeing China more positively, negatively, or have their attitudes towards China stayed the same since China began becoming more economically involved with the continent?  



















 Someone told me that the tobacco purchasing age went up to 21 today, but I did some searching and last month the town board of health apparently voted to keep it at 18, so I'm a little confused.  




 The other day I was driving home from Pennsylvania to Massachusetts after attending a conference. On my way home, I asked Google Maps to avoid tolls because I didn't have any cash. While messing around with my phone at a rest stop, I somehow turned this request off. 

So I'm driving on a highway in New York and I come up on a toll. No biggie. I've had this happen to me in Massachusetts before, so I *think* I know the drill; copy my license plate number, and send me a bill in the mail. But nope! As I'm at the toll booth, I inform the booth worker I have no cash. She asks for my driver's license so I can be identified. I go to my wallet and...what? It's not there. I quickly feel around my car and can't find it. I tell the worker this, so she asks for my registration so they can still ID me and send me a bill. 

Oh, I have that! I go to my glove box and...nope. The handle is stuck. I'm trying to open it, banging on it and jigging the handle, but it's really stuck. So now the worker asks me to pull over to some little station off the side to the road, after I've been holding up morning traffic for 5 minutes. 

I oblige, not knowing what's going to happen to me. I pull over to the station, and wait for 10 seconds until another worker approaches my car and informs me that the woman behind me paid my toll. Relief! 

So thank you anonymous lady. I don't know what compelled you to help me; was it my out of state license plate? Or my politically charged bumper stickers? Or are you just that nice to everyone?

So thanks again. I'll definitely pay it forward. 

Edit: *butt. Doh! 




 Specifically, I'm looking to take the MBTA from Scituate to Salem for school. I know it's going to be hassle because I have to make several transfers, so maybe I should just drive. Does anyone else travel between the SS and NS?  














 I recently read Mao Dun's "Shop of the Lin Family" and "Spring Silkworms", both of which gave fascinating insight into what was going on in China during the communist revolution. I'm looking for more books of a similar manner, which through realism, show the history of China as it's happening.  





























 I can't count the number of times I've seen someone write something like "Reddit users are racist/sexist/homophobic etc.", and other negative general stereotypes. I've never seen another site have users attack their fellow user base, so does this happen anywhere else? 




 I'm looking for some walking canes for my friend who has trouble getting about. He has one, but I thought I'd buy him a nicer one for his birthday. Anywhere I physically shop for them? 




 I've been searching around for busses and flights, and the cheapest thing I found was a flight to Butte, and then a bus from Butte to Helena. Total comes to about $300, which almost makes it cheaper to drive for me. Are there any buses, flight routes, trains, etc. I might have missed that a re bit cheaper? Just want to make sure I'm not going past any possibilities. 




 Per example, if a country has ten parties to choose from in a given election, will more people vote in that election, compared to a country with two parties to choose from? 




 I'm reading [*The Opium War: Being Recollections of Service in China*](http://books.google.com/books/about/The_Opium_War.html?id=baNDAAAAYAAJ), written by a British captain serving in China during the Opium War, and in it he mentions Malay pirates using kriis, and Chinese cock fighters equipping their cocks with kriis for fights. What is this weapon? I haven't been able to find anything on it. To quote the book:

"The cocks, which at the present day precent specimens of the finest class, were then trained much in the same way as in Europe, but were armed, in the place of a spur, with a broad flat blade, resembling their own favourite weapon-the kriis;..." [Pg 37]

"These savages [Malay pirates] armed with terrible kriis are in the constant habit of attacking plundering the coasting merchantman which they the more readily make a prey of from the circumstance both the Siam and Cochin-Chinese government forbidding her merchantmen from being armed." [Pg 36]

What exactly does this weapon look like? How common were they?
 




 Antifa rallies generally seem to be full of anarchists, so I'm asking here. In the US, we don't really have any fascists. Pockets of them exist, but barely so. I could understand holding rallies near their home bases, like in the South, but this usually isn't the case. From what I see, the rallies are held in cities where there aren't any fascists gathering. 

If I'm off the mark here, let me know. Otherwise, some help understanding this would be nice. Are they targeting world wide fascists, American fascists, or someone else? 




 Two weeks ago I became a Master Mason with the Freemasons. Basically I went from being an apprentice to an accepted, average Freemason. It was really fun.

AMAA about what it's like! I won't answer questions about our rituals (you can google that if you wish), as those are sacred, but everything else is open game. 




 Hi all, 

Some of you have noticed my flair as I've been posting in this sub. My name is Dan Morris and I'm running to represent Salem, Massachusetts as a State Representative. 

I've spent a year working with Students For Liberty as a campus coordinator, a student non-profit dedicated towards spreading the ideas of capitalism and limited government on college campuses. I've also been active with my local Tea Party (who aren't as bad as you might think). And I've also been working with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) on changing speech codes at my school, Salem State University.  I've even lobbied with them in Boston for a students right to have active legal council present during expulsion and suspension hearings with their school, due to such meetings being public record, allowing a court to ask for the transcripts of whatever a student said during these meetings, which leads to self-incrimination. 

Some issues I'm running on:

 Removing a state gas tax which is tied to inflation. You want to raise taxes? Fine (well, not really), but at least vote for raising them per year rather than sneaking in an inflation tie. 
 Marijuana legalization, and allowing non-violent first time offenders in prison for drug possession to be released back into our society. 
 Transgender equal access to all public facilities (i.e, bathrooms). 
 Working against the over arming of police
 Establish a limited trial voucher program for low-income students to go to any school of their choosing. 

I should also note that I am not an AnCap, but that's only because my readings have been focused elsewhere. I'll read Rothbard soon, I swear!

I enjoy hiking, gaming, reading alt-history books, and volunteer as an English tutor to immigrants and refugees in my spare time. 

AMA!  









 Do any countries do this? I know some do the opposite, like Israel, where you vote for the party, not the candidate. But could just putting only names on the ballot be a good thing? Theoretically this would require voters to do more research on candidates, and prevent them from voting strictly on party lines. 




 When I joined a few years ago, I did so without finishing the BoM first. I mainly skimmed and read the chapter summaries. I've since finished it, but have met other people who were like me. So I'm curious if any folks here did the same thing. And is there anything wrong with that? There was just so much pressure to get baptized, and I wanted to as well. So I figured it didn't matter so much if my guy feeling was telling me I was doing the right thing.  




 I've been inactive with the church for a few years, but want to return. I'm 20, so I'm able to go a SAW, but I never went to one initially. When returning to the church, should I go to my local SAW or simply my old ward?  




 https://www.mturk.com/mturk/preview?groupId=3UXCLCQO1U2B32FQM52VTK6YYAZ025 









 So [here's a Salon Q A video](http://www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2014/04/23/ask_a_homo_how_should_straight_people_behave_in_gay_bars_video.html) where the speaker says that straights shouldn't go into gay bars.

I'm conflicted on this, because while I realize that there are few gay spaces around (like the speaker mentions), I still think allowing straights and gays to mingle in bars is a way to break down the barriers of division. And I could see how if this logic was applied to the opposite side-that gays shouldn't go into "straight" bars (simply meaning a bar which doesn't tolerate the gay community)-then that would cause some obvious issues.

So what are your thoughts on this? 




 In a speech to the eighth meeting of the central peoples government counsel on June 28, 1950, Mao said "The Chinese people had long ago declared that the affairs of the various countries throughout the world should be run by the peoples of the respective countries themselves, and the affairs of these should be run by the people of Asia themselves and not by the United States. United States' aggression In Asia will only arouse the extensive and resolute resistance of the peoples of Asia."

Mao and other Communist Party members talked much of making world peace. They also talked much of Taiwan, and taking it away from the grasp of the United States. How could Mao and other Chinese officials justify the taking of Taiwan, when the people of Taiwan wanted to self govern themselves, and that such aggression would certainly cause war? 









 Hey all, I'm looking to improve my Mandarin a bit and was wondering if any knew of any good Mandarin texts to read. I'm looking for things that are libertarian/ancap related, but anything relating to defending capitalism in general would be good too. 




 I need some cash for gas and to make a housing payment. I'm in school, but will be working by the end of the month. I should also get my taxes back soon. 

Check my account history. It's a new account, but I'm a verifiable person. I can link you to my FB, give you my number, and do whatever else you want.  




 Sup. I'm Dan and I'm a college student in Salem. I can offer you a spot in my dorms to stay for up to two nights (university rules), and offer you some meals if you're homeless or struggling. 

Let me know what's up! 




 Hi all,

My name is Dan Morris, and I'm running for state representative to represent Salem, Massachusetts in Boston. I'm running as a libertarian, but still identify with a lot of conservatives like Thomas Sowell, Barry Goldwater, and Margaret Thatcher. 

I'm looking for advice on reaching out to voters, getting my message straight, or whatever else you have to offer.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/danielmorris) which lists some of the issues I support.

Thank you!

Dan 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgenders have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there /r/boston!

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is bring a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

 
























 None! 

No has asked for it! Unless "Hey how are you" is secret code for "gimme dat dough".  




 Be gentle. Either. 

Http://okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface 




 Common misconception. Japan was very independent by the 70s, as was the ROC and Pakistan. Pakistan had indeed been ruled by another country, but it wasn't the US, it was Britain, before the Pakistan-India split. 

Really do recommend the book though!  




 21, bi, male. 18-25.  




 China used to be super poor in the 70s and 80s. Still is, but at least they have a growing middle class thanks to people fleeing the farms and going into the cities, where's it partially easier to make a living, even if thats not saying much. The country is going on a very similar path to Europe and the US after the industrial revolution. 

What was the other option? To have China leave it's self closed? To not open trade with the US? 




 Those groups hold anti-police violence rallies and anti-war rallies. Those are something to share, no? 




 This happens to me. Most will visit my profile once I ask them out, which is about 5 messages in.  




 I've had three first dates where the women has been alone with me in my car, in a semi-remote area within two hours. 

I'm not sure how I feel about this.  




 I don't think you understand how complicated things were with engaging Taiwan, Japan, and Pakistan when negotiations with China began. There was a boat load of secret back channel talks and lies to the press to keep things under wraps until the timing was right. A lot had to be hidden, including some of Kissinger's visits to Beijing. 

The important thing though is that what they did could really only have been done when they did it. 

I recommend reading "Nixon and Mao: The Week That Changed the World" by Margaret MacMillan. Really detailed account of all the effort Nixon's team put into creating back channels and using them effectively, and how hard negotiations were with Mao when US forces were still deployed all over Asia. 

Your claim was everything unraveled. I just don't see how that's true with China, when they're our second largest trading partner. Doesn't matter how "easy" (it wasn't) or "hard" it was, I'm just saying our relationship is still intact.  




 Exactly. Nixon and Kissinger worked to exploit the Sino-Soviet split, and to this day, we've maintained relations with China. 

Sure, any presidential team could have done it, but they did it at the right time. So your statement isn't exactly factual.  




 This isn't true. We still have economic and diplomatic relations with China, decades after his departure from office. 

And though our relations with Pakistan have deteriorated since the Nixon administration, that's neither Kissinger's or Nixon's fault, but rather the fault of events way outside of their control and time. For a good while, Pakistan was favored over India, a preference that lasted years after Kissinger left his post. 
 




 For a lot of older folk, the opening of China is still fresh in their minds, so that's a reason why they might rank him highly. He was extremely skilled in getting US-Sino relations up and running.  




 This isn't true. The Free State Project has many of them, as do groups like Students For Liberty and Young Americans for Liberty.  




 My home lodge back in Scituate was mostly older (40+), but a few 30 something's joined the craft the fill the age gap. 

Massachusetts really seems to be doing well in sustaining membership.  




 Bound of Canaan is about the Underground Railroad and it's very fascinating.  




 Seconded. It changed my life. Great read written by a great man.  




 They should get banned soon, if they've sent that out a lot.  




 The 1st is really weird for a main. The one with the dog is pretty cute though! 




 The solution is to send your dates my way, to ease off your stress.  




 What's *right* with the T?
 




 But I like mine :( 




 There's the NYC Anarchist Bookfair.  




 Try asking quicker. Don't let the conversation go that long.  




 Thanks for the suggestion! If the date is going well, I'll offer Nine Mile as a spot to go eat at. Sounds fantastic. 




 If the girl asks, I will. I'm very comfortable with doing it, and it's fun.  




 You left your number in there, FYI 




 Seconded on the quote. It comes off a little weird.  




 "Now that I've met you, I'm having second thoughts about it..." 




 Any more openings by chance? 




 Those all sound right up her ally. Thanks so much for the help!  




 Deleting system 32 does the trick.  




 Reddit is pretty popular, so I don't think it's necessary.  




 Good luck, friend, and congrats!  




 Orangeville area. I think anything with less than an hours drive from there should be fine.  




 I'm a little liberal when it comes to some things, which is a big deal for my state I guess. 




 Met a girl who lives in that area, and am looking for some first date ideas nearby. The only thing I've found is the dinosaur museum in Price, which seems okay. 

Any other suggestions?  




 1) Your main pic is a little weak, doesn't really show much of you.

2) Your self-summary is really bland and doesn't say anything about you. Insert something about your personality there, but try and be creative with that.

3) Use "I" less when starting sentences.

4) Don't mention being dead tired on a Friday night. What's your *ideal* Friday night? If it's just getting food with friends and playing games afterwards, leave it at that. 




 So there isn't a guarantee kicking them out isn't a death sentence?  




 Finding free tour guides of the city. 

Because it's free.  




 I get involved in politics a lot, and attend conferences when I can. So that's one way.  




 If it's worth it to you, you can on craigslist and pay $50 for a profession photographer to follow you around for an hour or two.  




 I'm too good or everyone I meet 

Also, I seem to be moving a lot 




 Try at least two or three more message and the ask out. By that time they should view you, and decide for themselves.  




 Just mention you live a little outside city Y, but city Y is where you like to date/hang 




 Ask why he didn't stay in the US like Daniel Ellsberg did when Ellsberg started coming out with the "Pentagon Papers", and what kind of difference there would be if he (Snowden) had stayed in the US.  




 Don't forget ISFLC! It's happening soon, but there's always next year. 

Also, YAL State Conferences are the place to be.  




 The youth thread over at r/@ got me thinking about this. If I have a child who refuses to get vaccinated, what happens? By not getting vaccinated, they run the risk of giving some sort of disease to other children in the community, which no one wants. 

Does the community ban them? Do I get authority to vaccinate them? Does it matter how old the child is (2 vs. 10)? 




 For a greeting? No, that'd be a little weird. Not weird for the end of the date though, if all went well.  




 How long ago did you send the form? Give it a day or two and try again? 




 Fine on my end today (2/1).  




 3 (soon to be 4) dates in...4 weeks? Haven't messaged many girls either. My upcoming 4th date messaged me first, which is nice. Almost had a 5th, but I moved, so that didn't work. 
And 2/3 dates I've been on have been really fun. 
So I'd say 50%.  




 I transplanted here from New England, and it's been a wild ride. Absolutely nothing like it. It's a little hard being here in your early 20s (unless you're in school). Every young person I talk to is itching to leave. 




 I'd want them to be an intellectual. By this, I mean they don't always use simple language to express complex ideas. I want to hear those complex ideas in full, with numbers and big words a lot of people might need to look up the definition of. Their inaugural address should have less applause, and be one giant speech. 

With recent SOTUs, for every minute of speech there is 30 seconds of applause. That's not right. (Source: Elvin Lim, "The Anti-Intellectual Presidency).  




 No issue!

I'm often coming across profiles of girls who don't want you to message them if you have a shirtless pic, so a lot don't seem to like it. It could work if it's not too obvious you're trying to show off (like doing a shirtless mirror pic). Training outside might be okay, if you do it. 




 I wouldn't say either of those are bad, but I can see why you feel that way.

Just try and closer up photos of you doing things. Kind of like you holding up that sign, but just something more clear so we can see you easier. 




 I don't think you're bad looking, but I wouldn't say you have great pics. Your main doesn't show you at all, which I'm sure you know. That's a little bit of a problem. 

You should add something a little more serious to "What I'm Doing With My Life". Like what are you *actually* doing with your week? Job? School? Etc.

Overall, it's not too bad. 




 But is she qt? 




 Packing shit for a move to Utah. I have one shot at the perfect job in SLC, and have to nail everything right to get it.

Plzpray4me 




 Moving into the danger zone

Yelling obscenities at school children

So far, I've yet to do either of these things. I feel sort of bad for making such a big lie. 




 Look up your state's grand lodge ("Grand Lodge of New York") and find their website. You do not always have to be Mason to qualify for the scholarship, and many assist the financially needy. 

If you find the website, don't be afraid to contact them directly to inquire about what you're looking for. One of the tenets of Freemasonry is to engage in philanthropy, so your state lodge should be more than willing to point you in the right direction. For contact, you should usually look for the email/phone of a secretary.  




 Whoa, you're right. I've walked by that lodge a few times, and have never heard of anything happening there. Wonder why that is? It's got to be operating, right?  




 Freemason here. We're a fraternity of dudes hanging out twice a month. We do rituals, walk in parades, eat dinners, and sometimes drink. 

People like to pretend we control the world, but not really. This comes from the fact a lot of important people in the past have been Masons, and they may have held important power at one point, but no longer. 

As for provisions, there are scholarships, burial funds, widow funds, and that sort of thing. Nothing too fancy.  




 I got wicked sick and had feelings of strong regret for literally minutes :c

Plz forgive. 




 1) Add more to your profile pictures that don't show the same angle twice

2) Start your sentence and paragraphs with "I" less

3) Condense your favorites list so it's not so long when scrolling 




 250-300 miles of my town in Wyoming. 




 I don't hate it or anything, but I've yet to see anyone answer "normal" to "Would you rather be weird or normal?" 




 Hey, AmeriCorp, that's pretty cool! I'm currently serving myself and it's pretty dope. Honestly, everything looks pretty good to me. Cute and funny. 




 1) Get rid of that selfy (pic #4) - not very flattering. 

2) You have two pictures showing you play the violin Not terrible, but maybe mix it up a bit?

3) Everything reads pretty generic. I'm not picking up anything super unique about your personality. Try and be a little more creative with some things, like with the "Message me if" section. What you want in a woman just sounds plain. Maybe that is really what you want, but it's not an attention getter. 




 First, once you plan a regular meeting time, stick to it, no matter what, even if only two people will be there. Keep it consistent so you don't miss newcomers. 

Second, collaborate with any other political groups on projects. Your group is going to start out small, so you need to build your network of other active students. Is the Black Student Union holding a rally on prison reform? Great, go ask how you can help. Is the Conservative Party club hosting a debate? See if you can join in. 

And third, assuming you're American, if your club runs into any issues with your school censoring you, hit up FIRE (thefire.org), and they'll give you a hand in suing or getting publicity.  




 I ran a political club at my school - it's hard to keep interest and grow the club. People get busy, stop caring, unless you do cool events. 

Do you have any particular interests (drug war, prisons, etc.)? There are groups I can mention that send out free things for college clubs.  




 I'd invest it to buy my own apartment complex (10-20 tenets), then lease half of the units to full rent paying tenets, and lease the other half to poorer tenets, who's rent is subsidized by the other half. This is actually the model my current housing complex runs off of, and it's pretty neat.  




 The point is preferences are wrong and everyone should just like everyone! /s 




 If the first reply is short, I'll build off that. In your example I'd ask about what they did in Japan and ask something else from their profile. If they continue with another short reply, I give up.  




 Just adding another accepting faith to the mix: A lot of Quakers will incorporate Buddhist/Eastern teachings into their lives. This works particularly well because Quaker meetigs for worship are generally silent (depending on the type of meeting), so it's easy to use mediation during such times.

That said, /u/tripletrules answer is for sure what many Evangelical Christians in the South might think of these Eastern philosophies.  




 Try and be a bit more creative with "you should message me if". Plenty of people have what you have, so having something unique helps you stand out.  




 You can sort of do this when you rank questions "What you care about", which should work great if you only have a select number of things which are very important to you in finding a match. 




 Everyone is different. Not every guy enjoys constant talking, or needs it.

Do you mean he logged into OKC after you texted him? If he did that, then maybe he lost interest. Why not message him there? Ask him what's up and if everything is okay.

 




 Sometimes I take a few days to talk with someone again. It's nothing personal, I just like my alone time for a while and need to recharge. Or something comes up which makes me hella focused on other things besides my SO/dates. So the silence doesn't always have anything to do with you; there can be other factors at play. 




 1) I like ll of your photos, they show you being active and positive which is always a good thing.

2) Try and start sentences with "I" less so there's a better flow, especially with each of your paragraphs in your opening section. You could also cut some things down. For example: 

"I want to have a relationship of the sort where we can tease each other constantly while still caring for each other and being cute together." -- "It'd be great if we could tease each other in that cute way that couples do." 

"The current plan is to go into journalism once I graduate because I enjoy writing and want to work in an area where I can help make a difference." -- "The current plan is to go into journalism, where it's easy to make a difference with words."

"I feel like this is a strange thing to put down, but upon meeting people there tends to be a "guess the ethnicity" game. I guess I don't look like what people expect since I tend to get Spanish, Italian, and Greek a lot." -- "People like to guess my ethnicity a lot. They're hardly ever wrong/right. It's still a fun game to play."

3) "I'm grew up in a conservative household but am personally socially liberal." Made a grammar error there! I'm -- I

 




 Common courtesy. And you can sometimes find ways to google a profile based off a picture, whereas that's harder to do with Tinder. 




 Agreed. I never liked professional looking photos as a main, unless they show something interesting. So a change for a main could go a long way.  




 That's a very good point, though certainly Turkey, Russia and India aren't nearly as unstable as Pakistan, or in danger of becoming unstable like Iran one day. 

Plus, Pakistan isn't in danger of a new civil war, and they've been fighting jihadists for a while now, so I'm sure they know how to protect their nukes. Still, I suppose their bombs could always fall into the wrong hands. Certainly makes me think! 




 I am opposed to the amendment for reasons already stated, however, I am totally for having a national discussion about it, and having states vote Nay or Yea on choosing to adapt the amendment. It'd be a great moment for our country to learn more about the Constitution, and the process of changing it.  




 The current Iranian government probably is smart enough yes, but we have no idea what the country will look like in the future. It's possible Iran could see another movement like the Green Revolution, and it's possible said movement could descend into chaos, field by a region already in turmoil. In such a situation, I would be concerned about nuclear weapons falling into the hands of any rebel factions (pro-Israel or not).  




 And really, it's kind of important point to make right now. There's been a lot of talk during this legislative secession about what to do about the drop in oil prices, and how that will change how the state spends and saves. For years, Wyoming has been one of the few states to run a surplus in revenue due to conservative spending, and the oil business bringing profits to the state. But now that those profits are in danger, as well as people losing their jobs, a lot of legislators are looking to protect the coal industry.  




 I think you mean *Alex*. ;) 




 Maybe the hardship of finding an apartment if you're a Native in Fremont County? I've talked with a lot of Natives who get tuned away by landlords, simply because their last name is Brown.  




  The pastor turned to Kasha, You should repent! God, he destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah just because of gays!
 
 Kasha yelled back, Let his creator judge him! Not you! Not any of you here!

Such a powerful part. Thanks for sharing this OP, it's very beautiful with all it's imagery (though tragic the story is). 




 I'm down! 




 Amongst everything else mentioned here, you also have to consider the American allies who would be quick to denounce such an action. 

Relations with countries like Japan, Canada, or the UK would be severely harmed.  




 For Quakers, the vision statement is:

 We envision a vital and growing Religious Society of Friendsa faith that deepens spiritually, welcomes newcomers, builds supportive and inclusive community, and provides loving service and witness in the world.
 
 Through Friends General Conference, we see Quakers led by the Spirit joining together in ministry to offer services that help Friends, meetings, and seekers explore, deepen, connect, serve and witness within the context of our living faith. 




 Yes, because they're spending money in large sums to influence government. The average citizen doesn't have the kind of money to play into games of "favorites" and "well-connections" that Washington runs on. So get *all* money out of politics. 




 Sticky post on the front page of this subreddit explains it. 




 And it's $600m too much. Get money out of politics. We need to stop letting any industry, or group, from squashing  the little man. 

Your average Joe can't compete with $600m or $900m. You're right, this isn't democracy, it's an oligarchy for the rich and well connected. So ban unions, the Koch's, scientists, banks, and everyone else from destroying the system. 

 




 Individually, no union spends nearly as much as the Koch's, this is true, but the industry itself spends $600m: https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indus.php?id=P year=a
 




 Dirty federal employee (volunteer program).  




 I'm sorry :( I got a nasty stomach bug. Plz forgive.  




 Taking the money out of it renders lobbying for certain issues almost useless. You won't be able to have groups like the ACLU (who pay lobbyists).  




 Then how can we get laws passed or inform politicians about laws? I've lobbied by talking to state representatives about passing a law in my state. Many of the representatives I contacted had never heard of the bill that I was trying to get passed.  




 I'll be there!  




 Much better. The rest seems pretty okay to me.  Good luck!  




 You mention working for a non-profit and moving overseas twice in two different sections. That's repetitive, and unnecessary.  




 Nothing terrible, and I like your pictures, though I would replace your main with the picture of you on the horse, because it's sort of cute and funny and shows you doing something "interesting".

What happened before the Big Bang? The Big Date?

I liked this part, made me chuckle. 




 I work with Native Americans, and it's a hard mindset to explain, especially if you're not Native/Aboriginal. Speaking only for the two tribes I work with (and based on my conversations with tribal members), they are generally very distrusting of the US government, and whites in general. There are still Natives on my local reservation who went to boarding schools where their Native culture was stripped from them, depriving them of their heritage. These young kids were also beat, or raped. And mind you, this wasn't all that long ago, so the events are still fresh in people's minds.

So you're talking about groups who can still remember when a white government was beating and raping their children. It's not easy convincing them that "everything's better now, trust us!", especially when it often isn't (at least for some US reservations). 




 Tag line is good enough reason for me. 




 North Dakota DOES exist, despite what all these naysayers tell you. 




 It's hard to have this conversation because Malcolm changed his mind towards the end of his life, before being killed. He began preaching the same message MLK was, more or less.  




 On the whole, probably not. However, we may see states adapt such measures on their own, like how Vermont tried to get single-payer healthcare up and running, but was unable to due to cost.  




 Try paddling to "the spit" in Scituate. It's a nice sandbar where boaters gather to party during the summer. Should be quiet this time of year. 




 I didn't even know this was a thing. I feel so left out. 
























 Alright, so if I think my local laundromat has boxes of drugs in the basement, am I allowed to break in and investigate? Honest question, because the other user seems to be implying that'd be perfectly legal, and that doesn't seem correct (though I really have no idea). To me, that seems to be what the bill is about. 

As for why farms, it's because Wyo. has a huge farming community, and I always figured states created laws to cater to what's relevant.  




 Here's something from Slate saying why the practice would be good for women:

http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2013/04/legalize_polygamy_marriage_equality_for_all.html 




 * High taxes on the rich

* Reduction of wealth inequality 

* Labor rights

* Fighting religious influence 

* Gun control 

* Leveling the socio-economic playing field through government action (such as affirmative action)

* At one point being anti-war, but the progressive silence during Obama's tenure has changed that

* Feminist positions (pro-choice, etc)

* LGBT rights    

* Anti-privatization 

* Anti-charter schools  




 I'd think you'd only be allowed into a strangers home if you suspect someone (or something like an animal) is in need of immediate help. I don't think, for example, I can just break into your home if I suspect you for smoking crack and want to collect evidence. The legal thing would be to call the authorities. 

I could be wrong though, so let me know if I am.   




 Casper with the Red Cross. But rent is like ten billion dollar :(  




 They can be protected if they remain anonymous. That's fine, as they're not trespassing since they are employees.  




 Good. In case things go wrong, hit the gym, and lawyer up.  




 Yes. Browsing invisibly is a good touch for me.  




 Should trespassers not be charged? I'm stuck on that question. On one hand, I know some farms can be abusive, but on another, private property is private, and I don't see what's wrong with strengthening protections against intruders. What's the alternative? To force farms to let anyone who asks to come on in?  




 I'm looking for the same thing. Even /r/libertarian is bad. 
The only pro-capitalism sub I've found to be tolerable is /r/anarcho_capitalism.      




 Is that a bad thing? I need to keep some money of mine - if someone took all, I'd be homeless.  









 Pretty much not expected, but if I'm really stuck somewhere and they spend a good amount of time getting me out, I'll throw them a little something.  




 Making it look like I'm active 




 When I got an awesome job offer...that was in Wyoming again. Fuck. 




 What's your favorite book, album and movie? 




 What do you do there? 




 From the right-libertarian perceptive, liberty would include things like property, the right to vote (if that applies), right to a fair trial (if that applies) and so on. More or less, you can look to the US Constitution for examples of this. It's the basic right to your personhood.  




 I was supposed to have drinks with a date but she canceled due to illness. Drank anyway at a bar. Listened to music. Cried tears of much sadness on the drive home.  




 Met for beers two hours North of me. Talked China, Mormons, and other things. Played pool. Simple and easy. Not sure she wants a second date though. 

1/10 for that reason alone.  




 How much wood could a woodchuck chuck wood if a woodchuck could chuck wood? 




 Goes great with a side of Sarah Silverman.  




 Something cool I heard about him was that he originally thought the Constitution was a racist piece of law, but after studying it some more he changed his mind and found it to be good for African-Americans.  




 The Drudge isn't a news source. It links to other sites, and doesn't report anything on it's own.  




 Highfive, obviously  




 Effort, probably. Tinder is easier to use and set up.  









 I bookmark interesting people with really long profiles, who I might message later in the year. 




 * Someone to go dancing with me, while inebriated by substances

* Going church to church to see where the qt's are 




 At this current moment, I'm comfortable with having a relationship. With Yemen, Syria, and Iraq all in turmoil, it's good to have an ally on the ground. Certainly I agree that SA's human abuse issues are very bad, and should not be overlooked, but we should wait to evaluate the relationship until after ISIS and the Yemenis rebels are taken care of.  




 I've been in Utah a month and already got work at a cal center (and got three other offers). Look around the outskirts of SLC (Provo, Orem) and you might have better luck.   

The call center I'm going to be working for is looking for new hires. Would you be interested in doing that? 




 I've gotten 5 dates on OKC in a month, but only one through Tinder during the same time. OKC is way easier if you use it right.  




 Look to the North Shore or South Shore. Towns like Cohasset, Beverly, and Marblehead have such places.   




 Very true. The dealership often can't tell the true condition of the car until they get a full look at it. Number of miles on it are also a factor into lowering the price.  




 Awesome list. Saved.  




 That's super interesting! Got any sources? NYT, RT, WSJ, etc? I'd love to write about this for a blog team I'm a part of, just having difficulty finding any sources on the matter. 




  You are waiting for what evidence, exactly? People who have worked on these teams have themselves come out and made posts about it with their instruction booklets or memos(no I don't have sources because I'm not writing a peer-reviewed scientific journal entry, sorry, you can google it though

You mean posts on Reddit? That's not really credible, is it? Peer reviewed journalists aren't the only ones that use sources - anyone making claims usually have them. For example, I can say the Moon is made of cheese. The only way I could convince anyone of that would be proof, right? Or should people just take it at face value?

Do I suspect companies are playing Reddit? Sure, it might be a thing. But every time I ask for proof so I can convince others, I get non-answers and I'm told to just "think about it". Very frustrating. I'm just so skeptical because of the amount times I personally have been called a shill (which would be nice, but is sadly false).
 




 Which ever ones have proof and sources are fine! I keep digging, but I'm not coming up with a lot of solid proof, just a lot of speculation without sources. 




 Damn, most if those aren't actually about Obama's recovery package that went to the roads. Ah well, thanks for trying! I guess I'll just have to wait until someone else provides better links.  




 So you don't think the lack of evidence has any barring on folks being outraged? Just speaking for myself, if I saw more evidence of astroturfing, I'd be mad. But I can't be because I don't see it. My guess (and you can prove me wrong here) is a majority of folk are the same way.   




 That place will accuse anyone of being a shill. I have some conservative views, and was called a shill at least three times for espousing them.  




 Probably because we haven't really caught people doing this. Most accusations are speculation, and don't carry proof.  




 This is my most successful method, too. What I do is I offer the date without time it place specifics. That way we set those two things up via texting, and everything is easier.  




 So which rich and connected persons then? Googling for names isn't helping me find out who you're talking about.  




 How do you mean? I saw plenty of stimulus projects at work a few years ago. Which rich specifically?  




 Yup. I had a girl message me back two months later. She apologized, and wrote a good response. Wasn't an issue.  




 I would take new ones. The other two are okay, but you need more for sure! 




 Your main has bad lighting, so it's not particularly flattering. 

I found the time travel joke a bit overused. Using it once or twice is okay, but more than that feels boring.  




 Do you know any details? Like time? 




 An American guy flipped off the police every time he drove by them. They would pull him over for it (not sure if they cited him or anything). He later sued and won.  




 I would use the dog pic as your main. It's really cute.  




 I had some food with two homeless gentlemen earlier, Mike and JP. It was really cute how they got so sleepy after they ate a full meal in God knows how long. They took me to the shelter they're at and told me their stories. Pretty cool experience. 

 




 It shouldn't be. It's clear many Millennials are turning towards libertarianism and socialism due to a lack of connection with the two parties. Diversity in the political field is exactly what this country needs.    




 Some people think jet fuel couldn't possibly melt the steal beams of the World Trade Centers (which is what is commonly accepted as the cause for why the buildings fell). If these people are right, that would mean the buildings fell for someone other reason, namely, explosives (some people think the planes were carrying missiles or were missiles themselves).  




 There definitely are. A good portion identify as libertarian too. Groups like Students For Liberty and Young Americans For Liberty have a growing presence at CPAC and college campuses.     




 No, nor do many universalists. Sin comes from scripture, telling us what God wants an doesn't want. Many universalists don't read such scripture, so it's an irrelevant topic.  




 Seconded. I'm a deist, and also a universalist. I have to mark "other" on my profile because I'm not sure how else to describe it. I'm religious in that I believe in God, but don't follow any scripture. 

 




 Hmm. You're right. Seniors are better targets.  




 Ur just jealous. 

(I'll be shaving within a week or two).  




 It's funny about the bi-thing. Most of my visitors are guys (which I expected), but even they seemed turned off/aren't messaging. 

And yes, I'm messaging first when I can. 

Thanks for the tip!  









 I'm with Americorps, and our living stipend is not made for super expensive places like Casper.  My job is looking to move me there, but I just don't know what to do. I can afford around 400 a month, maybe 500 if utilities are included. 

There are a couple places I've found online which seem to serve low income individuals. What kind if prices should I expect from there?  




 One really bad thing is cost of rental. A lot of 1br places are 800+. Really crazy.  




 More local government, less federal government. That is, a state/province should have a lot more power when determining it's own destiny. 

Also, many want public utilities replaced by private companies.    




 I'm not sure on figures, but it rarely seems to work for attracting celebrities. However, requests for less famous type people (magicians, truck drivers, fast food workers) seem to have a fair chance of getting an AMA.  




 When we report using the app, who receives our report?   




 That was until he visited Mecca, where he saw integration working.  




 Love their laughs. Thanks for sharing! 




 That's a cool suggestion! Thanks for the link! 




 I'd say so, especially if you're part of that group. How are groups supposed to self improve if no one (outsiders or insiders) criticize them when they do wrong? At one point in time, western political thought was dominated by racism, sexism, and colonialism. Had people followed your line of thought, nothing would have ever changed because everyone was doing it, so why bother?   




 So then what's the proper way to criticize a group when you see trends, like the ones the speaker pointed out? 




 One can criticize a single group without having to criticize all groups.  




 Was this in utah? 




 It's a joke. Someone snagged it before actual people from SF could. 




 Sometimes VICE and Reason, which cover a of issues like police abuse and war. 




 I'll say 2 is the lie. It was Morgan Freeman instead, wasn't it? 









 How often do you break things in the lab if you're drinking? Last time I drank at work, the whole place burned down. Need ideas on how to avoid that.   




 Seconded with FIRE. Amazing group.  




 Liberal Mormons seem to be common for SLC 




 It can mean either. In my experience, if they want you to have a license from the state they are located in, the company will give you time to get one.   




 All good points to me! How would I go about putting a union job on a resume, though? "Worked for unionized call center doing A, B  amp; C"? 




 I'm assuming you went to ISFLC? Hope you had fun, glad you made it safe!  




 Appreciate the write up! Job security is definitely a concern of mine, so that's a great point on disciplinary action.  




 Got two offers from two different call centers. One is union at 10/hr, the other is non-union at 12/hr. I could do either just fine, but the union one also seems to offer better full-time benefits. 

What would you do? 




 If I suspect someone is going to ask me if we're Amish, I just start slinging plainspeak around.  




 Seconding on length. Cut it down like a lumberjack in a forest.  




 Mucho gracias! 




 Hopefully I'm doing this right:

You've reached my profile, please send a message after the beep.

Rejected from Massachusetts, new to the West. Show me around your town, and I'll buy us matching socks. Often hanging around SLC at museums and libraries.

Simplicity is my goal. You'll find I don't own much, with great pleasure. It's an easy lifestyle, ya dig?

Mover, shaker, also a Quaker. And before you ask, no, not like the Amish. 




 The American Friends Service Committee. It does a lot of broad work on ending racism, war, and poverty. Besides my occasional donation, I'm a part of my local Quaker community, where we discuss such things at the local level. 

http://afsc.org 




 Went to a concert Friday night with a girl (Authority Zero, Reel Big Phish, Less Than Jake). Didn't see her dancing much, so I thought it was a waste. Wound up going back to my place anyway. She talked a lot though. Like, a real lot.  




 Do different tribes stereotype one another? As in, would tribe X have stereotypes about tribe Y? And if so, what kind of stereotypes are there? 




 Doing pretty well myself. Killer profile, good pics, and a killer message is all it takes. Practice makes perfect. Just keep working at it, and get that critique.  




 I don't think mentioning work for people my age (18-23) is that important. A majority of us are in school and working part-time, or working full-time but not at a fulfilling job. The job market sucks for Millennials     




 I'm getting job offers and interviews after only being in my state for since the start of the month. Feels good.  




 Not totally sure, but there'd probably be needed proof that it's actually alcohol, regardless of what the bottles might look like. Again, could just be water, even if the bottle says it's not. 

When you get in trouble with the law, there needs to be proof 




 There'd also need to be proof of what is in the beverage. You could be faking being drunk, and your drink could just be water.  




 Another difference (for the US) is a college can be 2 year or 4 year, but a university is always 4 year.   




 I've just started viewing apartments on my own, and have no idea what I should be asking. I know to ask about rent and utilities, and move in dates, but what else should I know? 




 Message me if section only says "you want to" 




 Lol no we dnt jk 




 Acting stupid cute with me is the way to my heart.  




 I've had a two first messages from girls, lots of guys but none of them said anything beyond "hello how are you".  




 7 hours. Yup, desperate as fuck.  




 A girl mentioned having a minor in Chinese. I know a bit and sent her something asking her general questions. I reviewed the message later, and the grammar was shit.

Oh well.  




 Yup. After trying search on the website via Safari, I got a message saying the search function was overloaded.  




 Same age and same grade for me. Remember watching the news but not understanding what the heck was going on. Didnt seem very special until a few years later.  




 No issue!  




 Maybe you can if I run again :p

Because if I didn't run, the cop would run opposed. WE NEED CHOICES, DAMNIT 




 I did! Ran for state rep. I was never, ever going to win (the city had a clear preference for one party). But I got 16% of the vote. 

A lot of people were mad at me for running, and the local paper announced my candidacy with this title: "John Smith (the cop) announces bid for seat, faces no serious competition". 

Makes my heart sink :( 
























 What about donating them to a local college or high school? 




 Seconded. This is a great site, it helped me get a feel for which candidates supported what last election cycle.  




 If I'm posting in New York City, I select New York University as my school from a list of schools near me, and then my post falls under that category (NYU).  




 It's just an anonymous posting board. Generally the stuff posted there is pretty similar like "To that hot girl in calculus, I love you". It's not a networking site like FB.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2yrk5n/what_is_being_triggered_why_are_people_shitlords/ 









 Some poll data on what British folk think of leaving the EU:

http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/21/eu-referendum-majority-leave-opinium-observer-poll 




 Also the Vietnam War protests. There were a few violent protests during those (like the famous incident at the DNC), but these protests definitely had an affect on Nixon and Johnson, as well as other Americans. 




 How do you mean? The harassment of any student, regardless of class, is punishable by law. The issue here is that what constitutes as harassment has a strict definition and not all universities adhere to said definition. Here's an example of vague harassment language:

http://www.thefire.org/speech-code-of-the-month-salem-state-university/ 




 Are you planning on creating a group? This would be be a mighty fine way of getting members for such. 

Good job though! 




 In order for such a movement to work, there has to be some sort of shared cause that cries for action. American and Canadian college students have squatted their school's before in retaliation against rising tuition costs. Here's one such instance of that: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_California_college_tuition_hike_protests

So, before you get to the steps of organizing, ask, what needs to be done for your fellow students? Maybe your school costs too much, maybe there's some policy that is problematic, maybe your school has faculty who are unfair to students in one way or the other. 

If you can determine that indeed there is a problem that many students agree needs addressing, then is the time to start planning. But make sure the problem has legitimacy. Rioting over a lack of soft drinks in the vending machines looks petty, for example.    




 Good explanation, thank you! 




 Interesting perspective, thanks for the info. 

And the depiction of Irish characters in TV shows implies the people involved couldn't even be bothered reading a wikipedia article on the country.

I'm not really familiar with Irish characters on TV, so what would you say these shows get wrong?   




 Yup, this is my view of it. I'm willing to accept that communism has never been achieved, at least recently.  




 Yup, Paul got it right during the debates. Iran has seen both it's Eastern and Western neighbors invaded by the US, European powers, and the USSR. It's totally understandable for them to want to be more protected from foreign invasion.    




 I should mention I'm not an official rep of FIRE or anything, I've merely worked with them on a few projects. 

The issue I have is with _your organization's_ decision to define 1.) political issues as free speech issues and 2.) free speech at private institutions as matters of contract

This is how it legally is defined, on both accounts. For the second point, you really are signing away your ability to speak on some issues and face consequence, in the same vain that when I take a job, I can call my boss an idiot, but most likely I'll be fired for doing so. There is nothing in federal law that states a private college must adhere to the same guidelines as public institutions. States likes (like California) may have these things, of course. But if the state doesn't, there's little to be done: you signed a contract with a group that is not held to to the same legal standards as other places. 

Now, if you want to change the law as your advocating, the only way to do it would be to get SCOTUS to make some sort of ruling, or to change the Constitution. 

I would agree with your LGBT example, though. That's certainly a restriction, and one that needs change, but from internal sources, and not external.  




 I actually like her stance. Gay explosives are very dangerous.  




 this seems weird to me: your stance is that if the school does not claim to honor freedom of speech you won't pursue a freedom of speech issue there and the school is off the hook?

Suing a private school, like UM in the instance stated above, would result in failure due to their protections under the law. If such lawsuits were successful, schools like BYU (which adheres to the strict honor codes of the Mormon faith) couldn't operate as they do (where you can be penalized for drinking, smoking, and having sex *off* campus property). Now, that's not to say nothing can be done. Like in the UM example, public pressure can still do wonders for getting a school to change their mind and reverse problematic policies. However, legally, there isn't much leeway. 

Public universities, of course, are completely bound by First Amendment rulings, as these institutions function off of public funds (and voluntary private donations). Legally, they are bound to give students the right to free speech

Edit: 

By this logic wouldn't the best course of action for all universities just be to have the students sign a free speech waiver?

You actually do this for private universities. Like with BYU, you sign that honor code before attendance. Which is why FIRE doesn't have much of a problem here: you're signing and choosing to go somewhere that doesn't have to honor your rights. The issue here is when a private university claims to adhere to freedom of speech, but actually doesn't, which can go against contracts with students. 




 FIRE writes of such schools:

"When a private university expresses its own values by stating both clearly and consistently that it holds a certain set of values above a commitment to freedom of speech, FIRE does not rate [ that university [with their speech code ratings guide]."

In most states private universities can still more or less do as they wish, due to that clause about no necessary amount of public funding holding the college accountable to the First Amendment. From a previous FIRE case:

 SCENARIO: You wish to start up a student group that discusses conservative philosophy, and you apply for funding from student fees, just like dozens of other groups at your public university. The student government, which recognizes student groups, refuses to recognize your group because, it argues, there is already one other recognized conservative group on campus, namely, the College Republicans. On the other hand, the student government has formally recognized dozens of other closely related student groups. Can it deny funding to your group?
 
 This scenario happened at the University of Miami (UM). A group of women attempted to form a conservative organization, Advocates for Conservative Thought (ACT). Its purpose was "the exposition and promotion of conservative principles and ideas." ACT was repeatedly denied funding by UM, because, the student government claimed, its intended purpose would "overlap" with the College Republicans and with one group that promoted nonpartisan political debate. FIRE wrote a letter to UM"s president, pointing out that the school could not deny funding to one group because of its viewpoint while allowing dozens of other groups on the other side of the spectrum their individual recognition.
 
 Such discrimination against a group based purely on the proposed purpose and ideology of the group is in direct violation of the Supreme Court"s prohibitions against content-based and viewpoint discrimination. It also violates the same free association rights that applied in the scenario relating to freedom of religious association (see Scenario 11, above).
 
 The Supreme Court has also established that each such freely organized group has the right to equal student funding at public universities, and may not be discriminated against on the basis of the content of the group"s ideology. In University of Wisconsin v. Southworth (2000), the Court held that a public university must distribute funds equally to each recognized group on campus without any consideration of the organization"s viewpoint. Under Southworth, if the university does not comply with this limitation, it may not charge mandatory student fees to support extracurricular activities.
 
 No matter what your group"s ideology, the purpose and content of your organization may not be grounds for denying your group official recognition as a student group. Furthermore, there is a strong constitutional right of voluntary association that allows individuals to form groups with a purpose and content of their choosing. Your group may be denied recognition on other legitimate grounds (such as insufficient membership), but the purpose and belief system of your group should never be the factor that prevents your group from gaining recognition and equal access to the school"s resources.
 
 UM is a private university, and not bound by Southworth, but FIRE raised the issue of whether it was willing to deny its students the fundamental rights and legal equalities granted by any public college. In response to FIRE"s letter and press release, the university president convened an urgent meeting. Immediately after the meeting, ACT was informed that it would receive official recognition regardless of its content or purpose. UM President Donna Shalala wrote to FIRE to thank it for bringing this vital matter to her attention. The moral? Constitutional principles are so often not merely legal principles, but moral principles, as well. Colleges and universities ignore them to their shame and peril. 

As for why California made that specific exemption in regards to religious school's, I can't comment. 




 FIRE's student guide actually addresses the very thing you're talking about in regards to funding:
 
 Individual State Laws Affecting Private Institutions
 
 In America, legal rights can vary dramatically from state to state. The United States Constitution, however, limits the extent to which any state may regulate private universities, because the Bill of Rights (which applies both to the states and to the federal government) protects private institutions from excessive government interference. In particular, the First Amendment protects the academic freedom of colleges and universities at least as much as (and frequently more than) it protects that of the individuals at those institutions.
 
 Fortunately, decent societies have historically found ways to protect individuals from indecent behavior. Many states follow doctrines from the common law, which evolved as the foundation of most of our states" legal systems. For example, some states have formulated common-law rules for associationswhich include private universitiesthat prohibit "arbitrary and capricious" decision making and that require organizations, at an absolute minimum, to follow their own rules and to deal in good faith with their members. These standards can provide a profoundly valuable defense of liberty in the politically supercharged environment of the modern campus, where discipline without notice or hearing is all too common. (For more information about how to combat the lack of due process on university campuses, see also FIRE"s Guide to Due Process and Fair Procedure on Campus, available at www.thefire.org.)
 
 In most states, court decisions have established that school policies, student handbooks, and other documents represent a contract between the college or university and the student. In other words, universities must deliver the rights they promise. Most campuses explicitly promise a high level of free speech and academic freedom, and some (including some of the most repressive in actual practice) do so in ringing language that would lead one to believe that they will protect their students" rights well beyond even constitutional requirements.
 
 Since universities have the power to rewrite these contracts unilaterally, courts, to help achieve fairness, typically will interpret the rules in a student handbook or in other policies with an eye toward what meaning the school should reasonably expect students or parents to see in them. As a consequence, the university"s interpretation of its handbook is less important than the reasonable expectations of the student.
 
 Importantly, some states have statutes (or state constitutional provisions) that provide students at private schools with some measure of free speech rights. For example, California"s so-called "Leonard Law" (more technically, Section 94367 of California"s Education Code) states that "no private postsecondary educational institution shall make or enforce any rule subjecting any student to disciplinary sanctions solely on the basis of conduct that is speech or other communication that ... is protected from governmental restriction by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution or Section 2 of Article 1 of the California Constitution."
 
 In other words, students at California"s private, secular colleges and universities (the Leonard Law does not to apply to students at religious colleges) enjoy the same level of free speech rights as students at California"s public colleges. Other states, while not protecting students" rights to the same extent that California does, have ruled that private universities may not make blanket rules restricting speech. In the case of State of New Jersey v. Schmid (1980), the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that a state constitutional guaranteethat "every person may freely speak ... on all subjects"prevents Princeton University (even though a private school) from enforcing a comprehensive rule that required all persons unconnected with the university to obtain permission before distributing political literature on campus. This ruling, however, certainly did not grant students at private colleges the same rights as those at public universities.
 
 While the Leonard Law and Schmid are important to the discussion of free speech at private campuses, students should not conclude that similar statutes or cases exist in the majority of states. In fact, far more states have rejected claims of rights to freedom of expression on privately owned property than have accepted such claims. (For a comprehensive overview of the law regarding freedom of expression at private institutions, see former FIRE Justice Robert H. Jackson Legal Fellow Kelly Sarabyn"s legal scholarship on the subject: "Free Speech at Private Universities," Journal of Law   Education, Vol. 39, p. 145 [April 2010].)
 
 Beyond rights that are protected explicitly by contract or by statute, however, state law provides common-law rules against misrepresentation. Simply put, there is a long tradition of laws against fraud and deceit. Very often, a university"s recruiting materials, brochures, and even its "admitted student" orientationswhich are designed to entice a student to attend that institution rather than anotherwill loudly advertise the institution"s commitment to "diversity," "academic freedom," "inclusion," and "tolerance." Students will be assured that they will be "welcomed" or find a "home" on campus, regardless of their background, religion, or political viewpoint. Promises such as these will often lead students to turn down opportunities (and even scholarships) at other schools and to enroll in the private secular university. If these promises of "tolerance" or of an equal place in the community later turn out to be demonstrably false, a university could find itself in some legal jeopardy. The law prohibits deceptive promises that cause the deceived person to sign a contract, and such prohibitions against false advertising can be used in a quite credible effort to force a change in an administration"s behavior. As noted, our colleges and universities should honor their promises.
 
 There is a final source of possible legal protection for a student at a private university, although it involves a particularly difficult legal and political question: When does the extent of the government"s involvement in the financing and governance of a self-proclaimed "private" college make it "public"? If that involvement goes beyond a certain point, it is possible that the institution will be found, for legal purposes, to be "public," and in that case all constitutional protections will apply. This happened, for example, at the University of Pittsburgh and at Temple University, both in Pennsylvania. State laws there require that, in return for significant public funding, a certain number of state officials must serve on the universities" boards. That fact led these formerly "private" campuses to be treated, legally, as "public." Nonetheless, this is a very rare occurrence, and the odds of any private school being deemed legally public are very slim. Unless a school is officially public, one should always assume that the First Amendment does not directly apply.
 
 There are many students, faculty members, and even lawyers who believe, wholly erroneously, that if a college receives any federal or state funding it is therefore "public." In fact, accepting governmental funds usually makes the university subject only to the conditionssometimes broad, sometimes narrowexplicitly attached to those specific programs to which the public funds are directed. (The most prominent conditions attached to all federal funding are nondiscrimination on the basis of race and sex.) Furthermore, the "strings" attached to virtually all federal grants are not always helpful to the cause of liberty.
 
 As a legal matter, there is no specific level of federal funding that obligates a private college or institution to honor the First Amendment. Many factors, such as university governance, the appointment of trustees, and specific acts of legislation, need to be weighed in determining the status of any given institution. That should not stop students, however, from learning as much as they can about the funding and governance of their institution. There are moral and political questions that arise from such knowledge, beyond the legal issues. Do the taxpayers truly want to subsidize assaults on basic free speech and First Amendment freedoms? Do donors want to pay for an attack on a right that most Americans hold so dear? Information about funding and governance is vital and useful. For example, students may find that a major charitable foundation or corporation contributes a substantial amount of funds to their college, and they may inform that foundation or corporation about how the university selectively abuses the rights and consciences of its students. Colleges are extremely sensitive to contributors learning about official injustice at the institutions that those donors support. This is another example of our most general principle: Colleges and universities must be accountable for their actions.

http://www.thefire.org/fire-guides/fires-guide-to-free-speech-on-campus-3/read-online/ 




 How is the person speaking out silenced? Are they fined/imprisoned for their views? I'm not sure what you mean.

And are you referencing why SCOTUS defined sexual harassment as it did, or about something else? If it's about *Davis*, you can read the ruling here: http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US amp;vol=000 amp;invol=97-843 




 Already posted this to you, but I'll post it again for prosperity's sake. This is from FIRE's student guide:

In the landmark case of Davis v. Monroe County Board of Education (1999), the Supreme Court defined student-on-student hostile environment harassment as conduct "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive that it effectively bars the victim"s access to an educational opportunity or benefit." By definition, this includes only extreme and usually repetitive behaviorbehavior so serious that it would prevent a reasonable student from receiving his or her education. For example, in Davis, the conduct found by the Court to be actionable harassment was a months-long pattern of conduct including repeated attempts to touch the victim"s breasts and genitals and repeated sexually explicit comments directed at and about the victim.

...

Put simply, to be legally punishable as harassment, students must be far more than simply rude or offensive. Rather, they must be actively engaged in a specific type of discrimination, as defined by law. Under this doctrine, there is a pattern of behavior that may involve speech so strikingly awful and persistent, and so focused on a person"s status as a member of a protected class, that the law must treat it not simply as speech, but as discriminatory behavior that constitutes a civil rights violation. Precisely because the Supreme Court cases describe only very extreme forms of speech as "harassment," we believe that it makes good sense to think of speech-as-harassment in terms of time, place, and manner restrictions that the Constitution permits: If the speech is repeated, is uttered at inappropriate times and places, and is so uncivilized and pervasive so as to make the victim unable to attend to his or her studies and other activities, then it risks being prohibited and punished. In other words, protected speech cannot become unprotected harassment merely because of its message; rather, to qualify as harassment, one must consider how, when, and where the message was communicated.

That answers your question, yes? 




 And some excerpts from FIRE's student guide:

  Hate Speech
  
  The term "hate speech" is frequently applied as a synonym for speech that is racist, sexist, homophobic, or similarly pejorative. Even these types of speech, however, are protected by the First Amendment. This fact may come as a surprise to many, as a significant number of Americans incorrectly believe that hateful speech is not protected by the First Amendment. But there is no hate speech exception to the First Amendment, despite a widespread misconception to the contrary.
  
 If someone contends that a particular form of vitriolic speech can be prohibited (as opposed to criticized) because it is hate speech, you now know that this argument is without merit. In order for speech to be truly free, speech that conveys deeply offensive messages, including hate, must be protected. A free people have recourse to reason, evidence, outrage, and moral witness against such speech, but do not need to turn to coercive power to silence it.
 
 Although it is hardly admirable to use hate speech merely because the First Amendment allows it, colleges and universities, alas, often label as hate speech expression that is perfectly serious, thoughtful, and communicative, simply because it offends the sensibility of a handful of students, or, more likely, a handful of administrators. Thus, for example, a discussion of whether or not women are physically and temperamentally suited for military combat would be an entirely protected and serious exercise of speech in the public arena, but on certain campuses it would be judged, by some, to express a hateful attitude toward women. If some administrators had their way, all such disagreement would be hate speech.

 Universities use many legal theories, all of which lack merit, to justify such broad restrictions on speech. However, because it is overwhelmingly clear that the Constitution grants free speech protection to so-called hate speech, it is unlikely that your university counsel would try to justify its speech code to a court on the grounds that hate speech may be prohibited on a public university campus. Such a legal theory would be frivolous. On campus, however, too many students mistakenly believe that merely deeming expression "hate speech" is sufficient grounds for censorship and loss of First Amendment protection. It is your job to teach your fellow students that the right answer to hateful speech is more speech, and not silenceor silencing. As Justice Louis Brandeis famously wrote in a concurring opinion in Whitney v. California (1927), "the fitting remedy for evil counsels is good ones."

 In the landmark case of Davis v. Monroe County Board of Education (1999), the Supreme Court defined student-on-student hostile environment harassment as conduct "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive that it effectively bars the victim"s access to an educational opportunity or benefit." By definition, this includes only extreme and usually repetitive behaviorbehavior so serious that it would prevent a reasonable student from receiving his or her education. For example, in Davis, the conduct found by the Court to be actionable harassment was a months-long pattern of conduct including repeated attempts to touch the victim"s breasts and genitals and repeated sexually explicit comments directed at and about the victim.
 
 Harassment, properly understood and as defined by the Supreme Court, refers to conduct that is (1) unwelcome; (2) discriminatory (3) on the basis of a protected status, like gender, race, disability, or age; (4) directed at an individual; and (5) "so severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive, and ... [that] so undermines and detracts from the victims" educational experience, that the victim-students are effectively denied equal access to an institution"s resources and opportunities."
 
 It is worth reviewing each element of this definition. First, for conduct to constitute sexual harassment, the behavior in question must be "unwelcome," which means that the victim or victims found it "undesirable or offensive," and did not welcome, invite, seek out, or encourage it. Next, the behavior needs to be not only discriminatory, but also discriminatory on the basis of the victim"s protected class statusin other words, it needs to be negative behavior prompted by the victim"s race, gender, age, or disability. The behavior also needs to be aimed at an individual, rather than just general, broad-based actions without a specific target, and must be sufficiently severe and pervasive to drive a person off campus, depriving that person of his or her right to receive an education. "Objectively offensive" is an important requirement, because it shifts the consideration of the behavior from the subjective experience of a particular person (who might be very easily offended) to the experience of reasonable men and women. This is vital, making the standard for what is legally intolerable not the sensibilities of this or that possibly hypersensitive person, but rather the sensibilities of a typical, reasonable person. The behavior has to be both objectively offensive and perceived by the victim as offensive. Finally, the requirement that the behavior effectively deny "equal access" is also crucial, because it limits discriminatory harassment to conduct that is not only severe or pervasive and objectively offensive, but also so outrageous that it has the "systematic effect" of preventing the victim from getting an education.
 
 Put simply, to be legally punishable as harassment, students must be far more than simply rude or offensive. Rather, they must be actively engaged in a specific type of discrimination, as defined by law. Under this doctrine, there is a pattern of behavior that may involve speech so strikingly awful and persistent, and so focused on a person"s status as a member of a protected class, that the law must treat it not simply as speech, but as discriminatory behavior that constitutes a civil rights violation. Precisely because the Supreme Court cases describe only very extreme forms of speech as "harassment," we believe that it makes good sense to think of speech-as-harassment in terms of time, place, and manner restrictions that the Constitution permits: If the speech is repeated, is uttered at inappropriate times and places, and is so uncivilized and pervasive so as to make the victim unable to attend to his or her studies and other activities, then it risks being prohibited and punished. In other words, protected speech cannot become unprotected harassment merely because of its message; rather, to qualify as harassment, one must consider how, when, and where the message was communicated.
  




 Thanks for the awesome response. Lots of interesting points here. 

Are you seriously suggesting that toxic behavior in college campuses is just "different views"? Like it's just a difference of opinion if someone is subject to hate speech or sexually harassed in their university?

Hate speech and sexual harassment are criminal activities specifically defined by SCOTUS that can be prosecuted by the law. Neither FIRE nor myself defend these activities. What colleges define as those things though, aren't always in line with SCOTUS rulings (otherwise FIRE would never exist). FIRE has written about these differences in their student guides. 

Freedom of speech does not equal freedom from consequences of speech. My issue with this group stems from that they seem to adamantly insist the latter shouldn't be the case in the context of how universities decide to discipline their students

Absolutely there should be consequences, just social ones, and not legal/educational. SCOTUS has ruled out what hate speech and sexual harassment are, and if a public university isn't following these definitions, which are very specific, then they need to be prosecuted.   




 Okay, but my question is, when their attempts to achieve a goal of promoting free speech in universities accidentally supports hateful people...is that a goal worth achieving, at least in the way they're doing it?

Yes. Bigots exist in this world, we both know it. Should we shelter college students from that fact? Should we shelter them in how to deal with hard, important discussions about race, gender, history, religion and so on? Colleges are supposed to be a market place of ideas where discussions of all types are had so students can learn and proposer. 

Hate speech already has a strict, Constitutional definition, and often colleges might not follow through with adhering to what SCOTUS has ruled. 

Banning speech, in the *very* place it's supposed to be most free, is problematic.  




 Oh, harassment isn't covered under free speech law. FIRE has stated this, and won't defend students who are harassing others.  




 Oh I feel ya. I hate it when people with different views than me have the right to an education ;)

Check out that garage case I sent ya, and I recommend *Kindly Inquisitors* by  Jonathan Rauch, who writes about the importance of learning how to deal with bigotry in an open field, coming from the perspective as a gay man during the 70s. He talked at a FIRE conference I went to, and it was pretty cool learning about his experience.  




 I don't know if you'd qualify this case as having a victim, but I would: http://www.thefire.org/cases/valdosta-state-university-student-expelled-for-peacefully-protesting-parking-garages/ 




 I wouldn't say they are more concerned with one or the other, but rather that hate groups are challenged more by school policy. If a victim was being silenced by their school, and the silencing went against the Constitution, FIRE will step in.  




 FWIW, according to FIRE's data (which you can find on their site), nearly half of all American public colleges have rules in their policy books which go against the first amendment. So when they say such, they have their own data to back it up. On their site, go to any state an look at all the "Red Light" schools listed. You'll be able to see what rules they find problematic.  




 Their President is a liberal Democrat, if that matters at all. I've worked with FIRE on changing my school's policies, and they really are a diverse group. I wouldn't call them conservative or reactionary.   




 Howdy! This is my time to shine! I've worked with FIRE on changing my school's speech codes, and lobbied with them in Massachusetts for a certain law regarding college students and legal representation. I've also attended two of their seminars, and had a great talk with their current President. 

First, let me say that FIRE will stand for any group of any variant if their rights to free speech are harmed, or even bad policies are in place. For example, at my own school, a rule dictated that I couldn't annoy anyone. It didn't really clarify what that meant, the handbook simply just said it was against school policy to annoy someone. It's great to have anti-harassment policies, but not so great to have them be so vague they can be used to silence free speech. 

They have a few books you can order on their website, which I recommend reading (and I highly recommend *Unlearning Liberty* written by their current President). 

 what I can tell they don't seem to offer much support to marginalized victims.

They absolutely will help, if such a group is facing free speech issues. It doesn't matter what the group stands for, so long as their school is going against the First Amendment. 

Edit: Feel free to AMA about them. I've read a lot of their literature, and know a few of their workers personally.  




 You can also request FREE materials from Students For Liberty, while being a YAL chapter.  




 Yes, based in my interpretations, they are much more "conservative" theologically, in so much that they follow some form of simple Christianity, which Quakerism started out as just the same. 

And yeah, no music. Gotta sing in your head ;) 




 As the equal of all else mankind, you are no more lesser than a straight man. You are indeed his brother, as both of you are born of our creator. 

Thou art loved no matter thy condition.  




 No matter your sexual preference, remember you have the ability to access the channels of God through the Spirit through that voice that speaks within you. 

And no matter who or what you are, you are always a child of God, thus you are equal to all else of mankind.    




 Twickenham

Damn English and their silly town names. Thanks for the info! 









 They're the brothers and sisters of Quakerism, as far as I'm concerned. Their love for peace and simplicity highly resonates with me. 




 My student group had some anarchists in it.  




 At my church, we have a business committee which keeps track of all donations and their use. Anyone could join the group and get a look at the numbers, if they so desired.  




 2011 Mormon me and current me would fight over the existence of clergy and doctrine.  




 Moved here from Boston! It's a neat place. 

I don't think it's so much that other members are not accepting, so much as it is they feel guilt about having a friend who isn't LDS.  




 Just because something is beneficial doesn't mean we should do it. Alcohol has some health benefits, but that doesn't mean everyone should drink. 

Plus, masturbation isn't even found in every culture. So some groups have survived without it.  




 Do you mean masturbation is fulfilling God's wishes, or reproduction is? They're obviously different things.   




 Check out http://www.reddit.com/r/lgbthavens 




 This is a good way to see it. When believers say "living God", it's not meant to equate God to the definition of a living creature, but rather a reference to the fact that God is active in present in our world. God is indeed supposed to be "living", just in a manner beyond our understanding. 




 Personally, I'll never share my faith through words unless asked (or it's in a place where I'm supposed to, like this subreddit, for example). It's better to share through actions instead of words. I care not if a man accepts the Spirit into their life, only that their life is in good standing. 




 Because then you can start wearing funny hats [like this](http://www.hatworx.com/media/product/287/quaker-widebrim-hat-f49.jpg), and no one would bat an eye ;) 




 Based upon what she said, it seems rough. The differences in theology are quite strong between Quakers and Mormons, and it seems that division is causing her troubles in making friends. It seems she gets into debates with many other students about various things (she didn't clarify on what those debates entail, but it's not hard to imagine their contents). 

Only something like 2% of BYU students aren't LDS, so it's easy to see how it can cause a lot of problems when socializing, especially since Provo is so heavily LDS. 

Edit: Just noticed your flair. Are you planning on going? 




 It seems to me that you carry the Spirit, or at least are trying to. If you do carry it, then it is up to you to spread it to those in need, like your friend. You're right in that leading a life of excess (drinking and drug use) leads us away from God, and leads to an unfulfilled life. 

Show by example, as you already are. Never be afraid to correct him when he deviates from God. Our greatest friends are those who are not afraid to show us a better path.   




 That's an excellent line! I'm going to write that down somewhere.  




 We only speak when we feel compelled to by the Inner Light/Spirit. Some may never speak, as they never feel this compulsion, while others may feel it on a constant basis, and thus they share more frequently. 

As for those who share a discussion prompt, they can simply bring one and read it, or a committee might decide on something to share for next meeting :)   

And do note that some meetings actually will give sermons (these are called programmed meetings) where others like mine (unprogrammed) go with the flow, as it were.  




 It varies, but usually one to four people will speak if they feel compelled to by the Spirit. And topics can vary too. Someone today talked about the troubles of being a Quaker at BYU (a Mormon school), while another asked us to think about several young Friends in Washington who are lobbying for climate change legislation. 

And occasionally there might be a discussion prompt, where someone will read something from another Friends meeting, and we'll respond if we feel compelled to.    




 Great! Felt the Spirit really strongly today during meeting. Felt compelled to speak on a certain topic, but refrained from doing so. Perhaps next week.  




 Here's some info from a previous post 

http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2xvu7o/whats_the_deal_with_gary_indiana/ 




 Kids at my school did it just for kicks. No real reason, and we weren't in a poor area or anything.  




 I'm pretty sure it automatically reposts links submitted to the various political subreddits, so it acts as a catch all for the news of the day from places like /r/conservative, /r/socialism and so on.  




 /r/politicaldiscussion would be a start.   




 How you find happiness is entirely up to you. *Should* God be your source of joy? IMO, no. But *can* God be your source of joy? Yes. 

To find happiness, you must have a full spirit. How you fill that cup of spirit is up to you. It could be companionship, like you desire, but it could be in the simpler things, like gardening, reading, cooking, crafting, and so on. Find joy in the simple things, and life gets easier.    




 His beard is pretty gnarly. I want one like that.  




 Hates carrots 




 If I really dig them, I'll take a day to be mad. 
Then I repeat that process.  




 There aren't many folks willing to date an 18 y/o on OKC. There's no harm, but it'll be tough.  




 What about the war in Afghanistan? It'd be interesting to see word choice differences between the beginning of the occupation and the end.  




 Religious institutions should be allowed to discriminate though. Otherwise, you're opening up a can of worms. Should, for example, the LDS church allow an atheist to be a bishop? What about a drinker  amp;amp;amp; smoker?

Don't get me wrong, I'm in the LGBT spectrum myself, and I hope more religious institutions allow for change, but that change must come from internal sources, and not external. Otherwise, you're going to get a case which goes to SCOTUS, and they'd probably rule in favor of the religious institution. 

For private businesses (Walmart, etc), you're right though - religious leaders wouldn't have grounds there.  




 I just did a group date thing with someone (house party). Did not work out well. Do not recommend group things with people she knows.  




 For the US, yes. This is public data which we can see.  




 When I ran for office, I did so because each election cycle the candidate for State Rep ran unopposed, and I noticed that 15% of voters managed to get to the voting booth but they cast blank ballots. This told me at least 15% of the city objected to current leadership, so I decided to give them a choice come November. 

So casting a blank vote can signify a rejection of whoever is running, and let's the public know that.    




 With who, though? I don't hear/read much talk of an enemy of who we will currently have nuclear war with. I've not heard a word about nuclear war with Russia or China in the near future. 

I'd say it's just remnants of memories of the  Cuban Missile Crisis and Soviet fiasco with  Czechoslovakia which have taught baby boomers nuclear war is a very real thing.   




 Certainly his own actions are his fault though, obviously, which is what this is all about.  




 Accurate. 




 http://okcupid.com/profile/LeftClickMyFace

The beard is gone and has been replaced by a creepy mustache. So try and imagine that.   









 According to the most recent poll by r/@, at least half of the readers here are pacifists. I'm one of them.  




 Jimmy Wales would be interesting. He apparently describes himself as a libertarian, so I'd be curious of his positions on various things.  




 Well, I don't think the author blames Obama for the racist attitudes of the US, which he's talking about here.  









 For Glass:

http://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/2uiji7/is_google_glass_considered_a_failure/ 




 Could be a scam. Use a Google Voice number to test it out.  




 This is partially why I always give them my number without asking for theirs. Makes it easier.  




 Absolutely killer. These girls don't what they're missing. ;))))))) 




 Just wait 45 years and we'll have AI holograms you can date.  




 A week. But before that, 7 months.  




 Did you try to smoke signal her? 




 Search "internet" in this subreddit, and you'll find answers to this question. Example:

http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1tqg23/eli5_how_the_internet_works/ 




 CenturyLink is hiring big time.

http://find.centurylink.jobs/salt-lake-city/utah/usa/jobs/ 




 Shit. Olives. I need my Wait Wait Don't Tell Me fix on NPR. Its my only source of joy at this point.   




 Yes, but every place I'm finding is LDS rules, which means I have to quit OKC, since I won't be able to drink alone in my room anymore.  




 I'm probably moving to Provo soon, so I'm kinda starting to like Sandy now...

I'll take the potatoes for 400, Alex. Only ISIS likes carrots.   




 Easy, Ebola. No one cares about California.  




 Work is killing me. Make my lunch break better, yo. 

Http://www.Okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface

 




 Would you rather have Frank Underwood as President, or your mom has President?    




 Would you rather be forced to do 5 games of Monopoly in a row, or 15 games of backgammon?  




 Cool read but this part confuses me:

for example, god tiles have been installed in stairways to keep people (OK, mostly men) from spitting on walls. 

Why are Indians spitting on walls and not the ground? What's the point?

 




 For the gun part, in my two decades here, I've never actually seen a gun on a citizen, or in a private home. It really depends on where you are and live.  




 Finally managed to go to my local Meeting even if I was a little hungover. There was free food, which was nice! Had a great time.  




 They know more about their faith than anyone else here. It's the best place to ask. They're open to friendly questions.  




 /r/latterdaysaints 




 I wouldn't face palm but wouldn't cheer either. It'll be interesting to see what he has to say during the debates.  




 Thank you. It's always hard funding events because they're either badly publicized or you have to visit the right sites to find out about them.  




 Parents raised me fairly nonreligious, though I went through confirmation with the Catholic Church. Tried Mormonism, fell out of it, currently a Quaker.  




 Why yes, yes he did.  




 Interesting and sad read. Unfortunately, Western society really does seem to desexualize Asian men, so he is correct about the bias (and Dataclsym confirms it, like he wrote). 

How old was he? Doesn't mention it anywhere in the blog.   




 Alcohol. Or sometimes they mention Skype in their profile.   




 FWIW, I think her roommates are inviting people she's never met either. So not everyone will know each other. 

At least I hope that's the case. If it's not, YOLO, I'm getting drunk off someone else's beer.  




 Feeling ya there. Been missing mine for a while too. Had the urge to just drive to her home town and find her, apologize, propose, and have 45 kids.   




 *The Depahted*

FTFY 




 First date with a girl at her house party. I have never been to one of these as a date...or for anything else. I'm super nervous. Plz help. 

Edit: back from party. Got kicked out. It is what it is.  




 This is perfect.  
























 We only had one person speak, who shared a thoughtful prompt from another meeting. The prompt reminded us that this Earth is that of God's, therefore, we must be diligent in protecting the natural things we have been given; Earth is not ours to destroy. 




 The author describes his experience at a country jail, reflecting on the various individuals he met, and how American policies have affected the country. 




 I laughed pretty hard at this. 




 Right, but the reasoning they took to get there was far from orginalist (again, the quotes I used). Their thinking was flawed. 




 How is it an originalist argument? Again, Hughes used the case that emergencies required an expansion of government, something not found in the Constitution. Justice Black did the same thing when he mentioned in his opinion that war burdened us all, therefore holding up a "valid military order" (instead of making a presumption in favor of liberty, as the Framer's would have made) was justified. 




  It allowed the military to place Japanese in camps during WWII.

SCOTUS made the ruling it did on *Korematsu* because it stepped *away* from originalism. Here's what Chief Justice Hughes wrote in his opinion:

"Compulsory exclusion of large groups of citizens from their homes, except under circumstances of direct emergency and peril, is inconsistent with our basic governmental institutions...But when under conditions of modern warfare our shores are threatened by hostile forces, the power to protect must be commensurate with the threatened danger."

If that was true, the Framer's would have added an "emergency" clause somewhere in the Constitution (and they were fresh from being occupied by hostile forces themselves). Had SCOTUS kept to the ideas of the founders and been more strict with Constitutional meaning, *Korematsu* could not have been ruled as it did. If you can explain how this is not the case, I'll gladly listen. 




 Since I'm interested in politics, I read various non-fiction books about economics, history, and law. It's my main reading field.  




 The Autobiography of Malcolm X taught me the value in self-education, and getting a new perspective by traveling the world. His transition from preaching separatism of the races to believing that harmony could be achieved (after his visit to the racially diverse city of Mecca) taught me that whatever I believe now can change completely based upon a new experience.    




 Yes, I doubt the Democrats would want him as a nominee if he chose to run as a Dem. He's too off key with what their base supports. 

However, I'd be curious to see if his running awakens some sort of socialist faction within the Democrats, similar to what Ron Paul did with libertarians in the Republican Party.    




 I somewhat discredit the 60s counterculture movement in regards to the topic at hand, the hippies weren't radical gun owners, per say.

No, but they were *massively* disobeying the law. Open drug use, protesting the DNC, rioting, avoiding the draft, numerous violent clashes with law enforcement (Kent State). We have nothing like that currently. Occupy and the Tea Party were steps in some sort of social shift, but Occupy failed to create a means to actually institute change, and the Tea Party fizzled out, becoming engulfed by the GOP. Unlike the various groups of the 60s (Black Panthers, SDS, etc.), neither Occupy or the Tea Party managed to last very long, prolonging the existence of the status quo.

Whatever you may think of the militia groups they a) don't have legislative influence and b) could easily be thwarted by the Feds, if needed (remember Waco?). And they've had plenty of opportunities to take on the Feds in an attempt to enact change (the Bundy standoff would have been a perfect moment to start a 'civil war').

Again, the KKK *literally* wrote laws in the last century (like with mandating students only attend public schools in Oregon, forbidding access to private shools and homeschooling). And do you remember what the second film to ever be shown at the White House was? (I'll give you a hint: Birth of a Nation.) As "ballsy" as these militias might be getting, at the very least, Congress isn't watching their films in some giant studio inside the Capital Building, or sitting next to them while legislation is written.

National and international tensions are pretty tight.

Can you name me a time, since the country's founding, when they *weren't* tight? Things were so bad in the past, we came several instances close to nuclear war (Cuban Missile Crisis/Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia). Currently, we're not at the point (though *conventional* war with Russia *could* be a possibility, depending on whether or not Putin decides to occupy a NATO country). 

Not to mention, public approval for both president and congress are at all time lows. People understand that their government no longer serves their interests anymore.

People's approval of Congress is indeed low, but for their own Congressman, it's pretty normal. People blame the *other guy*, and not their own representative. 

The point is, in context, things are indeed bad, a little bit better then they once were (what with the whole "separate but equal" thing gone), but still bad. People recognize this (Occupy and the Tea Party again being examples of people trying to distance themselves from the status quo), but we've yet to really get anywhere necessary in order for their to be massive change.

Many anarchists of course don't vote, but who gets how many votes in elections is still an important indicator of which direction our country wants to head in. Last election, Jill Stein, Gary Johnson, Virgil Goode, and other contenders for the presidency got *squat*. People are mad, like you said, but they're not doing anything different than what they have been for the past few decades.

 




  But has there been civil unrest on the level that we see today? No.

Yes there has been. The events leading up to the American Revolution (and the Revolution itself) and the 1960s had actual riots and huge movements disobeying the law. People were massively avoiding taxes in the former, and fleeing the country (due to the draft) during the latter (and also avoiding taxes, in the case of Quakers and other religious pacifists). Then there was of course the Civil War, in which half of the country disobeyed the other half.

That's not to say there isn't an undercurrent of disobedience to the status quo (which is why figures like Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul are so popular), but, for the moment, it pales in comparison to previous social movements.

I agree a shift in social understanding of government is coming, but it will most likely be one in which government stays in place.

Edit: Also...

Coming from the right wingers here in the U.S. militias are expanding, and they're becoming more pronounced and are even flexing their existence on social media outlets and in public.

You forget the KKK had actual legislative influence in this country at one point. 




 I could understand that, but libertarian positions are so misunderstood and underrepresented in the political realm that if the movement is to gain any sort of traction then it needs someone who can convince people to completely change their way of thinking when it comes to the philosophy of government. At best, the majority of people who will vote for Johnson will do so because they *already* agree with him. That's not really enough to inspire a "Ross Perot/Ralph Nader" type moment where he could act as a spoiler in the election (or even possibly win).

I try to imagine him debating Obama in the presidential debates last election, and just can't see him winning. 

But you are right - he doesn't pretend to be something he isn't, which is pretty nice for a politician.  




 I hope the LP chooses someone more articulate than him for President. I don't mind his positions, and agree with a fair portion, but he's not good at elaborating why libertarian policies would be the best thing for the country. I found his book *Seven Principals of Good Government* to be horribly dull, compared to the works of Ron Paul. And all of his speeches similarly lack real substance.

Good luck to him, but here's hoping someone better gets the spotlight. 




 The University of Delaware had the exact same program described in the article a couple years ago, and the exact same thing happened when minority students objected to being labeled "oppressed". They were told they were wrong, and that they were indeed "oppressed" even if they didn't feel like it.

It gets worse. At UoD, Resident Assistants asked for students to sexually identify themselves, and said request was *mandatory*. Here's an excerpt from FIRE President Greg Lukianoff's book Unlearning Liberty, 
describing the program:

 The program included an aggressive series of mandatory floor meetings where students would engage in exercises. In one such activity, they had to stand along a wall if they supported various social causes, including the right to gay marriage or abortion, and along the other wall if they didn't. Students were not allowed to say they hadn't made up their minds-it was explained to them that in the real world there is no middle ground. (I wonder how proponents of the "No Labels" movement would feel about that claim.) One student reportedly asked to be excused from the activity when the choice was whether eating disorders were caused by society or by the person's own mental state. Her request was denied; she was forced to pick a side even after revealing that she had struggled with an eating disorder and had not yet made up her mind. This event functioned as a state-sponsored public shaming of students with 'wrong' beliefs.
 
 ...
 
 The mandatory 'one on one' sessions with the RAs were, to me, the creepiest aspect of the whole program. During the sessions, students were asked to fill out surveys while an RA watched. Here is a sampling of some of the questions:
 
 [2]. Would you be comfortable being close friends with any of the follow persons? Mark YES or NO
 
 African American/Black... Y N
 
 A heterosexual man... Y N
 
 An international student... Y N
 
 An openly gay or bisexual woman... Y N
 
 [3]. Would you be comfortable dating any of the following persons? (Assume you are single)
 
 Middle Eastern... Y N
 
 A heterosexual woman... Y N
 
 A person with different religious beliefs than yours... Y N
 
 An openly gay or bisexual man... Y N
 
 ...
 
 In five hundred pages of documentation, there was only one clear example of a student who resisted these bizarre invasions of privacy. According to a report from her RA, this girl had fun with one of the questionnaires, answering the question "When was a time you felt oppressed?" by saying "I am oppressed every day [because of my] feelings for the opera. Regularly [people] throw stones at me and jeer me with cruel names...Unbearable adversity. But I will overcome, hear me, you rock throwing majority." The female freshman--apparently alone in her male RA's dorm room--had the guts to deflect such a creepy questionnaire through humor. But when the questionnaire asked "What is your sexual identity?" she responded, "That is none of your damn business."
 
 For challenging an unlawful intrusion into her private life by a state employee, this student was listed by name and room number in the report as one of the "worst" examples of students resisting the program (yes it does start to sound a bit like the Borg), and the resident assistant even noted that he had filed an incident report against *her*. It would not surprise me if the student had been found guilty of harassing the RA. 




 The University of Delaware had the exact same program a couple years ago, and the *exact* same thing happened when minority students objected to being labeled "oppressed". They were told they were wrong, and that they were indeed "oppressed" even if they didn't feel like it. 

It gets worse. At UoD, Resident Assistants asked for students to sexually identify themselves, and said request was *mandatory*. Here's an excerpt from FIRE President Greg Lukianoff's book *Unlearning Liberty*, describing the program:

The program included an aggressive series of mandatory floor meetings where students would engage in exercises. In one such activity, they had to stand along a wall if they supported various social causes, including the right to gay marriage or abortion, and along the other wall if they didn't. Students were not allowed to say they hadn't made up their minds-it was explained to them that in the real world there is no middle ground. (I wonder how proponents of the "No Labels" movement would feel about that claim.) One student reportedly asked to be excused from the activity when the choice was whether eating disorders were caused by society or by the person's own mental state. Her request was denied; she was forced to pick a side even after revealing that she had struggled with an eating disorder and had not yet made up her mind. This event functioned as a state-sponsored public shaming of students with 'wrong' beliefs.

...

The mandatory 'one on one' sessions with the RAs were, to me, the creepiest aspect of the whole program. During the sessions, students were asked to fill out surveys while an RA watched. Here is a sampling of some of the questions:

 [2]. Would you be comfortable being close friends with any of the follow persons? Mark YES or NO

African American/Black... Y N

A heterosexual man... Y N

An international student... Y N

An openly gay or bisexual woman... Y N

 [3]. Would you be comfortable dating any of the following persons? (Assume you are single)

Middle Eastern... Y N

A heterosexual woman... Y N

A person with different religious beliefs than yours... Y N

An openly gay or bisexual man... Y N

...

In five hundred pages of documentation, there was only one clear example of a student who resisted these bizarre invasions of privacy. According to a report from her RA, this girl had fun with one of the questionnaires, answering the question "When was a time you felt oppressed?" by saying "I am oppressed every day [because of my] feelings for the opera. Regularly [people] throw stones at me and jeer me with cruel names...Unbearable adversity. But I will overcome, hear me, you rock throwing majority." The female freshman--apparently alone in her male RA's dorm room--had the guts to deflect such a creepy questionnaire through humor. But when the questionnaire asked "What is your sexual identity?" she responded, "That is none of your damn business."

For challenging an unlawful intrusion into her private life by a state employee, this student was listed by name and room number in the report as one of the "worst" examples of students resisting the program (yes it does start to sound a bit like the Borg), and the resident assistant even noted that he had filed an incident report against *her*. It would not surprise me if the student had been found guilty of harassing the RA.
 




 Various Presidents have packed the courts to support policy. There was the New Deal court, and then later on the Rehnquist court under Reagan. There are times when this works in the favor of these administrations, and times it works against. Judges are not often as predictable as we might think, and will rule outside the philosophy of their appointer on occasion. 

That said, the Rehnquist court had several good rulings which resulted in favor of the people where government was in the wrong (*Texas v. Johnson*, for example). We should not be so quick to decry an originalist SCOTUS.  




 I believe I read it in Greg Lukianoff's *Unlearning Liberty*, where he mentions the rising college cost is due in part to the expansion of administrations.  




 It's best you start applying for jobs now. Check out Craigslist, Indeed, or your schools employment portal (which many have). 




 Even if management doesn't show respect, why does that mean we shouldn't try to be considerate? The reality is people have lives, and if you disrupt that, you can further ones poverty. Ultimately management is in control, but that doesn't mean we can't be responsible in the work place. 




 The problem is, what if no one serving in office currently has the requirements to serve on a committee? What if no one has a degree in civil engineering? Does that transportation and infrastructure committee then sit empty for a few years? 




 Some of my old coworkers had families, school, and and second jobs to attend. Sure, I can just be an individualist and just say I got mine, but that's not really treating your fellow workers with respect, nor is it caring for the poor (which matters to me).  




 No, as at my other job, my life is not at risk.  




 Martin O'malley is seriously looking to run.  




 But, like the author said, we don't really *know* who is running. We can make presumptions about her platforms, but that's all, due to her (purposeful?) quietness on issues. What's remarkable is that she has been in the spotlight ever since her husband took office, yet despite that, we don't have a clear image of her politics. One would think that over such a grand amount of time, a certain figure would begin to take shape, yet it hasn't, at least not to your average American voter.

Sure, we can presume she won't agree with the GOP on various issues, but even that doesn't tell us much about what she hopes to run on. Like the author said, her closeness to Wall St. is a little troubling, and could very well be a factor into what positions she holds as a contestant. Or maybe it won't. We'll have to see. 




  Afterwards, as a senator, Mrs Clinton made a habit of listening to, and working with, senators on both sides of the aisle, leading some Republicans publicly to regret having disliked her in the past.

Does anyone know who the author is referencing here? 




 Exactly. If I had quit my low wage job at the supermarket without two weeks notice, everyone else's schedules would have been crazy, and people probably would have would had to work hours they didnt sign up for. That really isnt fair. 




 If you ever make it up to Salt Lake City, you've got a free meal from me! Good luck! 




 On the second question, I would doubt he'd want to change anything in that field. For a lot of conservatives/libertarians, giving your money to whomever you wish, no matter the amount, is within your rights.  




 Deval Patrick, former governor of Massachusetts, could be a pick. He has some ties to the Obama administration.  He has a good career list, but nothing that stands out enough for him to warrant a Presidential nomination.  




 That's the key here. Theoretically, voters would have more say in the matter as it's easier to reach your Congressman than Obama. On top of that, if said war became unpopular and lasted until elections for Representatives, we could vote those who were in favor out.   




 I'd love to know his thoughts on financial aid for students, and whether it not that's a service the federal government should provide.  




 Currently reading *David's Hammer: The Case For An Activist Judiciary* by Clint Bolick. It has some interesting examples of how American courts are one of the only ways "the little guy" can challange "the big guy". 

I thought this quote from Madison that Bolick gave was interesting:

"[the] smaller the society, the smaller number of individuals composing a majority, and the smaller the compass within which they are placed, the more easily will they concert and execute their plans of oppression." 




 Although they're capitalist-libertarians, Students For Liberty has some activism kits on ending the drug war, ending war, and defending free speech both on campuses and the Internet: http://studentsforliberty.org/resources/

The Foundation for Individual Rights (FIRE) has publications on your legal rights in college: https://www.thefire.org/resources/

Liberty in North Korea gives great speeches at schools and is one of the best activist groups for aiding North Korean refugees. What's even cooler is their speeches are usually given by other college aged students who go around the country giving talks: http://www.libertyinnorthkorea.org/resources/

People Against the NDAA (PANDA) has an activist kit: http://pandaunite.org/resources/

All of this is assuming you're American :)
 




 It worked with Desert Fox, as he said, which is true to a point. However, it's unknown if such a strike as that would work with Iran (with limited scope).  




 Wow. If that's true, that's quite the accomplishment. I can definitely see why it might have taken her so long.  




 Very good mention. In addition to what you've said, Atlas Shrugged is probably one of the (if not the) most read books today in regards to political fiction.  




 I've heard that the book may have not been as widely read during Hitler's time as we might think. It was given to people as gifts during Hitlers reign, but the receivers may have not actually read it. 

The other thing is, it's a bad book, not because of it's contents (however terrible his ideas may be), but because of it's structure. Quite literally, you'll be reading a few passages on Hitlers youth in Austria, and all of the sudden a rant about the Jews comes up. It doesn't make a lot of sense.  




 I too am starting to get back into the habit of reading! Recently Egan taking the train to work which is about an hour and a half each way, so plenty of time to get some reading in :)

Good luck.  




 Bush. He proclaimed to be for state rights, but when Massachusetts legalized gay marriage, he wanted to create a federal law to prohibit said legalization. He wanted to do the same thing when Oregon made assisted suicide legal.  




 How funny, I was thinking of starting the same thing with almost the same name (Student Anarchists for a Stateless Society, or SASS). 

I've done some student organizing before with a different student group, and would be willing to help out :)   




 Exactly. For my current job, a background check took about 3 days to complete. I'm assuming many states would be able to complete such a request in that same time frame.  




 My ideal process:

* Apply for permit
* Wait 3-5 days while background check is processed 
* Receive permit  




 I like the Cato Institute normally, but this made me chuckle. 




 The news networks will feature third party candidates occasionally (Fox hosted Gary Johnson a few times last election), but their time on the air is very brief, so you're right on the money.  




 Can I ask what good Warren has done from the Senate, from your perspective? So far everything I see by her are just speeches but little action, which makes me question her effectiveness and chances of electability (though she is definitely smart).  




 Mormons aren't that stupid. See this Economist article on their success in the business world: http://www.economist.com/node/21554173

BYU itself is a top rated school in a few fields (and is usually ranked first for accounting degrees). Plus, I wouldn't say they're insular, since many American LDS serve missions abroad in places like Brazil or Russia. 




 You could tell a capitalist to screw off (and write nothing else) here, and get upvotes. So it doesn't really have anything to do with that. But yea, silly comment.  




 Very good point. If video games do contain sexism, it mostly likely is a byproduct of the culture the designers live in.    




 Yes, he has a lot of work to do, especially with college students. His dad did amazing in that category, we'll see how Rand does.  









 They stopped temporarily, that was my mistake during the thread. I'm not sure if they're still doing it or not.

 




 I didn't know about this, so I appreciate the posting. Also couldn't pick up any AnCap bias in the article.  




 I've seen the Google vans driving all over Provo recently. It's cool seeing them be so busy!  




 Like others have said, just politely decline. That said, as far as Mormons go, if you decline to talk to them, but new ones show up a little bit down the road, then that means the local missionaries have been switched out, and they might not be aware you've said no to them before. So keep that in mind. 




 That would be an impressive ticket. Not sure Walker is willing to be a VP though. 




 I asked two questions about the current status of the Beijing-Pyongyang relationship to the writers of The Diplomat during their /r/geopolitics AMA. Here's the correspondence: 

*Q: Last year China stopped repatriating North Korean escapees. What does this signal, if anything, of the current relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang?*

/u/RobertFarley_AMA: There are plenty of indications that the relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang has grown tense in spots. The situation is complex; plenty of Chinese officials seem to feel some sense of obligation to North Korea, and there's a generalized sympathy with respect to shared anti-American and anti-Japanese attitudes. But North Korea also remains an expensive client for Beijing, with the potential to disrupt its emerging trade and political relationship with South Korea. 

With respect to the escapees specifically, it's an administrative and economic pain to have to sort through the North Korean expat community in Manchuria and hunt down the ones that North Korea wants back. I'm actually not sure how much the Chinese have slowed this down; accounts seem to differ. But forced repatriation was certainly proving to be a growing embarrassment for Beijing, and perhaps one that the CCP wasn't willing to endure.

*Q: All of that being said, where do you see the China-North Korea relationship going in the next ten years?*

/u/ChenDingding_AMA: China, under president Xi Jinping, has already adopted a tough approach toward North Korea mainly because NK's behaviors are now hurting China's national interests. This trend will continue for the next ten years; but China will not allow NK to collapse. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/30wxrf/we_are_writers_for_the_diplomats_flashpoints_blog/ 




 In a sense, yes. I can believe gay marriage is wrong and still be a libertarian, so long as I believe that states/local communities should set the standards of what marriage is. 




 Ha, we don't. Our music is absolutely *terrible*, so the caller was a real trooper.  




 No, that doesn't apply. If you break certain codes within a theology, it disqualifies you from certain things, in the same vein that if I believe in ten different Gods, I can no longer call myself a Christian.  




 That's where the name comes from! Thanks!  




 I do tech support for an ISP. Got this call awesome call today:

Me: You've reached ISP tech support, how can I help you?

Bro: Holy shit, I was just on hold for 30 minutes

Me: Sorry to hear about that

Bro: No issue, I'm not mad, I don't even have a problem. I just wanted to tell you you're a beautiful person

lolwut

Me: Uh, thank you!

Bro: Yea, just ignore all those other jerks today. I was on hold for 30 minutes just to tell you that.

Me: I will, thanks man!

Bro: No problem, have the best day~ *click*

First time this has ever happened. And yes, it's going to be a good shift. 




 I think his biggest issue would be seperating himself from this current administration. Lots of people aren't satisifed with Obama, and would probably assume Biden wouldn't do much different than him. If he can somehow make himself look different (without tarnisihing the reputation of his former boss) then he might have a shot. 




 They may vote Republican, but that doesn't mean they agree with them on everything, similar to how a socialist or communist might vote for a Democrat, even though they disagree with who they're voting for.   




 Currently, yes that's true, but they are not the cause of a declining membership.  




 Reason Magazine, NPR, BBC, and the Washington Post.  




 Thanks for all that info. Didn't know that about Bush.  




 None, I think. It's a good read, so I can see why some normal person would want to share it with others. Is there a reason that can't be the case?   




 Some economists do argue that a lack of unionization has been a factor into income inequality. However, this drop in membership has been present before many states adopted right to work laws. The two don't seem correlated.  




 12% of Maryland's workforce is unionized according to Wikipedia. Are you saying that's the reason they have the highest median income? Sorry if I'm misunderstanding. 

Plus, union membership has been going down all across the country for a while, right to work laws or not.  




 Yes, I've seen various subs attempt read groups, and they never seem to go anywhere after the first month. It is what it is.  




 Eyes are peeled! Good luck! 




 They go knowing about it, but that doesn't mean they agree with it. It's perfectly fine to advocate for a change of rules in your school - otherwise, how would progress be made? 




 Generally speaking this rise of cost is due to additions of administrations, not faculty. If you look at your local state school's payroll, you'll notice a difference in pay between admins and teachers, with one outweighing the other (generally).  




 For Harvard, many students don't need loans as the school is free if your family has an income below a certain amount. And for those that are above said amount, financial aid probably isn't possible due to their families high income.    









 It can't work like that. I could very well write in higher taxes on the rich because, for religious reasons, I believe in giving to the needy. There's no way you can stop things from influencing the reasons law makers make the laws they do.  




 I like your beards! Other than that, no comment.  




 Provo, Utah, checking in! Willing to grab a beer or two any weekend :)  




 Just left the GBA a few months ago. I miss Dunkins :( 




 All of that being said, where do you see the China-North Korea relationship going in the next ten years? 




 Last year China stopped repatriating North Korean escapees. What does this signal, if anything, of the current relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang?    




 http://youtu.be/sVx0NpYbtus

Perfect video going over what to and what not to do.  




 A lot of libertarian friends of mine are really saddened by this. They've all had their suspicions of him not being a true libertarian, but this seems to just confirm he's willing to back away from his father's view points.  




 Isn't the article more about sending market signals, rather than "telling us what to do"? I'd think those are two separate things.  




 A group of activists can gather in such a way that each member is a leader - it's not that hard to have a leaderless group where everyone is equal, playing their own part.  




 Just for reference, what about e-cigs? A lot of them only produce water vapor in lieu of smoke, which may or may not smell, but isn't generally harmful. And of course you don't throw them on the ground like a regular cig.  




 Forgive me, but I don't think this is correct, as colleges aren't holding criminal investigations (technically), but rather educational ones. A school is allowed to have different standards of evidence for this reason. For example, in a court, you must generally be charged without a reasonable doubt, but in a school investigation, they only need to be 51% sure you're guilty to reprimand you.   




 Boku No Pico is a yaoi (gay) anime. The yoooooooo thing is a reference to someone's reaction video to it:  http://youtu.be/Hdjv_afHmV4 









 Depending on what questions you answered and which ones you skipped, it doesn't seem like you belong with the GOP! Each question should have an explanation button if you're not sure about what it's asking - or just go and research on your own.  




 Go to http://www.isidewith.com, research and fill out the questions, and share your results! This will show you the stances of a few parties in the US.   




 EUIV and CIV are always fun, and their violence is pretty tame (no blood and guts, side you're moving units like they're chess pieces). Also, depending on the game, many Visual Novels (story games) are very fun. Visual Novels are like choose your own adventure games, ranging from adult themed, to horror, to (clean) romantic comedy. 

 




 There recently was a (rare) lawsuit regarding the third amendment, so apparently we still need it:

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/07/anthony-mitchell-lawsuit-third-amendment-_n_3557431.html 




 An answer from a previous thread sums it up:

I dunno man, you seem out of the loop in more ways than one. You know what dickbutt is, and I think you have as good an idea of its background as any of us (I assume it started as a 4chan thing, and it frequently appears as a visual reveal-punchline in GIFs. I'm not sure how much more there is to it.)

But why is it funny? I dunno, you could ask that question about any motif in the world like this that people tend to find humorous. It's funny cause it's unexpected, it's funny cause it's juvenile, it's funny in a "I should have seen that coming" kind of way. 

But if it doesn't tickle you for any of the above reasons? Then you just don't find it funny. Case closed. It doesn't make you out of the loop. It just means you don't get it/it doesn't resonate with you, depending on your perspective.  









 Link to application? 









 If the GOP can get someone in the Whitehouse, and if they can maintain their control of Congress, they would probably act a lot differnetly than they are now, so we definitely have to wait to see what their next moves are. 









 Anarchist reporting in (specifically an anarcho-pacifist). You're asking why anarchism draws in communists and other state socialist types, yes? As in, why would a supporter of the Communist Party of [Country] turn towards anarchism?

Well, such people (communist and socialist statists) are all already against the hierarchy of capitalism (the boss vs. worker relationship). Many take logical steps to then say if one imposed hierarchy is bad, then so are others, namely, government and the imposition of law via violent means (police and courtS).

In fact, to many communists and Marxist academics, anarchy is the final form of communism. That is to say, a communist state should eventually dissolve itself into various anarchist communities. 

As for the label of liberal, well, to many anarchists, any supporter of capitalism is actually a liberal (AnCaps excluded due to their different views).    




 No Scituate? Blashpemy. That would have been great.

"Skit-you-ate? Ski-tua-ate?" 




 I'm also a Bay Stater. Can confirm Massachusetts was not engulfed in flames after legalization of gay marriage.   




 Not sure on pricing, but Arizona State University offers an online BA for many degrees.  




 Can you at all sympathize with how your teachers behaved, given the context of the time (Columbine and 9/11)?  




 This is only my own experience, but last month after moving to SLC I was job hunting via KSL, Craigslist, and Utah Jobs. The good majority of jobs I found were call centers, blue caller work (like mechanics and the like), and a couple software jobs. And driving down a couple streets in places like Sandy, you can see a whole lot of "For Hire" signs at gas stations and fast food joints. 

So just based on that month of job hunting, it doesn't really appear SLC has a diverse field in terms of places that are currently hiring. 




 I wonder what she would do about ISIS if they appeared after the death of McCain. My best is that she would take whatever advice generals gave her (which probably wouldn't be too different from what Obama gets today), but at the same time, I wonder if Republicans would be more open to having boots on the ground with a fellow conservative in the White House, and if so, how would she react? 

My big concern would be her foreign policy towards Asia (specifically China). We've seen Obama and his administration organizing the Asia pivot, but I'm unsure if Palin would follow that same direction. Would she be more openly hostile towards Chinese military aggressions? Probably.  And if so, this would cause a lot of problems. 

But like others have said, age would probably have a good cabinet set up by McCain to rely on.  




 It totally depends on how he worded this while in class, though. I wouldn't call this offensive, but if he said it the wrong way (accidentally or on not) I could see how other students might feel uncomfortable.  




 I think if you go into a local Salvation Army and explain the need for good interview clothing, they might give you a discount or the clothing for free if you do it right! 

 









 How does this open up exploitation? Voter fraud is already extremely rare: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/voter-fraud-real-rare/story?id=17213376

Even if fraud increased, wouldn't the amount of it still be negligible?  
























 I just moved to Provo from Massachusetts, and am also not LDS. I live in BYU housing, and will go to LDS services with my roommates (for socializing). I've had no real problems. Everyone is nice, understands I'm not a member (if they know me, that is), and generally don't try to proselytize me as I have my own faith.

That said, I do like it here, as an outsider. There are plenty of events going on at BYU or UVU, and there's a good stream of local musicians doing shows downtown. 

If you drink, there aren't that many bars around, so you'll have to get used to that. 




 It's good to see some bipartisan work on this. The issues that the PA office had are pretty shocking, like the changing of dates for visitations. I'm inclined to believe the issues are more a regional thing than a system-wide thing, but only further investigation will tell. 









 Lawyers and lobbyists can make that much, depending on the firm or group you work for.

And of course, medical professionals have that earning potential as well. 




 Right time, right place is always key.

I recently lost a job with AmeriCoprs in Wyoming where I helped a non-profit doing communications and outreach for their homeless veterans program. After I lost the job, I moved to Utah, and applied for a few other AmeriCrops positions (as I was actually placed on administrative leave, which allowed me two weeks to find a new AmeriCorps position before I was officially let go from the program). I found a veteran mentoring program with AmeriCorps contracted through the Red Cross, so I applied. This was three months ago, and only last week did I get a call back, and then only today (as an of an hour ago) did I finish up an interview for the position.

The fact that the position exists in the current city I just moved to is pure luck. And the fact that the position aligns up with a job I just recently had, is also pure luck. 




 It's the exact same as his. He was my inspiration for it :)

And thanks for the input.  




 So the baby boomers blame Millennials for believing the report, or blame them because it was published? 

That does make sense though.  




 Can you explain how baby boomers made millennials racist and skeptical of vaccines?   




 The Paul's have been okay at grabbing the attention of the youth. 




 Thank you :) Those are my favorites as well.  




 Went out with a photographer. Got 27 pictures that are somewhat usable. A few of them aren't very flattering...but let me know which ones work:

[Link](http://imgur.com/p1l5gFr,VolDP1F,MARYbql,OXay3Hj,AwXzu57,o1gtk3L,PkiRDUN,Of7e3Br,EY4JghD,soaTv5T,wJ1drOl,2cqKQrK,Nqyn1LV,CqMLBXv,Etdo762,nskxSTF,TFETp2g,WOqAvJJ,01NLeam,W3uGwl0,OAIKiHK,6G0F8WQ,m8qNWm7,zm0lUhE,0EKb2X4,8NcyYVt,Ekwnq0P) 




 US intelligence and Mexican authorities will collaborate on raids, on occasion.  




 First dates are destined to be awkward. Maybe the second and third as well. After that the ball is your court. 

Also, no, I dont have this problem.  




 My suggestion is to make smoke signals.  




 Maybe you have an unknown twin out there. 




 Alcoholic 




 Fahk you, Havahd's bettah

Signed,

An angry Masshole 




 **I spend a lot of time thinking about**

Secret societies 




 Switching jobs. If my interview goes well...

Currently in a call center. Not very fun. Please help.  




 I usually follow them home.  




 Provo, Utah. It's. So. Cheap. 

Also, Google Fiber  lt;3

Also, Mormons! They are a pretty people.  




 Interview with the Red Cross coming up on Wednesday. It's the exact job I've always wanted (working with military families). It's part time, so it'll be struggle to find complimentary work alongside it, but boy am I exicted.  




 There's no such thing as too few. Start small, grow large. Build a presence in your neighborhood, and grow from there. 




 Could have met someone, moved, had something come up, etc. Life can get crazy. This is why you get the number early though, generally. 




 Love most of your pictures. They radiate confidence.  




 I switched from analogs to an e-cig and it's absolutely great. Highly recommend the change.  You won't smell, you'll maybe save money (depending on what mods you buy and so on), there's no fire hazard, and you don't litter!  




 I believe this applies to Japan as well, where the Emperor is just there for ceremonial reasons. He holds no real power, thanks to the US.    




 Agreed. I like this photo. Very colorful, bright. Has a certain time to it that's kind of nice.  




 It's not like they have much power (in the UK). They're just there for show.  




 True, but if they didn't attack Hillary for being with Bill then that'd clear the way for Bush to move forward a little better.  




 Personally, I find it interesting how all a lot of GOP voters seem to be already against Bush, despite Bush's track record as governor. The dynasty concern seems to be really bothing a lot of them. 









 The most facisinating thing about this is some states like North Carolina are offering compensation for such victims, and the big question is "How much is the ability to reproduce worth?" How on earth do you put a number on that? How much is enough to apologize for such a mistake?

NPR strory on the compensation program

http://www.npr.org/blogs/health/2014/10/31/360355784/payments-start-for-n-c-eugenics-victims-but-many-wont-qualify 




 I think I may be getting a job with the Red Cross. Super exciting! It's only part time, but it should be worth it. 




 Probably few to none. The only ones that would most likely be present would be American defectors, of which there are already barely any already (I think there's only this guy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Joseph_Dresnok#Other_defectors_to_North_Korea) 




 I needed something which allowed for more independent thought, so I went from Mormon to Quaker.  




 As a Friend, I appreciate the mention of the AFSC! They really are awesome.  




 I believe there have been much, much, worse. Scalia wasn't around when we threw the Japanese in camps.   




 Thanks for posting. 




 The rituals generally relate to God, brotherhood, and unity. Can't go into detail due to the fact we swear an oath not to dispel the secrets of the craft. 

Charity for various causes. One of the main one is the Shriners, who are a part of Freemasonry. They do hospices for youth. 
My own lodge ran a summer camp for girls. 

Also, /r/freemasonry exists :) 




 Freemason here. 

We are a fraternity of men who do charity work, preform rituals, and try to better ourselves as men. Not much else to it.  




 Seems like they have chances to me:

https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=zYw5SbHYVKBM.kLaJN-znQs40

Any thoughts on the map?   




 I'm nearing the end, and it's been okay so far. There are some great scenes, and a few sluggish parts. The thing about the book is that it's a micro-view of a larger event by zooming in on a single town and a few characters while the whole country fights off a disease. Similar concept to *The Leftovers* if you're familiar with that.   




 The difference is what the defiance does, and what it stands for. It's one thing to trash the HQ of the IRS, FBI, the local police station or whatever, and it's another thing go looting Macy's and your local liquor store. 

If these rioters were choosing meaningful targets, and not their local community, then we'd be having a different dialogue. Look at the LA riots and what that accomplished; it's the same thing here.  









 **The Executioner's Song, by Norman Mailer**

Having just moved to Utah, I'm excited to dive into this, especially concidering Utah's recent legal rulings on allowing death by firing squad for capital punishment.  




 Seconded. I had a polisci teacher who started off the class by mentioniung his political biases (he was a Marxist), and kept that known throughout class by mentioning it on occassion. All teachers should do this when it comes to politics/econ, etc. 




 The fact that I'm not preached to, am considered an equal, and need to not follow any doctrine but the ones I personally subscribe to.   




 I agree. I was trying to explain the argument since the other user said they didn't understand.  




 This is also a factor in your confusion (different understanding of word usage), but I think I made their argument clear. I was just trying to explain what they were saying, since you said you don't understand (not that I blame you, it can be a hard concept to grasp). 

If anything isn't understandable, let me know. I don't really have a horse in this race, but I do think the other user's argument deserves to be made clearly to those who don't get it.  




 I think their point is that the distinction between the two words can look off. In nearly all else in the world, you wouldn't call someone moving into another land a settler, as you'd rather refer to them as an immigrant. Even in other places of illegal or perhaps "wrongful" movement of persons the word settler still isn't really used. For example, Mexicans crossing over the American border illegally aren't called settlers, but rather illegal immigrants, or aliens. Using the term settler in that case would feel a bit odd (or might not, depending on where you learned English). 

I think it really depends on how you view the connotation of the word, hence your confusion as to what they mean, and their different definition.  

 




 If you have iOS, try BookBuddy. Holds a limited number of books for free, and once you get past a certain number (one hundred, I think), you have to get the paid version.  




 Massachusetts: We have funny accents sometimes  




 Is the offer legit? I'd be willing to take it.  




 One hour train ride to work with headphones, a drink of coffee, and a scenic route of Utah's beauty. This is my habit! 




 Seconded. One of the most well written books I have ever read.  




 Reminds me of my blind friend I recently met. We were crossing the parking lot to get to my car and had to walk over some rocks to get there. I walked across no issue, and my friend, upon feeling the rocks with his cane, giggled in excitement. He had a blast climbing over them (I didn't care enough to help, feeling confident in his abilities) saying most people wouldn't let him do such a thing due to fear of him hurting himself.  




 *Shop of the Lin Family* by Mao Dun. Taught me everything I needed to know about revolutions, capitalism, and China, all in less than sixty pages.  




 What's a minister?

(#)NoReligiousAuthority 

(#)Quakers 




 Browsing the book store is where I get my fix. If something catches my I, I'll gloss over it and buy it. I might look up reviews quickly.  




 I see a similar sign over by the CenturyLink building. I'd take the job...if there was a contact listing.  




 Into the Wild. Really did a number on me as a teenager.  




 I'll get back to you in a month, ha! How long did it take you to finish? 




 Recently picked up the book for cheap, but boy is it long. Is it worth the journey? 




 **The Last Town On Earth, by Thomas Mullen** 

Very interesting take on the 1918 epidemic we seem to forget ever happened. Heavy socialist/pacifist themes abound.  




 Gardening groups and language classes could be fun.  




 Take your favorite political book and condense it's ideas down to your speech (while also adding your own take).  




 Does that happen? I was thinking of In Cold Blood! 




 Correct! 




 Went to LDS services with my roommates. It was a little uncomfortable, but still somewhat enjoyable.  




 Two guys kill a whole family, rocking a quiet, small town.  




 Is it similar in style to Tina Fey's *Bossypants* (assuming you've read that as well)? 




 *Of Mice and Men* or *Cannery Row*, both by Steinbeck.  




 The Fall - Camus 




 I had no idea about this! Thank you for the suggestion! 




 Ah, must be a state by state thing. There are records of blank ballots for my home state Massachusetts.   




 Hello all,

I'm after any Library of America collection editions of any authors. Preferably, I'm after Philip K Dick or Ralph Waldo Emerson, but I'm open to any authors. I absolutely love how LOA organizes several stories/writings/books into one, and highly enjoy how they look on my bookshelf.

Willing to buy outright or trade from my limited collection.
  




 Best Coast is absolutely necessary for a good summer. Their music is perfect for sunny days. 




 I joined for the same reasons. Have since switched denominations, but I sympathize heavily with that view. 




 It might not make it to the press, but the amount of votes any candidate gets is public record (in the US) including blank ballots.  




 Yes, and I've run for office before. Your vote sends a message when you vote outside of major parties.  




 Seconded. I'm between SLC and Provo and haven't had an issue.   




 A lot of customers use it for very basic things like email, and only email. You'd be surprised. We want to make sure that you're getting a higher speed for good reasons.  




 My best bet is they were trying to gauge whether you use things that require a lot of data usage (Netflix, downloading games, etc.). That is pretty funny though. 




 I'm paid bi-weekly, and donate a small amount to my meeting, when feasible.  




 In short, the owner of /r/LDS wasn't happy and didn't like the direction the sub was heading in, so he closed the sub down. Thus, here we are.  




 Sure, but I was just explaining why some people like him. He's a different type of thinker for a lot of people, which is his main appeal.  




 His books are pretty different than from what else you might read today.  




 Watched *Nightcrawler* last night for the second time,this time with a more analytical mindset. It's a really strong critique of hyper capitalism and dog-eat-dog competition. There are so many specific points made if you watch for analogies. Any one else have any thoughts about the film?

Also, anyone know where I can buy an anarcho-pacifist flag? I've been looking, but only found one on Amazon, and it was really pricey. I could make my own but I'm not very good with my hands!  




 As a prospective non-LDS BYU applicant, thanks for the write up. Extremely helpful in determining whether I apply or not :) 




 We have to understand that many former members have been hurt by the church, as when they leave their families and friends may leave them, and outcast them from their normal social circles. It's hard to win back hearts which have been so damaged by loved ones. 




 I found this place via either /r/mormon or /r/exmormon maybe two years ago, can't remember which 




 I love being called "Young Man" by them. Just warms my heart. 




 My company does the same thing. We choose the "closed" option when we step away for a second (as oppsed to "open", which lets us recieve calls). 




 Could it not be argued that selecting the Bible is not endorsing any particular established religion, since Christianity is so general? As in, they're favoring a broad category, rather than something like Catholicism or Methodism. 

That's the only argument I can see being made in state court, if this law goes there.    




 Thank you for the write up. I agree conservatives are a little out of touch. They have many solid good points, but how they go about sharing them often goes insensitive. 

Here's a video on combing social justice (in regards to poverty) with conservatism: http://youtube.com/watch?v=OPOnzzB3OZs 




 What do people think of "Shooting An Elephant"? It's probably one of my favorite essays I've ever read, as it describes the problems of colonialsm very well. 




 Just an FYI, tithing is not related to getting any sort of position inside the LDS church, since all members pay an equal amount (10% of income). Unless you're referring to something I'm not aware of. 




 So if I don't know squat, and have never coded before, but am willing to commit, would I be a good student? 




 I always miss the Lindsy Stirling sales :(

Thanks, though 




 I'm not sure how it would be drafted, or if it would be even feasible, but I'd like to see the allowance of citizens to avoid paying taxes towards war, if they object to said action.   




 As already said, the DMZ is heavily guarded. Very few who escape NK do so through the DMZ, due to risk of mines and being shot. The Chinese border, though still guarded, is relatively more easier to escape through, this why it is the border many choose to flee over (and Chinese guards can be bribed).  




 Though I've only just started my job, I know that if it was not for my amazing coworkers, I'd be having all the same problems as everyone else has written. Plus, the view of the mountains from my desk helps make me feel relaxed.  




 Not necessarily. Many more democratic countries have multi-party states, rather than only two parties: http://i.imgur.com/gCutY.png 




 Thank you for the pictures and AMA; I learned a lot from your experience. 

You mention the medical students asked you about Beyonce. How up to date did they seem on outside culture, like music, TV, and movies? I'm surprised they even knew about her - as far as I understand, imports of outside media are forbidden. 

Secondly, you mention you talked with the pastor of the church you visited, while noting the oddity of the churches attendees (all older women). Did the pastor seem knowledgeable on scripture? Did he seem real, as opposed to being an actor?  




 You never know. I'll have a heated conversation with someone, only to realize they were right a few days later. We often don't admit we're wrong in the heat of the moment. 




 "In an attempt to even the playing field, privacy activists have turned the tables on the surveillance industry keeping tabs on everyone else." 









 There's /r/geopolitics for news updates on American foreign policy (though not all links are related to the US).

They have a list of good sources over on their sidebar. 




 It sort of is. Some meetings will bring something to either provoke thought or discussion. You don't have to speak or think about the topic if you so choose, it's generally up to you. However, this all varies meeting by meeting and how they handle things.

After the prompt was shared, no one else spoke for the next two hours of meeting.  
























 You are a one righteous dude, Jim! 




 Since you're a vet, I highly recommend you contact the Red Cross in SLC and reach their veteran mentoring division. They might have a list of vet friendly companies that could be hiring now. And if you fall on hard times, they can definitely put you in touch with the right people (VA, VSOs, etc).

I work for said division in Provo, so feel free to PM me :) 




 To be frank, they're not that bad. 




 Apocalips Now sounds like a good name for a certain type of movie... 




 They're politically active or work (or want to work) in the non-profit sector. Swoons me instantly. 




 Someone here said they wouldn't date people who enjoy weaving 17th century French baskets. I lost my shit, yo. 




 Yup. The imgur extension for Chrome does this really easily. 




 Besides what others have suggested, you could maybe see if they list certain authors that are related to the arts.  




 The Underground Railroad, though it didn't destroy slavery, certainly aided a lot of people to freedom. And Woman's Suffrage (in the US) worked.    




 Just don't overuse it. It can get annoying if you do that. Otherwise, whatever.  




 Share you profile.  




 I've had work come up and cancel the same date on me twice. It happens.  




 Let him know you know, check to see if he is poly. If he says yes, ask if you can talk to his partner too.   




 Wasn't a priest ;)))) 




 Shop of the Lin Family by Mao Dun. Very short, very poetic. It's a lot of political thought packed into sixty pages.   




 So try and find smaller get together groups. 

There's also volunteering!  




 Not bad! I'd add what hobbies you've been quick to learn, just to make you stand out a little bit. 

Also your dad (?) looks like Ron Paul. I had to do a double take.   




 My church crush gave a speech on honesty and I sat there all starry eyed. Swooned instantly.  




 1. Contact MTV

2. Get on their show Catfish

3. Stalk girl/guy with cameras 

4. ???

5. Profit 




 That's fine. I don't see anything wrong with that. 

 




 My new job with the Red Cross! Weeeee! 




 On a second look, the CBPP's look a little higher than Heritage's, depending on how you define entitlements. 

So are the numbers correct or is something amiss? I always thought the CB was a neutral group, but you seem to be indicating the numbers are different. What sources are you referring to? 




 Which technicalities? 




 Is the CBPP not trustworthy? They show similar numbers. I thought they were a neutral source. 

 http://goo.gl/Lq57Ev

What's wrong with the numbers? Is the CBPP doing their data wrong? Or are they biased (assuming you know since you didn't provide a source)? Thanks!  




 According to the CBPP, the numbers look right: http://goo.gl/Lq57Ev

Am I missing something? Thanks.  




 Yup! I've tutored there for a little bit. It's absolutely awesome. The program does a lot of emphasis on writing creativity. Super fun.   




 They're not socialist, they're social democracies. There's a difference. Capitalism still thrives in Scandanvia.  




 Is their data wrong? I remember reading similar numbers from other sources.  




 Lobbying. I've done it, and now a law I lobbied for is close to becoming law. Feels good.  




 What courses are you taking? 




 Seconded. We need to weaken unions and overturn CU.  




 Can you think of a better way to challenge a well armed military that has tanks, bombs, and battleships? 




 The Twilight series actually has some Christian undertones (more specifically, Mormon ones) relating to marriage and pureness.  




 Bring a book! The outdoors is the perfect place for reading. 




 He has tinnitus, which is a constant ringing in the ear. He apparently got this from working on Star Trek. 

Here he is talking about it: http://youtu.be/E7bL9BhESYA 




 Mormons are okay, but the church is a little not okay. It has way too much influence in politics here in Utah than it should. Not they shouldn't have their say, but they shouldn't try and control the legislature. 

I appreciate Mormons themselves though.  




 Why? 




 Tree fiddy.  




 Anything special about it? Never heard of it.  




 Yes, they're national, but they're only in one or two cities and not spread out across a whole state. I think that makes them kind of local.  




 My best guess is ceremonies and parades. Can't see any other reason.  




 Lynn might be, but Salem and Peabody are definitely not. They're pretty safe and affordable.   




 This is why I moved away from Mass. Too expensive and the job market sucks. Both of those need to change.  




 *Into The Wild* will make you want to drop everything and go hitchhiking across a country.  




 Ah, thought it was Utah. My bad! 




 Here in Provo, Utah (where Google Fiber was first set up), you can get up to a gigabyte for residential and small business, which I'm sure many people use.

I'm jealous of your speeds though! I'd kill for that. 




 It's a way of getting mail and information in your mailbox for your computer, but instead of getting it from overpriced companies which overcharge you, you get it from some local company which is pretty nice to you. 




 My complex provides it for free, so my speeds aren't top notch (5mbps/download, 1mbps/upload), but it is reliable. I've had no issues with it thus far, which is good. A lot of other ISPs will have outages, faulty modems, etc., and I've had none of that. 

So, no complaints from me! But it's nothing outstanding.  









 What's wrong with it? 




 which corporate loopholes Sanders wants to close

Which ones did you mention? 




 If you haven't read him, a lot of works by David Friedman helped me understand their ideas. 




 Which specific tax-loopholes, if closed, would garner the most money for such a feat to be attempted? 




 update? 




 Is there a secret menu I can order from? 









 Thank you! I might apply because of this posting.  




 If we do part-time do we get to make our own schedules?  




 Oldboy (Korean Version) 




 No. But I assume many woman skip over bi men like myself.  




 Purity Ring and Braids at The Depot, Monday! 




 My school (SSU) voted on having them part of our tuition back in 2012/13 




 As said, Cape Cod is pricey and booked in advanced. Though not as scenic, you can try the South Shore (Scituate, Hull, Cohasset), which is a region between Boston and the Cape. These are also coastal towns with plenty of beaches and a few light houses. Cheaper, too. 




 There's some abandoned day care in SLC. Someone posted here inquiring as to what the building actually was, since it still seemed to be maintained, yet no children were ever spotted near the building. /r/conspiracy eventually picked it up, and started an investigation as to what the building was actually being used for. Though most of the text has been removed (due to doxxing the business) here's some discussion about it: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2tvah1/slc_creepy_daycare_saga/ 




 Just run for office. I did, at only the age of twenty. Didn't win, and didn't intend to win, but it was a starting point.  




 I've only received two out of the blue messages from woman. Responded to both. So...100% response rate? 




 Lots of call centers and a lot of IT type jobs. Construction and trucking seem to be big too. Good amount of NGOs are stationed here if that's your thing. It's really not hard to find something that pays the bills (rent in SLC and the surrounding area is very cheap, like $400/mo for a room). Within a month of moving here I got several interviews and call backs. 

You can check out this site to get a feel for what's available: http://www.ksl.com/jobs 




 If possible, there's always moving. I moved to an area where jobs fall out of the sky. Of course that's not possible for everyone, but if it's an option, take it.

Edit: For reference, I'm in Salt Lake City, where there are "Hiring" billboards and signs dotted across the land. Yes, actual "Hiring" billboards. 




 No, but, if we are to have positions of any sort we must be prepared to defend them. To question ourselves constantly assures us our reasoning is sound. To blindly go around claiming things without knowing what backs them up doesn't make one a good thinker. 




 This is how it is with my new job as well. We're allowed one unexcused day, and after that there's possible disciplinary action, though we have some added protection due to unionization.  




 I'll never forget a pair of JW missionaries coming to my door. I was listening to them politely until one of them mentioned JW's were the only faith to send missionaries out worldwide. I brought up the Mormons doing the same thing, and the two seemed generally confused. almost defensive about their claim. Was very weird.  




 I'm too good for this world. And too cheap. 




 I wear Axe sometimes. 




 Listening to the debate about this on Wyoming NPR, as I understand it, the bill only applies to private land, not public.  




 Yes. I spent a good amount of time being original. Every profile I come across seems so similar. The number of times I've seen "Message Me If...You want to" has killed me.  




 I don't know what I did, but thank you  









 Ah, apologies. I thought the Dems controlled Congress at one point since Reagan. Didn't know the GOP has held both houses entirely since. 




 Though the Dems have controlled the Presidency and Congress since 




 I would think people would be inclined to believe anarchists if they did more work for the better good in the public eye. As good as Food Not Bombs and print shops are, they're not enough in changing our political system. 




 Salon, Mother Jones, NYT, Jezebel and similar publications constantly post negative pieces on him.  




 State law for my school (Massachusetts) dictated that if we didn't do the pledge at least once a week, we would be fined $5 per week we didn't do it. I always thought that was a little funny.    




 It's just investment and trade deals. Chinese folks aren't flocking to Africa to move.  




 Hm, I'm only showing one on your profile. Might be an issue on my end.  




 Don't forget to pahk da cah.   




 * More pics 
* Use the word I less in your opener.  




 Have you read the Kite Runner, too? A Thousand Splendid Suns is my next read, so do you know how the two compare? 




 Good job. That was great! The buskers are my favorite part of Boston. 




 Or organize locally. Wyoming, Montana, Idaho and other states are ripe for the placement of colonies.   




 Yup, I'm a deist, though I use the Bible as a guide. 




 Did you try turning your account on and off again?

But srsly, it's not your fault. 




 BYU (Mormon college) housing. 

It's cheap. Like really cheap. No judging, mmkay? 




 Most likely not. Parody is protected free speech.  




 I miss that dirty water. 

Have fun, ya fuhking jerks.  




 What are you drinking?

Apple beer. No actual alcohol allowed in the building. 

Help.    




 Seasteading is exactly this. /r/seasteading 




 I work with vets. Best advice: learn their stories, be mindful, and don't get upset when they disagree with you. Many of these servicemen have be mishandled by the military or the government (and in the case of the US, the VA). 

To bring them to the ideas of statelessness, connect their ideas of patriotism (if they are patriots) and steer that towards a love not just of their own country, but for a love of all mankind.  




 The US government is the most well armed force on the planet. To take on such a foe would require a great amount of strength, and an even greater amount of sympathy from those within the ranks of the Feds (military, politicians, DEA, FBI, etc). Local police forces would also have to be convinced to join the site of the rebels rather than the side that funds their pensions. 

The US, being so large and diverse, would also have to find some unifying factor for rebels to be supported by a grand majority. This factor would bring together conservatives, progressives, radicals, and the apolitical alike. 

Such a rebellion would also have to be very well organized, or so popular that so many come on board the cause that taking on the US military could possibility result in victory. 

Be mindful that if we're talking civilian versus army, these means that it's guns versus tanks, fighters, war ships, and missiles.  

So, a rebellion could take place, but a successful one would be hard to come by.  









 You could try Americorps VISTA or one of their other programs.  After serving with them you become eligible for an education award (the amount depends on your length of service, which can generally go up to a year). I'm actually with Americorps myself, and after a few months of part time work I'll be eligible for a $2k education award. If I served a full year, that number would be about $5k. 

Or find a company that does tuition reimbursement.  




 Do it. Getting that degree allows you to enter not only into fields that will feed you better, but fields that are also more benefitial to your community, like non-profit work. 




 http://vocaroo.com/

Sound recording site. 




 I have faith in God, and follow Christ as my teacher. However, I don't need clergy for these beliefs. To me, any belief is fine, but religious hierarchy is destructive towards one's own way to God.  




 I applied for a VISTA position in Wyoming, and was one of only two people to apply. So there's that. 




 When I was living in Wyoming I made a 7 hour drive down to Denver (I think she only accepted the date because I was punny, and she didnt realize I was in a different state for some reason). It was totally worth it.

Now that I'm just near Salt Lake City, I'd say a two hour drive is my maximum. which I've done a few times.  




 I just fantasize about getting my own apartment with rabbits and cats to keep me company. One day... 




 For what it's worth, during the Civil Rights Movement there were some Return To Africa groups pushing for black Americans to go back to their ancestral land (and these were run by black Americans, such as the father of one Malcolm X). The effect of that movement was negligible.   




 Submission Comment:

According to the author, Jeb Bush has a staunch history of being an active conservative governor on things like education and the Second Amendment, yet Republicans seem to often ignore this, either due to ignorance, or his "non-conservative" stances on immigration and Common Core. The article shows how tough Bush will have it come 2016. 









 For VISTA, you will definitely become poor, and you will grow to embrace it (unless you have a killer amount of savings in your bank). My stipend was $900/mo, and rent was about $400/mo, which gave me $500 to things like food, clothing, and entertainment. Wasn't terribly hard to live by, but it was a struggle on occasion.

Also, if you're a first year VISTA like I was (NGOs can host a VISTA up to three consecutive years), you'll be breaking ground for the organization, so expect some bumps along the way. 
























