 I'd watch this and not be ashamed to admit it. like 500 days of summer. goodass movie 




 lagomorphs.* I've been yelled at about this before already. I'll remember next time 




 what about poo. your cage looks so clean. my rabbit used to just constantly leave a trail of shits behind him and I said to myself no more rodents from now on. 




 A POP POP POP POP POP PAPOW 




 I want to try this 




 those gills though. I bet he gets all the ladies 




 is that where I heard this? what's the episode I wanna rewatch it 




 about publishing a book, right? I hope so 




 was not disappoint 




 ooo throw some gold trim on his plates! 




 and equally insane buyers. some guy bought a disco volante for 2 million if I remember correct and the car is not even street legal there. 




 area:volume can't get lower than a sphere so I'd imagine so 




 ( o  o) 




 he's spinning his cocoon 




 no it's because it's fun 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche_911 




 people who don't own this van:

1) Jeremy Clarkson 




 can you assholes stop posting pictures of beautifully cooked tuna? I know you are just doing it to make me jealous 




 But theyd be white (white) white on a sunshiney day 




 NO. WATER STONE 




 it's possible to get a solid black eye from heavy trauma but I'm 100% sure the pupil is photoshopped in. in case I'm wrong can anyone explain it? 




 and half of them are older than the wheel 




 "DUDE I'm so high." 




 you need to swim out there and dive. there's definitely an Easter egg down there. maybe a cool sword or something 




 I swear a sleepy dog is a liquid 




 you are the hero America needs 




 unicycles are a really effective means of transportation

-book of things I never thought I'd hear 




 shower beers? 




 next time you're out climbing rocks like that, think of us poor fucks who are stuck in boring flat Illinois and enjoy your life just a little bit more! 




 that is absolutely gorgeous.  




 what an adorable little 1920s sailor 




 sign him out. don't be going through other people's shit. 




 you need like AT LEAST 50 gallons to keep just one of them :( 




 it's not about staying warm it's about looking fly as fuck. I bet all the other huskies be jellin so hard 




 those classes aren't about actually learning art. they're about having fun and that's exactly what this guy did. 




 it makes no sense to me that everybody on here is claiming they have no problem with growth hormone and then simultaneously downvoting you for saying you wish it were socially acceptable. 




 his point is that nobody can deny that steroids are taboo among the vast majority of people and he's definitely right. he's just saying he wishes it wasn't the case and all you people are advocating hgh and then downvoting this guy for saying he wishes it were socially acceptable and that makes absolutely no sense regardless of where you stand on the issue. 




 thanks to David Firth 




 I don't know how you people do it but props to you. it's really cool to see how loyal and playful birds are with their breeders but oh my god the amount of work it requires is astronomical. 




 I had a friend named Quetzalli who owned an axolotl. doesn't get more Aztec than that 




 slooooowride 




 the worst part is that picture is hilarious without the dumb note :(  




 even me? 




 1000 YEARS DUNGEON FOR ALL YOU FRICKIN FRICKS 




 reminded me of the automatic pilot from Airplane 




 First off, I got my car brand new. this is in response to the guy who followed the car thief because he recognized the car from Facebook. Do people still steal newer cars? Can you get around the system and get different plates or if the theif sells, does the buyer then just drive the car unregistered to his name because I would think when you register it they'd catch you. I can't understand how stealing a car is worth the trouble. 


































































































































































































































































































































































 and only about 3 of them are labeled :( 




 LOL 30 is tee shirt weather in Chicago. 




 Dirty Harry is the second highest comment??? I DO want to live on this planet anymore! 




 little mac 




 the normal pink and purple ones are actually good for your tank. this one, judging by its size, is probably bad. 




 no way. call him Archie. He looks exactly like Dreiberg's ship from Watchmen. 




 fool. the problems of the third world do not affect America. capitalism is the only true religion. 




 baby got spade 




 this is false. it does it to attract nature photographers because it likes the attention. on your marks. get set. science! 




 I should put one on my life 




 I'm  lnr. I dn't lik it, but I suffr frm  ul f things tht ush m t it. I wish I uld b mr sil thrugh things lik nlin id gms, but I n't fl ttrtd t thm. 

I feel kind of bad for him. let him farm all the fake internet points he wants.

 




 You are goddamn right. 




 THATS MY FUCKING COMMENT. BlockoManWINS is my other account.  




 think of it this way. when you have no friends you can wear a cloak out in public and not have to worry what people think. honestly cloaks look warm and comfortable as fuck. 




 I don't understand why your comment is acceptable and mine is not 




 got a place near there. I will definitely be keeping my eyes peeled! 




 infiniti logo is not just a circle with a triangle missing. it's a road going off into the distance. another obvious thing that took me ages to notice. 




 yeah it just makes the contruction look shoddy. I guess that in itself is impressive though. making a p1 look shoddy. 




 forget Kate Upton they couldve had me for like $100 




 Mine used to paste himself right in the center of the front glass in my 30 cube and just chill there for hours. it drove me absolutely crazy to the point where I returned him and never bought a new one. maybe I should have just swapped instead  




 how the fuck did that cost 40 million... ELI5 




 only one Lambo? how does it make you feel better knowing there are poor people in the world? 




 student doctor here. almost definitely ebola. 




 LaLeLambro 




 ex wal mart employee is all he says 




 I can't help but wonder where he lives and what he does 




 friend I can get you mini whale. am PMing you PayPal account and please just transferring $1500 USD into it and I will send you mini whale. thank you sir. 




 changling

is that like... a Chinese baby or something? 




 spionid worm. slightly different (2 tentacles instead of a million) but they do the same thing 




 I agree. the vigilante should be doing a sick skateboard trick when he does this. now THAT would be radical. 




 guys I don't get it. you always do this. you always make jokes that you know I won't get. 




 I'm glad my life isn't so miserable that I have time to browse a subreddit I hate just so that I can leave douchey comments with my novelty account. 




 I'm gonna be reaping those benefits in about 5 years 




 red orange yellow green blue purple 




 what don't you like 




 the texture on the stoned bird is phenomenal. I am speechless 




 my bunny grew sassy eyebrows one season and then they just kind of disappeared. I wonder why it happens 




 Same thing happened to me. If you saw the black and white of the man with antlers in the forest on r/woahdude, that was mine. Not only that but the reposter was an enormous tool and people were looking at his past comments and thinking they were me. Got him IP banned in the end. 




 MY HAND IS CRAMPING MRS PUFF 




 now add mtn dew 




 they won't burst because if one bubble is compressed, instead of popping it will just flatten and eject all of its air into the surrounding bubbles. it's like a workers union all protecting each other from getting stepped on. 




 looks like someone just laid a dryer sheet over the sky 




 I'm proud of myself for gaining 30lb in 2 and a half years 




 they usually dont. this is just one of those overly liberal "fuck society I'm going to do what I want" trees. 




 my Boston does the same thing. she humps dogs three times her size and when they try to get away she growls and snaps at them. my adorable little rapist. 




 1 of the 2 cars in the picture happens to be a Bentley because Dubai 




 I'm a huge bug nerd and I am aware that orb weavers are beautiful and harmless but every time I see an argiope in the wild I shit my pants and scream like a little girl regardless. 




 (    )

 




 I dunno man youd need a LOT of cherry shrimp to fill that sucker 




 should have said "gay atheist cat" instead of "grandfather." it's more attention grabbing and equally bullshit 




 do you think they allow tours 




 forget about resealing. OP MUST stain that drawer black. studies that I invented in my head just now conclusively proove that black tank stands are where it's at. 




 yeah I don't understand why everyone is so weirded out by Carlos. he's just a chill dude who happens to have no skin or organs. it's almost racist if you think about it. 




 they are damn near impossible to catch without removing the entire rock 




 usually that only happens when the shrimp is tunneling downward and hits the bottom of the tank. they don't just randomly punch glass. if your sandbed is sufficiently deep you're fine. 




 there's nothing that's only eaten by spiders but they contribute enormously to insect population control in general and the majority of them are harmless to humans. 




 I didn't like it originally either but you have to see it in motion to appreciate its sexiness. watch some videos 




 you're not wrong 




 there's no way this car is real. it's too beautiful. definitely just an urban legend. 




 all jokes aside, earth would be a nightmare without spiders. just a giant writhing mass of flies, mosquitoes, and every other insect you hate. 




 nopeologist here. can confirm 




 you could probably throw a whale shark or two in there if you did regular water changes 




 fuck I miss Belize 




 well maybe if he had brought a science vessel or obs he would have been more prepared 




 an Easter egg from 1994 that was never found. inside is a fossilized peep. equip it as armor 




 this is one of the best looking *cars* I've ever seen. so well done. I want to take a pointy boobed girl to the drive in theater in that bad boy. 




 I made a sticky and sparten did a self post. everyone who bothered to respond liked it. 




 can confirm. One of those was me. 




 I'm not saying what he did was ok but you literally cannot mention his name now without an army of self righteous fucks suddenly pretending that they are above being upset about this. he was the carpet in the Big Lebowski. he held the show together which is why he did all the celebrity interviews. we are all sad that top gear as we know it is gone and it's oh so reassuring to me that people are so quick to demonize someone that they loved for so long. I'm done arguing about this. 




 so ALL those years of entertainment he gave you mean nothing because he made one mistake. because you're perfect and have never made a mistake. got it. 




 how about next time you leave constructive criticism instead of being passive aggresive 




 with the new hellcat and Ford's current performance lineup they're going to have to do something crazy to keep up. if there was ever a time for mid engine it's now. 




 I saw one in army green on Monday and it was stunning. I swear you could paint this car dog shit beige and it would still raise my pulse. 




 hopefully they set a precedent for  taking wild concept cars and turning them into production cars 




 how is this the top comment? do you go to a funeral and say "oh that guy was a tool anyway." we all know what happened. show some fucking respect for all he gave us. 




 I could see aquaman driving that 




 it was from a  post about sports so manly that they aren't in the Olympics or something. the guy is standing on a plank of wood being pulled by a 2 cowpower engine through some mud. the Scottish tree throwing thing was in there too. 




 in thinking of their imitation of the facial expression of peugeot driver and giggling in class 




 the Bolivia one was amazing. as was India. and all the other ones 




 this one must have been spun at a *record breaking* speed HAHAHHA RIGHT GUYS 




 mine are always so fragile. how do you make it stronger 




 yeah with creepy statues and like... poems carved into trees. would be so cool 




 there are a couple issues with the font. text fields for submitting posts and the drop-down menu for "my subreddits" are too light so the font is hard to see. if I post the code will someone take a look at it? 









 I want to see it NOW 




 a snowy owl! 




 no more tears. only dreams now 




 this was posted 6 minutes after hoser 




 some say he will die if Jeremy Clarksons contract is not renewed. You want that on your conscience BBC? 




 I-L-L 




 yes we already know 




 prof be clownin 




 what does a Bostonian call a deer with no eyes* 




 OP reported this from a 7th graders AIM buddy profile 




 Check out our new chilled down design by /u/spart3n117! Someone should totally give him gold ( -  ). In other news, I changed the spam filter to "low" so hopefully those of you getting censored will be fine now. 




 you got a hat trick! 




 the alligator in the tree is fucking with me 




 I thought exactly the same thing and I'm not feelin it 




 the beetle is a little heavier but the new interiors are amazing. I vastly prefer it to the gti. they are equally fun to drive though 




 I'm gonna need that in smoke grey with white stripes 




 maybe it's the "mikes secret stuff" effect. the power was in YOU the whole time.


time keeps on slippin slippin slippin

into the future 




 no I think it actually looks great if you like early 90s restaurant carpet designs. 









 I didn't even know that happened! SO COOL 




 I had a snowflake moray named Boogers. after those little yellow snotties they have on their nostrils. the name suited him so well he was such a clown. 




 :-* kissy face 




 you can lie to the world but you can't lie to yourself 




 not me I'm a pretty nice guy right? 




 this guy is a karma farm. he's just a new GallowBoob. motherfucker is all over /new just reposting shit. 




 I tried to do that to mine and hed pee in the litter box but then hed perk his ears and launch himelf out, kicking litter everywhere, and sprint up to my roommates door where hed leave a pile of poo and just lay. I think he was just a jerk. 




 I watched a couple of them and he is extremely annoying. everything he says is redundant. it's a shame because I really like the videos otherwise 




 aw you jerks I just saw this today and was going to post it 
























 if I ever go bald I am going to march right over to gods house and take a poo on his sofa. 




 my dad was a weaver 




 *weed joke* 




 and now that dad is in jail nothing can take that away from us! 




 I won't claim to know how an octopus tank size effects its stress level I'm just saying that its intelligence won't have anything to do with the argument. it's a sedentary animal so if all its needs are accounted for it will stay put whereas a tang is highly energetic. it's like having a small apartment and putting a sleepy dog vs a nutty dog in it. they could be the same breed but the nutty one will be stressed and the sleepy one won't be bothered. 




 how does that make any sense? an animals territory size is in no way related to its intelligence. the only reason an octopus moves at all is to find food or mate. 




 I have an exam tomorrow and I'm going to get less than 5 hours of sleep thanks to OP. ain't even mad. 




 I'm down. let's bring a bunch of booze and figure out a way to turn this into the ultimate drinking game? 




 what did the female do to get kicked out of the bed? musta been something bad. 




 he's got a point. if I were God id look down at earth and go "holy shit look at that turban" 




 dude I bet he could palm kanye west's ego 




 I shall die in a pool of vomit, convulsing on the floor from heart failure but happy nonetheless 




 awww thank you sweetie I love me too :) 




 I'm going to make these for me because I love me so much :) 




 bb I'm bout to plug dis dongle in and charge u RIGHT up (    ) 




 and then a cartoon series based on the toy 




 how does this relate? particle accelerators are not that hard to understand. In fact I will explain to you right now how they work: shit is magic. 




 could you not? id like to keep my methods on the down low until it's published. 




 actually mammatus comes from the same root as mammary because these clouds looked like boobs to whoever named them. 




 I don't understand people like you. that's literally 1 bite of food. I have friends who will eat a hamburger and leave the LAST bite to waste and it makes me go ape shit. 




 it didn't smell at all it was just the taste. it's one of those things that I can see why people would like it but for the price id rather just have tuna or tako 




 marinade it first. delicious. 




 go to Greek Islands and try their octopus. it is absolutely phenomenal. my mom tells me that when I was a kid I refused to eat anything except pb j, hamburgers, and cold octopus salad 




 no way man the texture was great but it tastes the way a tidepool smells. oddly charming but all in all just bad. 




 an identified driving object? 




 my brain is struggling to turn that into a sex joke 




 incorrect. train_subject6359 shifts significantly faster with an average shift time of approximately 0ms. some say he shifts so fast that his lap times are negative. 




 I don't know that there is a wrong way to use it. 




 was he doing curls on the calf machine and going TSATT. HUNNNHHHH with every rep because if so I think you nailed it. 




 go buy as many lottery tickets as you can afford. someone upstairs has your back today. 




 I did a study the other day which conclusively proved that I don't like diet soda as much as I like regular soda and therefore regular is better. still waiting to hear back from the new England journal of medicine. 




 oooh ooh ooh that's a party foul. I wish you hadn't pointed that out. this is amazing otherwise. 




 the high rev is absolutely beautiful but I can't decide if my love for it outweighs my disdain for loud idling. 




 make that 40 :) 




 that god damn thing is already louder than my 500w amp 




 those "related" videos 




 he's been living in the desert under a rock, watching reruns of 90s sitcoms no doubt. 




 because his light was about to turn green so in my haste I didnt realize the diglet was blocking part of the camera 









 just stop. nobody wants you here. 




 83 in illinois 




 maybe he's in Australia so when it turns upside down its actually right side up? 




 frankly I'm not sure 




 but who will clean the cleaner of the cleaner? 




 dead like your social life 




 people on reddit will go ape shit for the 800th ok looking girl to put a chicken on her shoulder but when a guy like you decides to poke fun at how tired this lame fucking joke is, you get torn apart for being bald. today is the day I unsubscribe. 




 on your marks. get set. science! 




 your urchin is senpai. he has graduated to the upper class. 




 I prefer to call it "becoming LFS syndrome" 




 not so much here in Illinois :p 




 An amazingly well taken care of [356](http://i.imgur.com/Jsd9O94.jpg) and a [911 turboS](http://i.imgur.com/ZQd40xq.jpg) from the 70s with some awesome rims that you can't see (and an awesome exhaust that you can't hear) because of my sub par camerman...ism. It was a good day though. 









 I don't understand buying a car and not using it. my dd 10 years from now is going to be mid engined with 2 seats 




 WOW. if the boner police are in the building I demand an attorney 




 a man named "smeargle" WOULD have this moveset. 




 Hey man I noticed that you're "gangster." I'm pretty gangster myself. 




 James Bond drives them though. JAMES BOND. 




 and then get electric green satin wraps on them 




 if I had the money I would pay infinity dollars for this car and not regret it. it's the best looking thing I've ever seen that wasn't a classic American muscle car on lifted suspension with off-road tires. 




 especially when you were 18 and you only blew a .02 




 warning: may cause top kek 




 neither are women but they cost a fortune too. so I spose it fits. 




 he could always resort to sleep powder (    ) 




 I caught mewtwo in a pokeball, scrub. 




 jewel has handles of vodka for $10.99. who needs a bar haha. ha.

:( 




 sounds like Damon albarn 




 I'll have to give her another chance 




 if her actual standup were as funny as this shed be amazing! 




 does it move at all? does the top retract? is the body rigid or does it move like a worm? 




 thanks man I'm glad you like it! I've tried digital but paint sort of has a "personality" that I like working with 




 Thanks man :) check out my website at http://www.studioralu.com if you're interested 




 I can't wait to move out of the Midwest and go somewhere warm with trees and mountains 




 inner conflict which is also not necessarily good or bad 




 neither is necessarily good or bad 




 not at all man go right ahead :) 









 Check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com  









 I was walking in the woods the other day and there was just a dude sitting in a tree smoking a cig. At least I THINK it was a cig.

Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 we all already know what you do and may I say you do it very well. you're like a moose Waldo. 




 looks infinitely better with the mods! I dig that satin 




 I think its absolutely ridiculous that it's rude to ask. so many ridiculous things are considered rude. 




 eh they'll probably all be naturally selected out of the population sooner later 




 also that way you can floor it clear out of your garage. 

"better to get there fast as fuck than to get there in one piece." - Mahatma Gandhi 




 authoritah* 




 the sesame seeds are a nice touch 




 when my roommate got a nutri bullet I made sauces for every single thing I ate. gourmet as fuck 




 nature didn't want to to waste that awesome material 




 just making sure. lots of people think narwhals are, so why not toucans too 




 even me? 




 toucans are not mythical though 




 I disagnosed it just now after viewing others' diagnoses and claiming them as my own. 




 I half saw it 




 it's love 




 wh... why? 




 this jerk. I clicked the first one not knowing it was going to be a series and then he plays the cliffhanger card on me and now I am sucked in. damn you OP 




 read his other comments. he is almost definitely insane. 




 what the hell is wrong with this guy? is this a reference? 




 oh we got a butt 




 less than a week now! 




 that's so raven 




 Google the word "vernacular" 




 synapses yes. it's called neuroplasticity. but you don't replenish the actual cells

Edit: also thought it would be interesting to add that to get a signal from anywhere in your body all the way up to the cortex of your brain, it only takes about 3 or 4 neurons. those things are long as hell 




 i always think about how cool it would be to send scientists back to biblical times and hear the modern explnation of some of some of those stories 




 you don't replace neurons 




 foolish child. go to your room and await corporal punishment 




 I don't know if the parasite is actually controlling the mantis but some parasites/symbionts secrete hormones and chemicals that can influence the behavior of the host and some can actually infect the hosts brain and literally mind control it (google "cordyceps")  





























 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 









 the second one 




 GET OUT. 




 during my gap year i woke up whenever I wanted, got paid to get people drunk, and went out every single night I wasn't working and hated it because I thought I was bored. I want to go back in time and slap the shit out of gap year me. 




 ( o  o ) 




 what on earth are you talking about 




 geraffes r so dumb. they are just *long horses* 




 I usually open doors with my penis. it's more sanitary because who knows where my hands have been. 




 pics! I'm in med school and if I can get my lazy ass off reddit I'm hoping to go into ortho. 




 they should make one that fires French fries into my mouth 




 oops I got wooshed 




 howd you survive the 300 foot fall? 




 coincidentally her last name is Wheeler.

I love seeing people find creative ways to make lemonade out of some bitter, bitter lemons. 




 but you're on Reddit 




 funny you should say that because mine was horrible too. is that a thing? 




 The hole is actually the remnant of a miles-deep crater left in the Earth from when Zeus fucked it.

for the curious 




 the other day I was in my car and hungover and I coughed a bit of puke into my mouth and it tasted so gross that I ACTUALLY puked. but I couldn't fuck up my stylish German upholstery so I held the puke in with my hand and swallowed it.  




 May be it's some Lord of the rings shit where HE is actually no man and he is saying he wants you. 




 Ooo fuck yeah I remembered my head phones today 




 Chris...

...WTF 




 my bulk started in June. of 2005 




 oh my god I don't get this dumb trend. there is no such thing as a dwarf orca. they are just overpriced dwarf dolphins with a weird color morph. 




 her surroundings were so flame bro. [9] 




 Lesson 13. show up 5 hours earlier. 




 because he's a badass. or lying. 




 I like its self confident smirk 




 what? no. it's not low *enough* if your tires are still below your hood 




 lower taxes and unblurred dicks! it's what the people want and what the nation needs 




 bring your feel good love in and on my but. as always I better glow like a rainbow.

(    ) 




 why can't they show dicks? I'm genuinely curious.  




 let me be the 800th person to inform you that that's actually Jamie Oliver. hey did I mention that's Jamie Oliver? OH MY GOD DUDE DONT YOU GET IT YET? ITS JAMIE OLIVER. 




 thanks man. it's actually a quote from goodburger. I was just attempting to be funny :p 




 front looks unfinished but I can't help but like it 




 science 




 mhmm... mhmm... yep...

yeah I know some of these words 




 why this car can pull of the tron look and so few others can 




 there was a company that was dropping v8s in them if I remember correctly 




 I'm pretty sure people who claim they are harmful are confusing them with eunycids or some other type of nuisance worm 




 I picked the wrong day to sit in the front row of class 




 HAHAHA RIGHT GUYS? 




 it's like the car is trying to say LOOK AT THIS DEAD BODY. LOOK AT IT. 




 ah thanks. it's baffling why people like the BMW M3 so much when it's only got 3 speeds. (/s) 




 what does the M(number) on each photo mean? (please don't downvote me without answering the qiestion) 




 that's a quitters attitude 




 not anymore. everyone has an hd camera in their pocket these days. cell phones are getting ridiculous 




 moral of the story: read the whole ad before driving out to meet the guy 




 he makes up for them with his personality. 




 what was that other thing Hitler did? like that one really awful thing that history demonizes him for. ohhh yeah he had that stupid moustache! that's it. 




 I invented the universe and waited billions of years to upvote this.  




 oh please it was definitely staged. the leaf wasn't even plugged into anything. 




 this photo is actually pretty old. I would love to see how it looks now with everything grown out and a nice full lawn of green stars. and like a fire shrimp reading a book under the tree 




 I never understood why they didn't call it the nerd puffer. those buck teeth 




 depends on the size of the land. if the plot is the size of 3 soda caps then that amount of trash is basically enough to totally destroy the land. you see that? *these* are the questions we should be asking. 




 I was being completely serious 




 you and comic sans should be friends 




 legend has it that due to a time travelling mishap, this joke is several times older than the universe 




 nobody got your joke :p 




 thats not old spice, that's my wife! 




 elk linguist here. this comment makes me sad 




 that is amazingly cool 




 oh damn I ignored all the backgrounds and didn't realize it was that big. thought it was about the size of a dog. 




 /r/punchablefaces 




 a car that can barely jump a speed bump 




 so fine. so fine. 




 how is "nerd" a form of gluttony 




 furthermore, sea dragons are technically not dragons, as it is not possible to breath fire underwater. on your marks. get set. science 




 I... don't know what to believe anymore 




 I like you 




 now add a turbocharger! 




 can you give us a link to the Lambo you thought it was? I am legitimately curious. 




 don't feel bad. I clicked the picture and STILL thought it was a joke post until I saw the badge and the corners of the grill 




 I bleed red white and blue so it's a little upsetting to me that all these responders are dancing around the true answer. Americans like pickups because they are badass. 




 Bro don't you talk shit about Jesus. I saw him bench 350 the other day he will fuck you up. 




 awww two little shits kissing in a parking lot. reminds me of highschool 




 Professional shitty pet psychologist here: Your explanation is plausible but it's far more likely that this is the cats way of saying "Fuck you mom I do what I want." 




 because a muscular scotty dog is hilarious? looks a bit like teddy roosevelt 




 Professional shitty historian here: Lafayette's original ship was actually named after the character Hermione from J.K. Rowling's popular Harry Potter series. you sir... just got schooled. 




 OP SHOW US YOUR CAR GOD DAMMIT 




 close but scientifically speaking a cat is actually a non-newtonian substance. a liquid suspended in a matrix such that at rest it behaves like a fluid but under stress it behaves like a solid. on your marks. get set. science 




 nqphan2 is like Lucy pulling the football away after what should have been an easy setup. fucking Lucy 




 I'm drunk and a manchild so my opinion is probably irrelevant but I liked  this a lot. 




 oh my god when she beat will smiths lap time in the reasonably priced car was when I fell in love with her. 




 it's big enough that you could probably throw a couple tang in there. they don't need much space and they make great CUC 




 I want to tunnel into it and sleep there 




 it looks like one of those cool rocks that has been in a river for like 200 years and now it's smooth and perfect 




 don't try to understand hipsters 




 not a clue. I didn't click any of them actually 




 dude it is 140 years old I would think it would lose some accuracy in that time 




 Elmhurst 




 fine I updated the original comment. are you happy Reddit 




 makes sense to me. I resubmitted it as a single image. thanks 




 you just proved my point. look at that list of synonyms. it can mean something as innocuous as "weird" 




 http://imgur.com/a/AwaHo 









 oops. dammit 









 creepy is not synonymous with scary. the way she moves has an uncanny valley effect and it is kind of creepy imo

edit: *necessarily* synonymous* 




 how many hours of planning did that take I wonder. and it even hits the target 









 9000 acres of land or ONE lamborghini veneno. seriously what the fuck. 




 ouch my wallet hurts 




 to my pearly jawfish. What the hell happened to you? I pulled up all the rocks and searched every crevice in the carpet and not a trace. I like to imagine he eloped with a babe he met on the internet. 




 I GET THIS REFERENCE. guys I got this one. did you see? 




 Anthony bourdain (bordaine? bordain?) did a special on Copenhagen in Parts Unknown. one of the most unique food specials I have ever seen!!
 




 /r/iamverysmart

let me guess... PhD in philosophy 




 I want to see a gif of her being fed. oh OH and put a little underwater top hat on her! 
























 You could have a separate LaFerrari for each day of the week with that kind of cash. Assuming Ferrari would allow it. 




 This is why I always poo before driving. Takes about 4 seconds off my sprint time and adds about 20mpgs. On your marks, get set, science. 




 You might like this [v12 Fiat 500](https://youtu.be/GH2uwjk3fqM). If you look at related videos you can find the build process. I couldn't help but chuckle at the popup spoiler. 




 Because the two people trying to convince everyone that this is a ripoff are doing so based on an imgur link and refusing to provide a link to the original artists webpage. 




 He is a modern day Franz Liszt. Taking it to 11 and beyond. I bet all the bitches be swooning over his intellect. 




 If you look close you can see soft tissue. Little tentacles. Definitely still alive I'd say. 




 A bivalve! My roommate had one in his tank back when it was FOWLR. He was so proud of it. It was surprisingly active always moving to a new spot every couple days. 




 Gives new meaning to the phrase "Happy as a pig in a Tupperware thing of water" 




 Looks like its straight out of Hotrod or Napoleon Dynamite 




 Woah woah just because she has feathers on her head you assume she meant native american? As someone who is easily offended, I am offended. 




 HEY GUYS WE GOT A PEDO OVER HERE 




 Side hustle: president of mars 




 I was half expecting it to just come exploding out of the newspaper 




 You can tell just from the style that it isn't going to be funny 




 A minute thirty of my life for 2 mini revs. 




 Everyone was thinking it but its not socially acceptable to say 




 I like how the bmer (and that poorly timed white truck) is the only thing in the entire photo that's in focus. 




 Its all like (o_o  ) 




 That black bottom panel accents its hips so well 









 Oh I thought your mother produced you by binary fission. 




 Ambien. Probably more than once 




 He can talk to animals. I hear he sips Stella with silverbacks when he's bored 




 Those prefreckles tho 




 I don't know why but I absolutely love that pointy little ducktail on the huracans butt 




 (  _) 




 My name is Ra. Can confirm I wouldn't reincarnate those fucks. 




 Its too small for 1 let alone 2. 




 Cats just don't appreciate awd 




 [Pacuman?](http://i.imgur.com/2D6xUuU.gif) 




 One theory says it was sort of like a university. Maybe they just didn't need it anymore 




 [Probably this](http://imgur.com/DXRdukO) 




 I can't count that high but I agree 




 Was this like 2 days ago? I had an early exam in the burbs and the fog was absolutely bananas. 




 The money funds ecological and anti-poaching programs too. Or at least thats what they say. 




 I love fish's dopey faces. None compare to a good ol fashioned lawnmower blenny though. 




 Thats only true if the car is completely submerged. I can't tell of the front window was open but if it was, the pressure would equalize and you'd be able to open the back door.  




 Id remove the blue background ASAP but I like this! Its weirdly charming. Especially if it had some tiny shrimp  




 I spotted a pretty rare Porsche the other day (Chicago) and some German guy was like oh yeah everyone's bringing those out now that its warming up. But now the tables have turned. 




 I thought so too but I've never seen one that color and without the big front eyes 




 He was holding his front legs up like antennae. Brown body with white hairs so he looked matte white 









 I consider myself a connoisseur of quisine so maybe I can help you out. The first is shrimp eggs. The second is some kind of blackened fish? The third is ummm... a brown... loaf. Yes, a brown loaf with green stuff on it. And the fourth is a bunch of vegetables in like a broth or something. 




 Hydroids 




 I actually posted this here earlier and it got downvoted. I'm glad it ended up here regardless because IMO its gold 




 Hey i totally agree. anyone with artistic skills can do realism from a reference photo. It takes creativity and originality to do design without being cliche. I actually like those a lot. 









 You have a cool life 




 A tin of shisha, hopefully 




 Jewel has handles of vodka for $11. FULL HANDLES. For a chronically stressed, almost broke medical student this is a dream come true. 




 Once you get the hang of it they're actually really precise. I used to use mine to bother my dog. Used to. 




 There are a couple other creepy ones on my [website](http://www.studioralu.com) if that's what you're into 









 (    ) 




 Check out my site [site](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post pictures of dogs dressed up like humans on my [Facebook](https://m.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114)! Thanks for looking! 




 Check out my site [site](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post pictures of dogs dressed up like humans on my [Facebook](https://m.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114)! Thanks for looking! 




 Bro, dont even. I don't even have kids and I already love them 




 Check out my site [site](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post pictures of dogs dressed up like humans on my [Facebook](https://m.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114)! Thanks for looking! 




 Check out my site [site](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post pictures of dogs dressed up like humans on my [Facebook](https://m.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114)! Thanks for looking! 
























 I'd take my kids the fuck to school in that. I like it a lot. 




 I caught one disappearing around the corner in the garage I park in when I go to the city. Not sure if it was a 6 or an 8 but that thing sounds like a choir of snarling cat-angels. Almost brought tears to my eyes. 




 I'm a brofessor. I drink beers and pretend I know what im talking about 




 That exhaust. I bet it sounds mean 




 I saw your post in r/new and thought I was going crazy for a minute 




 Yeah Da Vinci was a no good lousy imitator too. All he did was copy Mona Lisa's face with oil paints.  




 Warp me in dude its miserable here in Chicago today. 









 Actually I'm pretty sure its called an "and thingy" 




 That is disturbing, Kate. I wonder what the science behind it is 




 reliable minotaur

My friend hired a minotaur without bothering to check its references first. Within a week, a burglar broke in and stole his adamantine tunic. Was a family heirloom too. Do your homework folks. 




 Seen one in my Chicagoland neighborhood. Black with gold calipers ( o  o ) 




 Try an osteopath for musculoskeletal stuff. Their practice revolves around it. 




 Bro I appreciate this joke twice as much as you and that's when I'm not even trying. 




 I'd eat so many m ms with that bad boy. Not even because I'm hungry but just because its cool. 




 Friends, i fear OP is kill. 




 A 




 Everything is a penis if you look with your heart 




 Yesss I'm 20 min from bolingbrook! I'm gonna go find a car I like and tell strangers that I own it. 




 [Are you *salty* about it?](http://i.imgur.com/LSxJe.png) 




 Not to mention those incomparable interiors ( o . o ) 




 Do you not realize that YOURE a shitty enthusiast? There is nothing wrong with driving a Camry or a corolla. They're sensibly priced and fairly reliable.  




 True that. My first car was a shitty 95 integra and my second was a pretty nice 2005 TL. The integra was a blast because I always felt like I could die at any minute. The TL was a bit boring in comparison. 




 Looks like its past someone's bedtime 




 Having a car that you think looks like crap is awesome. You can park anywhere you want, drive carefree, and leave it on the street without worrying about teenagers fucking with it. I miss my beat up 95 integra sometimes. 




 Constricted 




 How dare you post Stlenhag without personally alerting me. You knew he was my favorite. 




 If this car is legal then why are the boner police arresting me just for looking at it? 




 Yeah the blue squiggles one was weirdly satisfying. OP should title it "toothpaste thingies" 




 That goddamn sacrotuberous ligament 




 Also interesting: your fingers have no muscle in them. Flexors and extensors are all the way in the forearm and side-to-side-ers are in the hand. 




 Dissecting the hand and foot was a pain in the ass but not as big a pain in the ass as dissecting the ass. 




 dad you're drunk 




 If I was in a room with Adam Levine, Hitler and Satan and I had a gun with 2 bullets I'd shoot Adam Levine twice 




 He's going through and rating everyone less than a 5 and getting downvotes every time 




 Inspired by True Detective 




 $20 and my firstborn 




 Probably woahdude or imaginarymonsters 




 Absolutely! Check out my website at www.train_subject6359.com. all my work + email address is on there 




 He is awesome. I wish I could afford oils and just blatantly rip off some of his haha 




 Shopped. I can tell by the pixels. Right guys? 




 OP neglected to include a picture of him creating the universe. /r/karmaconspiracy 




 hey! I don't have a gallery. im in school so I don't have the time or money to really set anything up. glad you like it though :) 




 it's a joke 




 I had one, also last night, that a rat was trying to burrow into my stomach and as hard as I tried I couldn't get away. Shit hurt so bad. Now you know where your bred rats are going. 









 I clicked it and then switched tabs and at first an Oreos jingle came on and I was like "what the hell is wrong with this guy." But you're right the music does go pretty well! 




 ahahah i love it! 




 Please check out my [website](http://www.train_subject6359.com) or post funny pictures on my [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114?fref=nf)! Thanks for looking. 
























 Um no sir that is a rabbit. Sir... 




 Its for defrosting the restless souls of the damned probably. Might as well just harvest them fresh though so they don't have that weird freezer taste. 




 Nah dude it was probably just Jimmy Fallon doing an impression of Bigfoot impersonating a bear. Classic Jimmy. 




 Slartibartfast has outdone himself this time. 




 Wait so dragons' veins aren't actually that color? 




 Tulips are too cold. 




 Oh yeah well my dog is an honors student.  Even brag about it on my bumper sticker 




 As if it didn't look awesome enough in photos. I was next to one yesterday in white and it is absolutely stunning in real life. 




 Its pronounced "MOOLtipass" 




 My old boxer used to creep into the room, grab a sock and sprint off into the sunset with it. One time she was running round with 2 dollars in her mouth and nobody knew where shed taken it from. 




 Feeding bells will ring

Dingalingaling dingalingaling

And we'll give him some krill-ahh 




 I've been to reefs in 5 different countries and spent a week in a compound in Belize surveying one. And if I wasn't going into medicine I might have done marine biology. As for captive raising, eels are sedentary and the only reason they will even leave their burrow is to hunt so if the eel is placed in a tank with sufficient burrowing space and fed properly then it is irrelevant whether the burrow is in a tank or in the ocean or on the moon because it will not leave. I'm going to quit arguing here though because I know you're just going to keep nitpicking. 




 Please don't tell my dad. I don't want to get the belt again 




 I can't tell if you're trolling but he was captive bred and moved to a 500 gallon tank when he got too big. Keeping a saltwater aquarium isn't like keeping a hamster. It costs easily thousands and is an enormous time commitment and the people who are dedicated enough to get into it have actually contributed hugely to our understanding and awareness of coral reefs so maybe next time do your research before spouting bullshit about "horrible industry" and accusing people of not knowing what they are doing when you're the one who clearly has no idea what you're talking about. 




 Saw him at the pet store and told the guy "I need this" 




 I had a moray eel that I had to give up because he was way too big. He seemed thrilled with his new home which was 25 times bigger. I always wonder how he's doing since those guys live for like 40 years 




 It looks like one of those cheap airbrushings you get at like sea world. So cool on an actual animal though 




 I always wish I didn't have a warranty do that I could do stuff to it without feeling bad but then I remember I'm broke. 




 I've never seen a street car that could make army green look good until I saw a c7 do it. Its like blake lively. You could throw a clown suit on it and it'd still make my heart flutter. 




 They are messy as hell and lose their minds if the tank is too small. I'd have 1 in there tops 




 When you think a 2015 stingray is ugly your opinion is wrong. 




 You should read "Footsteps" by /u/1000Vultures 




 I believe I've found my calling 




 I'm glad to hear that. I personally groaned at my own joke ;) 




 You ain't no snowflake, pal. 




 I love the guys laugh at the end too. AHH HAH. OH HAH. HUH. UHHUH. HAH. WOHHHAH. WOO! 




 you sound le rad 




 Easier and more environmentally friendly to just harvest my beer and Mexican food shits and use that instead 




 Do you mean Jon snuhh? 




 You betta put a lid in there so it doesn't happen again

 (    ) 




 ^ literally this 




 you literally just read my mind. 




 Squirrel cat? 




 DAE le girlfriend? 




 More specifically, an amphipod eating all the crap in your tank is good because it prevents bacteria from getting at it and turning it into ammonia. Anything that slows down the decay process is good. 




 The water looks very cloudy. Either your filter is too high above the tank and its producing too many microbubbles or your phosphates or nitrates are off. The odds of a hitchhiker killing fish are almost 0 unless you get very unlucky and have tiny fish. 




 You're uh... You're beautiful... 




 Can you see Texas from your high horse? 




 I think the term you're looking for is "trashy" 




 I've tried this. The police tend not to believe it. 




 By my mother's mandible, I WILL WALK IT OFF 




 I'm just tall enough that if I crank my seat as high as it goes I can lean my arm out. I agree though its a poor trend. 




 I tried to wet fold a rabbit. That shit was hard man if you use too little water it crinkles and of you use took much it just kind of melts 




 Quality control? If you outsource something as important as the motor and your manufacture starts cutting corners, especially with cutting edge tech like this, you're going to fuck yourself over. If one car catches fire you will never hear the end of it. 




 Even YOU could be a buttplug! 




 I can physically hear that music in my head 




 *sighhh*. I GUESS I'll settle for a diablo. 




 So cool! I love how blobby they are. 




 Tutu 




 I don't like this new squinty look. Its OK for the dart but on a muscle car *cough* charger *cough* I really do not like it at all :( 




 Its a superveloce AND its Illini colors? This boner is going straight to the moon. 




 Make that 98,61*6* 




 If these literally grow on the ground then why am I still using a 6 year old athlon 2 in my pc 




 Nah man she's just wearing a really small softball mitt 




 As someone who has spent 24 years and counting in order to become a proper physician, this shit makes me physically ill. 




 I dunno man. Judging by its thick fur and adorable floppy ears I'd say this kind of rabbit runs wild in the fields of my heart. 




 Well maybe you should be more on top of things. God. 




 What medium? Digital? Acrylic? 




 Then how did we get the video huh? How? HOW? 




 Lickitung sushi game was the best 




 I GET THIS JOKE. 




 Self contained, infinitely powered  platforms capable of stable hover even with the added weight of a person or anthropomorphized man-sized animal? Let's build a bunch of them and have them pointlessly go up and down in the middle of nowhere.

On your marks, get set, science. 




 Dad what's a fuckass? 




 What? No. Vance joy doesn't suck and neither do the Virgins 




 IS THIS FROM HOTROD?? I like you 




 Did he commission you for it? 




 I think I'm gonna go have a shower beer right now. And by beer I mean whiskey. 




 REPOOOO- oh he credited the artist. We need more people like you. 




 Looks a bit like one in the thumbnail but there's no mistaking those feline headlights 




 I tried and couldn't do it. They added all this annoying shit in HotS that makes it way too hard if you're as terrible as I am at micro :p 




 I mean it IS a genetic mutation but there's no evidence to support it being inhumane. I'm curious why they call them lionheads actually 




 Definitely Oscar 




 Student doctor here. Rainbow poops? Diagnosis: unicorn. 




 Fuck all of you. I like the panamera 




 Something looks off about it. Like its a kit 




 Two clutches in 4.5 years? You must have been driving it right! 




 Is that a fat patty or a tiny hamburger 




 Diagnosis: highschooler 




 I like how they throw "army veteran" in there to pander for your sympathy right from the start. Bad form. 




 He probably just chilled all night and some diatoms or something grew there and then when the lights came on he moved and they came off 




 Meme hard or meme home I always say 




 Semirelated but that insufferable douchebag in the YouTube ads telling me that he has a Lamborghini but he prefers his books... Every time they made me sit through that I'd just close the window and not even watch the video. 




 That accent too 




 Making a good old fashioned stick even harder to find :( 




 Not true Im 6 foot 185 and I eat fast food almost every day. In the past 2 days I went to McDonald's and Panera twice and chic Fil a once. It's the 2 hour gym sessions that do it. 




 A narruh hyurethra? 




 So can tuggin at the ol' weiner 




 Or the blackness of the void mine left behind (_) 




 Its understandable. He needed the extra money to build his hideous superyacht. 




 Even if it worked wouldn't you just end up with reverse coffee? Why not just make tea 




 Gr8 alliter8ion m8 I r8 it 8/8 




 Someone explain to me how this is possible. They are so shiny and perfect. 




 Ask them questions about filter feeding. A skate punching wouldn't know how to answer. 




 Oh yeah well... the jerk store called. They ran out of YOU. 




 This is like a lame pun thread in post form 




 A clam cupping a human boob is like a human cupping a clam boob. Do you want to cup a clam boob for the rest of your life? Well? DO YOU? 




 Thanks man. Good luck in undergrad. Don't get anyone pregnant 




 So what you're saying is we need to invent rechargeable cheez its and power our drones with those. 




 Worse, med school. I'm like you but even poorer and more sleep deprived. 




 I can be powered for an entire day on nothing but cheez its. You'd think a tiny drone could last more than 20 min 




 So true. A guy once posted 2 clowns in a pico on here and was found murdered the next day. True story. 




 I like when people with names like BootyFista say intelligent things. 




 I want an awd 70s trans am with liften suspension and off road tires personally. Smoke grey with white racing stripes and red leather interior 




 DAE internet? 




 Ahhhhh I just figured out why all of my pictures come out pitch black. You are a godsend. 




 I thought it was a theater art piece 




 Red marble was still a little hungover from the night before. Poor form. He deserved the loss. 




 I thought this was already the dubstep version 




 I honestly have no idea :p congrats though! 




 Motherload. Go buy some lotto tickets 




 I want 3D doritos back. 




 I have to disagree. I've owned a boxer and a boston who both "smile" when they're anxious as well as when they're happy. Really any sense of heightened emotion results in their lips pulling back. 
























 -Ramsay Snow 




 you should hear some of the jokes med students make in cadaver lab 




 Best episode (well, 2 part episode) in the series. STAYIN ALIVE! STAYIN ALIVE! AH. AH. AH. AH. 









 Wait wait wait. What kind of hat because if its the "foxy grandpa" then sign me up. 




 If I were you I would sell my house before selling that beautiful car. Please do not sell the car. I want to cry just thinking about it. 




 The fact that popcorn kernel husks fit perfectly between your tooth and gum is almost undeniable proof that Satan exists. 




 My dog is the same. Shell pretend to be looking at something in the distance and then out of fucking nowhere shell go in for the ninja face lick that sneaky bitch. 




 This is awesome and gross at the same time. I cringed so hard but part of me liked it. 




 I'm glad one person on here can appreciate the Germans without whining about the check engine light. 




 That's hilarious and all but don't go making jokes like that in the real world you sick fuck. 




 We got a holiday from school because of it 




 That snail though. So majestic. So triumphant. 




 Storytime. Some douche in an admittedly awesome supercharged mustang was driving around Chicago revving his engine and cutting people off and stuff so our cab driver in his Sorrento revved his engine at the stop light and then when it turned green floored it into the parking lane and overtook the mustang. The mustang guy was so pissed he parked outside the bar we were at and waited for at least 20 minutes. It was awesome. 




 We had a gas mask bong that we used to smoke in the dorms. We were not the smartest. 




 That's for space pirates dude use your common sense. 




 But wouldn't it be badass to be a lone ranger doomed to wander the moon forever? Wed sit around campfires telling stories about him and wed tell our children "don't you dare masturbate because the moon ranger is watching." 




 I had to medicate my reef tank for flatworms so I know this feel. Fucking nightmare. 




 I'm impressed that you found a way to weasel a pun in here. 




 In America, your comment would probably get downvotes because we like to compare things to ourselves and we don't like being called out on stuff. 




 Fuck your stereotypes. I happen to be an Asian Indian AND an alcoholic. 




 Why would you shoot at your own M3? 




 Except I can't help but look at the lower grill and see a scumbag goatee 




 It was a joke man 




 Wait what? I was agreeing with you. 




 Leave them how they are, let it cycle, go buy a bunch of corals, and then arrange the rocks once you have the corals in there. No way to tell what the best scape is unless you know how the corals will fit in. 




 The Stang's hood alone qualifies it as a muscle car. 




 This guy is a repost bot. Please don't upvote this. 




 This guy is a repost bot. Please don't upvote this. 




 Um no. They say "A POP POP POP POP POP PAPOW" 




 Yeah man their overalls look like bearded mouths. I clicked the link, promptly forgot the title, and was thinking "who the fuck are these supposed to look like" until I noticed the label. 




 [Me too](http://i.imgur.com/YUkTqE6.jpg) 




 I don't think I've ever painted anything with fewer than 2 drinks in me. 




 this is genius. 




 I've never even seen an Aventador. Need to go to more car events. 




 Must be awesome to have skills like that although maybe choose a different phrasing than "blew a tranny" :p 




 That carbon fiber is mesmerizing 




 Pullout game weak 




 Or if she can't tell when its in 




 A man comes and kicks you in the head until the lens falls out and is destroyed. You got lucky that time 




 Seeing as he's driving a front engine, front wheel drive v6 thats modded to look like a rear engine rear wheel drive v12, I think you're right. 




 Also I hope your username is referencing glasses jack shirt man 




 Fuck you youre not even my real mom. 




 So that's how he got those scars. 




 His expression says "Fuck this. Fuck you. Fuck everything." 




 Don't lie man. We all know you actually snapped your finger in half for that sweet sweet karma. Its ok 




 People who hate fun probably 




 Haha I will have to write this down so that I can remember it, as I am a man. 




 There's only one cure a for a bad party: beer bongs. 




 I heard he once killed a man for just LOOKIN at him. But he's right  




 If you're gonna use filters with cartridges, its better to get two small ones instead of one big one. That way you can change the media in one of them and the other one will still have all the beneficial bacteria and algae in it to support the tank until the changed one populates. At least, that's my logic 




 They said I could be whatever I wanted 




 Well this is actually an area of controversy among scientists at the moment but according to a pretty reputable study done by the new england journal of medicine, it's only gay if your balls touch. 




 That curb is too small for a goldfish. People please educate yourself before committing like this. 




 That sounds like a subreddit for butt stuff and whipped cream 




 Sorry to be that guy but is it because lawyers are dicks? 




 That was my point. Knock those bad boys out all at once. Now you're playing smart instead of playing hard. 




 At the same time 




 That house's qi is off the fucking charts bro. Off the fucking charts. 




 a slick purple Lamborghini

:| 




 It would be a lot cooler if it had a v12 in the back and was a Lamborghini murcielago 




 I dunno man i think she hit her peak on the cover of "let go"  




 Stift 




 Is this supposed to be a gif? I don't understand this at all. 




 I think you mean ski resorts in general. 




 Showin off those hairy legs 




 Is your home the street by any chance? 




 topless too? Better mark this NSFW 




 I once did an experiment keeping hippo tangs both in and out of water. All the ones out of the water died. All the ones in the water died too. Results were inconclusive. 




 Well if you wanted honesty thats all you had to saaaay 




 Gallowboob is pretty active in his psbattle posts. Definitely a real person. 




 The only reason they are unsafe as far as i know is because they bulldoze frags and knock everything over. He's probably small enough to keep for now 




 Its a default sub and its gallowboob karmawhoring. It never had a chance. 




 you really need a sump on that bucket 




 Classic Hunter Beckham 




 I personally wouldnt keep a percula in anything less than 30 and an ocellaris in anything less than 20. Not sure about the other species. 




 Yeah but another advantage of the fine tip is they last forever 




 Did you at least eat it? 




 Pilot G2 0.38s are my shit. The ink is opaque and really dark but it is 100% predictable and with the fine tip you can get really fine cross hatches 




 Oh my god this CD. There was also that one about misty being in love with ash 




 My undergrad is apparently building a car vending machine where an elevator takes your car and parks it for you. Shits already a reality man. 




 Your comment makes me want to go play arid heights and jus tturn the entire park into one giant tangled rollercoaster. I wonder if there was a length limit in that game. 




 Classic Oprah 




 OP your link is busted. Its taking me to a black and white image of a girl that my mind has refused to believe is not a photograph. 




 Good lord. She is probably older than my sister. I bet other dogs travel for miles to seek her wisdom. 




 The way you present your opinions makes people dislike you even if they would have originally agreed with you. 




 Don't you dare touch Blair Witch. 




 Your dick 




 I'd grind on those hips. I'd grind on em so hard.

Wish the girl would get out of the way so I could see them. 




 I want to blast a bunch of fire through it 




 Its creepy in a different way because the owl was making aggressive sexual remarks to OP while he was trying to wash his hands. 




 I personally like to huddle by the outlet with my phone and make audible growling noises at people who get too close. 




 Ah... 




 I actually like it a lot but Id never get one unless they upped the hp 




 If you don't like it you can GIT OUT 




 So people with low IQs should not be allowed to have sex because a couple of "normal" people have deemed them "unable to consent." Got it. 




 They'll all be smashed. I see 21 dog beers on that table 




 On your marks, get set, science! 




 Make sure you bring moisturizer. Hell is hell on your complexion. 




 I don't understand why the other one reacted that way. How did she know what happened? 




 Turns out OP had a stroke not too long ago and his bladder problems are actually from brain damage unrelated to the urchin butt. 




 You will either love it or hate it. Imagine soft cream cheese that tastes like the ocean. I think its good in a weird way. 




 Dennis really ties that show together 




 Dennis really ties that show together 




 What if you found [rotten wood](http://i.imgur.com/l5OIL3C.jpg) and used that? You could saw it into discs and then pry apart the layers by hand, pour in the opal resin, and dip the whole thing in resin 









 He's just a shitty kid. I don't think i know a single person who would be that whiney about it. 




 An apple is a type of cucumber 




 If you use RODI and run a skimmer and some chaeto in your sump, your gonis and acros will be fraggable in no time. 




 I disagree actually. It goes with his orderly disordered style.  




 Keep your eyes peeled next time youre at target or *shudder* Urban Outfitters 




 Can I blatantly repost this in 2 months and tell everyone that I made it? Awesome work man the black and white mountain goats are chilling on my lock screen right now. 
























