 Mmmbop - Hanson 




 You're not really from London, are you? 




 [This music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQnNH7I07RY) 




 My tutor told us about a student that got caught plagiarising in her dissertation and in the plagiarism hearing yelled "I paid 300 for that - I should at least get a 2:1". 

She did not get a 2:1. 














 I'm going to have the music stuck in my head for the rest of the day now 




 People who declare some cool new tech will never work because of some political or cultural quirk that is unique to the US - there are other places in the world! 




 If something bad happens to me, it is likely to in some way be my fault 









 It always surprises me that this annoys people so much - it just seems like the polite thing to do.  
































































 It is, although mainly because you can't forget to take it. I have one and it is really great, although a bit weird to feel in your arm 




 The article says "will be" - I assume they wrote this from a press release put out ahead of the presentation  




















































































 [Link to the NPR interview](http://hereandnow.wbur.org/2014/08/14/nasa-future-bolden) in case anyone is interested 




 Planetary Resources is [actually hiring](http://www.planetaryresources.com/careers/). 












































 Please update us after - interested in seeing how this plays out! 



















 The cynic in me wonders if part of it is that robots don't need tips, which I can see being highly popular with some customers. 
Plus, novelty value - any hotel staffed by robots is going to attract a lot of interest! 



















 Typical! Thanks for the heads up, I will take this down 




 Not anymore - Siri no longer recommends locations, possibly because of this case 




 Wouldn't developing food solutions for space will benefit other missions too? What about when we want to take a journey that is a lot longer than 50 years? Or if we want to develop some form of colony or base? 
Surely it would be better to be able to create new food? 




 Ah I see! Thanks for the explanation 




 Apologies if I am misunderstanding, but surely the food wouldn't survive in that growing environment?  




 How exactly would that help anything? 




 What made you decide to make the transition from computer scientist to futurist, and how did you go about it? 




 Ten years from now, how different do you expect our daily lives to be from today? 




 Probably because old people would go on mad spending binges before they died, rendering the whole exercise pointless. 
 




 You'd probably feel differently if you or your friends or family were the ones infected 




 I wish we'd had this class when I was in school 




 Are you addressing this to me? Or in general?  
I shared the article because I thought it was an interesting perspective rather than disliking religion's role.
I suspect that religion will recede due to people's lack of need for it, but I don't have a dislike of it in this context 




 At least he hasn't started blaming the Illuminati. 




 I'm not so sure - for very large items (for example wind turbines) I can see the benefit, and I do wonder why companies would still be pursuing this if there was no benefit to it at all. 
I hope we see a time when airships are used (plus they'd remind me of the Twains from Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter's Long Earth series!) 




 I would argue that living longer lives isn't a true endgoal because it doesn't have a defined target - once we all feel like 50 when we're 100 we'll only be looking to the next horizon.  




 I'm not sure myself - does anyone know about this? Although obviously there are a lot of landlocked areas where shipping won't be much help. 




 It's the title of the article - not my title 




 They have the machines to buy tickets by a lot of the bus stops on the route too 




 Interesting to see that [BT is blocking Reddit](https://www.blocked.org.uk/results?url=http://www.reddit.com) 




 Why would higher speeds not be possible with a hanging rail design?  




 This is a fascinating story, and a pretty good insight into the practices of early archaeologists - amazing this stuff wasn't found earlier! 




 No one game - just the fact that every game previewed looked awesome, even the (very few) that wouldn't normally be my thing. I'd been thinking about if for a long time, but that was when I realised I had to go for it.  




 Thank you for doing the AMA.

What do you think the state of privacy and freedom of information will be a decade from now? Do you think Wikileaks will have an impact on future policy in this area? 




 Being immune to pathogens and diseases doesn't automatically make you physically attractive - unless there is some element of this that I have missed? 




 Not if they were a complete dick 




 I quite agree - I didn't mean that it was a reason not to do this, just that achieving 'perfect' babies was a different thing to making them healthy. I think its an excellent idea, and I hope it becomes a reality as quickly as the article says.  




 Is there not a difference between 'perfect' and not carrying a disease? I took it to mean aesthetic features such as hair/eye colour etc. 




 Here in the UK courses like these are starting to popup for various industries, mainly in tech. From what I hear they are doing a far better job of preparing people for employment than traditional degrees.  




 As a general rule, if an article leads with a question the answer will be no. 




 What about the cost argument? Meat could get too expensive to eat on a daily basis - would you consider bugs then? 




 These guys seem to have quite a selection: http://www.thailandunique.com/ I haven't used them myself but I've tried the candy they carry before and was quite impressed. 




 The two aren't mutually exclusive, surely? 




 You just blew my mind.  




 Really can't decide if this would be a good thing or not - it might make football a bit sterile. What do people think? 




 Fair point, although I live in London and given house prices here are approaching a million quid for anything larger than a shoebox in a lot of boroughs I might end up being in the position where space-saving furniture was a still better option financially 




 What about being able to quickly rearrange the room for exercise or a party and then putting it back just by pressing a button? I live in a small flat and this would be a big plus for me 




 perhaps we could even have a robot robo chair technician? 




 It's called a joke. And you might want to calm down before you pop an artery. 
To return to the intellectual side of this, yes I know the sun does it, but I was referring to human-made technology. It's never been achieved by humans, and given that we can't just recreate the sun there is no way yet to be certain it will definitely be achieved, particularly if it gets superseded by another technology that is cheaper to create.  




 Others may be able to shed more light on this, but I believe in US business this is known as a Chinese Wall, where information is prevented from moving between parts of the business to prevent conflicts of interest. I gather it is very common among big businesses, although how normal it is outside of the US I don't know.  




 Methinks you may have misunderstood my point. Keep working on that intellectual insight, sweetheart. 




 What exactly is a grey ceiling tile supposed to contribute to this discussion? 




 You're putting a lot of faith in a technology that has never actually generated more energy than it takes to run it 




 a projection is not the same as a projector. 




 Yeah my bad - missed this when it was first announced 




 I don't know, they seem to have a lot more information on their website than classic vapourware  




 This is the shortlist (from the last paragraph of the article): Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Hong Kong, Maldives, Montenegro, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Norfolk Islands, Palau, Panama, Senegal, Sierre Leone, Singapore, Suriname and Vanuatu 




 Thanks for doing the AMA guys, very much appreciated. 

My question is, do you see humanity going extinct in the future? If so when and from what cause? 




 I agree - I heard a rumour they were going into wearable tech, and I cannot see that ending well 




 My additions to that would be:

1. Make sure people know you've released a new console, not just a new controller
2. Release more games 




 Judging by the stage the tech mentioned in the article is at, we're likely to be looking at 5 years minimum 




 Beyond Good and Evil (gamecube, HD version for PS3) uses a camera heavily for gameplay, although you are mainly photographing animals/revolutionary occurrences - it makes for a pretty awesome gameplay mechanic :) 




 Might be partly to do with the UK bank holiday - I didn't realise this was already out 




 Report came out today 




 I want your brother's job! 




 I think it depends on the size of the community there and what kinds of policies you are talking about - outside organizations and earth-based politicians are only going to affect some issues, so even if they are technically in control, a lot of issues are still going to be decided internally.  




 My pleasure! There's something so cool about old maps 




 Interesting technology - if this got going I think there might be an initial tree loss but I guess we'd see more being planted as the technology became commercialised 




 mmm tasty 




 Would they not be flying quite a bit lower than commercial jets? I have to admit I'm no expert on airspace, but I assume that if they are able to land on buildings they will be a long way off the airspace jets will be in 




 What makes you so sure? 




 I wouldn't regard an obese person to be inherently unhealthy, only if they were sick or their size appeared to be affecting their health (eg their breathing). When my SO has no symptoms I would regard him to be healthier than an obese person, but not so much when he is sick 




 Medical treatments with stem cells - it will have a radical impact on the way diseases etc are treated 




 They're good in smoothies 




 Looks like a video game mirror 




 Invasive surgery 




 Yeah exactly that - when he has no symptoms he seems as healthy as the next person despite having a chronic condition 




 I'm sure there is a more precise medical definition, but I would consider people with disabilities to be healthy on the basis that they are not suffering from something that is affecting their immune system.
Similarly, my SO has crohn's disease, which is a chronic autoimmune disease, but I consider him healthy when he has no symptoms. 




 I agree! Some people I know who say its rubbish haven't even used it. 




 Might be time to invest in a USB extension cable 




 Salt, pepper and a decent range of herbs and spices - helps improve cheap food no end!  




 Fair point. 




 Mine actually sticks out of my bag (although I do have a small bag) when I take it to work. 
I think it could make much larger screens more portable, though, so that would be cool 




 That actually sounds pretty interesting too 




 Some very cool stuff here, but wouldn't all of this put farm workers out of business? 




 Personally I think the optical networks-on-chip for future multicore computer systems one would be the most interesting in terms of potential for cool findings and similar.
I was not clear on what the Vellum project was - could you please elaborate? 




 I have had the same experience, but I don't think it's on the same scale. So many people stuck with XP that they never got to 7 to then respond that way to it. 
I think a bigger part of it is that XP is what was out when many people finally got on board with the idea of computers - that OS is literally all they've known and all they are prepared to cope with. 
 




 I'd agree with this - my PS3 is a great Netflix machine and doesn't get the audio sync issues that I have with my PC.  




 I think getting more people online could have a really interesting effect on both the world and the internet. The internet does give you the tools to do an amazing amount - it really does make starting a business easier, so I could see it really benefiting people currently in poverty.

But it will be interesting to see what the impact will be on the internet - will the next mega internet company come from India? Will we see an increase in memes that derived from the pop culture of developing countries? Or will variation in internet speeds lead to region-specific ghettos online? 
























 Some feminists are sexist against males because they aren't good at empathy and fail to appreciate it from the other side. They also often spend a lot of time chatting to other feminists with similar views, which validates their own attitudes. There are blinkered people in every walk of life, unfortunately. 




 This. The institution of marriage is far older than christianity. 




 You could legitimately argue that many major magazines basically are for white people (eg womens magazines v rarely feature non-white people on the cover). 
Plus, if a magazine specifically identified itself as 'for white people', would enough people actually buy it? 




 Can you please give some examples? I'm struggling to think of what you mean 




 Thanks for sharing! That sounds amazing - good luck with it all :) 




 That's awesome, I've always wanted an airstream. Is it as a primary home, or as a holiday home? Do you think you'll kit it out with loads of high-tech bits and pieces, or are you planning to go more off grid? (Sorry for all the questions!) 




 Yeah not one I normally read, but I stumbled across this and it looked interesting  


































 I hope at least $1000 of that is to pay for sewing lessons  




 But it is pretty itchy 














 Do you by any chance mean the [Kingdom of Lovely](http://micronations.wikia.com/wiki/Kingdom_of_Lovely)?

It was founded by UK author Danny Wallace. 














 No, that's so they can find out who's visiting their site - virtually all modern sites use analytics, and they aren't all selling the info to advertisers. 
Plus, what exactly do you mean by "your tracking information"? You know individuals can't be identified by analytics programs, right? 




 Zarrow.co.uk specialises in this kind of work  






















































 The funniest example of this was one my boyfriend's mum did (she believes in that crap, despite my bf's repeated explanations of cold reading etc) - it was one done over Skype (who knew that was a thing!) and everything the 'psychic' woman said was way off, so she blamed it on the 'bad vibes' of the McDonalds my bf's mum was in.  




 Ah apologies, I missed that you weren't in the country. Good luck with it all! 









 I feel the same - it's insanely expensive and I'm really starting to consider moving out, but jobs in my field are thin on the ground outside of the city. I tend to escape to Bristol to see friends whenever it gets too much. 

I'd love for there to be some kind of solution to this, but I'm really struggling to think of anything. 









 If you can transform it into a real voice for the area it could be successful - my suggestion would be to get it going with regular posts and maybe try posting flyers around Ealing promoting it? Maybe try and launch discussions about any local issues and add pictures of any new features in the area for people to discuss. I'm close but not in your borough, but I will post anything I find that's relevant.  




 Thanks for sharing - I had no idea this had been preserved 




 I think that might be a bit of a pandora's box issue - Midlanders would probably decry not being given their own specific government and the old Cornwall independence campaign would refire. The UK has a huge number of regional identities - we could easily end up with as many states as the US if we really tried. 




 Very true - eureka-alert is just a science press release portal, so it's only as accurate as each university's pr writers  




 What about the rest of England?  












































 It really depends on the location and geology of the cliffs in question 














 Did you mean to post this in [/r/gaming](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming)? 




 I wonder at what point the pirates will decide to automate too 




 Why don't you think they'll be built on Earth? I myself think it will happen eventually, but this might be partly because I just think they're an awesome idea! 














 Very true! I just feel bad for the poor fools who get taken in and hand over their money for stuff like this 

















































 Yes, but those poorer are largely not paying UK prices 




 I didn't think it happened until I started working in an office in a touristy area of London. Some people seem to think the world is there to serve them. 

Mind you, it only ever happened with British tourists - everyone else has been nothing but polite and appreciative. 




 South Park are clearly going to do an episode on the fappening 




 Wait... there is a use for gold? 




 You stubbed your toe and your first reaction was to kick something? 




 I think I've missed something here - what has being an arts student got to do with it? 




 Yes! It seems crazy that the person I've been with for over five years gets the same title as in a teenage 'relationship' 





























 factor-tech.com also does a lot of futurology 





























 Space-only machinery is a very cool thought - it will be fascinating to see how it differs from Earth-designed stuff 














 Or screen them for awesomeness  




 Interesting story, thanks! 




 Would you mind telling us about it? I haven't heard that one. 





































































 A key part of that profit comes from not paying over and above for staff 




 This is a very common practice in large news organisations 




 Love that picture of him looking out of the window - he looks like he's surveying his kingdom! 




 There some decent online-only news sites, although any site that thinks 4chan is a person probably isn't in that group. 






















































 Almost every news article I have come across has focused on Jennifer Lawrence, but 101 people were affected, including a lot of other high-profile celebs. What's the deal? 


































 Yeah I suspect the publisher is the one setting the prices - a friend is currently writing a textbook for a major publisher and pricing decisions are made by them 




 Be honest with yourself and think carefully about how you could be better 




 Cider 




 First week-long break in over a year 




 Indeed - it was surprisingly good 




 Lots of dwarves and nearly being killed by a massive dragon 




 Utter silence as everyone stood browsing Reddit on their phones 




 I only studied history up to the age of 14, but it wasn't mentioned in any of our classes. We mainly studied the tudors and the industrial revolution. Quite honestly I suspect it is something that very few British people know much about.

That was more than a decade ago though - does anyone else have a more recent experience?  




 Sam Vimes likes cheap boots - they allow him to identify where he is in the city just by feeling the street through the thin soles 




 Got it for this reason. Can confirm it's worth it. 




 He is pretty awesome 
































































 I think there will certainly be a market for this (assuming it was possible - presumably these meats would be much harder to develop), but I expect it will always be a fraction of the main market - novelty and speciality food that people have at dinner parties or in hipster noodle bars, but not the sort of thing you'd eat at home during the day. 

But who knows, maybe there will be a food craze for synthetic dodo meat? It's a fascinating prospect.  
























 Mmm grain-fed skeletal muscle meat, my favourite. 














 Yeah I think familiarity is going to be pretty important if people are going to take to this as an acceptable solution. Just look at all the "ew I am never eating bugs" reactions each time an ento as food article gets published 




 Spot the foodie 





























 We're not talking about people not trying, we're talking about people who try and struggle anyway.  


































 I believe they will have to install new tracks for the maglev service - unless there's something someone who knows more about trains can add? 

















































 They posted an [update to their Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/37135808/loading-human/posts/975504) project a couple of weeks ago saying the game is due for late February and announcing the launch of their [new website](http://www.untoldgames.com/) so I wouldn't write them off just yet 







































 So what do you do when the quadcopters tranq everyone? Either they will wake up annoyed and get back to it, die from tranq-related injury or need to be detained by soldiers on the ground. It sounds incredibly impractical.

How about instead of marching in and educating these people we focus on understanding their culture, why some people feel this way and how we can help. They aren't animals that need to be herded. 

Technology - at least not the warfare kind - is not the answer.  




 The traditional perception that bonobos are all peace and love has been challenged by recent studies. It's a bit of an overplayed stereotype.

[Source](http://primatologie.revues.org/1090#tocto1n6) 




 I think that's an awesome idea! Pah squandering, they can make more for the important stuff 



















 It kind of seems like the US is going to fall behind a lot of the rest of the world with this drone stuff if they don't change their approach soon. 





































































 I mean in the sense that it's quite an impersonal choice of noun in the context 




 Female is also an acceptable, if slightly dehumanising, noun.  








































































































 [How Sephora Discovered That Lurkers Are Also Its "Superfans"](http://www.fastcolabs.com/3035236/how-sephora-discovered-that-lurkers-are-also-its-superfans) 
































































 The site also has links - they are on the right hand side  


































 Would you mind saying how old you are (assuming that is acceptable under Reddit's rules) - the impression I have is that the younger you are, the more ok you are with trading privacy for technology.

I generally agree with you - I really only worry about privacy when its on a local scale, ie people I know/live near knowing private info about me. On a goverment scale this info is used en-masse; its not about individuals, its about having data to optimise cities, maintain good healthcare and similar.  





























 This is such a classic example of considering a future technology only in today's terms - you seen remarkably certain that the technology for hardware upgrades will remain just as it is now, while everything else changes. I would suggest that such an assumption is the true hogwash here. 




 it would save on electricity if you only had to juice up your phone once a week  




 I guess if they build it on a route people actually use this time they might have a better chance of success!  




 I know! I would love them to remake all the assets into an open world game, but that's clearly never going to happen. Such a shame. 














 I found it really visually one-note - I really wish they had varied it more 




 Yup - the art director should be given a medal, but the gameplay is just awful.  




 It's sense of what is "right" is programmed in - how it interprets this in real-world scenarios is the interesting bit 









 Looks like we've found the guy OP was on a date with 




 While I agree with you, I think it does mean a lot of people read it who otherwise wouldn't have, and that has got to be a good thing. 




 Used to work in triage for an accident management company. Best one I ever heard was "I was driving down this narrow road and it kept getting narrower until the car was wedged on both sides" Why the guy didn't stop driving before that I will never know.   







































 I agree completely. I really wish those people would call themselves something else, because it completely taints feminism 

















































 There's a hell of a lot wrong with his study and the conclusions he draws - the fact that they were all instructed to play as violently as possible but the control group was bowling seems pretty suspect to me.   














 I'd love to know what people think of this - to me it just sounds like a blood infection waiting to happen 



















 I love that you both explained he was in the wrong place and answered his question! 


































 Might be worth dropping by /r/aquaponics and seeing what they recommend  




 Cost-wise, it really depends on where you are - the price of land is they key deciding factor in how much it will cost to grow food in natural sunlight. 
What kind of scale are you thinking about? Philips are leading the way in the tech for this sort of thing, so it might be worth [checking out their site](http://www.lighting.philips.com/main/application_areas/horticultural/cityfarming.wpd) for prices etc. 




 Yeah I never understand this desire - if you want them so much get empty frames, don't envy people who need to wear lenses to function! 




 Can confirm. Have a permanent, albeit mild, back injury from school trampoline classes.  

























































































 Ah I see! My apologies 




 Is this aimed at the article's author? Because I didn't write the article  









 Ok real talk time: some girls will be put off if you are shorter than them. But plenty won't, and there are plenty of girls in the world who are shorter than you. 

You will meet plenty of women in your life who are not remotely bothered about your height. I guarantee it.  




 Pick something you enjoy doing and dedicate as much free time as you can to mastering it. Read everything you can find on it and seek out tips to make yourself better. Take on small projects related to it, and share the results with relevant communities/subreddits and ask for feedback, then use that to improve.  




 Get yourself out there - start a blog, post your work to illustration sites and generally build a name for yourself. Find projects looking for illustrators and offer your services - all in all, build yourself a portfolio and make yourself someone people want to illustrate their stuff. 

Art school will help you improve your skills, but if you are already good you may find you can build a career without it. But if you don't put yourself out there and build a portfolio, school on its own won't be the answer. 




 Grades don't matter as much once you graduate from college - your grades reflect on your teachers so of course they are going to stress about it. Try not to let it bother you too much and focus on trying new things and working out what you want from life. 




 What you study will not define your future, only help you on the path towards it, so focus on picking something you will enjoy studying now and try out different types of work in your summers to help you figure out what you want to pursue later. 

You do not have to make a complete decision about what you want to do with your future now. There is always time for you to change your mind. 




 Get tested - at least then you will know. 




 Can you teach it to yourself using info online? 




 I'm sorry to sound like an old woman, but what is swag? 




 You can always finish your high school degree later. 

Is playing soccer what you want to do with your life? If so, you will probably regret it if you don't give it a shot.  




 I appreciate this is not technically legal, but can you torrent the software you need? There are no marks given for playing by the rules.

Once you get a good job with your degree your parents will most likely shut up - they probably don't understand enough about IT to understand what a potentially valuable degree you are doing.  




 Don't worry, just try out things that sound like they might suit you and use those experiences to help you think further about it - there is no deadline to deciding and nothing to stop you switching careers later if you decide what you're doing isn't for you. 

This notion that you have to pick now and be stuck with it is outdated at best - people will certainly ask you what you want to do, but there is nothing wrong with not having a simple answer. (If you listen to the folks at /r/futurology you stand a good chance of living to 200, so its not like you're short on time to decide!)  




 Try not to worry and just enjoy it - who knows? Maybe it will last - a friend long-distanced between different continents with a girl he met as a freshman and ended up marrying her. If it does end, you'll deal with it and the experience may even help you forge stronger future relationships. 

For now, though, make the most of it and enjoy the time you do get with them. 









 Go for it! I'm female and travelled solo for 6 months when I was 18/19. Stay sensible and you'll be fine! 




 What are your thoughts on 3D printed organs?  




 The weather this week was bloody awful! The tube was packed thanks to all the line closures! 
































































 Are you well enough to travel? If so it might be worth you taking a trip to somewhere that it is legal to buy (eg Amsterdam) in order to see if it helps 










































































 You eat meat because it suffers? 




 "Are there still aboriginals in the wild?" Few years ago now, but I still can't believe a final year anthropology student said this. 




 Have you been on the London underground? They are part of the heritage 




 Personally I'm holding out for ghost. 




 Me too! Although I will miss those rare comedy comments from the drivers. 

Plus I'm pretty certain King's Cross will never be as deserted as it is in the video.  


































 Is anyone suggesting we excavate new underground areas? I can't find any mention of that in the article 







































 Given how much money some people spend on fertility now, I expect fertility will be one of the faster developments.  




 I love the way they thought everyone would still be wearing Victorian clothing 





























 Treat them as equal - don't focus on the fact they are women and don't act like its a boys club. Just encourage them in the same way as you would the boys. 









  As education increases, people tend to have less children.

This is particularly key - if we give people a basic income but don't improve education it won't have a big impact. I don't think it is the income as DerpyGrooves says, so much as the fact that people's (particularly women's) time is taken up with other things  




 I was lucky enough to see him in person a while back and was delighted to see that his beard wobbles when he talks.  



































































































 Me too - its a great article. Thanks for sharing - I couldn't find the link! 




 My SO had a similar experience when he developed Crohn's Disease - took 4 months with many, many visits to the doctor and one hospital admission before they realised what was up, by which time he had developed severe complications and needed an emergency surgery. If you need treatment and think it may be more severe than the docs are saying, demand blood tests! 






















































 Given our societies and living conditions are constantly changing, I don't think our on-Earth problems will ever be 'solved'. Plus things don't have to be dealt with one at a time 


































 His appointment on such a board should be illegal. It's like making a massive racist the minister for equality (UK position - please insert local equivalent!) 




 There's been a lot of negativity about this technology, but at the end of the day it has got to be being built, which is a lot more than can be said for a lot of environmentally friendly tech. It will be really interesting to see how it works in reality.  




 I believe [this is the article](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-11-04/scientists-reverse-ageing-process-in-mice/5865714) you were looking for - you're correct about it being the muscles:

"We've discovered genes that control how the body fights against ageing and these genes, if you turn them on just the right way, they can have very powerful effects, even reversing ageing - at least in mice so far," he said. "We fed them a molecule that's called NMN and this reversed ageing completely within just a week of treatment in the muscle, and now we're looking to reverse all aspects of ageing if possible."
 




 I'm afraid I'm not the creator - I just thought this was a cool project. You make a solid point though. 




 Customers pay to have a Cloud Heat fire-proof cabinet installed in their homes or offices (the cost is comparable to installing a standard heating system). Then Cloud Heat pays for the electricity and Internet service the cabinet needs and the owner gets to enjoy free heat and hot water.

Not a bad deal 


































 A BSc in History actually sounds like an awesome course - I'm imagining modules on 16th century theories that have long been disproved.  




 Once 3D metal printing gets good/cheap enough, maybe a metal version will be doable, which i assume would be stronger 




 I'm not sure if its about fat so much as about hand size - people that work with their hands and so have a lot of callouses etc seem to have more trouble. My Dad is a good example - he works with his hands a lot so his fingers are far too big to use a smartphone properly, but he isn't particularly fat.  








































































































 This type of approach to tackling insect-borne diseases is pretty exciting - I hope it proves successful 




 I agree with this - a party would alienate the movement from other potentially sympathetic parties in a way that a lobby would not. 


































 Aren't these technically wave turbines not wind turbines? 




 You might be able to adapt [solar tube technology](http://www.solatube.co.uk/) to solve this problem 









 Mine is February 28. I am now utterly curious about what would have happened if last year was a leap year and I'd signed up one day later. Would I have one cake day every 4 years? 
























 Wouldn't this be exceptionally expensive to implement? 




 That is an excellent point 


































 That's hard to say, because it is the decision of each publisher if they want to port it. If it becomes as popular as Zuckerberg wants it to be, though, I'm sure plenty of publishers will embrace the format 









 sorry i think i must be having an idiot day, will delete now 



















 If you watch TV in the UK you have to pay for a TV licence, which funds the BBC. So its like HBO except you have to get it.  




 You had me at "IQ of a toothbrush" 
























 Or write headlines that make the author sound sane 



















 What kind of thing does one need to do to get a ban on Facebook? I've never heard of that happening before 












































 Ah I see! Thanks for the explanation. 

I thought the research in this article was interesting because of the potential for average joes - they often get the short straw on this sub! 




 I cannot upvote this enough. Time and time again people on this sub have declared a technology developed outside the US will never work, often because of a legal or infrastructure issue that is only a problem in the US. It's close-minded madness.  




 Yes! Once in a blue moon I encounter a company that does this and they are gods in my eyes. 

It's weirdly more common to find them in alphabetical order, including an array of countries that are clearly never going to be needed, such as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. 









 This has gone completely over my head. Would you mind explaining, please? 





































































 I quite agree, although he was not the first and he won't be the last to put forward that idea 




 I can understand your concern, but if he fired you for requesting hot water you could take him to court for unfair dismissal. At least mention it to your colleagues so they are aware too!  




 People who do this fill me with a quiet fury 












































 What kind of thing should they be trying instead? 




 [This website](https://plentific.com/buying-process/) may also be worth reading - its a very thorough guide to buying a house in the UK that should provide some useful info 

















































 Is this aimed at me or the writer? I usually try and stick with the actual headline of the article unless its really vague 





















































































































































 I want to take your class. That sounds like an awesome unit! 
























 Are you sure you aren't applying cosmetics to an object if you make-up something? 




 Imagine the conspiracies if it were to be adopted.  




 Airships can only be so high because they are lighter than air, I assume the weight of a rocket and all its fuel would make keeping them afloat impossible.  





























 This is the kind of awesome, leftfield stuff that makes futurology great. 

It might be a long way from being practical, but it's very cool to imagine this stuff might one day be normal.  




 Not a spammer - I post a wide mix of sites! This user has had it in for me since I started reporting their (and their other account's) spammy submissions to futurology.  


















































































































 Agreed. I find his nice persona somewhat disturbing.  




 Ah yes, you are correct - I've just found the [original on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/21263599/iPad-Glass). Looks like the garbled text accompanying this is just some nonsensical waffle to justify posting it as an article.  




 I want to get a pair of these so much! 

If they become a commercial product, you just know they'll become a common sight at cosplay events.  




 Correct - pretty handy for camping in cold weather 




 That's an interesting point - I wonder if this will have an impact on the concept of original art being of higher value - I guess the same goes for digital art.   









 I agree, I don't really get why people keep upvoting them 




 The text in this reads a lot like it was translated from another language. 

Does anyone have another link to this concept? It would be interesting to read a bit more about it.  


































 This sounds like something a crazy cartoon villain would do. If it weren't so awful and terrifying it would be utterly hilarious 



















 That sounds like a potentially brilliant idea for food aid, thanks for sharing it :) 









 No, this is a different article - note the way the text is different. 

You and your many accounts need to stop downvoting and negatively commenting on things I post - your attempt at revenge is weird and petty. 



















 That is really disappointing! 




 This is a repost of a [Daily Mail article](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2839558/Could-POO-soon-power-smartphones-Bacteria-faeces-improve-bio-batteries.html) - bit of a trend at the moment 









 Erm, isn't the link you've posted just a preview to their magazine?  




 Do you include redditors that post articles that have sensationalised headlines? Or just ones that sensationalise them themselves? 




 As with the article yesterday, this is a repost of a [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2840627/A-house-seasons-Shape-shifting-home-transforms-year-response-changing-temperatures.html) article 



















 I thought they looked familiar when I posted this and I couldn't think why! They certainly do :) 









 this is a repost of an article from the [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2839124/The-bottle-makes-water-appear-AIR-Gadget-uses-solar-energy-collect-moisture-flask-ride-bike.html) 
























 Did you get to demo any of their stuff? How was it? 




 Does Alexander Gerst ever stop smiling? He must be the world's cheeriest astronaut! 




 No I wouldn't - responding to an article you haven't read, particularly with such vitriol, just seems foolish. 

The answer you linked to didn't answer my question.  




 Have you read it or not? It doesn't seem  like you have.  




 That sounds like a hilarious article - I wish that was what it was about! 




 Only very briefly at the start of the intro and the first section, and the fact that you have focused so heavily on this makes it seem a lot like you haven't read the vast majority of this article. 




 Yeah, this is one of those technologies where it feels as if people are only exploring it because its part of a romantic view of the future, not because it's actually a useful, problem solving technology 




 Everything you've said about the article suggests you think it takes a different angle and chain of discussion to the one it does, which leads me to assume you haven't actually read it.  




 Have you read the article? 
























 Who buys print media anymore? 







































 I want to live in a future where those exist! 


































 I like the idea of us actually taking action on something - im sure between us we do have the skills to achieve some v cool things 




 There's a huge number of other reasons for GM crops other than to be resistant to pesticides etc. These include making the stems shorter to reduce growing cycles and adding key vitamins to aid nutrition. 
 









 What don't you like about it? 







































 Back when I was studying for a degree in anthropology (and hence studying evolution), I was astounded by the number of intelligent people who would ask me whether humans had stopped evolving. 







































 Check out the bar/restaurant [Solar](http://www.solarberlin.com/en/) - its hidden away off the main road (you have to access it through the car park next to a carpet shop)  and doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you go in you go on a glass elevator up the side of the building to the top and its really awesome. Amazing city views, cool interior and great food. A bit expensive but totally worth it. 















































































 This is a very important clarification. They do completely different things to butter when hot. 





































































































































































































































































































































































































 I misread this as Pot Noodle. I was trying to figure out how that would work! 




 The article is based on a [press release](http://www.sony.net/SonyInfo/News/Press/201412/14-118E/) Sony released today, so I assume there must be something new about it.  









 [This is the press release](http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2014-12/bmj-ian121214.php) it was based on. It's one of the most poorly researched releases I have seen in ages - honestly I have no idea how it got funded. 

Plus its waay out of date as moral panic-fuelling research goes. 



















 True - here in the UK we have problems with coastal erosion in some areas, and if the cost of preventing it is too high, it's standard practice to let houses fall into the sea. (Obviously is relatively uncommon, but it does happen). 

We have to be practical about when it makes sense to save a settlement, and when it is better to cut our losses. 





































































 I'm not involved in this personally, but the point is once they have the lantern they can keep accessing new content, not have to get a new lantern (or in your version USB stick) each time they want new data. 














 How are you going to get it to people? The value in Outernet is its ability to be used by people in remote areas with little infrastructure - sending them all USB sticks would be incredibly expensive and a logistical nightmare.  




 I really like this site - it feels way more unique than most! 




 I would also like to know if anyone has tried it, but bear in mind this is not the full internet - it's a broadcast selection of articles and bits and pieces, so it won't be a replacement for a dastardly service provider.  




 Blocks it on Chrome fine.  









 What did he say? 



















 Yes, but you can use it to print lots of cars, and these machines are going to drop in cost far faster than a traditional automobile.  





























