 My boyfriend was always on reddit so I decided to get an account to see how pointless it was.  That didn't work out so well. 




 Mom -  "I'm disappointed in you." 




 A few weeks after my dad tried committing suicide, when I was about 9 years old, he looked at me and said "you're the reason I hate myself." 




 My mom and step dad were fighting and it was time for me and my older sister to go to sleep.  My mom tucked us in and when she left our room I heard my step dad yell from down the hall, "the next time you see your mom she will be in a body bag." 





























 Do you regret going to college and spending money since you're not using your degree? 




 I'm a high school student writing a paper about the effectiveness of college and I'm curious to see how many people actually use their degree. 









 "Shut up! There is no laughing in math class!" 




 WHY DON'T I EVER SEE FOXES?! 





























 Not. even. kidding.
https://www.facebook.com/tyler.creek.37?hc_location=stream 




 YES! Today I was looking through this guy's profile and he is obsessed with diapers.  By scrolling down his news feed he had multiple pictures that said "share this if you're an adult that loves wearing diapers"...and then I looked through his profile pictures...big mistake...he had a picture of him in a diaper...never again. 




 "You wasted $150,000 on an education you coulda got for a buck fifty in late charges at the public library." - Matt Damon 




 Since you don't use your degree at your job, do you regret going to college? 
























 moron 




 I met my best friend detasseling in the corn fields of Nebraska.  Getting on a bus together at 5am and walking rows of corn until 2 in the afternoon = bonding time.  We knew each other's life-stories in about 2 days. 
("Detasseling corn is removing the pollen-producing flowers, the tassel, from the tops of corn plants and placing them on the ground.") 




 I got saline implants under the muscle...while I was in the recovery room waking up from my anesthesia, the nurse kept asking me what my pain level was and if I wanted to take a pain pill.  I refused.  After I woke up some more they moved me back to the room where I changed into my gown before the procedure and I slept in there for a while.  The nurse came in quite a lot to ask me if I needed anything...all I wanted was water.  After a few check-ins with the nurse I finally accepted a pain pill because yes it hurt, but it wasn't unbearable.  Upon returning home I was sore but again, nothing unbearable.  They prescribed me a bottle of 30ish strong pain pills and I only took 4 or 5.  They also gave me a packet of pills to put under the tongue for when the pain pills made me feel like vomiting.  These were a life saver more than the pain pills were.  I don't even want to think about how much it would have hurt to puke right after a breast augmentation.  




 That we are going to have to break up when I go active duty in the Navy this coming summer.  Don't get me wrong, I love him and all...but I don't want either of us to be miserable the whole time I'm gone. 




 They set the guy free while investigating further?!  If it was a full grown adult found encased in concrete instead of a baby would they be letting the home owner go?  I don't think so. 
























 I hear you...I'm graduating in may and college didn't seem like my cup of tea (at least not right now).  Travel sounded good but I knew I'de never actually go anywhere on my own.  So I joined the Navy...now I have to go places. 




 Thanks!...I think...skatest?? 




 August 26th 2014 - EA (Engineering Aid) 




 I was sworn into the Navy and am on track to be an Engineering Aid.  My main concern is if I'm going to be able to keep up with the course work at my A school with no background knowledge. 


































 Detasseling corn in Nebraska. I started doing this every summer when I was in sixth grade. This job consists of getting up at 4 in the morning to catch the school bus that leaves at 5, riding for an hour to some random corn field, getting off the bus, putting on safety glasses and gloves, walking through the dew soaked corn field freezing cold to pick the tassels off the tops of the corn stalks.  Then in the afternoon it gets killer hot (since this takes place in July), and it wouldn't be so bad but you have to wear long sleeves and long pants to protect yourself from the corn.  Then you go home, wash off your crusty mud shoes, through your clothes in the wash, take a shower, go to sleep, wake up for supper, pack your lunch, go back to sleep...and repeat for about 2 weeks (no days off). 




 Did you guys have a falling out with the members of My Chemical Romance, does the song "Pretty Handsome Awkward" have anything to do with Gerard Way....or is all that drama just rumors? 




 nope...he lives with his parents and has tried killing himself three times since the divorce (12 years ago). 




 Cheating on my father and divorcing him all within a short time period.  Not because it hurt me directly but because it about killed my dad. 
























 I read in my (fairly old) statistics book that more men are born than women, but focusing on the same group of people, by the time they are middle aged there are more women than men.  









 For those of you who own this car, how well does it handle in snow?  Also, what are the positive and negative aspects? 


































