




































































































































































































































































































































 
The Winter Finale is here! The Dreaded Sandwich Maker! Easiest Cellphone Disarm in History! I'm starting to feel genuine sympathy for Mr. Hollingsworth - it keeps raining bricks on him. 

1. Aside from the domestic violence, who's more right - Miles or Mr. Hollingsworth - when it comes to how important being elected mayor is? 
2. Is Eli actually unstable and unreliable? 
3. Is Miles just as messed up as his father?
4. Could Becky just walk onto the team and do the routine like that? 
5. Is miles being the "Arsonist" another unneeded twist?
6. Is Frankie right about how the girls will abandon Zoe after powercheer is over? 
7. Eli and Clare return: is it all-clear or a disaster in the making? 

And a bonus question: what'd ya'll think of Season 14 so far?  




 Hidden ICarly Reference!!!! Dream Sequence! I'm starting to feel like the most beleagured character on degrassi is actually Mr. Hollingsworth. 

1. On a scale of 1-10 how ironic is it that Degrassi has a teen character try to tell an older character how to appeal to teenagers?
2. Why is Zig not in trouble for not wearing a shirt in school?
3. Is it awesome that they made a reference to the original degrassi? 
4. Winston as blackmailer: plausible or WTF?
5. Is Zig amazing for standing up for Zoe against the rival cheer captain? 
6. Is Zoe right that she has more to lose than Frankie?
7. Should Frankie want to make Zoe pay? 

Author's note: I apologize for the lateness, technical problems.  









 
I'd first like to say that though i bitch about triles, it's refreshing to see a tv show that treats a gay relationship just like every other relationship on the show. 

An episode full of pain and suffering for everyone.

1. Is Tristan a sucker for going back to Miles after how Miles has treated him?
2. Zig: Should Zoe get with him?
3. What's more unlikely: That Alli would blow Clare's secret, or that there'd only be one girl Alli knew who was pregnant in highschool?
4. Is the Zoe-Hunter storyline a commentary on the ineffective nature of harsh interrogation techniques? 
5. Is it wrong of Alli to use having or not having sex as a punishment against Dallas?
6. Is Zoe the villain of this story arc? 
7. Why would the principal assume that Zoe was behind degrassi nudes, instead of it being a specious accusation or being done without her knowledge by the other cheerleaders? 









 Least favorite character in degrassi history: Grandma Baker. Mini-Morning Cakes: Best name ever for Muffins! Becky: Standing up for herself in public! 

A little bit of a surprise for Clare. 

1. Why did it take this long for someone who would report degrassi nudes to find out about degrassi nudes? 
2. Does this episode totally nuke the blackmail plot? 
3. Why was imogen not at all punished for carrying around and displaying child pornography in a school? 
4. Will there ever be a problem that Maya and/or Miles does not make worse through their own poor choices?
5. Is Imogen right about jack cheating? 
6. Is "Clare is living proof!" the best burn of the year?
7. What will Clare Do? 

All told a pretty good episode, lots of action.  









 The return of singing to degrassi! Degrassi continues to be totally predictable like a comforting old friend! Miles is amazing looking in uniform! Miles crushing Tristan's heart! Jonah is bigger than he looks (he's Drew-sized!)

1. Why does the cheer squad think that finding the blackmailer will prevent them from continuing?
2. Is Drew's jealousy justified? 
3. Why do they continue to use grace as super-hacker (that's not even how cell tower triangulation WORKS!) instead of just writing sensibly? All answers accepted.
4. Is Lola adorable or annoying when she talks?
5. Is Miles' problem pot or that his friends are crazy enough to throw an intervention for pot? 
6. Did Miles make the right choice to leave the accident scene? 
7. Since hunter is (evidently) not the blackmailer, who is? 

The thing with Grace literally upset me. It's gotten to the point now where it's damaging the show's reputation; what is it, some kind of half-assed teenaged CSI?  




 Best line of the season: "Our cupcakes are very good, sir!" 

1. Is this the first blackmail plot in degrassi history? 
2. Is it good to see Alli and Dallas again, or is it still to soon? 
3. Is Tristan a bad influence on Miles?
4. Does Miles having an actual problem dilute the meaning of Maya's storyline?
5. Is Dallas right to question Alli's commitment to him in light of her not being willing to have sex with him? 
6. Is Miles smoking marijuana, or a magical drug that turns you into an asshole? 
7. What should the Power Cheer Squad Do? 

Kind of a mixed bag of an episode. I found the Alli-Dallas plot a little to pat and a little to perfect. Loved the power cheer arc though - Very Excited for next week's episode!  









 Eli pouring something god-forsaked and green into a glass at the Dot! Lots of computer intrusion! Laptop abuse!

1. Does maya need serious psychiatric help?
2. Is it surprising frankie would be this moral and upstanding?
3. Is Hunter right to be upset that no one defended his sister on the team?
4. is imogen's inability to handle polyamory directly related to her inability to notice 10 other people standing in a small room with her?
5. Does anyone else find it incredibly immersion breaking every time they "hack" a computer?
6. Jack and Imogen: best couple on the show or best couple anywhere?
7. Is it refreshing that Hunter (the seeming psycho) is a nice guy, while Maya (the cute girl) is a raving psycho?

All told a really fun episode! I am glad they at least touched on polyamory, if they backed away from it in the end. Look forward to hearing what you all think. 

edit: as an aside "in four colors!" is a comic book reference. 









 A totally new set, complete with shiny orange jumpsuits! Yay! Spinner! Yay! 

1. Should Becky go see Luke in jail?
2. Why and how does Tristan know so much about Clare and Eli's relationship? 
3. Why is Eli doing a total change of heart from literally the last episode?
4. Has Zoey's descent into madness hit rock bottom, or will it get worse?
5. When did Eli get a fresh pint of guts poured down his throat? 
6. Is Becky right to blame Luke for her life's current problems? 
7. What do we think of the new guy with the awful haircut?

Author's note: sorry for the late deployment time. I had a heck of a time finding the episode tonight. All's well that ends well. 




 Just didn't want anyone to think i'd abandoned ya'll tonight.

Edit: and, quiz is up!  




 I'm Dethb0y.

I'm not really fit for the picture frame.


I post and read, mostly. I mean, not a lot or anything, but some. I enjoy the news subs especially, and some of the more specialized smaller subs about military stuff. Just recently joined /r/books to see what it's like.

I want to keep on as I've been keeping on.

Video games, military stuff, programming, writing, there's a huge list of stuff i'm into. I like to stay very very busy! 

Glad to see this sub is here, as i figure'd i'd give my somewhat belayed introduction to reddit! I hope the sub gets really big and full of interesting people and things! 




 The Return of Eli! A new teacher! An ugly shirt! Canadian food almost no ameican teenager would know! Eli finally says something we wish he would have said 2 seasons ago so we could have more focus on something beyond Eclare! Yayyy! 

1. Is Eli's return a positive or negative for the show? 
2. Would Zig have won the arm-wrestling competition had Tiny not distracted him?
3. Did the writers use Clare and Drew's parents to voice the questions and concerns brought up by the fandom? 
4. Is Winston right to be upset at Tristan and Miles? 
5. Is Clare delusional to think that things haven't changed? 
6. Should Eli be mad at Clare about this situation? 
7. Will Eli and Clare end up together forever, or is Clare's famous Plan shot to hell and dead forever?

Author's note: seen the whole episode now. 




 Frankie's eyes bother me; don't know why, they just do. Lola wears the best shoes! A Cam (dead kid) reference AND a dream sequence!!! Rollerderby.

Every time grace talks about computers my inner dev writhes in agony. "Sure, let me do a few weeks worth of development time in a few hours, no problem. "

1. Which is worse: making homobphobic jokes, or assuming miles is just "going through a stage"?
2. Zoey: sliding into madness, or already a legitimate lunatic?
3. Has any writer on the show ever actually used an online dating srevice?
4. When did this show completely go off the rails to the point where it has a legitimate plot about the creation of a for-profit child porn distribution service?
5. Is the rubber room teacher the best teacher at degrassi?
6. Is Miles justified in being upset at Maya developing OCD about his safety and well-being? 
7. The return of drew and becky: Best thing ever, or disaster in waiting? 

I can't even. 




 Miles making a horrible choice! The return of Grace, speaking truth as always! "Like I Care" should be the Maya catchphrase of the season. Becky whipping out the interrogation techniques! Maya looking like someone's twisting a knife in her at seeing people experience joy!

Usually i struggle to come up with seven good questions, this time i struggled to come up with only seven.

1. Who will long-term win the Machiavellian game between Miles and his father?
2. Why is no one freaking out at Zig getting naked pictures of 9th grade girls?
3. Is Drew making the right choice to be involved? 
4. Has Zoe truly put the baggage of the past behind her, or is she merely putting up a strong front?
5. Mike Dallas: Best Teen-Dad or overly judgemental? 
6. Should Becky have stood by drew, or is how she's acting totally reasonable considering?
7. Are Zoe and Zig truly done, or will it be resurrected? 

I look forward to hearing what you all think, and towards the next episode!  









 An action-packed setup for the rest of the season. I look forward to all your thoughts on it - i've missed you guys!

1. Drew and Becky: Cutest Couple, or Nauseatingly Cute?
2. How's Clare handling the pregnancy?
3. Why is the school taking donations to fix storm damage? 
4. Is what Zoe did right?
5. Is it an awful idea for them to claim condoms are ineffective?
6. Finally a storyline where someone's gay and their family doesn't approve - is it long past time for it?
7. What does everyone think of the premier!?  














 Badger was kidding. Please return. We miss you. 





































































 *Another* school dance! No graduation this season! Trees falling! A canadian learns about the american healthcare system! There's rain which apparenty 

fills canadians with fear! I get my Drew-Becky together time! Clare-Eli is on lifesupport!

Author's note: I really honestly didn't know what to even do for this quiz. the whole damn episode was 100% serious, and i'm not a 100% serious kind of 

guy. I fully expect that there'll be stuff i can't cover in 7 questions that people will want to talk about, so consider this a free-for-all.

1. is anyone surprised there's no graduation at the end of this season? 

2. Is drew a tragic or heroic figure?

3. Is tristan's affection creepy and overly intense? 

4. Who should Zig go after, Maya or Zoe? 

5. Should everyone who gets to know Miles run for the hills? 

6. Is Eli the ultimate chess-master?

7. What should clare do about her condition? 

I still want to know if that is tristan's natural hair color or if he's the most dedicated hair-dyer in history. 
 









 Zig Novac: dealer with a heart of gold. A brief mention of the other guy who molested zoe! Becky's family is the worst on earth! Zoe is avenged! Blatant disregard for legal procedure!

1. Was it disappointing that becky and drew got found so fast? 

2. Is it surprising that Zoe got thrown off West Drive for drug abuse?

3. Is Miles the most selfish person in the entire trial for wanting his friend to pejure themselves for the sake of his relationship? 

4. Is the anti-drug PSA with zoe somewhat degraded by the fact that she makes drugs look like a lot of fun?

5. Has there ever been anyone on degrassi more deserving of getting smacked down then that reporter? 

6. Is it right of Maya to flip out over the thing with Zoe and Miles?

7. How many times will someone give Zig money to escape the gang? 

So what does everyone think about the Zoe assault storyline? Eager to hear your thoughts! 




 Disclaimer: I *loathe* court room drama. That has colored my view of this episode pretty heavily. A rare degrassi dream sequence though! 

1. Does Zig have a phobia of phones or of the name Vince?

2. Why doesn't simpson have the reporters removed from the school before Zoey sees them? 

3. Is it a thing in canada to have a class on orienteering? 

4. Is court room drama the most boring drama?

5. Is the gang member intimidating, or not very scary?

6. What kind of class lets 2 students be 3 hours overdue on their first orienteering trip and not send out a rescue party?

7. Is this the start of Drew-becky?  




 
The return of Mr. Simpson! Imogen: reminding us she's insane. Becky: taking a leadership role! 

1. Is imogen right to adjust the designs of her fashions, or should she stick with what she thinks is best?

2. Is this mr. Yates first time with forbidden love?

3. Is Tristan the single worst person to have an illicit affair with in all Degrassi?

4. Why does degrassi have what looks like a full-scale back stage and dozens of people doing makeup and hair?

5. Is it wrong of becky to make winston work around someone he mentioned he was uncomfortable around?

6. Is imogen a hero for saving us from seeing Tristan do his song and dance routine again?

7. Was the fashion show the stupidest extra-curricular, or merely it's most over-priced?

Author's note: I just found out a friend of mine passed away so i might be slow on the responses for a few days. Please don't take it personally if that's the case. Stay safe out there. 









 fair warning: the episode kept skipping around for me, so if i missed something awesome, apologies. Also, is that Tristan's real hair color or does he dye it?

1. Tristan's song at the beginning of the episode: Awesome or Cringe-worthy?

2. Would the tristan/teacher storyline be different if it was a female student?

3. Is it ever appropriate for a highschool teacher to give a highschool student hard liquor? Be creative!

4. Is pot a problem, or just something people do? 

5. What should Tristan do in an ideal sense?

6. Was the Imogen/Jack storyline put in to directly contrast the Tristan/Teacher storyline?

7. Is becky a buzz kill or does she have a point?

I look forward to hearing what all of you think!  









 In this episode: Twist ending! Becky being stereotypical Highschool Girl! Drew single-handedly creating the Drallas ship! Mr. Hollingsworth finally swimming in his own pool! 

1. Is it surprising that zig was in the gang dealing drugs *before* he got kicked out on the street?

2. Grace: are her lines awesome or merely amazing?

3. Is it worse meeting a younger guy online, or getting your arm broken by some dude you met in paris who then moved to canada to be with you? 

4. Is drew's suddenly acting with sense satisfying, or unlikely?

5. Would the situation with becky be different if the genders were switched? (ie, if some guy went and stalked a girl he met on an online game)

6. Will Double D be the new meeting place for degrassi people post senior year?

7. Is becky's mother deluded or actually evil? 

I look forward to hearing what you all think. 




 They should have named this episode Some variation of "Awkward". It was full of (sometimes painfully) awkward moments. And a rare Jenna-Connor appearance! And Hollingsworth's wife saying "aboot". 

Personal note: the video game sequences made me want to tear out my eyes. Repeatedly. 


1. Is Dallas a wise man for avoiding the drama, or should he support Drew more? 

2. Has Imogen's parents both being very intelligent and forward-thinking tainted her view of all parents to make her think they'll be as reasonable?

3. Do most people think drew is stupid or just really unlucky, or some kind of combination of both? 

4. Should Becky be more understanding of her brother's situation and at least try to see it from his side?

5. Did they literally invent the most generic computer game and gamers in history for this episode?

6. Does Drew look different when he works at Mr. Hollingsworth or is it just me?

7. Has Zig's storyline gone from compelling to incredibly boring? 




 Kind of a mixed bag to me. I didn't like that Tiny turned out to be a Nice Guy; i didn't like that everything got tied up so neatly. Some fun moments, though, to be sure.

1. Has anyone ever mentioned that Zig's family is from Serbia before!? 

2. Tristan: Speaking good sense about telling miles, or hopelessly idealistic?

3. Art show idea: Pretty cool or chance for writers to be stupid?

4. Is the zig storyline resolved annoyingly quickly?

5. Is it the single most hypocritical thing ever on degrassi for Alli to lecture anyone on boys? 

6. Is it awesome when the writers break the 4th wall by using fandom names for pairings, or is it merely amazing?

7. Why is a song about how much you hate someone grounds for suspension, but throwing an axe at someone's picture merely cathartic?  




 And we're back! I absolutely adore the shirt grace is wearing in the first scene. They actually admit what season it is (Spring time). Tristan may be a redditor - he wears a fedora?

1. Does degrassi have far to many extracurricular clubs for it's student population?

2. Is springtime in Toronto nice enough to go swimming in a lake - bear in mind, they say that spring just started?

3. Is Maya the most absolutely hopelessly naive character currently on the show?

4. Why is Zig so bad at insulting people? 

5. Is tristan's line ("Oh my Ganja") the best line of the entire premier? 

6. Is Chewy the worst kind of geeky guy?

7. Is it incredibly relieving to have someone who actually says "guys suck" to one of the people who needs that message most?

All told, a really good start to the season! I look forward to the next episode, and what you all think of this one.

It's good to be back.  



















 The winter finale, in which i learned that Canada has Dairy Queen. 

1. Who looked more adorable in western garb: Clare or Drew?

2. Was it surprising that a school like degrassi would allow kids to bring toy guns to school?

3. How awesome is it they mention Cam, even if not by name!? 

4. How did eli know where to find Clare and Drew?

5. Is zig so stupid that he'd not notice that a revolver (With exposed chambers) has no bullets in it? 

6. Clare and Eli: Is it over, or will Eli lure her back with his epic love?

7. Maya and Zig: Hooking up or staying friends? 

I can't wait to hear all your thoughts on the winter finale of degrassi!  




 A rare eli sighting! Some very meta stuff, like Team miles, and Zoe acting like an actress! References to things that happened a few episodes ago! Good stuff.

1. How did mile's present get on Maya's table? Did he sneak in or what?

2. Is Maya making the worst relationship decisions since Alli?

3. Is tristan's plan to exploit Zoe's tragedy fundamentally sound, or morally bankrupt? 

4. Zoe's audition: Genuinely upsetting or cheesy?

5. Rat: deus ex machina, or accurate representation of teenage girls and rats?

6. The Clare-Eli breakup: Will Eli show up to win Clare back, Again?

7. Does miles have a point about Zig and Maya, or is he just being unreasonably jealous? 




 The trophy scene at the end? Must have been from wisconsin, because it was Pure 

Cheese. 

1. How inconsiderate does someone have to be to not even contact their lab partner about not being able to make to the science fair? 

2. How awesome is it that Mr. Bhandari remembers events that otherwise would never get mentioned? Props to him for having a memory, unlike everyone else on the show.

3. Tristan: being lured by a cunning predator, or is the teacher the victim of innocent love? 

4. Is dallas right that the judge was a racist, or is he merely an officious little bureaucrat? 

5. Was the weird camera thing during the drew-clare exchange effective or just jarring? 

6. Is Mr. Bhandari the best adult in the entire series in terms of actually being an adult? 

7. What's everyone's thoughts on the end of the racism story arc? Began and ended in 2 episodes!  




 Not only a mention of Simpson being connor's guardian, but tackling a race problem and a bombing! Quite an episode.

1. Drew and Clare: Adorable partners or practically already dating?

2. Tristan: Good to finally see some of his family life, or pointless drama.

3. New Teacher: Going to make the move on tristan?

4. The racial issue: well handled, or ham-handed?

5. Writers Collective: Great tool for learning, or rubber room for hippies?

6. Who will win the science fair: Alli, Connor, or Other?

7. Is Clare's "little crush" on drew not so little? 




 Tristan and Zoe made me genuinely lol. The reference to a "horse drawn carriage" is pretty amusing, to - because is that not JUST what eli did? Zig is serious romantic competition for anyone on the show. That last scene was pretty amazing.

1. Was Maya wrong to not tell Miles about Zig moving in with her before it happened?

2. Becky: did she get the best possible resolution to her situation?

3. Zig: Still in love, or just pissed that someone has maya and he doesn't?

4. Grace and Tristan: the start of a beautiful friendship? 

5. Imogen: To nice and understanding to be real?

6. Jenna: why is she always getting into public humiliation predicaments?

7. Did Miles hammer a nail into his own coffin by narcing out Zig?

As always i look forward to your comments, thoughts, and answers!  




 Really, this is one of my most favorite episodes this season. I loved beckys ring in the dinner scene.

1. What is a "sweetheart semiformal", and most importantly: When in the year does it take place?

2. Why does the school not take the theft of Maya's laptop seriously?

3. Is the Imogen and Becky situation wierd or amazing?

4. Is Maya's concern for Zig altruism or being attracted to him?  

5. Does Jenna deserve someone as awesome as Connor?

6. Is Zig moving in good for Maya, or the end of her and Miles?

7. Will Jenna and Connor win King and Queen of the Sweetheart SemiFormal? 

I look forward to hearing all your great responses, and am looking forward to next week's episode! 




 Extra Long episode!!!!!!! Will maintain at 7 questions though, because Tradition. This episode had several "special" features - including "camera vision" and zoe having flashbacks. Kind of wierd, not sure i liked that. Also the copy i watched (on teen nick) had some annoying skips, so, if i missed some massive plot point: that's why. 

1. Why are there so many rarely seen people in this episode? First mile's sister's twin brother, and Becky's brother!? And that random girl that showed up for dance practice with Zoe and Mile's Sister? Zig and Grace? 

2. When did Imogen become the voice of moderation and reason, concerned with rocking the boat?

3. Was the overall message of the episode well-managed? 

4. Does this episode fall into the "communication trap" - where the problems would all go away if people just meaningfully communicated with each other, without fear or prejudice?

5. Who the hell is the short-haired judge at the sing off? 

6. Is Miles a sociopath or merely an idiot?

7. Is it a total cop-out to have a throw away character be the guy ~~who shot Mr. burns~~ assaulted Zoe?

All told i really liked this episode and think it was pretty well done and entertaining! Look forward to hearing what all of you think :) 




 Drunk!Zoe may be the single hammiest acting i have seen in recent years. Maya's "You care about your father, or you wouldn't spend all your time trying to upset him" is the most cutting thing i have heard someone say on the show in a while. 

1. Is this the first ever degrassi dream sequence? 

2. Would drew be so easily misled, or teen drama bullshit?

3. Why does rocky have his own cellphone?

4. Maya: reasonable voice of wisdom, or miserable party-pooper? 

5. Leo-Dallas: Perfect, or Unsatisfying?

6. What does everyone think of the continuing slow slouch towards Claire-Drew?

7. Is this the end of mile's turmoil, or is there more to come? 









 Is this the episode where they remind us they have people like Connor and Winston still on staff? And let's not forget little Rocky! I'm a little baffled what time of year it is on Degrassi.

Also, Mrs. Hollingsworth's necklace during the confrontation scene was amazing.

I gotta say, i genuinely liked this episode and really enjoyed it. The beginnings of Clew, some great Alli-Dallas moments, and all the Miles drama. Episode was even uploaded to teennick in a hurry. 

I can't help but feel this may mark the second episode of a return to a more classic-feeling degrassi.

On with the quiz.

1. Should miles try harder to win over his father? Or should his father be more understanding of his son? After all, their family, regardless.

2. Maya: What happened to her new look? 

3. Mr. Hollingsworth's (not-quite-confirmed) affair: Shocking Scandal, or disappointingly mundane?

4. Alli: Finally making the right choices, or misisng out on a great opportunity?

5. Car changing scene: Touchingly romantic or Awkwardly Forced and contrived?

6. Miles: Will this make him cynical and jaded, or will he maintain his innocence a bit longer?

7. Dallas: is he about to go beat a frenchman named Leo?  




 In some ways, this episode feels like a throwback to old degrassi, especially the drew arc with the mother yelling at him. A rare glimpse of maturity. The underclass girls talking to Imogen made my head hurt.

1. Zoe: Overly clingy, or attentive, caring girlfriend?

2. Is Imogen (and the dress code situation) a commentary on modern activism?

3. Jenna: Worst friend ever, or merely emotionally disabled?

4. Drew: Biggest asshole on earth or merely stressed out highschool senior? 

5. Ali and Mike Dallas: best partners/friends ever, or start of another Alli Mistake?

6. Hollingsworth: Great boss, or ulterior motives?

7. Zoe: Will she and drew end up together in the sunset, or will she remain bitter? 




 Poker game was my favorite part of the season so far. Teennick continues to disappoint with technical problems. 

1. Drew's exchange with Zoe about Dallas being a good kisser: throw out to the fans or throw-away statement? 

2. Imogen braless in class: Is she that clueless, or fanservice?

3. Drew: Is it wise to threaten Miles with blackmail like that in his own home? Will it have repercussions?

4. Is it better to have fun building a volcano, or to stress yourself out doing research about cancer and organic food?

5. Drew: Is he in so far over his head he'll never see daylight, or getting his just desserts?

6. Imogen: Fighter for justice, or over-reacting nutbar?

7. Zoe-Drew: Is the age difference really that big a deal?

I really enjoyed this episode, and look forward to hearing what you all think about it. 









 What an amazing episode! We have Maya trying to fit in with people she's barely ever around, we have Grace with a speaking role, the beginnings of a (presumably) ill-fated Drew-Zoe hookup, and of course the token appearance by Tristan doing makeup. All told, not a bad episode at all.

I have to say as an aside that the previews for the season kind of ruin the zoe-drew thing for me. Maybe i'm just reading to much into it though. 

Anyway, on with the quiz-questionnaire!! 

1. Rubber room: Realistic or bizarre teen-drama trope? 

2. Maya's New Look: Awesome or awful? 

3. Is Maya's response to the rubber room a result of being in a stressful situation or the result of her wanting to win Zig back? 

4. Zoe: Is her hooking up with drew a power move, or does she genuinely like him, or both? 

5. Neck-Bruise: is it the next cuckoo-bananas? Can it please BE the next cuckoo-bananas?

6. Gun: Cruelest prank or funniest prank?

7. Rubber-room kids: Disturbingly harmless, or refreshingly naughty? 

I look forward to seeing your (always insightful and often witty) answers!  




 I had many technical difficulties tonight, thus the late quiz. All apologies!

So we have the Bandhari Beatdown! The Drew Shoot Down! The Return of Alli's Parents! The Worst birthday surprise in history! The deepest hole ever dug by lies! 

On with the quiz! 


1. Why did Alli's mother immediately abscond with the coffee, not even giving any to Alli? 

2. Why did they not do a scene of drew arguing for a live monkey mascot? It would have owned! 

3. Zigs Return: Awesome or Awful!? 

4. Maya: Has anger issues, or justifiably upset at her (hithero unprecedented) treatment by the school?

5. Leo: Was he actually trying to do the right thing, breaking up with Alli? Or was it just one more manipulation? 

6. Is it just me or is Jenna looking a little rough?

7. Wedding Day Beat-Down: Over the top or awesome drama?


So what'd we all think? A suitable return for Degrassi? I'm eager to hear your thoughts. 


































 Me and a friend just set up an Overload (Using the most recent version of Overload) server, and neither one of us have any items shown in NEI. The space where they go is there, but there's no items. Putting in a thing to search for doesn't turn up any items.

If i mouse over something and hit "u" it shows me the recipes it's used in, and the same goes for if i hit "r" (It'll show me the recipe, i mean). The NEI interface is all there, it just displays no items to the right hand side.

Is there any known fix for this? Is it even a known problem? Any help would be much appreciated.

Edit: evidently disabling galacticraft fixes the problem 




 Got a new puppy that screams all night in it's crate, so i've been getting no sleep, and almost forgot the quiz!!! So, here we are, the Fall Finale. 

1. Maya: Is tristan right about her and Zoe being essentially the same? Or is Maya in the right asking him to sabotage the performance?

2. Bianca: better or worse then Eli?

3. Drew: Is it wrong to exploit Adam's death to get Bianca to spend time around him? 

4. Bizarre Thanksgiving Dinner Skit: Funny or Strange?

5. Tristan: Peace-Maker or Hopelessly Naive?

6. Eclare: On life support, or Healthier than ever?

7. What do you think of the Fall Finale? 




 I feel a little bad for saying we don't know tristan all that well - this episode was all about him. Well, sort of. I mean we still know nothing of tristan or his family life or his dreams, but we know he likes to act, and they spent time re-affirming this. 


1. Is the switch from serious interpersonal issues to totally banal high school drama jarring or welcome?

2. Eli: is his transition from dedicated boyfriend to distracted college student realistic, or merely set up? 

3. Should tristan just own what people perceive him as (and play to his strengths), or should he continue to try and break type?

4. Winston: Why does he pick now to suddenly start interacting? The dudes' been barely there the entire season; suddenly he cares about things?

5. Is tristan legitimately short-sighted enough to think that being in a *performing group* is the sort of thing someone can keep secret from their best friend? 

6. Was the Eli-Clare scene poignant, or merely tragic?

7. Does drew not understand the meaning of the word negotiate? 




 A very maya-centric episode. Clares character continues spool down. Alli continues to make poor choices (or does she?). And a rare jenna sighting! 

On to the quiz!

1. The maya-being-bullied storyline: are they handling it well?

2. Miles assaulting maya's attacker: totally cool or implausible tv drama? Why were there no consequences for anyone for that?

3. Hacking Sequence: worst thing this season, or merely exceedingly corny?

4. Mike Dallas: what? he turned into an alcoholic because he was no longer playing hockey? Why was he no longer playing hockey?

5. Maya: Is she winning the war while losing battles?

6. Zoe: to evil to be real or all to real?

7. Alli: Where are her parents and guardians in her decison making process? It's like she lives alone in a box somewhere with no one to turn to for help or guidance. 




 Continuing the "season of drugs" we have mike dallas drinking and skipping school. And Leo's drunk on rage.

1. Refresh me: Has maya ever been seen singing or playing guitar before? Let alone talking about a music career!?!?

2. Couldn't clare and alli study for the SAT together? Isn't it the same test for both of them? Why does clare have to specifically tutor Alli?

3. Mike Dallas, captain of the sports team, is engaging in risky self-destructive behavior? Why? Since when? 

4. Does Leo have a legitimate point, here? I mean, sure he went to far, but isn't he basically right that Alli decided things for him, omitted important information, and then proceeded to take action on his behalf? 

5. Miles: can't stand to see anyone succeed, or has a point?

6. Leo finally snapped: Will Alli take him back? 

7. Is the bullying not Maya's fault?  




 Another week, another degrassi episode. Lots of plots got tied off this episode, although a few strings were left conveniently dangling...

1. Is this the season of drugs?

2. Why does becky think anyone knows why adam tried to get ahold of her? He left in the middle of the night in a stolen vehicle, after all.

3. Is the Clare chemo-brain story line interesting or boring? For that matter, is she as a character winding down and being kind of boring?

4. Tristan: stupid from love or merely desperate?

5. Has miles really forgiven tristan for what he did or is he just making nice?

6. Zoey calling Clare on lying: is it a low point in clare's life, or the lowest point?

7. Why did imogen change outfits in the middle of the day, at school? Will take all suggestions.  




 An episode with basically no plot progression, just ground-work laying. 

1. Imogen: glad to have her back and being her schizotypal self, or annoyingly cute!crazy? "Becky! So stealthy!"

2. Long-distance relationships, will it work for Clare and Eli? He looks like might have a distraction (the kind who throws inflatable balls and watches new wave cinema)

3. Articles about Zoe: would clare be better off telling the truth (that Zoe's an ego-manical, self-promoting liar) or telling a glamorous but untruthful story? What would old clare do? Would Zoe even do an interview if she knew how clare...was? 

4. What magazine editor gives a highschool kid less then a day to write an entire article with interview? Will the magazine ever be seen again?

5. Clare: Harmless side effect, or lethal illness return? 

6. Is Miles father actually abusive or does he merely have high expectations?

7. Is Zoe's character a direct reflection of the writers frustrations with various actresses on the show throughout the years, or is she merely a trope... or is she both?

Editor's note: It was a real pain to get this episode working; teen nick needs to seriously upgrade the way they deliver the episodes, because the current way is so unreliable. 




 Kind of a mixed bag, episode wise. We see Zoe at her worst, Drew at his (hopefully) lowest, Clare being Clare and Leo leading a dance revolution of a sort. 

On to our questions. 

1. Miles has a sister?!?!?

2. Why does clare get to wear the cute safety glasses?

3. Leo: Does he have a point, or does he deserve the hate?

4. Is drew seriously wandering around with a harem of young girls doing his dirty work?

5. Zoe: Literally turning drew into a whore for drugs. I cannot even think of a question here; it's just so messed up.

6. Becky: Hiding her pain, or has she forgotten adam entirely? 

7. Will Zoe's Faux-Friendship with Maya turn authentic due to Maya's charm? Will the sun rise tomorrow? 




 So that happened. Stuffed-Friia asked me to do this weeks' quiz and discussion, so here it is.

1. Leo: Biggest disaster, or biggest disaster ever?

2. Zoe: Secrets and instability; is she the new fiona?

3. Clare: Can't handle being shut down. Will she stand for it or give up? Where is Eli?

4. Alli: Worst decision maker, or worst decision maker ever?

5. Text Memorial Assembly: Cunning aversion of expected behavior, or are they just setting us up for a much bigger event later?

6. Why is degrassi's student council so large? The UN has smaller committees then them.

7. Drew: should he stop taking his medicine, or keep taking it for the action it's now caused in his life, including getting his dream beach party done and landing him a possible new tv-star girlfriend? 









 Long-time reader, first time poster. It's not that creepy - but it's creepy.

So, few weeks ago, i'm sitting in my house - it's like 9 am. My dogs start barking, and someone knocks at the door. I open the door, and it's this little dude - acne scarred face, thin, nasty looking. I say "What's up?" he says "Im really hungry, can i have some food? Just canned goods or something?"

He's really polite, i mean REALLY polite, and he also asks me to fill a 1-gallon jug with water. I give him two cans of beans and fill his jug and tell him to have a nice day, and even have kind of a positive vibe about the whole situation - helping those in need and what not. Even make an FB post.

So, about two hours later he's back: asks for something "other then beans" and if i have a smoke. Still feeling generous i tell him i got some Zatarans, and offer them to him. He kind of invites himself in, and *scavs through my girlfriends ashtray* while he's talking to me, still real friendly and polite.

He steals (I can think of no better word - he took without asking, and sort of commented he was taking them) some cigarette butts, i give him some zatarans and 3 cans of coke, and he leaves. I figure that's the *definite* end of it, and am a little miffed he just invited himself in. 

The third time, he just let himself in and said "hey are you busy?" before i could even get out of my chair. At this point, he tells me his friend stole his coke and could he have another, and apologizes for bothering me.

At this point, i'm nervous. Anyone who'll just blow into your house is a little off, and this guy's giving me the crazy vibe pretty strong. He's also totally not intimidated by me, which is unusual, and he's also acting like we're friends or something, which is even stranger.

So i give him a coke, tell him not to bother me again, and close the door behind him and lock it. I'm pretty well convinced if he walks into my house without me there he'll rob it just because he's so familiar with it.

Three days (of me locking my doors and living in paranoia) later, he shows up again. I tell him, exactly: "Fuck Off" when i open the door, and slam it in his face. 

A few hours later i'm outside and he walks by and sort of makes an apology to me for bothering me and then just keeps on walking.

It turns out (From  3rd party), he was the brother of a friend of my brothers. I hadn't seen him in so long that his new appearance (emaciated and sickly) was shocking, and he was, in fact, mentally unbalanced. 

Hopefully he leaves us alone now, but I'll still be locking my doors when i leave the house unattended.  




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 hey now, ohio's an open carry state - it's totally legal for me to walk around with a loaded, ready to fire AR-15 so long as i ain't in a bar or within 1000 feet of a school and am not inside a car. 




 They run 3 to a patrol car, and i think that says something pretty profound about how dangerous the job must be. What an awful way to die. 




 The case is eerily similar to that of Loretta Gates, whose remains were found scattered throughout Niagara Falls in September 2012. Police say its still too early to confirm if there is a connection.

But family members of Gates tell 7 Eyewitness News that the victim in this recent homicide had close ties to Gates.

Here's hoping if it is the same guy they catch him quick; anyone cold enough to kill and dismember two people is a serious threat. 














 classic case of smart-but-dumb: he was smart enough to locate the phone, dumb enough to realize he was over his head in recovering it. I'd have just walked away and called the cops, myself, if i asked for it and they refused. 
























 what's really strange is that this isn't even a particularly large cleaver - 12 inches overall, and it looks like the handle's a little more than half of that. I mean it's a sharp piece of steel so it's going to do damage, but i am not sure there's not something much more effective in a 12-inch knife.

Also: try explaining this shit to the cops if they catch you with it. I'd almost pay to hear someone try. 




 Wow that is fucking vile. What the fuck is wrong with those people? 




 I'm just waiting for Voat to be like "haha you know what? we actually DO need some overall administrative moderation of the site or it turns to total shit!" in a few months. 




 bet those would be awesome for stress-testing a transport network 




 No doubt! 




 One can hope; if they'd broken it up or at least toned it down, it might have saved some lives. 




 For me, Meg exists solely as a prequel to Hell's Aquarium. Imagine Hell's Aquarium done with Jurassic Park's budget. 




 i'd have not declined - i'd have *laughed them out of the room*.  




 can confirm, have had authors offer me books on goodreads to review. 




 There is an absolute *flood* of those 20-page books, it's incredibly frustrating. Good to see amazon doing something about it. 




 It's like Freud up in there. I don't think the linked image is about the friendzone at all, but they sure like projecting... 




 i gather it was an almost new building (built in '06 or something?) - and almost every balcony collapse the story is "it was way overloaded" 




 But yet there are neither 19 nor 41 bullet holes in that image.

Interesting side note: judging by the way the bullet holes look, the *other side* of the plate was shot, and this is the reverse of it.  




 the rest of the quote probably goes "Us and our 7 users are very happy, now" 




 I have no idea, but i assume whatever method was used to construct it's about to come under some serious scrutiny.  




 Called it when i first posted it to r/news; if there's two people in a house and one's dead, it's a fair bet the other one had something to do with it. In this case, that seems to be the case.

Hopefully justice can be done. 









 There's a few ways to game it, depending on proclivity. Cobble gens work pretty well, *some* mob farms work pretty well, etc. Anything's gameable in modded MC, it's just a question of how much damage you do to the server's TPS in the course of it.  









 the Australian answer to Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka, i suppose. Creepy. 




 It does seem like an odd turn of phrase; i'm not sure why they'd not consider this a hate crime (or if bias crime is synonymous with hate crime, or what). 

This guy sounds like a grade-a nutbar, though. Hope they catch him before anyone else gets hurt. 




 Indeed so. Human memory is incredibly fallible and suggestible.  









 It is less than helpful as a description. Interestingly enough, eye-witness descriptions of attackers are often useless unless there's some very distinguishing trait about them, or there's already a suspect in mind. 









 all countries (or empires, or kingdoms, or whatever came before those) change over time. I mean, the america of 2015 is not one that most americans from 1800 would really recognize or connect with, in terms of policy or stance.  




 Every generation always assume it'll be the last, and the world just keeps on ticking. 




 Indeed. Plus, either scenario is possible, at this point. Only further investigation by the police can determine what actually happened and piece together the events leading up to it. 




 Tori amos has alot of really clever lyrics, but my favorite is Jackie's strength:

    a bouvier till her wedding day
    shots rang out and the police came
    mama layed me on the front lawn
    and prayed for jackies strength
    feeling old by 21
    never thought my day would come
    my bridesmaids getting laid
    i pray for jackies strength

It always struck me as a particularly elegant narrative device. 




 People will do any drug in a recreational way. Poison's in the dose, and all that. 




 hah, indeed. 









 And i'd bet money we'll be around at least another 200 years, in some form or another.  




 Spartacus died in 71 BC; the roman empire persisted centuries after he died.  




 if we take the start of the roman empire as 509 BC (with the start of the republic) and then the fall as 476 AD (fall of the western roman empire), then it lasted about 900 years. If we include the eastern roman empire, it lasted until 1453 - giving a total run of about 1900 years. 

I'll take that kind of longevity if i can get it. 




 How quickly people change their minds about the IMF when it says what they want to hear. 




 Incredibly enough, i found that replacing AE2 with Project E was net-beneficial for the server over a long period of time:

1. People didn't feel a need to "hold onto" literally millions of cobble /sand/gravel/etc for no discernible reason

2. People didn't have enormous AE systems running 24/7 dealing with enormous feed stock inputs and processing systems. I did not realize how much of a drag on a server this was until we didn't have to deal with it anymore.

We just dumped stuff into the ProjectE network and pulled stuff out as necessary. It totally liberated us from the enormous drag of the usual midgame (or, as i like to call it "build giant quarries and enormous mob traps, then profit!"). 

The end effect was pretty much identical to AE ("oh, i need 1024 diamonds...better pull those out of storage!") but without any of the overhead or annoyances of the AE-type systems. 

It's not for everyone (and notably, i think most servers would want to turn off the automatic generation of points) but it definitely was very enjoyable and very liberating when we did it.  




 Yep. I'm sure in a few years it'll change (for certain if by some dark miracle a republican gets elected, suddenly being ultra-liberal will be hip again on reddit) 









 I think "contrarian" is probably the best way to describe reddit. Whatever's edgy is what reddit likes. 




 sounds like a crime of opportunity. Hopefully the DNA evidence turns up something. 









 It's certainly possible. 




 I would use "kidnapping" loosely until more information is found. This case could be more complex than it appears. 




 odd enough when we would interact with girls (there were a few who raided with us and a single one in the guild for a few months, with her husband) he treated them fine, if a bit distant. I never saw him do anything dickish and never heard any complaints or anything (and at least 2 of the girls we ran with would have said something, i'd think) 




 let alone having them die by foul play like this...just awful. 




 If two people are in a house, and one of'ems dead and well hidden and the other is found safe a few states away - it's a safe bet the one who's alive had a hand in the death of the other. 




 i always do mail.google.com - it's weird how different people do the same thing. 




 having a functional self-improving general-purpose AI would basically blow the lid off any kind of ability to even *try* to predict the future or long-term outcomes. It'd be the absolute definition of transformative. 




 A person murdered and then burned, and they only rate a few paragraphs of news, complete with this awful addition:

Brown said several items were recovered at the scene that may prove useful as evidence. Other than that, investigators have little to go on.

absolutely awful. 














 Wonder what the deal is, then; all the updated news reports are scarce on details. 




 There's not one in North Dakota - but there are 4 in wisconsin! 

 




 We weren't no casuals. 




 I'm a staunch proponent of the death penalty - and i should hope this asshole qualifies for it.

that said i think lethal injection is inhumane, and we should instead use firing squads or something because they are more reliable and less likely to go wrong. 




 Really weird situation all around. Hopefully it's resolved soon and the daughter's found, at least.  




 Indeed so. Either this was a very stupid criminal - or it didn't go down exactly as described.  




 for what it's worth, the other 20 people in the guild thought he was a lunatic on the topic, and we'd go out of our way to warn people about it to avoid problems.  




 I'm a pretty hardcore fallout fan, but i really could give a shit if it's vault boy or vault girl on my pip boy/girl, so long as i can shoot things and hunt slavers in the wasteland. 




 no joke: I played an MMO with a dude who was, 99% of the time, totally great. Real team player, friendly as the day is long, self-sacrificing to help other people. Top-Notch human being, he'd keep playing on raids and shit till he *passed out on the keyboard* rather than let the team down.

but then there was the 1% of the time that that girls + games came up, and he went completely off the deep end. His attitude was exactly that girls played games for attention, unfairly benefited from attention, and generally should be avoided for the sake of a good experience. 

Trying to talk to him about it was like talking to a brick wall, so after a while we all just learned to ignore it/never bring it up. 




 When deputies arrived just before 3:30 p.m., several friends and neighbors were already at the home. One of the neighbors had entered the residence through an unsecured window 

Nice of the neighbors to *totally fuck the crime scene up*.

Very curious what the suspicious facebook posts are like, but couldn't find anything on them.   














 indeed, i gotta think most people could not survive a full thread. 




 someone should devise an /r/news cop-shooting thread drinking game.  




 I'm not questioning the official version of events, but it does seem, shall we say, unlikely that someone would walk up to a group of 5 bikers and demand the keys to a bike while pointing a gun at them.

For one thing, how would the would-be thief make his escape? he has to get onto the bike and turn it on, and that would likely entail turning away from the bikers to do so.  




 Give me your keys, said the man, pointing a .380 caliber handgun, cops said.

If that's an accurate depiction of events, the corrections officer must have been very confident and very fast to draw down and fire with that kind of accuracy before the other guy could return fire at him.  









 i mean really i don't know what people think SHOULD happen, here; they literally hounded a human being until they killed themselves. If that's not a crime, then crime has on meaning as a concept. 




 Riptide is absolutely terrifying to me as a concept. You know that movie, Abyss? With the aliens that controlled water? I thought that was terrifying when i was a kid, because those water things could attack you under water and you'd have no chance against them. They would blend in perfectly, be totally invisible, and strike without warning.

Riptide is like that in real life. 














 i ain't afraid of sharks in the ocean - the rate of attack is very very low and they typically are not fatal attacks (though quite serious, as in this case where they both lost limbs!).

I don't swim in the ocean because of all the OTHER shit that can get you. Jelly fish, sting rays, sharp coral, etc. best to just stay in the pool. 




 I really like this, very stark. 




 I hope the people who harassed her get brought up on hate crime charges and the school brought up on discrimination charges. Make the next district so afraid of the consequences that any talk of it's crushed instantly. 




 Highly irregular to have ANY shark attacks, let alone two separate ones.  









 The worst part is she still had vital signs when they got her to the hospital - so they were grievously injured, but still breathing, when found. Must have made it incredibly traumatic.  




 Good grief! My brother had a smith and wesson with a trigger pull about that - i can't imagine pulling that thing without serious intent, let alone accidentally!  




 Yep. The only time i touch the trigger of my gun is when i'm firing it, or when i'm decocking it (and even then only when its pointed in a safe, controlled direction). 

There's only two parts of a gun that can hurt someone: the muzzle and the trigger. If people stay the fuck away from both, no one gets hurt. that simple. 




 That's a lot of misfortune in a short amount of time. It's good someone was there to help him when he got to the breaking point.  




 There's a few tricks.

First rule is to remember FORD, which is great for any situation: 

1. Family/Friends
2. Occupation (fuckers love talking about their job/profession)
3. Recreation (what do they like to do for fun?)
4. Dreams (What do they want to be doing?) 

Second rule is to remember GRAPES, which should never be talked about in polite company:

1. Guns
2. Religion
3. Abortion
4. Politics
5. Economics
6. Sexuality

Third rule is: Always have a smile. Act like you're having a grand time even if it's boring as fuck. People like happy people, even if it's a facade.

Fourth rule: Observe them closely. This takes practice, but over time you can gauge out how their reacting to you and adjust accordingly.  




 Yep. blockbuster's probably wasn't video rentals, it was their entire business model and their entire management structure. They'd have just mis-managed netflix into the dirt.

 




 basically, when using a weapon like this, you can choke up on the head to use the top of it for strikes. that'd require whoever used it to have some training/know how and i'm not sure they would, of course. 




 Don't gotta chop through the door, just have to break the hinges or the lock (whichever is easiest). It'd be pretty fast, but not as fast as a battering ram or a shotgun. 




 [There was a scandal about this around six months ago](http://fox8.com/2015/01/29/how-much-first-aid-training-does-cleveland-provide-its-police-officers-i-team-investigation/)

From the article:

Akron, Columbus, and Cleveland all offer 12 hours of first-aid training to their academy recruits. Thats mandated by the state of Ohio. By comparison, Boston said its recruits receive 40 hours of first-aid training, and Pittsburgh said its recruits receive 56 hours.

Even more damning:

Boston also said its officers must be re-certified in first-aid skills during various times during their careers. Pittsburgh said officers there receive refresher courses every two years.

Ive been a police officer for 22 years, Loomis said, and we had one in-service training (in Cleveland) in 2009.

the tl;dr is: Cleveland has absolute shit for first aid training for it's cops, and it is not surprising they had no clue how to handle a gunshot wound.  




 hey look, it's a rich guy telling everyone what's wrong with the world. That's worked out so well in the past, we should SURELY listen to him, right?  




 It totally baffles me - i mean, seriously i am *confused*, here - who would keep their finger on the trigger once they were off target. It's absolutely against everything i have ever learned about firearms handling.  









 This is 100% a human error problem. No excuse for it. 




 but how would you keep the oceans from pouring down onto the overworld?  




 Yep. I've never seen an accidental shooting that could not have been prevented. This is no different. The gun should have been kept secured, and the owner should have *maintained control over it*. 

Absolutely tragic and absolutely avoidable. 
























 That's pretty cunning, really. The risk is you'd get a lot of false positives, but still, that's probably one of the better ways to locate drug abusers.  




 Politicians have to beg for money; judges just tell you how much they want and take it.  




 If it came down to a vote for jeb bush or the Zombie of Stalin with running mate Vampire Hitler, i'd vote for the undead. You should always vote for the lesser evil. 




 Japan's navy is not going to go light up a sovereign country over destroyed property. They'd just cry to the UN like everyone else. 




 It would in fact be perfectly legal for them to pass a law where they executed the fishermen. The saudis behead people for less, to say nothing of the *really* rough countries like indonesia.  




 you keep saying "rule of law" but you don't seem to understand this *is*, by very definition, the rule of law. Their a sovereign country and can pass whatever laws they like. 

Not everywhere is america or has the same values as america. 




 We actually didn't even have organized, 24-hour municipal police in america until around the late 1830's. Prior to that it was a system of constables and night watchmen. 




 Bet that'd be a real bastard to dig out of someone in the ER. 

I've actually considered getting some and running a 50/50 mix of these with FMJ's in my 9mm.  




 that central dome looks like shit, the entire painting has a weird, bent feel to it, the plants look like an over-grown abandoned lot, and the artist has no eye for light. 

It ain't something a first-grader would do, but it's not something i'd expect from a professional, either. 




 there's lots of legitimate uses for armored vehicles (among other things, valuables transport and security uses).  




 Those things are, literally, life-savers.  




 The problem with having 10,000 hitler clones isn't the ham-handed attempts at world takeovers (they always bog down in russia) or the genocidal tendencies (no one's falling for *that* trick again); it's the god-awful paintings everywhere.  




 actually now genitals are not only part of dwarf fortress, but "gelding blows" are a legit thing in fights.  




 That is correct, from my understanding. This is fucking appalling. The guy shouldn't have been on the streets in the first place. 




 [Here's another article from china about it, with more pictures](http://www.whatsonxiamen.com/news39191.html) - the more i look into this the weirder it gets. It's like there's absolutely *zero* mention in any us media source i can find about this. 

I'm just baffled at this point. 




































































































































































 Search coordinators said the data suggested Scheib likely ascended Yerba Canyon trail and at least got close to the summit, which rises 12,115 feet above sea level, but probably encountered trouble during his descent.

good grief, i'm not sure i could hike up a 12,115 foot trail, and i'm only 36, not 61! Guy must have been a very experienced outdoorsman. 




 that....sounds really good, actually?  




 It can definitely happen. Usually hiking's pretty safe, but accidents and weather and circumstance can conspire to get the best of people.  




 Other sources are saying there was a storm the day he turned up missing, and that he was actually found in a river adjacent to the trail. He might have gotten disoriented in the storm or slipped and fell. It's apparently a challenging trail.  




 Well there's a picture the guy cooking them. 

Which, btw, who the hell thought eating lobster was a good idea? It's a giant bug. If you saw a lobster and had no clue what one was, you'd  be terrified of it! That's not for eating, that's for leaving in the ocean.  




 I hear it's murder to get the white house tiramisu recipe.  




 What, you think he was in on a conspiracy to use margarine instead of butter on the lobster? The guy was a fuckin' cook, not the CIA. 




 Could be anything, at this point, but yeah - i'd be inclined to think it's something pretty immediate like a heart attack or being jumped by someone on the trail (though that's very rare)  




 haha right?  




 Least it ain't Amigara Fault!  




 I wonder if this is a case of the american west killing someone via the environment, or if he had a medical issue, or what. 









 /r/floridaman always cries when i post fucked up news about people burning to death or whatnot in their sub :( their all "this is for silly news, not serious stuff!"  









 Shame to see such a venerable american company on the rocks like that, but they dug the hole themselves. 




 For that price, it better come with a built-in assault rifle to shoot anyone who threatens me. Good grief. 









 i should stress that i have absolutely zero faith in state legislatures to not be utterly corrupt as well as incompetent. It's just to small-potatoes for them not to be. 




 I'm shocked the percentage of not shady ones is that high, honestly. 




 If we're to have private prisons at all (and i don't think we should) we should just pay them a flat rate (to keep the facility staffed and running) + a per-prisoner rate. So if it's a 500 bed facility and has 1 prisoner in it, that's fine, and if it's a 500 bed facility and it has 500 prisoners in it, that's fine.

Why it would not be set up that way is baffling to me, but i suspect the general incompetence and ignorance of state legislatures is to blame. 




 Exactly how i feel about it. I don't care what someone eats, but good grief, kill it humanely.  




 I think it's the exact opposite: people want non-threatening things. Let's say someone has a crush on suzy at works, and as any good man would, beats the bishop thinking about her. That's dangerous ground: his fantasy life could intrude into his work life and make him feel bad because he can't have what he wants.

But if he wants, someone *utterly* unattainable - his mother, a MLP character, etc - then that's safe to fantasize about because he knows it'll have to stay a fantasy forever. 




 That is absolutely hideous. Also, i loathe neck knives. 









 Kind of ironic, considering how much of her work mentions her father and how much of it deals with summer time (or at least, summer activities) 




 Other driver was hurt, but not killed. Really was lucky, it would have been nothing at all for there to be way more fatalities. 




 I post news about all kinds of psychos and nutbars, pretty much without discrimination as to creed, gender, or nationality (in the past few days I've posted everything from a guy in nigeria burning an 8 year old to death to a 17 year old in america stomping a 2 year old to death to a dude what wrecked his drone on top of some chick's car in florida). 

Or, as the macro i have for the occasions someone complains about my posts says:

"It's a fucking meat grinder. People go in one end, and meat comes out the other. All we do is turn the handle. " - Judge Lex, Dredd 









 yeah it looked spendy. 
 




 FPH was a pro-ana sub, through and through. They just dressed it up enough to pass as something else. 




 No one ever tried messing with the videos to my recollection. They might return them in poor condition (chewed up by a shitty vcr or what not) but generally they did not try to swap them or anything like that.

I remember we had one on display that a guy had left on his car's dashboard in summer - it wasn't just melted, but distorted in a very unique, almost wavy sort of way.  




 that was my thought, exactly. If this guy was up for 3-strikes, then he might figure a chance of escape is better than the certainty of dying in prison.  




 I am kind of legitimately wondering if he could just drive around with the controller until he picked up a signal.  




 realistically this is not much different than the mob dropping a health item. I don't know how well it'd work out (i mean it'd be very game implementation specific) but it'd be interesting, at least. 




 if you've never seen it, look up the intro video for Total War: Napoleon. If you like napoleon, it is pretty awesome.  




 The underwire thing i've seen personally, and i have always commented that there MUST be a better way to do what the underwire does. 

The bra thing is horrifyingly nightmarish.  




 I worked in a video store, and there is a world of difference between little problems ("oh, they moved a movie off the shelf from where it belongs" or "Oh, someone forgot to flush the shitter") and callous disregard for the shop ("Oh look, some shitheaded prick dumped 20 fucking vhs cases onto the floor and just left'em" or "Great, some son of a bitch maggot-fucker took a shit in the goddamn sink.") 

This is pretty callous disregard, at least pick up the fucking drink cups!  




 To me the elephant in the room is that that this giant clusterfuck mess was probably created by children, and that the real problem is that we allow children into theaters not specially designed or designated for them.  




 I dunno. If someone does something obviously stupid, either A) their really that dumb, or B) there's some information they know that we don't that makes their choice make sense.

I'm guessing B, here - the guy knew/thought once he was in custody, they'd either get him on a much more serious charge, or he knew that if found guilty he'd spend many years in prison due to priors or something.

Either way - i don't think he'll be free for much longer. They tend to round up cop killers pretty fast. 




 I mean figure you're just driving along, when suddenly some psycho just goes batshit and runs into you. Truly life is precious, for it can be gone at any moment - i'm just glad he didn't die. 




 I'm fond of saying that his movies are less independent movies, and more just really well done homages to previous horror films, with shout-outs and throwbacks throughout. 




 Friendly fire isn't friendly, as they say. Absolutely awful when these things happen. 









 It's an avoidable tragedy, for sure.  




 I gotta think you're onto something there. The foster care system isn't perfect (nothing is) but it's gotta be better than that kind of home environment. 









 If authors were paid every time someone turned a page, they'd have a good motivation to write pages people wanted to keep turning. 




 the efficiency of ants has always impressed me. They are like little robots. 




 What gets me is: who would be so stupid as to shoot a cop to escape custody like that? What the hell had the guy done that would make him consider *that* a superior option to going to jail for the charges he was up on?  









 Totally dependent on what's causing the paralysis, how severe the damage is, how fast medical attention is gotten, etc.  




 I couldn't ever skim past. These people, and what they've been through and their lives (however short) - they deserve to be remembered, and known, and thought about. It's just so awful. 









 That could work. If it didn't break the skin, it'd be alright. Probably easier to design some kind of metal cutting blade, though, mounted externally as part of the armor they would wear.  




 I would assume whatever doctor did the autopsy/post mortem exam would have written one up, so the navy? I'm actually genuinely not sure how that's handled, i would genuinely like to know. 




 Meat's meat. So long as it's humanely slaughtered, i don't think it matters much where it comes from.  




 That's not true - they'd write a sternly worded letter! And if that didn't work, a second, even more sternly worded letter, before giving up. 









 it won't undo what was done, but it'd be *something*.  




 Would not at all surprise me if that were the case. people are always looking for an edge. 









 I'm always seeing itch.io on /r/gamedeals - good to see some of the math behind it! keep up the great work. 




 That kid's face is the look of fear and regret, right there. I would feel bad for him, but considering his crime, not so much. He made his own bed. 




 it's pretty disgusting/mind boggling that no one showed up for this kid, considering the circumstances. What a nightmare he must be going through. 




 You can't even win Cataclysm - you can just survive until you don't. 




 There's so much i don't understand about this situation. I have to assume he just got frustrated, lost control, and attacked the kid - but that seems like such a pale explanation for something so awful.  




 And nothing of value was lost.  









 Firstly, he has not even the slightest most remote hope of an insanity defense. Hell, he does not seem very concerned with even mounting a defense, honestly.

Secondly, considering he's already said he was trying to start a race war, if the media hasn't caught on by now it's intentionally not catching on. Hoping that throwing another log onto the pile will change their minds is a lost hope. 

Thirdly, i really could give a fuck less what this asshole's motives and inspirations supposedly are. He's just another inbred hick with a gun that figured his only chance at getting anyone to pay attention to him was to go kill some innocent people. Just like those assholes Klebold and Harris, just like that prick tim McVey, just like all the rest of them. 

Give him the death penalty and then lock'em away until it's time to give him the shot. He has nothing worthwhile to tell us. 




 That's probably exactly what happened: without official proof of death, there was some paperwork holdup on his end. Plus, of course, its' good to have for official reasons. 




 I'd rather drink a cup of my own piss than read whatever this traitorous little shithead word-vomited into a text file, thanks. Whole thing should be deleted unread and unseen. 




 In an interview with police, (the suspect) admitted that when she wouldnt stop crying, he kicked the child twice in the back and then laid her on the floor and stomped on her back, the statement added, citing the petition.

I actually am having a difficult time forming the words for how fucked up this situation is.  









 damn, at least i was spot-on to be suspicious. good deal. 




 Good old Rob Dyke.  




 I wonder how effective you could make something like this and still plausibly claim it's not a weapon but a fashion accessory?  




 Strange situation. Wouldn't rule out mental illness on the girl's part - delusions of persecution are reasonably common, and 17 is about the age some people start to develop some types of mental illness.

that said i hope she's found, and quickly - this doesn't seem like a benign disappearance. 




 yeah i don't believe that for a second. I think they would hit you with whatever they could because - and i know this is shocking - society frowns on opening fire near small children because you feel mildly threatened.  




 I wouldn't necessarily want to see "skills" per se, but perks like being able to do special attacks or have special benefits in combat or survival. 




 that's all fine and well, except: 

The officer fires one shot at the dog, misses the dog and accidentally shoots a four-year-old in the leg, CPD spokeswoman, Denise Alex-Bouzounis, said.

There was no person attacking him. he claimed the dog charged him and he drew and fired his weapon, hitting a 4 year old. 

If some concealed carry permit holder's in someone's house and their dog (reportedly) charges him and he fires at it and accidentally hits a 4 year old, what would happen to that person? 




 To me, the question is simple: if this same situation happened with a private individual rather than a police officer, what would the response be? 









 Good on hawaii. Anything that inconveniences, harasses, and annoys smokers and the businesses they shore up is inherently to the good.  




 I don't think this is enforceable almost anywhere - how would you ever prove someone had a gun or did not have a gun, unless it was used (in which case you have bigger issues than if you can still drive for uber) 




 Some people are decent people, others are just pretending to be decent people. If someone's an asshole when there's no consequences, then they were *always* an asshole, just smart enough to hide it in polite company. 

 




 I dunno what you'd call someone who feigns a normal life while having a second life where they torment and harass people, other than some kind of psychopath. 




 You're cynical, i like that.

Also it did occur to me asking for donations was a little iffy in a situation like this. 




 Sounds like something Edward Lee would write.  




 Probably whoever did this knew the victim; of course, by now their long dead. ID is probably impossible unless there's a lucky DNA hit, if there's any DNA evidence. 




 People loved [John Wayne Gacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wayne_Gacy#Businessman_and_community_volunteer). Thought he was a great guy. Everyone got along with [Dean Corrl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Corll#Corll_Candy_Company) - he was so generous to the local kids. [Ted Bundy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Bundy#University_years) was viewed as a young man with a promising future. [Dennis Rader](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Rader#Personal_life) was a real asshole, though. 

My point is: just because someone's got a "normal" life doesn't mean their not hiding something dark and awful inside them. Maybe they ain't serial killers, but never ever mistake "seems normal" for "safe".  




 I would argue that's more just a difference of extent and opportunity. 

I think it's pretty telling that the klan wore masks. They knew what they were doing was wrong, but they also knew that if they took some precautions they were unlikely to be punished. That enabled the violence and the intimidation. 

The only difference with internet groups is that they have less opportunity to do wrong and it's easier to figure when they have done wrong (see: reddit + the boston bomber fiasco). it makes them seem less prone to extremism and violence, but really it's just muted because of the fear of consequences and the lack of opportunity.  




 It is an odd choice of headline, but i figured i'd leave it as is more or less. 




 can confirm, have fried computers with screw driver, am software engineer :(  




 i WISH i had a transparency projector, those things are fucking boss. 




 I would say that all societies or groups - even ephemeral ones like SRD - have enemies and allies, even if only in their own perception. The rhetoric of "why" and "how" may vary, but the basic tenet of "us" and "them" never changes. 




 There is no opportunity for discourse. Anything reddit's admins say they'll either disregard as FUD or treat as an attack on them; by no means will they ever seriously consider anything they say.

Not to mention, i'm not convinced of the value of even trying to talk to people with delusions about their delusions. I've never seen it work out any better than them disengaging from the conversation. 




 I've known a few people who were competent at their jobs, who became *incompetent* the minute they left their job, at their own field. 

I know an engineer who's perfectly able at his job, gets promotions, does great work, etc. In his off time, he told me once that he doesn't understand why computer chips don't run in 16-bit instead of binary, and refused to hear any logic as to why not. I imagine there are lawyers the same way: good at the job, crazy off the job. 




 it's really a case of a few loud assholes covering up all the great stuff on reddit. For every /r/fatpeoplehate there's at least 20 good small subs with great content. But that gets washed out in the constant white noise from the assholes. 




 That plan has a few (reasonably minor) flaws:

1. It'd scatter infectious material everywhere. If anyone has any open wounds or if there's bone shards, it could infect them with the zombie-agent.

2. It'd be noisy, which could draw unwanted attention/deafen people nearby who need their ears to hear shuffling undead approach

3. Someone could be close to the victim (rendering aid, checking to see if their just unconscious or what) when the charge goes off, injuring them quite severely

4. No system is 100% fail-safe, and an accidental detonation could be absolutely catastrophic - imagine if they were flying a helicopter or driving at speed. 

No; implanting explosives inside people is only rarely the correct answer, and it's not in this case. 









 Probably to situational to make any sort of judgement without knowing the specifics of the situation and location. For example - illegally immigrating from the US to Canada is very different from illegally immigrating from Taiwan to Japan. 




 How delightfully alien and strange looking; an amazing depiction of a picture being worth a thousand words. 




 Got it in one. I don't think anyone seriously expects an attack against the east coast, but they probably figure it's only a matter of time until someone pops a cruise missile at one of our bases overseas or in a combat zone. 




 An armed society is only polite if everyone is armed; if only some people are armed, it's pretty damn belligerent.  




 yep and yep.

Even better, every time i've had to take someone to the ER for a psych problem, they've acted like it was a big fucking burden and a serious annoyance. The one nurse even said "well, i know your doctor said to come here, but could you hold out the 2 weeks to see your regular psychiatrist?" like it was no big deal that they were talking about cutting their arm open to see the veins.

medical community in america's fucked. It's a total crap-shoot if you get someone who gives a shit or if you get someone who just wants to get back to the break room to watch another episode of Family Guy. And that's without looking at the money aspect of it, which makes everything a thousand times worse. 









 What a rolling shit-show this case is. If there was a god, this would be solid proof he ain't benevolent. 









 Luckily i'm sure the jail cafeteria will have all the potato-based foods he would ever want. Assuming, of course, that someone doesn't take it off him. 




 You never know what goes on behind closed doors. 









 Yep. It's pretty upsetting. 




 the vast majority of criminals aren't very bright, and i have to think any pedo stupid enough to molest a kid at his job and right around pickup time in a public place is not the sort of guy who can come up with a super-good explanation for his behavior when pressed.

It's a good thing in a sense, though - he won't get away with it. 









 I like the headline style, but the rest kind of falls flat. Also the picture  isn't as good as i would like - i expected something more criminal-like, rather than what looks like a headshot for a magazine. 




 Couldn't hurt to try if you have a good sample. At worst it's some dead ends or false leads, and most cases have plenty of those anyway. 




 I'd argue that in my setting, since nation-states can "own" entire solar systems or groups of solar systems it'd be just that - a large cluster of solar systems somewhere.

Probably for like, human scale items, large warships or very large structural installations would be the most expensive things, and would be owned by companies (maybe some individuals).  




 That's....actually pretty profound. If you were in a situation where zombism could take over quickly and without much warning, some kind of face-mask could actually be common issue for the people sent to deal with them.

*makes notes for use in future zombie worldbuilding* 




 welcome to /r/worldpolitics - where you can get the very best in anti-Semitic news hidden under the thinnest veneer possible. It's a total shitshow. 




 i 100% blame Geraldo Riviera for single-handedly destroying the public sanitarium system in america. His expose on Willowbrook has probably caused more suffering and misery than it prevented by an order of magnitude.

If you ever want to see true frustration, try to get someone committed for their own well-being. It's a fucking nightmare.  




 child's leg tells me it could be child abuse. Dad beats the kid a little to hard, they die, buries them under the shed. 

Alternatively, could be a random nutbar who killed animals then escalated to killing a child. 

The extreme age of the site tells me there's not apt to be much evidence left, and what evidence is left isn't likely to be conclusive.

What i want to know is: where's the rest of them.
 




 If it were, it'd well fit with the source material. 




 Just one of the many spiraling side effects of the country's attitude towards mental illness - dangerous lunatics roam the streets, and there's damn little anyone can legally do about it. 




 this is /r/worldpolitics - if it's anti-isralie, it'll stay (and get upvoted).  









 I'm kind of conflicted on what actual punishment should be given for this, but i definitely feel the gun owner is responsible. If you aren't controlling access to your weapon - then you are not controlling the weapon and are in the wrong.  




 Just look at the mike brown shooting - people were saying, literally, "if you don't want to get shot, don't steal shit!" like stealing from a convenience store is a death penalty offense, suddenly.  




 I have heard nothing but good things about Open Broadcaster Software. 




 It's just more bullshit posturing from russia to get them into the press. Luckily (for them) reporters eat their nonsense up. 




 I was never quite sure what he was doing - by the time i got to where he was (out in a custom mystcraft dimension he'd made) he had everything stripped. I assume it was configuration though, rather than the system he was using. Whatever it was, it smoothed out instantly once he removed it. 




 Even a step further: i remember people being very proud we *had* [Echelon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECHELON) and the NSA was considered to be the very good guys. It was common knowledge that we had really capable spy satellites, but no one worried about it. 




 of my immediate family, only one person has a degree - and it's only tangentially related to his job.  




 Let'em starve.  




 I hope whatever kills him - and oh, i hope it's soon! - it hurts like a motherfucker. This guy deserves no mercy nor respite; may his final hours be filled with fear and his final moments filled with terror and pain. 




 And nothing of value was lost 




 In a time when everyone wants a free pony, he is there offering up that free pony.  




 I miss the good old days, when news was murder-death-kill 24/7. Now it's all marketing bullshit for crap i'll never touch. 




 My theory is that what creates deranged mass shooters is actually the media itself. I think that these people feel disenfranchised, powerless, and hopeless, so they take up a gun and decide to go get famous.

Mass shooting's wont' go down until the media stops covering them so intently. 









 It sounds like he was pretty well known and well liked. Damn shame, and such an awful way to die. 














 I have no clue, but that's a very good question. I would like to think that in that circumstance, i would go all-out to save someone, but without being there we just can't be sure what happened. 




 that too. 

At one point, we had an intermittent server fault where the server would just die and then pop back. So we finally trace it down to a dude's quarry system: it was running intermittently, and when it would run, it would bring down the entire server as processed stuff.  He couldn't power it consistently (thus the bursts - he'd shut it off, let the power build up, turn it on, bring the server to it's knees, it'd run it's power dry, rinse and repeat).  




 I'm sure this kid was from the 'burbs and thought if he told the nice men they had his phone they'd just cough it over, and then when they didn't he didn't realize how dangerous the situation was.

totally an avoidable fatality. 




 Be a hell of a coincidence if so!  




 [That's exactly correct.](http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2923.16)

The revelant portion:

(B) No person shall knowingly transport or have a loaded firearm in a motor vehicle in such a manner that the firearm is accessible to the operator or any passenger without leaving the vehicle.

(C) No person shall knowingly transport or have a firearm in a motor vehicle, unless the person may lawfully possess that firearm under applicable law of this state or the United States, the firearm is unloaded

basically, the ohio gun law is so pants-on-head retarded that it boggles the mind (it's not as bad as Ohio's knife law, however!)  




 "high cost of living" stands as one of my all-time favorite comics, ever, and is in my top 4 or 5 for best works of fiction ever. 




 Shhh, you're interrupting the "it's not a classic until 8th grade teachers force you to choke it down" circle-jerk.  




 It would have worked better if it was at least a half hour shorter, but then it wouldn't really be a full-length movie.

that said, i really enjoyed how it was unremittingly batshit crazy. A lot of movies about crazy people show them as not-really crazy; they have some kind of over-arching sense to what they do. This guy was just batshit and any ability he had to make sense was purely incidental. I liked that. 
























 Gurps is an RPG without seatbelts. It's possible for any player to derail the game through any number of ways.  




 Be interesting to see what impact this has on the situation there. 




 Well the question to ask is: without bombing civilian targets, would the war have lasted longer and cost even more lives? Or, perhaps more difficult: would bombing *this or that* civilian target have shortened the war? 

I just don't know the answer to that, sadly. 




 captive piston ammunition has always kind of fascinated me. It's such an interesting concept.  




 How many times can you go to the same well, with the same bucket, and get the same water, and pass it off as amazing? 

I dunno that the premise of scream would necessarily make a great one for a TV show, unless it was almost like a police procedural or something. 




 People sobbing and moaning today about a few people killed in a drone strike have no clue how we used to incinerate entire cities just to slow down military production.  




 Yeah cause a giant monument is totally the same thing as a book, right? 

The lengths people go to defend their racist, traitorous bullshit is absolutely fucking astounding to me.  




 Yep. They eat an *enormous* amount of bird species and put tremendous pressure on them. Neuter and release programs do nothing about that problem; they just make people feel better. 









 Very peculiar. If he genuinely did not get to the high school then that'd indicate an abduction took place between his house and the school - a difficult scenario to imagine at that hour of the day and with a healthy 19 year old male. 

My best guess would be that someone who knew him (or at least, that he knew of in some way) got him, considering time of day and all. Maybe they stopped to offer him a ride to the school and something just went south from there. 




 The only thing i can say with certainty looking at that thing, is that it is ugly as the day is long. Reminds me of a puffin or something. 




 Korea is a pretty messed up place in a lot of ways.  




 i don't see a collar on it, it was roaming around someone's back yard. That sounds feral to me.  




 I'd believe it. They certainly did me - i'll probably never vote republican again, unless things *significantly* change. 




 No doubt, right? I mean at least robin was with someone who was non-lethal; i don't recall captain america being particularly non-lethal in how he dealt with people.  




 I'm *continually* baffled by people who are like "oh man feral cats deserve love!" - their fuckin' feral cats! They kill birds, they kill small wildlife, their a blight on neighborhoods.  




 I'm reading my way through "I could love you if you let me" on archiveofourown and i already liked the pairing but now i'm in love with it and i am now *incredibly* excited.  




 Bucky looks like a little kid. That's kind of disturbing in it's own right. 




 I strongly suspect this thing will never get (hah!) very far off the ground with the military. The advantages it brings aren't worth the cost, maintenance, and training issues it has. Not to mention, i'm not sure where something like this would even fit, doctrine-wise. 




 Well, see, when you are REALLY GOOD with a hammer, suddenly every problem is a nail that no one's understood is a nail yet. 




 I almost hope it's true. The thought of pro-lifers being forced into hiding and shame for fear of the judgement of their peers brings a smile to my face. 




 It's so inexplicable that i felt it kind of elevated itself to being news. Most animal abuse cases don't involve multiple animals or this level of mutilation.

Whoever did this is very sick and needs to be found quickly. 









 Pretty awesome, i wonder if it'd be able to save updates to the drive at some point? 




 That was actually the variety of conservatism i grew up with. The people i was around genuinely did not care about who married who or what church someone went to. The idea of imposing religious and moral values onto people was just not something they were into.

No clue what happened to those guys.  









 "It's a fucking meat grinder. People go in one end, and meat comes out the other. All we do is turn the handle. " - Judge Lex, Dredd 









 I've always viewed feral cats as a serious problem that should be dealt with on the harshest terms. If people love their cats - great, get'em neutered and keep'em inside. 




 I think it's under-rated. It's about 8 times as good as the poltergeist remake, at least. 




 "it's about time" also leapt to mind. I don't know why there'd even be such an exemption. 




 it's for sure pretty tasteless. 









 That's how i feel about it. Feral cats are vermin and keeping their numbers down is a responsibility that we, as humans, have.  




 that's impressive, i like that. 




 [A more information-full story about the incident itself from when ti happened.](http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/18/us/texas-veterinarian-facebook-cat-shot/) Includes a better picture of the cat shot - looks like she got it almost perfectly in the back of the head.

If i recall it was in her back yard, so it was at fairly close range - still, i mean from a technical stand point it was a pretty impressive shot. 









 This is a tragedy and an injustice. This monument to a traitor shouldn't be vandalized, it should be bulldozed into the dirt and something useful built on it's location. 









 Trust me, this is 100% the best time to be alive by an enormous margin.

[Check out just the year 1915](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1915) - World War I was kicking off (and people were dying by the droves), and it's only 3 years until the [1918 flu pandemic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1918_flu_pandemic) kicks off - and kills *3% to 6% of the entire fucking world*. 

No, anyone who tells you "oh man the 21st century is awful" just doesn't know history very well. 




 Yeah, that was pretty despair-inducing.  




 The advantage of any concealed weapon is that you need not necessarily be faster than the other guy; it's that he'll let his guard down (thinking you're unarmed) and you'll have a free shot at him because of this. 

In terms of effectiveness, sword canes are just not very good weapons. Even the super mallnina's at cold steel [have a hard time making them look effective.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL0Y-GhU2Io)  




 I post a lot on /r/news but to me /r/morbidreality will always sort of be my "home" on reddit. The people here really are a cut above the rest in terms of thoughtfulness, consideration, and decency. 

Lots of people go through horrific abuse and never hurt another soul. Lots more go through horrific abuse and only ever do minor harm to anyone. Our lives aren't train tracks that we're stuck on until we derail; their more like a road that we can choose to go off of, difficult as it may be.  




 i 3 foster parents. I hope to one day be one, for troubled older kids.  




 One thing that always seems to surprise people is how long the wheels of justice actually take to reach their final destination. I'm just surprised it didn't take longer. 




 After a quick glance, i couldn't find anything on how the kid's doing. I'm assuming it's alive since no one got charged with murder, but that's a risky assumption in some ways. 




 WTF else would you call them? they are people who theorize about conspiracies. It'd be natural to call them "conspiracy theorists" (or perhaps "Conspiracy Speculators" or something).  




 these sorts of situations aren't unheard of - [The Glen Ridge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen_Ridge_rape) case comes to mind. 




 FPH was just a thinly veiled pro-ana site. And that some of the former users get so defensive about that tells me i'm on the right track with it. 









 it's almost like defense spending is horrifically inefficient and poorly managed.  




 I think that it's always possible for people to go to far with anything. 

On the other hand, if a case does not get media attention, does not get people involved, then it is very possible for it to simply fade into the background for years as new cases come up and leads dry up.

I think Natural Born Killers said it best: "The media is like the weather, only it's man-made weather." - and online sleuthing is certainly a type of media.  

As an aside, i'm both surprised that the Jessica Chambers case has gone unsolved this long, and that it's not much more popular in the media. She fits their ideal of a victim: young, blonde, american, pretty.  




 Since i didn't see it yet: Any situation where people are withholding large amounts of information/not answering questions/avoiding explaining things? Yeah, that's probably not going to work out well.

Another big one (and a related one) is one where people refuse to "get close" to you. If you move into an apartment or you start a job and *no one* is friendly? That's a red flag, they have a reason for acting like that, and it's probably not something you want to be around to learn about. 




 I'm just trying to envision something more awkward than playing a strategy game on a phone. 




 Some thoughts on each entry:

1. amusingly, clive barker's "Scarlet Gospels" have totally and utterly confused the issue of who pinhead is and what he wants.

2. Peter Watts did a great short story called "The Things" that talks about the mindset of the creature, and how it is, in truth, just doing what it does and isn't really evil per se. My own favorite theory is that the time in the ice gave it brain damage, and it was operating at a much reduced, bestial capacity; it's normal mode of operation must have been much higher, to build spaceships and all.

3. Dekker's kind of a mixed bag as a villian. On the one hand he's definitely evil, on the other hand that evil is serving a slightly greater good (for the moment, at least).

4. the Predator (or Yautja) are actually text-book evil to me. Their totally selfish, self-centered, and ignorant to the validity of other ways of living and other lives. 

5. Vampires have always been sort of the prototype "monster-victim". Their monsters, yes - but only because of circumstance. Of course, they can embrace their dark nature. One thing i liked about the Twilight franchise is that it shows two types of vampires: those that sort of accept this "gift" and fit in with humans as best they can, and those that just go full on psycho-dark.  




 well you know what they say - you want people to give a shit about your horrific murder, it helps to be pretty, blonde, female, and american. I doubt the people looking into it are going anywhere, regardless of likelihood of success.  




 fuckin' autocorrect. 




 I wish'em luck. My guess is their not going to uncover anything of note because whoever did this is obviously being protected by the people who know they did it.  




 my general attitude is that with modern technology, there is pretty much never a time that a high speed chase is the correct answer. The risks to bystanders are to high, the risk of harm to police and the suspect are to high, the risk of property damage is to high. If a suspect is of a mind to run, just let'em run and catch up with them later. 














 they also sell it the other way around.

Now, i'm not necessarily against brass-knuckle style handguards, but i gotta think a hammer's not the ideal place to put one. At all.  




 Sure, was kind of big news a few months ago:

[Article 1](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/01/us-usa-pennsylvania-chainsaw-idUSKBN0MS4WR20150401)

[Article 2](http://crimefeed.com/2015/04/pennsylvania-teen-comes-home-find-parents-mutilated-chainsaw-murder-suicide/) 

[Article 3](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/chainsaw-murder-suicide-pa-man-hacks-wife-coroner-article-1.2170005) 




 For me it's all about family. The gods are a distant, unattainable sort of notion; my ancestors are something i can identify with.  




 i gotta say, i'm so jaded by sword canes that if i saw a person with a cane that was not obviously purely therapeutic, i would assume it was a sword cane.  




 /r/worldnews is fucking appalling. It's one of the very few subs i've considered unsubbing from because of how incredibly toxic and obnoxious the userbase is. 




 I used to hate /r/news content, so now i post the content i wish was being posted there. To moderate success. The problem isn't the users, it's the posters who post gigatons of shit-news about bullshit. 




 Life's about more than money. 




 That was my thought, too. I mean usually when i see something awful like this i figure the guy was blitzed out of his mind on meth or drunk or something. To know he was sober? That's just chilling. 




 I ain't sure i'd want to eat near a shooting range - i'd be concerned about lead contamination. 




 that you think the modern government has any bearing on why i think the confederates are scumbags says a great deal more about you than me. 














 It's pretty trippy to think about, because the comic acts like they've been together forever, even though in story time it's only been a few weeks at most. 




 Snowden's not a traitor. A traitor has to act with intent to harm the country or to aid our enemies. He didn't intend to harm the country, but merely to draw attention to it's policies.

I consider much of the actions of our intelligence agencies to be anti-american in nature, and certainly something that goes against our values as a country. 




 Bet those'll be collectors items soon. 









 Would i have memorials celebrating the lives and deeds of traitors against my country removed? Why yes, yes i would. Maybe i'd build a memorial on the site to the innocent people they killed for their own selfish reasons, instead. 









 I wish texas would secede, they could stop being a national embarrassment for us. 




 Damn straight Robert E. Lee is a traitor. That so many buildings bear his name is a shame. 

And certainly we were traitors to the throne of britain; I consider it a necessary and just betrayal, but a betrayal none the less. For that reason i'd not expect britain to build monuments to our great revolutionary war heroes, nor would i expect them to name buildings after them! Actually i gather that in the UK, the revolution is small potatoes because at that time in history britain was involved in a much larger conflict, and it was basically a footnote in that.  




 Found the guy with a traitor for a great-great grandfather. Do ya'll still own the plantation, or did you have to sell it off once you couldn't shore it up with slave labor anymore? 









 I wonder how much time in-universe has passed in 2 years real time - i bet it's not very long. 




 I just wonder what the daily life was like before this; were there any warning signs or was it just a gradual buildup until this happened? 




 indeed so, it was an absolutely unimaginable betrayal. Something on the order of *2%* of the entire country died during the war; it was a staggering and almost incomprehensible waste of life and potential. 

To do anything to honor or memorialize these traitors is disturbing and disgusting, and affront to all those who died because of their treachery.  




 But then who'll fleece tourists with the "we caught a snake and are going to kill it unless you buy it off us to set it free" gambit? 




 I think it's a boat-burning effort. By committing atrocities, they make it less likely governments will negotiate with their fighters to surrender, making it more likely they'll keep fighting instead. 









 I don't consider the vast majority of mass shootings to be terrorism, but i would say charleston fits the bill. He attacked civilians with the hope of achieving a political end (a race war, no less). That's practically terrorism defined.  




 A lifetime of therapy in his future, i'd think. Walking in on your dad stabbed to death by his own hand while your mother lays dead - that's not something that's going away. 




 Confederate soldiers were no more americans than a cockroach is an american. They were traitors who took up arms against their brothers - betrayers and thieves and brigands. Nothing more than that. 




 that's a tragedy. It should say something that emphasizes that the confederates were ignorant traitors and that building memorials to them is like building a memorial to the dog shit on your shoe.  









 No sweat, you might also be interested in [Opus Dei](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Opus_Dei) - their a large (92,000) member organization of particularly devoted catholics. Their known for their secrecy and strict rules. 




 i check most of them every few days, i suppose, if i don't just add them to my friend feed and constantly stay up to date. 




 I could see a few situations that might lead to it. One would be if the catholic church was, genuinely, threatened by some external force - perhaps if terrorists targeted many priests in europe and abroad. In that case the "crusade" might be in the form of guards for churches and priests, rather than a traditional one.

Another big one might be if a country launched an attack on the vatican, and (for whatever reason) the rest of the world refused to sanction them for it. A firebrand pope (or one who was deranged because of the attack) could call for it. 

It'd be a big (even huge) deal, and not something the church would take lightly, or that the world would sit idly by for. The only question would be if anyone cared enough to try and stop them (or if the risks of stopping them outweighed the likelyhood of further uprisings). 

Intriguingly, there are still a few knight orders left - the [Knights Hospitaller](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knights_Hospitaller) are still kicking around, along with [a few others](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_order_(monastic_society%29#List_of_military_orders) - they could see a resurgence (and rearming). 

As a side note, if a group as disordered as islam can have *several* on-going, persistent military operations, someone as organized as the catholic church could certainly manage one. 




 No more server busy errors, better integration with other types of media (email + google plus + youtube); probably we could start using google drive easily to host files, which might be pretty exciting; shared and collaboratively edited documents would be a godsend for places like /r/futurewhatif or /r/worldbuilding

I think it'd be a net postive, we'd lose some users but gain some users. 




 We'd have to make a few assumptions - the biggest one being he has some reason or motivation behind calling the crusade that's reasonably compelling. it's not just "hey let's roll" it's "because of these reasons, we must take up arms and defend Christendom itself!" 

People would answer. How many and of what quality i couldn't venture a guess, but people would answer. Probably enough to mount a fairly serious expedition somewhere; definitely enough to run a guerrilla war.

if they could get a country on board (say, brazil or italy) they could do some *serious* damage to someone. 

Either way, true believers will flock to such a cause, regardless of how crazy it might seem in hindsight. 




 It's kind of a big checkov's gun - i'm curious to see how it plays into things. She's got more knives on her than most people own!  




 Shit, why not build a statue of hitler? he killed less americans than that traitorous fuck Davis did.  




 A fucking weird case with a fucking weird conclusion. 














 when someone's legit to scummy for reddit, they should assess their fucking life choices. 




 As with so many who feel regret, he was ok at first but just took it a little to far - and that's when it punished him. 




 what could possibly go wrong with that plan. 




 if you can pull stuff out with hoppers, you could use this as a god-forsaken form of storage buffer... 




 rumor has it that when they fully reverse engineered and comprehended McAfee, six men went insane and another four were never able to look at a computer again. It was *that bad*.  




 I don't have any problem with the guy refusing service to anyone, provided he's up front about it. I mean i'd never shop there, but it's his store and he can do what he wants. 




 the entire friday the 13th TV series is about this very premise: they go around collecting cursed objects and containing them.  




 Cube came instantly to mind. 




 Looks like an awesome game! I'll have to give it a try, me and my partner are always looking for new coop games to play online; they seem a rarity. 




 someone could post news about nethack and some asshole would stroll in to say "not a roguelike" and then nope out again. Just the nature of the sub. 




 but then authors, publishers and distributors couldn't double-dip. 




 One advantage of having a near monopoly like walmart is if they say "we're not doing it anymore", it can just flat-out decimate the supply in some areas. This'll push confederate flag gear into flea markets and low-rent dollar stores where only the lowest-rent motherfuckers would buy it, and that's a good thing.  




 Tough rocks, life ain't fair.

edited to add: i'm sure it's just like every other captured soldier and defeated military in history - suddenly *no one* really wanted to be there fighting and everyone was coerced and haha, can't we just go home now, thanks? 




 Yeah, i'm hopeful there's some solid forensic evidence.  




 I gotta think people who seek to kill other people for fun are not generally the most intelligent people, or the best at long-term planning.

Like [Steven Zelich](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/steven-zelich/) - he just dumped the bodies by the side of the road, even though he had *already gotten away with the crime*. Until those bodies were found, the investigation was going nowhere into both women's disappearances. 

Criminals are generally stupid. 




 I don't care if indexing starts at 0 or 1 or 1000, just be consistent about it. 




 They made a choice by joining up, they made a choice by not deserting, they made a choice by taking up arms. Whatever they get from that choice is entirely on them.  




 i dunno about that, but if a psycho wanted to lure people, i can't think of a much safer and easier way to do it.  




 didn't say he was smart. 














 I post the news i want people to read. If you want people to read other news, you should post it. Be the change you want to see in the world. 




 That's just good sense for *any* trip. Where you're going, how long you'll be back, what to do if you aren't back. 




 yeah people should post more bernie sanders circle jerk posts, and more obsessing over the confederate flag (of all things).  




 The american west would be the western part of the country, where the deserts and rocky mountains are. It's more dangerous than the eastern part, in terms of natural hazards.  




 I suppose it'd depend just who it was they killed. If it was a murderer or something - someone we'd sentence to death - then i have no problem with it.

Honestly, eating someone is probably less disturbing than the way funeral homes treat corpses. That shit's straight up disturbing.

But in the end we're just meat. Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, and all that - whatever happens to us after we're gone isn't nearly as important as the lives we lived. Even if we get eaten. 




 I gotta agree, and this is certainly something that's been born out by experience. When you have any organization that's not accountable to anyone (and effectively, that's what secrecy does), it's apt as not to end up incompetent as a result.  




 True that - healthy, well-adjusted people don't do murder-suicides.  




 Oddly enough there was another murder suicide that left a kid about that age alive, recently. I can't imagine they'll have an easy life. 









 I remember hearing about this kid years upon years ago, but i always just chalked it up to a fluke; somehow he got aids and just didn't spread it to anyone else.  




 Tell that to the guys pulling in six figures doing it. 




 Free room and board on the state for at least a few months would be my guess. 




 I only read digital books - any physical book i buy is basically a conversation piece or a display piece.  









 I'd assume he'd get something pretty serious for that. You really can't go around punching people in the back of the head, let alone cops. 




 That entropy really does always win, and that humanity really is doomed to extinction one day.  




 this sounds a lot like "imposter syndrome". You feel like you haven't earned your success. But i would say that since you *are* successful, you are competent and skilled in your area.

Besides - how would anyone ever find out if you *weren't* competent? If you made a mistake, you could always just blame it on external circumstances or a misunderstanding.

I guess what i'm trying to say is: Relax and enjoy the life you have, you know? 














 I think it's important to show the real-life aspects of things like policing. That we have cellphone video of the incident is particularly enlightening.  









 I think it's easy for people to get complacent. They know the trail, they know themselves, what can go wrong - and then something does go wrong, and it all falls apart. Thankfully it's really uncommon though. 




 It's actually pretty common for trail deaths to make news - they aren't very common, and tend to involve large search and rescue operations (like this one did).  









 Fair enough, but that's still way high up and probably thinner air and such. Must be a hell of a view up there. 
























 reddit fired someone, people are pissed, a few subreddits have gone private as a result. 




 Yep. This pretty much transcends gender and has a lot more to do with Lee being such a famous author and such a notorious one.  




 At this point, reddit would be smarter to risk the HR fallout and talk about what happened then let people continue to cook conspiracy theories about it.  




 I've worked hard to be pretty fucking lenient about what qualifies as "world politics", but this is fucking ludicrously not politics. It's not even *remotely about* politics. 

Might as well start taking posts on Jim at the local McDonalds and how he's totally shafting people by only giving them 2 squirts of ice cream instead of the mandatory 3, or something. 




 Wait, harper lee's a chick? I always thought she was a guy for some reason.  




 it's beautiful is what it is. I haven't seen hardly any shit-posts hit the front page all fucking day. It's been all either interesting content, or content i could acknowledge is interesting to someone. 

It's like how a park is always empty right after a big storm and you can go hang out and ride the slide without any asshole kids looking at you funny for doing it. 




 That's alot of "might" and "maybe" and it presupposes that the intelligence we create is both able to be modified in such a way, that we'd have the know-how to do it, and that it isn't able to bypass it by some means. That's a tremendous, enormous risk. 

I'd honestly rather have an AI that had zero safety precautions in it than one with half-assed ones, because the one with zero we at least *accept and know* is dangerous. It's just like how bicycle helmets increase injury: if you think you're safe, you take unnecessary risks. 

It also, of course, presupposes that we're not stupid enough to have it accidentally destroy us with our own, perfectly reasonable requests. Which i have no faith in, personally.  




 Yep. And if you're some mentally ill kid who wants to be famous - this is the easiest and fastest way. Grab a gun, go blast some people, instant fame, attention, and even internet fan girls.  




 Displays a marked lack of imagination: 

1. People have survived jumping from bridges before. While it's typically fatal, it is by no means universally so.

2. When Ariel Castro killed himself, i threw a little party to celebrate. Not every death is a tragedy. 

Also, why no phone number on the sign? "Make the call! Hope you know the number, though..." - that's just poor implementation!  




 I think that - among all the literary genres - horror is the most flexible and most pliable in terms of format. That said, i think most creepy pastas are basically in the same vein as lovecraft's "At the Mountains of Madness" - a "true account" from the perspective of someone who's discovered something abnormal and either wants to document it or warn others off.

The other big format would probably be the "letters" format - where people communicate back and forth about some strange happening. 

both are pretty venerable formats, although updated to the modern age in the form of web pages and text messages instead of scientific journal entries and letters mailed back and forth. 




 I find how much reference material i need is directly related to how interesting the project is. 




 it's always surprising to me when someone's attacked in a parking lot - It's a big open area that tends to have people arriving unexpectedly, and all that.  




 Indeed so. A mass shooting is the single most efficient way to have the whole country talking about your agenda.  




 That is my fear exactly: that they have an agenda they want to push, rather than any interest in doing honest science.  














 Sure, and when it convinces someone to let it out, everyone can be very surprised.  




 I'd just rather not be here when it transitions to the next step, if it's all the same.  




 It's like having a sealed metal can of an unknown substance sitting on your desk. The person who gives it to you tells you it can be anything from an elixir that'll let you live forever to sarin gas to bubonic plague to distilled water to a cure for cancer - or really anything at all. 

Would you open it, if you felt the threats were authentic? 

It's like that, only it's with the entirety of life on earth. Creating a new *type and form* of intelligence is unprecedented and totally unpredictable. To even experiment with it is dangerous, because we have no idea if we could *contain the experiment*.  




 Pointless to even try to gauge the risks or come up with mitigation strategies. You can't defend against what you cannot understand nor quantify. 

It's inevitable that we'll have a GAI at some point, and when we do, whatever happens after is anyone's guess.  




 That's how i feel about it. The guy probably got scared that whatever he had before is worse than what he has now (which ain't much). 




 I wonder if you could truly call this theft, or extortion? Or some combination of the two?  




 The palestinians live in a paradise compared to the american south post civil war. The south was in ruins - and there was *no help coming*, and *no one gave a damn*. It is not an apt comparison to say they were anything like the palestinians.  




 that was possibly the darkest music video i have ever seen. 




 put another way: in 2012 there were 14,827 murders in the US. This would represent .8% of them.  




 Yeah, different people value stuff differently. Like i have no problem paying even for a game that's totally free (dwarf fortress) because i enjoy it so much. 




 nonsense, it's full of bad scary news because bad scary news gets clicks. 














 I just post the news and let the site decide, but it's pretty depressing how the site decides sometimes. 




 Well, Canada *is* america's hat, so i can see how it'd be appropriate.  




 Ramen + mixed vegetables + egg. you can make a pretty passable dish out of those 3 ingredients mixed together (or separately). 

Alternatively, Spaghetti, cheap pasta sauce, mozerella cheese + bread. Make a bowl of dipping sauce out of olive oil, serve with the bread. It'll class up an otherwise simple dinner. 




 Edward Lee is 100% pure amazing.  




 Indeed so. When i gotta piss and am out and about, my first thought is not getting filth on me from the typically filthy bathroom, and my second thought is relieving myself and getting the fuck outta there. I could care less who's in the stall next to me. 




 That's true. There's a lot of doom-and-gloom and malthusian thought in environmentalism; we should be focusing on mitigation and adaptation, not how bad things are going!  




 Urinals are fucking disgusting anyway; i hate even seeing them, let alone *using* one of them. 




 that's how i feel about it. Hopefully this puts an end to the matter (but somehow i doubt it) 




 Seeing weird clusters of murders like that always makes me a little suspicious.  




 I wouldn't spend 25$ on it because it's not worth 25$. It's like saying "why won't you spend 25$ on this hershey bar?" - because a hershey bar ain't worth 25$. Nor is Hearthstone. 









 That's pretty much how i feel about it - the shotgun's actually my corpse-recovery weapon of choice, because it is so indiscriminate with regards to hit location.  




 It's not to bad, really. I mean it's got a horrible signal-to-noise ratio, but it's not really fury-inducing for me. 




 considering how horrifically corrupt and inept the brazilian government is, i have little faith that anything'll be done past enriching a few embezzlers. 









 Surveillance perhaps, to establish her routines. An unfamiliar party wouldn't just show up and stand in the road in the woods with a loaded gun and hope some random stranger happened to walk or jog past before too many passing motorists noticed them, would they?

it'd be more likely they were driving along and happened to see someone out alone, if it was a stranger. Target of opportunity and all that. 




 Honestly, i don't even know what to do with someone like that.  




 What's creepy is when it happens once - and then never again. 









 Not only evil, but disgusting as well. 




 Definitely possible; Gacy dominated the news for a long time. His dying before being caught helped keep him out of the spotlight (though the trials of his accomplices were big news at the time, i gather).

 




 That's actually kind of amazing, really. 




 Oh no, that's .5 seconds of the catholic churches income!  




 They prefer to be called "former dolphin" or "retired dolphin" i believe. 




 I kind of doubt it for a few reasons.

First, most biker hits are loud, messy, and obvious. Biker gangs survive on fear, so they tend to not be very subtle in how they kill people. They'd mow her down in a public place or fire bomb her house or something, not just shoot her in the head on a quiet road. 

Second, how would they know where to find her to do the hit? 

Third, if they were tied up with a gang enough to get killed over it, you'd think there'd be some mention of that somewhere. It's not something they could keep quiet.  




 From what i gather, a few things contribute to his lack of notoriety:

1. He happened before serial killers were a big media phenomenon

2. People in the area have largely just tried to forget him 




 It's pretty legitimately difficult to find someone actually *worse* than Corll. He's almost in a class of his own. 









 To me what leapt out about this article was this aside:

Wilson's death was the fourth murder this year in the town of 23,000 people, Armstrong said.

that seems pretty high considering it's only july. 




 My skin looks normal in real life, but in photos it always has a kind of reddish tint to it. I don't like it. 









 Definitely a bit of that. 




 Indeed so. Much of the past will be forever a mystery to us because of just that. 




 I'd honestly prefer we study him until we learn whatever we can to help predict and prevent people like him from acting, and then just execute him. He's got no business being alive, let alone sitting in prison eating food and watching tv and living a decent quality of life. 




 There's a few things.

Firstly, it sets up a divide between gun owners: sporting users and self-defense users. divisiveness is not something to be fostered.

Secondly, it opens the door to excluding or limiting weapons based on their (perceived) sporting use. Anything that places a limit on the type and form of firearm that can be made or sold is inherently wrong. 




 You think brevik can be rehabilitated? For that matter, you think he deserves a *shot* at rehabilitation? 




 Probably either someone who knew her, or a thrill killer. 




 If it wasn't accepted and believed by *someone*, it'd not be published. 




 I have no clue what they used on the video, but if that's the real world version of CSI's "enhance", we got some distance to go before life imitates art! 

I'm not particularly surprised no one got involved - it happened very fast. And, I'm not sure that getting out of your car to get involved in an altercation like that is the right choice; what if it was a setup to steal a car by luring someone out of it and just hopping in and driving off? 




 Got anything meaningful to contribute? 









 I'd just find other crazy mis-identifications it has and point them out, too.  




 I think whenever someone commits a really hideous mass crime like that, they should be given to the US to deal with. We got ways, and all that. 




 i think the challenge would be finding a serial killer who was not, in fact, pathetic. 




 Truly so. And a true romantic, if the letter he wrote to his (deceased) wife and left in his desk is any indication.  




 If i could clone one human a thousand times, it'd be Richard Feynman. Maybe he wasn't the smartest man on earth, but he was damn clever and a very good communicator. 




 Jet fuel is a fuel and not particularly corrosive. I am not surprised it can't melt steel.

Now fire, on the other hand - that'll turn steel into putty.  









 Livestreamers  are a constant rolling shitshow. 

As a side note, as someone who's done some software development, having "superfans" of the product is probably the single most double-edged sword in existence. They can do great advocacy and get more people to adopt your product, but they can also be total fucking nightmares to work with because they can be very demanding and entitled.  




 Livestreamers  are a constant rolling shitshow. 

As a side note, as someone who's done some software development, having "superfans" of the product is probably the single most double-edged sword in existence. They can do great advocacy and get more people to adopt your product, but they can also be total fucking nightmares to work with because they can be very demanding and entitled.  




 In theory we can learn alot about the past, but much of it is conjecture and there's no way to really prove one way or the other that what we think happened is what really happened.

For example - going by fossil evidence by it's nature omits evidence that wasn't fossilized. This is a serious omission, because some types of tissue and some types of environments just do not fossilize well.  




 Stewies more forgivable to me because family guy is such an exaggerated, over-the-top type of show. Plus since the episodes are barely connected, it's alright that he's had zero character development.

Bender on the other hand... 









 I will never forgive the NRA for pushing guns for "sporting use". The sporting use concept has done more harm to gun owners than almost any other gun advocacy i can think of. 

The NRA can go fuck itself: it'll never get my money and it'll never represent me. 




 Right? I mean I would show up with the assumption i wasn't going to get hired, just because of how many applications they toss and how good their selection pool is. Why not hire the very best, if the very best are knocking down your door to work there? 




 Bender is like Stewie, if Stewie was even less likable and had fewer redeeming or sympathetic traits. 

There's generally two kinds of assholes on TV shows: Lovable losers who are messed up but good hearted, and unlovable losers who are just annoying. Bender is (about 90% of the time that I've seen him) the latter.  









 Must have been a horror show on that train. 









 Honestly i'd probably like new episodes, but the old episodes i've seen so many times i can't stand them now. 




 I used to like futurama, until cartoon network played it into the fucking dirt during adult swim. 




 Was big news a few months ago, if i remember right. Damn strange, and a real shame. 




 Evidently, quite a bit. 




 I'm surprised one's worth that much dead, honestly. I wouldn't think they'd be good eating. 














 we survived *200 thousand years* without oil or coal or what have you. I'm sure we'd pull at least that long again without them, in some form or another. 

Hell, it may be that "modern life" or "technological life" is just a total anomaly that'll collapse and be forgotten across the time scale of humanity. 




 It'd be great. We could give them billions of dollars, and then their (corrupt) government could just lie about emissions, and everyone would feel great about themselves. 




 At this point, there's almost nothing that i can think of that would convince me to have cable TV. It's just nothing something i can ever see myself needing or wanting again, because the value is just not there. 









 oh man, i don't keep track at all. 

[This is a fairly recent study on it](http://www.vpc.org/studies/amroul2012.pdf) - PDF Warning.

I think the most important thing to take out of that is this line, though:

"Currently, no comprehensive national database or tracking system exists to systematically document the toll in death and injury of murder-suicide in the United States."

as to gender breakdown, though:

Of the 378 homicides, 288 victims were female, 89 victims were male, and the gender of one victim was not identified. 

and that sounds *about* right, to me. 




 Pretty much how i feel. I don't condone murder, but if the man was killed, i have to think it's a case of him getting what was coming to him. 

His family should be humiliated to even mention that they knew the guy, let alone that their his family. 




 Pretty much. After the fucking chinese wrecked american manufacturing, this place turned into a fair approximation of hell with more greenery. Once you get into the smaller communities, it's drugs, teenage pregnancy and neglected buildings as far as the eye can see. 









 Policing is a limited resource. There are not - despite what people think - infinite investigators, funds, and forensic capability to throw at every single case. Especially decades cold closed cases of suicide.

There are *plenty* of *actual* [unsolved murders](http://spdblotter.seattle.gov/catch-a-killer/) in seattle - they should be getting the priority, not another dead junkie-rockstar. 




 I gotta google news alert for murder suicide, and the amount of stories that hit it is fucking *astounding*. And it's almost always something totally tragic like this, too. 




 It's almost like hygienic standards that say "don't crawl in mud" exist for some reason. Who'd have thought?  




 As always with these sorts of could-have-been weapons, i wonder not how successful they would have been, but rather what complaints the troops would have had about them.  









 [Or maybe this guy should be working on some of the *actual* unsolved murders Seattle has.](http://spdblotter.seattle.gov/catch-a-killer/) Of course, solving the murders of people who aren't rich and famous doesn't get you spots on documentaries. 




 nice try, i'm from appalachia, that looks like most of the communities in the area. 




 It's gotta be an interesting place, but i so rarely hear about it in the news.  




 Yeah we should totally deregulate the healthcare industry! That worked out great in the era before regulation, when they sold radium water as a cure-all. 

God forbid we be more like nordic countries, which have some of the happiest, most satisfied citizens on earth. Clearly it must be hell to not worry about bankruptcy everytime you get injured, right? 




 sure, if you're rich as fuck and don't mind spending it on doctors, we have *great* healthcare.

of course, if you're not rich as fuck (or don't feel like dropping thousands of dollars a day when you stay in the hospital) then we're not so awesome. 




 can't be worse than what we've got now. 




 If it's not reproducible, it's not science, it's something else. 




 practically the definition of [Thesus's Ship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus) at this point:

Now, all that can be seen of it is a skeletal frame

 the Calypso was in the Singapore harbor when a barge accidentally rammed into it, sinking the boat to the seafloor. It took days to bring it to the surface 

I mean the boat's been severely damaged, sank, stripped of it's entire outer hull. All that's left is the inner frame and a few parts. I'm not sure that you could call it "The Calypso" and be honest if it was restored - it'd practically be a new ship! 




 I'd argue it's more *inaccurate* than sensationalized, but i could see how someone would see it that way. 




 That's a very good question, really.  




 It's gotta be so incredibly demoralizing to the people who live there and to the utility crews. I mean i can't even *imagine* living in conditions like that.  









 that's pretty bone-chilling. What level of suffering couldn't be justified by saying "maybe society will profit from it some day"? 




 i took the title straight from the article - i did not sensationalize it. 




 This is nothing less than amazing, man! This would have saved me SO MUCH frustration building multiblocks, keep up the great work  




 I left the title as it was hoping it'd stir some of this sort of discussion. My first thought on reading her account was that she must be living in pure mental anguish. 

And most heart-breaking: 

Death feels to me not as a choice. If I had a choice, I would choose a bearable life, but I have done everything and that was unsuccessful, she said.

It sounds exactly like every other chronically ill person who seeks an escape from their torment.  




 The story of the "Volunteer Legions" is a pretty interesting one, and this is a pretty interesting artifact of it. 














 you can just go [Full On](http://www.ruffwear.com/Products/dog_packs) if you want your dog to be useful in the field. At least you can make the little punk carry his own gear!

My favorite dog-cessory is actually [Cut Armor](http://www.hardcorehogdogs.com/Cut_Gear.html) - it's used by hog hunters to protect dogs from the hogs, and looks pretty insane. 




 This is why they should wait for the 4th of july to launch - at least they could claim it was a fireworks show, then. 




 It's baffling. Assholes like that live in a world 100% of their own devising, and have no meaningful contribution to make to the discussion other than highlighting how ignorant some people can be to the truth. 




 I always preferred hobbes anyway. 
 




 Indeed. Plus, negative framing: they didn't have to *prove* anything, they just had to shit on Kerry and people put the onus onto him to prove that he was innocent, rather than on his accusers to prove his guilt.

In that kind of environment, the winner is whoever has the best PR team, not the best man.
 




 A fitting name. I'm pretty sure most people i've told about him don't really believe me, or think it was a 2-3 time event, not something that happened on an on-going basis for many, many years to many, many people. 









 that's such a whitewashing of history it's staggering. 




 Jokes on them, they say "international banker" and i envision some swiss dude, not a jewish dude. 




 side  bonus, foraging will raise your survival skill nicely. 




 I've always found the worship of Xipe Totec particularly interesting because it's so over-the-top brutal. 




 Yeah, this is Mr. Smith goes to Washington level of naivety.

That's how i feel about the entire hype-train surrounding sanders, honestly.  




 To me the situation with John Kerry showed how absolutely powerful framing can be. 




 I believe it. It would seem that there'd have to be a very careful balance between getting power to the piston vs. venting the pressure. I'd also bet that malfunctions would be frequent 









 I don't know shit about israel - my guess is that the isralie government would simply refuse them immigration or deport them if they caused any problems.

Other than that, doomsday cults have in the past left. Notably the Jim Jones cult left america. It just all comes down to where they go and how much trouble they cause when they get there.

 




 getting between a fracker and their money is like getting between a rabid bear and it's food. You just can't win. 




 That's exactly how i look at it. 




 For a real challenge, try finding *anything* with ask jeeves!  




 yeah, if Okinawa was any indication, an invasion of the home islands would have been a screaming nightmare for everyone. We'd burned most of tokyo down and were firebombing japanese cities left and right, but it still would have been an awful struggle (i recall hearing estimates of a half-million dead american soldiers!) 

I think by that time *everyone* was done with the war and ready for it to end.  




 I'm guessing it's fine - bad players will be self-selected out, anyway. 




 I'm a big Lana Del Rey fan. 




 Some people can beat Doom in 15 minutes. Doesn't mean doom is an easy game, just means with experience you can do it faster. 
























 apparently 3 of the 4 are in custody, their seeking the 4th (who beat the thing with for 30 seconds with a baseball bat, evidently).

I hope they all get locked up and spend some time thinking about their actions.  




 I hope it fixes the lightning issues! 














 A tour in iraq is safer than many things - we're very good at combat life-saving these days.  









 Shit, why not make all drugs legal? Why not sell nerve gas on street corners? After all, any reasonable regulation is the "slippery slope to fascism", we should just live like anarchists forever.

Smokers litter all over parks (i have never been in a park anywhere that didn't have butts in it), they ruin the smell of the place, and they can take their nasty habit somewhere else instead of a place meant for people to enjoy. 




 No one knows when their numbers up, to be sure. Fucking depressing to think about, though - one minute it's fine, the next you're gone. 




 that's why i rarely read the comments even on shit i post in /r/news - everyone tries to out 4chan each other being stupid over tragedies. It's pretty sickening.  




 that would be my guess - the guy rolled and accused jared of some level of involvement. If it's true or not, who can guess - not find out anything until more info's dumped. 




 Maybe, maybe not. Only time will tell.

I can guarantee these things will be so expensive that if they do work, they could only be used for very high value targets - would probably limit their effectiveness, somewhat.  




 I don't do anything shady, but if i did, i wouldn't do it on tor. It's a giant honeypot, one way or the other. 




 i'd consider it extremely cutting edge, high-risk research. If it'll pan out or not is anyone's guess - but i'm guessing it'll never be reliable enough for weaponization, unless we make some kind of serious break through.  




 Lol, law enforcement officer's stolen gun? Guess we need tighter gun control laws, right? 




 It'd look less like the revolutionary war and more like the iraq insurgency. Probably be lots of sabotage and sniping and IED's rather than outright "battles" in the traditional sense. 

Would just come down to how much it cost to give in to the insurgency's demands vs. continuing to resist.

America's a vast area with extremely varied terrain. Would be almost impossible to keep an eye and ready firepower on even most of it, let alone all of it. 




 Probably fell down a hole or into a ravine or something, and just got stuck down there. Can happen to anyone. 




 I think i've found a junkie who covers up their acknowledgement of their addiction to cigarettes by lashing out at people who want to help them.  




 Good. The fewer places people can smoke, the better. Shit is a menace.  




 There's a tremendous amount of space in the sky, but everyone in the sky is going to a few set points, across a few set routes, so it's much smaller than it would otherwise seem.

That said - mid-air collisions are pretty uncommon.  




 Fucking tragic. My sympathy to the families of the people in the cessna, and i hope the F-16 pilot makes a swift and full recovery. 

the best we can hope is that a lesson's learned from this and future accidents of this type can be avoided.  




 Was a really weird case, i remember when it was fresh. Definitely racially motivated.  




 My favorite Frederick Douglass quote:

"To suppress free speech is a double wrong. It violates the rights of the hearer as well as those of the speaker." 




 I think the main problem with Clinton is that she's just not exciting as a candidate. She'll win - of course - but she's not someone people get enthusiastic about. Kind of a safe bet, in a way, like buying a toyota. 




 I wonder if they'll ever get it working. 




 Am i the only one concerned the chick on top is gonna fall down and hurt herself? :/ it doesn't look very safe.  














 Yeah, i strongly suspect the truth is a lot more "i got high and shot someone" and a lot less "i found a gun that magically went off" 









 Qualia, yo. You're expressing that your qualia is different than other people's (which it certainly is).  




 that's kind of what made the story interesting to me. It seems pretty open and shut; why bother to even figure out why beyond "he was crazy"? But there they are, trying their hardest to figure out what happened and the why's of it. Very odd.  




 Got that right. I consider the confederacy to be nothing more than traitors, and shameful ones at that. Hell - the confederacy killed more americans than the nazis did. 









 First time i fought a shoggoth in CDDA, i was taken totally by surprise. Those things are nasty. 




 me to!!! 




 indeed so. I mean not only is it a total non-sequitur for where he lives (minnesota has as much to do with the confederacy as mars does) but he should have known that being a volunteer fireman is an honorable and prestigious position, not a platform to do political activism from.  




 It is indeed a racist shithole. A few days ago i posted a story about some multi-felon who shot someone in san fran, and i legit barely noticed the guy was an illegal immigrant. An *enormous* number of people in that thread were squealing about "trump being right" and how this is somehow standard behavior for illegal immigrants.

I was honestly a little taken aback.  









 I gotta say, of all the things that are bizarre about this case (and there's more than a few oddities) this guy sitting down to do an interview with a news crew before he's even gone to trial has to be the strangest.

it's not even a dumb move: it's a *catastrophic move*. It's like playing chess and you decide to dump battery acid all over your self in lieu of moving a piece.  




 damn peculiar, makes me wonder if the people involved were a little nuts or if the area is rough or what. 



















 Indeed so. 









 can't say as i blame them. situation like that the advice is "get out if you can get out" 




 George Zimmerman

here was a guy who could have been *something*. He could have leveraged a tragedy into helping people. He could have used the cameras pointed at him to accomplish some good. Hell, he could have done some advocacy for some cause.

Instead, no, he just turned his own life into a giant shitshow and continued to make terrible choices.  




 Fireworks are pretty astoundingly dangerous if you're at all careless with them. Used properly their not to awful (if from a legitimate source) but the minute someone improperly uses them, it's bad news.  




 Having been in a similar situation, that's some shit you never really get past. Images will haunt that dude for the rest of his life. 




 thanks to the great god Alcohol, i can see it happening just like that, actually.  









 I'm not some carebear who thinks we should coddle criminals, but it's abundantly clear to me this is a sick kid, not some kind of vile criminal. That she's not getting the help she so desperately needs is a complete and total failure of the justice system and our society. 














 Like any medication, there's good and bad to it. Overall, their beneficial - they certainly save more lives than they cost - but their not a purely benign substance. 




 The heart of irrational behavior is to do the same thing over and over and hope for a different outcome. It's clear that negotiation and conventional military intervention is ineffective. Something new must be tried.  




 translation: If you're rich, white, and have a good excuse, you can own all the guns you like. Anyone else? Tough shit, guns are for people better than you!  




 If you're a citizen of america, you got as much right to say what you think america should do about ISIS as i do, being a citizen. The idea that you have to be an expert to contribute what you think we should do is false. We're a republic, that means we get a voice, even if it's just what our gut tells us. 

Me? My gut tells me all this violence and barbarism is a sort of boat-burning: their saying they won't negotiate nor surrender, that we either have to fight them until they cease to exist, or accept them existing. Given the two choices, i'd prefer we wipe them out. 




 With more communism, yes. 




 What do you recommend, sternly worded letters and negotiations?  




 "We can get a tech guy from disney to shove some animatronics into the corpse, make it move, nod, sign bills that give us whatever free ponies we think we deserve. Simple!"  




 Well spoken. People forget that having kids isn't some mandatory thing, and that it's a choice people make rather than something that *has* to happen.

And yeah, we do need more vacation time in the US to be sure. 




 That's exactly why i'm not running a business right now: the regulatory and legal hurdles make it just not worth my effort to put everything in and risk getting nothing out. 




 Wonder how many people take the leave and then just never go back to work. be a nice surprise for the employer expecting someone to come back only to find out - Psych! - they'd rather wipe asses instead, thanks for the paid vacation before quitting. 




 I can kind of see the logic in it - the juvenile justice system is just not geared to deal with schizophrenic murderers (nor, i think, should it be).  




 Wait until electric vehicles are the norm, and this shit's mandatory everywhere.  




 I fucking love that song. 




 You'll never find out how on reddit.  



















 I wonder if the lawyer being named Roger Jones is a coincidence or a family member. 




 Life isn't about need, but that said i've often needed a machete-type implement when doing yard work.  




 Yep, and sobbing now that the gravy train has come to an end. 




 Also it's stupid as fuck, looks absolutely moronic, and is impractical to boot.  




 The challenge here is less turning it into a worker's paradise, and moreso keeping it that way for any length of time given the vagaries of human nature. 




 Indeed so. I mean looking at the current crop, "My parents are mormon doomsday preppers" is a hell of a lot more interesting than the Elio motors "ama" (really more like "ask us softball questions so we can get some free marketing") that's further down the page. 


 




 I dunno what the story is with this kid (I mean, typically speaking a 4 year old does not just go missing one day and no one report it!), but i want whatever software they used to generate the image of her. That thing is very nearly flawless!  




 I considered most AMA's just giant marketing ploys, so i don't even consider a decrease in quality of them a hit to the site, overall. 




 I'm a (reasonably frequent) content poster, and i could give a rat's ass about any of this bullshit. So long as i'm still getting upvotes and generating conversation, i'll still be posting to reddit. 




 It continually baffles me how much people over-estimate their privacy online.  




 nah, sounds like garden-variety bad luck, really.  




 indeed so! Just like many countries have no serial killers. 




 lemme tell you, this shit is a microcosm of modern life. People get all worked up over absolutely trivial shit, and then are shocked when real problems keep going unsolved.  




 Well earned!  




 I gotta think that's the case almost everywhere. By nature, homeless people are difficult to get a solid number on, and tend to move around a lot. There's just big parts of any given society that don't show up in official facts and figures.  




 that's actually my first thought when i see something like this - was it a design fault, a maintenance fault, or user error? It seems like it'd be safest to just assume as many people as can fit on the deck will be on the deck, and to build accordingly.  









 They desperately wish they were.  




 I kind of disagree with packing weapons in with the toys, but some of those honestly don't look *too* awful.  




 That's most certainly a crime. Hell, that's probably like *5 or 6* crimes. 




 I view it as a sort of inevitable evolution; people'll get tired of it soon enough and then find some new thing. 




 Just goes to show how far you can get not understanding the underlying principals!  














 They might not have understood germ theory, they might have had no clue how the disease actually spread - but they certainly knew how to stop it getting into port (or at least put forth a good effort).  




 Never, ever, trust the state. Constantly watch it, constantly call it to task, perpetually challenge it, but never, ever trust any state nor any part of any state.

That said, part of the state's job is to maintain order, to enforce laws, and to bring what measure of safety it can to the citizens. And part of that is a well managed, monitored, and questioned capital punishment system. 

I certainly would not approve of a capital punishment system that denied due process or that operated in secret, or something like that. Not at all. 














 I meant more the police, but if no one in the house is talking then maybe they genuinely don't know who did it, either.  




 if financial cost is the primary consideration of justice, then i weep for this country.

We accept numerous - infact, almost *innumerable* - trade offs every day concerning safety. More people have died because of bee stings than wrongful executions. 









 Gotta be one of the strangest shootings i have ever heard of - a 2 year old and a 9 year old shot in the torso (but alive), taken to the hospital in a car (rather than an ambulance), four adults and 3 other kids in the house and they got no clue who shot them?

Absolutely strange. 









 So now the tune changes from "we need tougher gun laws (that criminals will ignore)!" to "we need to start confiscating guns off law abiding citizens, for their own good!" 

Nice way to move the goal posts, there. 




 I almost have to assume it's something to do with my video card, or my OS or something. I'm sure they'll hotfix it soon as they figure out what's going on. 




 with me it's dark 24/7 more or less, with night being *really* dark. Sometimes restarting the program helps, sometimes it does not. 




 "damnit marie i told you to throw the fucking things, not hold onto them!"  




 I've always been a staunch supporter of captiol punishment, for a number of reasons. Foremost among them, there are some people who are - at a word - irredeemable. They commit crimes so awful that they cannot ever be trusted to return to society, they show no ability to ever be rehabilitated. 

Keeping such a person locked up removes them from threatening society, but it does nothing to prevent them harming other prisoners (who may have committed quite minor offenses), it does nothing to prevent them influencing people on the outside (this woman could seek to contact her living children, for example), it does nothing to stop them escaping (as those two killers in new york did recently). 

If a person cannot be redeemed and cannot rejoin society, then the best thing for everyone is an execution; it limits their suffering and it protects everyone from further harm.

I think this is probably the most i've ever written about my thoughts on the matter at one time, hah.  




 Incompetence to stand trial is (perhaps ironically) not really about mental health: it's about mental *state*. Someone can be totally batshit crazy, and so long as they realize what they are doing is wrong and a crime at the time they do it, they are mentally competent to stand trial.

One advantage of the competency system is that when we find someone to be incompetent to stand trial, it's pretty non-controversial - [Just check out this guy, for example](http://www.nj.com/morris/index.ssf/2015/01/immigrant_from_mexico_who_speaks_aztec_language_declared_mentally_incompetent_to_stand_trial_in_2011.html)  




 Shipped off to a mental hospital until the doctors find she's safe to release into society or she dies. 

[John Hinckley Jr.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hinckley,_Jr.) would be an example of  someone who was found mentally incompetent. Because it's a notorious case, and is quite long-lasting, we know more about the treatment and outcome than most such cases.  




 the bar for being found incompetent is *exceedingly high*. Almost no one is legally incompetent.  




 It's really weird. On the one hand, she acknowledges she doesn't feel bad about what happened. On the other, she takes full responsibility for it, and expresses no desire for leniency. .

My natural inclination is to say she should be put to death (it isn't like she can be rehabilitated!), but since that's not possible in her state, being removed from society forever will have to do.  




 There's apparently two convictions that they don't say what they are - a quick google doesn't turn up what they are, either.  




 I thought this was just me, they need to seriously fix the brightness levels to be usable.  




 I gotta say, having the mod system set up like that is a ....crappy design choice. 

puts on sunglasses and walks away 




 The gun laws that made it illegal for a felon to purchase a weapon? Because he couldn't legally buy or own a gun in any state, due to being a felon. 




 haha one can only imagine the discussion that must have taken place in that car.  




 san francisco (and california) have extremely strict gun control laws. This guy wasn't a citizen *and* was a felon, so he could not legally buy guns in any state. Any weapon he used was illegally acquired. 




 Sorry for your loss.  




 I was a little surprised /r/news stayed up honestly. 




 [there are actually bullet proof backpacks you can get for kids.](http://www.thedenverchannel.com/money/consumer/bulletproofing-your-kids-at-school-bulletproof-backpack-put-to-the-test)

Companies like [AR500 Armor](http://www.ar500armor.com/) sell relatively cheap body armor (and it's back ordered in many cases because it sells so well!) Something like a concealment plate carrier would work well for every-day wear.  




 To me, san francisco is actually most mentally connected to the Zodiac Killer. 

edit: and Full House.  




 Actually, Mega City One only [rarely uses the death penalty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mega-City_One#Law ) - typically for mass murder or what we might call treason. 

Of course, a great many perpetrators get gunned down, but only in self-defense by the judges. 
 




 Tumblr's just like reddit: follow shitty subscriptions, hate it. Follow good ones, it's awesome. 




 that's fucking horrible, i can only imagine how awful that'd be to see.  




 And if he had attacked a plane, you'd be saying "they should be taking these concerns seriously!"

Security people can't win: If they take concerns seriously, they "go to far". If they don't take them seriously they "aren't doing their jobs". It's a no-win situation, but i'd prefer they err on the side of safety than on the side of being incautious.  




 sounds like a reasonable outcome. People had concerns, reported the concerns, and the concerns were dealt with in an efficient and through manner. it sucks this guy was inconvenienced, but it's not like they beat him with a rubber hose or something. 




 yeah, this has "dumb kid" written all over it; i definitely don't think he was malicious in what he was doing, just thoughtless.  




 these could probably be grown with zero herbicide and zero pesticide, interestingly enough. 




 Honestly, i'm a little surprised too - i barely noticed that detail when i read the article. 




 It's amazing what a company can do when it has huge revenue and a desire to have the best people for the job.  




 that's pretty crazy and TIL! 




 guy definitely made a poor choice. 




 The thief driving a BMW is pretty strange, to be sure. And targeting a news crew is pretty uncommon, especially in daylight and considering the difficulty of fencing the cameras. 

I dunno, maybe more'll come out of it, but at this point anything seems possible. 
 














 I've heard conflicting things - some say it's bad, some say it's alright in moderation, etc. I generally only do it if i have no choice and it's for a very small span of time. 









 there were long, dark periods where i was just grinding and grinding and grinding for cpu, and it sucked. This might well fix that. 




 Thank christ, there's nothing worse than styrofoam for actually keeping food in. The containers break to easy, they sweat horribly, and they sometimes half-melt in the microwave. Whatever replaces them's gotta be better than that. 




 I actually usually point to Karla as proof that the justice system ain't just.  




 It's definitely a strange crime. 




 hopefully if he gets it, someone blows his brains out. The man's an animal, plain and simple, and it's an injustice to humanity itself that he's allowed to still be alive. 




 right? It'd probably make it to frontpage if i couched the title as something about worker's rights... 









 Since this post has no business even *existing* i figure i'll go a little off script. 

Actually true story: yesterday i went to wendies, and they were (evidently) training a new girl at how to be a Wendies worker. So my g/f gets a Frosty. The new girl kind of heaped it up a bit (so it looked like an ice cream cone). No shit, the manager told her that was to much to put in there and that it should be level with the cup and to remember for next time. Right in front of us, no less. 

I almost thought about bitching to corporate about it, but decided not to.  







































