 Thanks, appreciate it  




 Yea I've learned that now, being from the northeast I thought it was always sunny and nice there, learned my lesson on that trip  




 Yea I realized after I submitted it that messed it up but didn't feel like changing it, my bad  




 Yea, the cat is always the master in the relationship  









 It was taken on Atlantic, it had been raining my whole trip and then the clouds broke while I was going to lunch  




 Yea we did, it was an awesome place and nobody was around, we couldn't believe it  









 Yep, my girlfriend and I were playing cards up on the lookout when I took this  




 Lexington Park here, just joined Reddit and found this, I've been here a little over a year
 












































 Your username is awesome, I feel like we're late to this game, but we were pretty pumped about it 









 This one was the only one we had a hard time with because he had such a good personality and we got attached but the others haven't been bad. We've fostered probably 10 now. 









 Normally just microwave them  









 It's going over the bridge on Atlantic  




 http://www.fatgirltrappedinaskinnybody.com/2011/04/bacon-egg-cups/ 














 Thanks! 




 Never been to Wisconsin though I have spent some time across the lake from it in Michigan 


































 He must've worked for this company

 http://assmann.us/ 









 Taking me to Uganda, and then it's a flip between typing N for United States of America, or S for USA 









 We were happy with the turn out  




 I actually read your first comment wrong and thought you were asking if it was ice cream, sorry. If it was ice cream, there wouldn't have been time to take the picture because we would've eaten it already. 




 No, it's just layered white cake and red velvet. Then the blue is white cake with blue food coloring. 












































 Its normally $8.99, but it was their lunch special that day so it was $7. 




 That's it, didn't even know that they had a website, just found this place this week.
 




 The mayo is actually the bit of green on the bottom layer since its mixed with pesto 




 St. Inigoes General Store in St. Inigoes, MD 




 Really? Whereabouts? 




 BTW, the place I got this is a little general store called St. Inigoes General Store and it was a huge surprise when I found out they served food this good. 




 Mozzarella 




 East coast, the Chesapeake Bay area, sorry 




 Its mozzarella, and it was delicious 




 I live in southern Maryland 




 $7, not a bad deal
 









 Rumors today were that apple is releasing a gold colored iPhone for the 5s  
























 I really don't know looking back on it, regret not keeping him sometimes, but I'm glad he found a good home though.  




 We actually had a really hard time letting him go, surprised we didn't keep him 




 He got adopted and is in a good home  









 Blue Moon 









 I was trying to throw it from the sink behind my back into the trash can and it miraculously landed up there, horrible shot. 









 Exactly, you got it  









 Must've been it, how thoughtful 









 Cool, I live about an hour south of DC  
























 Yea that's the point I've reached after biting it for the 30th time during breakfast this morning. 









 This actually made me lol  









 In a 400 level electrical engineering course:

*Awkward guy in class raises hand in the middle of the lecture*

Guy: Whats a derivative?"
Professor: You're telling me that you're getting ready to graduate with an engineering degree and you don't know what a derivative is?"
Guy:Well I know what it is"
Professor:Well then explain it"
Guy: ............."

*Class busts out laughing and the teacher goes back to teaching* 




 In a college algebra class as we're discussing inequalities:

Girl: Wait, why are there letters and where's the equal sign?"
*Class gets awkwardly silent and the teacher stares at her for a good 10 seconds in silence*
Teacher: The letters are variables or numbers we dont know yet and there's  no equal sign because this is an inequalitity"
Girl: If there's no equal sign then you can't do anything"
*professor turns back around and goes back to teaching

She dropped the class the next day 




 No, Maryland 









 A little back information: my Dad and Grandma were notorious for playing pranks on each other when they'd visit each other, putting stuff on each other's face while they slept, my dad hid a full bag of trash in her car when she went on a trip back home, etc. Well it was Christmas in like '97-'98(I was about 9) and we had received a package from Grandma and were supposed to open it on Christmas Eve. We open it to see a bunch of what look like gourmet chocolates, so we all enjoy the evening and each the chocolates without anyone noticing. We get a call from our family who lives near my Grandma and they're just laughing it up and barking throughout the entire conversation, come to find out that she ate all the actual chcolates and dipped dog food bits in chocolate and repackaged the box. Come to find out, apparently chocolate covered dog food isn't that bad tasting. 



























































 I did in r/pics when I first started submitting to Reddit, was going through old posts and noticed that I probably should've put it in r/gaming. 









 Scumbag: So who's the new boss?"

*homeless guy walks in*

Scumbag: Oh Shit"  














 I know its not the same kind of cat, but this reminds me of Homeward Bound so much  












































