









 Yes, no business, no moneys.  




 Plot twist, it IS your dad. 




 Yea, he is really getting downvoted to hell. 




 Yea, I work in the restaurant industry, tonight is going to be terrible. 




 Up next- tornado fries! 




 by Jack Handy 




 Definitely common on boardwalks as well. 




 The only available runningbacks that weren't kept (1st rounders anyway) are Jamaal Charles and Shady McCoy. I'm leaning towards Shady at this point, and grabbing a bigger name reciever with my second pick...thoughts? 




 Ugh still don't know yet. A Pete, Aaron Rodgers, (Aaron Hernandez lol) the more I think about it, the more I think Megatron might be taken. What else could I go for? I was thinking maybe CJ Spiller, but like I said, not sure who is being kept. Our commissioner is kind of lackluster this year with relaying information. 




 The kicker is that the guy with the very first pick has a hard-on for Tom Brady and is almost GUARANTEED to pick him. I'm looking at Megatron or Shady McCoy. Any thoughts?  




 Wow! It looks like when I play Kerbal Space Program drunk. 




 Who are you talking to that regards this game as the best ever, Rockstar employees? I have never heard of anyone calling GTA IV as the best game ever, or anything remotely close. 









 8 years ago, I used to sell weed. One day, me and Momma Dukes got into a bit of a tif, (I was 17 at the time, so the argument was pointless) and all of the sudden she says, "Ya know what?" and proceeds to walk up into my room, a few seconds later, comes walking down the steps with a quarter pound of weed I had in my room. She throws it at me and tells me, "There's no way you are smoking all of that bud!" (My Mom, 48 at the time, referring to my weed as "bud," was shocking enough, on top of the fact she found it) She then tells me she already called the cops..I walk upstairs and put the weed right back where I had it. I come back downstairs and my Mom let me sit in absolute fearfor about 10 minutes until she told me to get rid of it, I was a moron for doing it, and she didn't call the cops. That ten minutes, I thought I was fucked. 




 Reddit. 









 Makes sense, maybe I should devote more of my time to wasting it on Reddit... 




 Heard that. 




 Remember AOL? Young redditors don't. 




 It took me FIVE YEARS to get this song out of my head, ten years later, IT HAPPENS AGAIN!! DAMN YOU TO HELL, here's the most nostalgic upvote I've given so far. 




 I was expecting a math equation. Still, I'll take some boobs.  




 You're welcome good sir. Good day to you. I SAID GOOD DAY! 




 Sometimes I wonder...do some of these people READ comments before making a comment that is almost exactly like one made a few comments before...then I think...this is Reddit...so no. 




 How would I like my BLACK coffee? In a cup? Yea, don't just splash it on my face. 




 After reading everything, watching the video..I've come to realize that this guy is a total dickbag, and what he did was absolute garbage. I have no endearing things to say towards him, and I certainly hope he gets all 4 years in jail. What you did was help our government further their fight towards "owning," the internet entirely. Thanks asshole. (Oh, the people with the Guy Fawkes mask at his press conference, 100% serious? Wow.) 




 It wasn't the booze...it was a front wheel drive slowbalt ss that caused this :( 




 You're* 2 hours later, and we are just catching this? Somebody must pay. 




 Are you reading them all right before bed too? Terrible idea...but I can't stop.... 




 MCA from the Beastie Boys...only time I've ever been upset over a celebrity death. Guy was awesome, Beastie Boys are no more. :( 




 I see what you did there. 




 Fuck.  




 I have given up social networking for lent...I mainly use twitter and facebook, my girlfriend gave up pinterest and fb, as that is the only social networking she uses...we are still debating, should I have to give up Reddit too? 




 It's the smile.  




 Worked right out of high school as a cabinetmaker for 5 years. Realizing how depressed everyone in my trade was due to money and general unhappiness, I looked at myself and realized...time to face facts, I'm gonna encounter some shitty times if I go to school and work a shitty job...I'm now enrolled in school, on par for President's list, and loving every minute of it. (I am in school for computer networking) Quite a change, best decision I've ever made. 




 I can't upvote this enough. I believe this is a dream that all well-qualified, yet underpaid workers have. Good luck at your next job, hopefully better pay with less a-holes. 




 Such an awesome AMA! Never heard about  you before til now!! Cool to see you do a straight up, quick response AMA.  




 How did you know that producing edm was or you? What was the thing that just made it all click for you? Also, Philly soon? :) 




 Sexy...but the wrong place. 




 You guys are just plain cold with all these jokes. 




 I'm down voting because, why are we still talking about Kazaam?  




 Guess he is skipping all of the valuable advice from this thread and coming right from your intelligent idea.  
























 My job is great, but we are a 24/7 center so Sunday mornings get pretty slow. 









 I think I can, I think I can.... 




 Not many times where I wish I could whistle...right now is one of those times. 




 While I was a bartender/server, I had to work the day after my birthday. Now I had never gone out for my birthday, even at 21. I would always party at my parents house. So I underestimated the phrase- "Hey it's my birthday!" Needless to say, I got hammered. Woke up on a friends couch who proceeded to wake me up just to wake and bake and start drinking again, completely forgetting I had work in a few hours. About an hour and a half before my shift, I remembered. Oh no, this was not good. Got a ride home, showered...that's about all I could do. I got into work and immediately my co-workers were calling me out. They were all pretty cool so management was unaware. We ended up getting really busy in the afternoon, and I was holding the fort down great, I thought. Right before I leave, my General manager pulls me and and lays it out. "I don't know how you did it, but you did a great job today, and not one customer complained that you were fucked up while working." She proceeded to let me know to never do it again (obviously) and I went home with one of my best Sunday afternoons (Tip-wise) that I had ever had, oh, and a horrible hangover.

TL;DR: Bartended and Served drunk and high after my birthday, customers didn't know, manager did, made lots of money and no trouble. 




 Great answer. 




 Imagine if you were driving an older car that didn't tell you exactly how long you had left....THAT is nail-biting. 




 Pepper spray. Yes, I hate that person. 




 Ah yes, good ol' edit 634053...those were the days. 




 Really though? Take essentially an entire frontpage post and change Reddit to Buzzfeed? C'mon, try a little bit hard. 




 Oh no, he got some from Jenny and Carly, they were switching, remember? It was in edit 645234. 




 Cris Carter, Tim Brown, and Jerry Rice. 

Ryan Leaf could QB for that team. 




 Yes, you are. 




 Well that's a given. I do that everywhere that is 5+ minutes from my current house. 




 I have even more cautious optimism about this upcoming season! 




 Ah I've seen both sides, both have pros and cons. 




 That will definitely NOT annoy me. I am one of the few around this area that doesn't seem to be in a crazy rush to get to EVERYWHERE. That gets me kind of excited.  









 We are both Network engineers and make decent money. We are prepared for the typical move stuff, but don't know how to handle moving out of state. 









 The duck face.

I hate it so very, very much. 




 I hope at least .500. I think the off-season is extremely crucial this year more so than previous years. 




 This...I shouldn't have read this at work. Such a strong lady. I will be hugging my mom extra tight tonight. 




 A lady in front of me at the grocery store couldn't find her credit card in her wallet and started frantically calling her husband and panicking, so I picked up her grocery tab without second thought. She started crying and hugging me. She asked for my info to pay me back and I just told her to help another fellow stranger one day. 




 Any update on the CL guy??  




 This happened to me...twice. Not cool ladies. Stop that shit. 




 While I was sitting at work at my desk alone


Not one person in the office, nor the building


Silence surrounds me, broken only by keyboard taps


Occasionally the printer spools, or phone rings


This is a normal Tuesday night


Unfortunately, the normalcy ceases here


I hear ghastly noises


They slowly escalate


Paralyzing screams


Silence. 




 Heroin is legal in Portugal, and I heard that stuff is pretty addictive. 




 I would LOVE a custom intake manifold from you. That would look gorgeous. You do damn fine work my friend. 




 Dexter Morgan.  Even though it's his show, and you are supposed to love him, he technically is a villain because he's a serial killer...of historic proportions. I still love his character though. 




 Faggot. 














 Now introducing, an organized place for anything about Jenny....   /r/jennyisawhore 




 So this is my second year of doing Extra Life, because last year was so awesome I am even more excited this year. So I live around Reading, PA and I am good friends with someone who is allowing me to use the back room of his bar, for most of the marathon, so if anybody in the area of Reading, Pennsylvania, swing by Klinger's on Carsonia and come to the back room and hang out and play games for the cause!  




 45 minutes since last update...RIP OP :( 




 My dads brand new truck is totaled. Multiple friends have totaled vehicles, I'm also berks county with confirmation. Craziest thing I've ever seen. Glad I had a carport to cover under. 




 This is beautiful. 




 I think the important thing to look at here is that a lot of servers are struggling college students and although a lot of people would brush off 200 dollars, it would be a huge help to almost every server I know.  




 When my friend calls his significant other "woman," or some other disrespectful term. It's really not cool and you sound like an asshole doing it. They're engaged now... 




 Django Unchained 




 Yep, I had seen them in Philly earlier this week, it was an excellent show. 




 And the bear jumped in the ocean and yelled "That's racist!" 
























 You are correct in that it's not English... I think it's Swedish.  




 I wish I didn't listen to the recording. I don't know what nar could be, but mummel is a word to describe quiet, low-level speaking. There's gotta be a meaning behind the name narmummel... 




 #IDARB is an indie game on Xbox One :) 




 Seriously... 




 Vagina. 




 Button up and dress pants with slip on shoes.  I'm at work...and apparently will be uncomfortable for the rest of eternity. 




 Inglorious Basterds 




 The Colts, I am a huge Andrew Luck fan. He's legit. 




 Tom Brady. We get to watch Super Bowls that don't include the Patriots. The world is a better place. 




 RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! 




 Awesome!! Keep making killer tunes guys!! 




 My coworker's lunches. 




 He also probably thought- "Damn, Wolfgang Puck loves his gnocchi, he ate it SO fast!"  




 Donyell Marshall 




 Nope, it would be empty because everyone would be on the next reddit-esque site that has anonymity.  




 I hate asking such a cliche question, but my favorite responses always come from folks in the EDM genre. Do you do anything specific if you guys need a boost of inspiration or creativity for a new song? Also, can I get an autograph? You guys are awesome!!!  




 Dude, what the fuck? You're bleeding..but why isn't your blood red? Because I.... 




 Well...this isn't cool. I got murdered by Diablo. 




 Is there anything you refuse to eat?  




 What is more fun to work with, (attempting to not be biased towards your own show) The Kroll Show or The League? 














 I like to think that luck was on my side that day. Never again.  




 A beautiful, majestic picture of Super Mario in space from Super Mario Galaxy. 




 About tree fiddy. 




 Abigail Ratchford 




 Yea that's all I could really think of at work. Wow...there's a namedrop I (thankfully) forgot about. Yea...yea let's replace Wheatley with that scrub. NOW it's really bad. 




 Let me just rewind this tape here... 




 I try to not remember that. Those were some dark days. 




 He won't do a damn thing with a shit offensive line. He was ok, but had a solid front line. 




 I was actually planning on that next week lol 




 We were statistically the worst tackling team in 2014. That's not good. 




 Shit, forgot about him. 




 I really, really like this idea. I used to write stupid little short stories when I was about 13-16 and I just kinda stopped. Looks like I found my restarting point! 




 They were traded to the Raiders and forgot. I was pretty excited to see them in black and silver too. 




 Present, past, or both? 




 I could've added him to the exception list, but for what he was, it was sub-par. 




 It was like watching 12 year olds trying to tackle a college player...didn't happen. 




 QB: JaMarcus Russell

RB: Tyrone Wheatley

TE: David Ausberry

WR: Darius Heyward-Bey

WR: Doug Gabriel

2006 Season Offensive line

2014 Season Defense minus Charles Woodson and Khalil Mack

 




 Looking over the comments, I received a couple very good ideas. Now it's just doing them. 




 brb 




 Great ideas. Especially the last one. Thanks! 




 3 minutes later, I'm back on Reddit. 
























 So glad I just moved to Raleigh :) 




 Megaman Legends 3 :( 




 Beat me to it. Dammit. 




 Can you imagine if Bowser was the good guy and Mario was a villain? 




 She's legitimately nuts. I found out shortly after hooking up with her, twice. She held a knife to her ex boyfriends throat when he wanted to sleep for work the next day instead of having sex, I told her that was it between us the next day. I received CONSTANT calls for the next couple days, then it turned occasional calls. Finally, nothing. Fast forward two years, she now has a baby and (to my knowledge at the  time) she had just broken up with her boyfriend. Also at this time, it had been awhile for me and I had a couple drinks. She called me with the sole intention of having sex, so stupid me went and did it....twice again. It was the same thing, oh why don't you wanna be with me until finally she let loose. "Fuck you asshole, my boyfriend will be here any minute and he's gonna know about this!" I laughed directly in her face and saw myself out of there. He calls me twenty minutes later, I told him my side, he ended up staying with her and not really being pissed at me. Fast forward to now (almost ten years since we originally hooked up). In the past year she has contacted me, seemingly friendly. Until she starts asking questions like, "Do you think it could still work between us?" and other stupid, bat-shit crazy things like that. I respond the same way I always have for the past 9 years. "Nah, we are two different people, would've never worked." Today, I just moved from PA to NC the other day, somehow she caught wind and was all "Oh I'm gonna miss you I wish we could've been together, at least one last time before you move." HUNG UP immediately. 


So yea, that bitch is still crazy. 




 Have you seen her recently? I'll have sex with any female 46 yr old if they look as incredible as her. Also, Kate Upton would be up next, she's only 20. :) 




 Dammit, there goes my plans for the weekend. 




 Born, died, revived, got older, didn't become handicapped as expected. Experimented with a lot of drugs, still not handicapped, now I'm a network engineer. 




 Anyone? Sex. Definitely

Look out Jennifer Aniston. 




 I was walking to 7th grade math class when a commotion quickly swept the school, so fast that it seemed like the whole school found out and knew about this in between periods (about 7 minutes). I sat down and the teacher told us that it was now a study hall, and we all just watched the news in shock, and the rest of my classes for the duration of  the day all turned into study hall's while we just watched the news in every class. About halfway through the day, our principal came over the loudspeaker to announced exactly what happened, and that we will have the news on every TV in the building, so we can be up to date with such a brutal moment in our nations history. 




 :D 




 "and for JaMarcus Russell to continue to underperform."

Boy, they put that REALLY nicely. I still wake up in the middle of the night from that nightmare. 




 Raghib "The Rocket," Ismail 




 Trust me on this, nobody forgot about Nnamdi in Philly. The entire city hates him. 




 Shawn Alexander. Dude was an absolute monster...for a short while. 




 How does a misspelled title still get on the front page? Do we have no respect for ourselves anymore, Reddit??

PS- Sweet blanket 




 X was so sad that day.  




 It says HER so you win by default.  




 Play more video games. 




 Sounds good!  I'll take the upvote over your butthurt.  




 Shut up nigger. 




 Woooooooo 




 "Dad I'm gonna win a million dollars," then he hangs up on him. What a dick. 




 Well sit down and play some games! 




 The Sandlot. 

"Remember kid, there's heroes and there's legends. Heroes get remembered but legends never die, follow your heart kid, and you'll never go wrong." 




 edit- 

1. Sell the Mac

2. Build a PC 




 I don't feel so bad now. 




 There's no monsters under your bed. 




 Kelly Kapowski. 




 Upvote for upvoting my appreciation for an awesome car. 




 Solid list. Only thing I would add is SOCOM 




 Where does Whatsapp come in? I'm lost. 




 upvote for driving an FTO  




 Now you can upvote. :) 




 People are just so sensitive anymore. 




 Of all the places, I feel like I just read hagabadla, in way more words. 




 Am there currently. Not fun. 




 Hagabadla 




 Sounds like hagabadla would've been perfect here. 




 It's more of a hagabadla. 




 As a person who trained all of my dogs, I agree. You can have an upvote while I'm at it too.
 




 I also call bullshit. 20 minutes? Who are you trying to impress here OP? 




 Yes, and I will not read this now.  
























 100k votes in 2 days man. TWO DAYS. Give it a week, this news is spreading like wildfire and Gabe isn't helping his case by dancing around direct questions. 




 Speaking for all food service workers on this one.


Walk in 5 minutes before close and order a drink, appetizer, and well done steak.

If you do this, fuck you and everything about you. 









 No, it's a trick question 'cause Chevy didn't make a 327 in '55, the 327 didn't come out till '62. And it wasn't offered in the Bel Air with a four-barrel carb till '64. However, in 1964, the correct ignition timing would be four degrees before top-dead-center.  




 "As soon as these fucking cunts leave I'm gonna light up a joint."

Beautiful. 




 It's a trick question. 




 Avicii - Levels (Skrillex Remix)

I love this song, but it seems like everyone wants to hear it...allll the time. 




 Still haven't gotten around to purchasing a Sony product. 




 Still not giving out spoilers for Last of Us!!! Awesome. 




 They ran with this idea last year when Jacksonville was the worst team and Alabama was the best, they also ran 3 of the other worst teams in the NFL.

PredictionMachine.com ran 50,000 computer simulations of the best team in college football, the Alabama Crimson Tide, vs the four worst teams in the NFL, the Buccaneers, Steelers, Giants and Jaguars.

Jacksonville won 91.4% of the simulations, by an average score of 32-13. The Giants won 95.4% of the time, the Steelers won 95.7% of the time, and the Bucs won 95.8% of the time.

[Source](http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2013/10/01/computer-simulation-suggests-alabama-would-beat-jaguars-8-6-of-the-time/) 




 I'm drinking surge. Still amazing. 




 American Bulldag uses Puppet

Angry customer is now confused

Angry customer ran away! 




 I have reached Trend-sendence. 









 Assassins Creed 12: Mace's Journey 









 They didn't light the candle yet dammit! 









 www.reddit.com/r/dogsbeingdeceptive


Let's do this. 




 Slender...
 




 I'm so let down, you said you would never do that. 




 Thank the video game gods I ruined some other kids day. Whew. 




 You don't live in PA do you, because my mom purchased a bundle eerily similar for 7 bucks quite a few years ago, hopefully it wasn't me walking out with your shit. I would kinda feel bad now. 




 What do you expect this country to be in 250 years? 




 Revolution! 




 I enjoy the fact that the video caption states they are all servers. Judging by the way the treat other servers, they are all fucking assholes. 




 Someone would presumably have to do it to you.  




 Groundhog Day 




 Not sure how duct tape WASN'T the first answer. 









 The internet is right. 




 Growing up, I was a pretty typical 90s kid in America. I loved playing outside, whether it's sports or playing in a creek, but I also loved playing video games with friends and especially playing against them in Pokemon. Days would wisp by as a child, with no cares in the world other than my family, friends, and video games. I had a few close friends in the neighborhood I grew up around, even the one kid who was a little younger that had lived in the borderline condemnable house, well call him Jack. A house with plain-sight cracks to foundation, old, dingy siding hanging off partial tears from the wall, and almost every window how some extent of damage to it. He didnt have much, but he had us, his friends. He would be ecstatic to come over for dinner and video games, as he didnt get the greatest of either at home. A small part of me as a child felt empathy, but he was such a good friend that it would always be overlooked that he is poor, he was one of us. Jack was an integral part of the small circle of neighborhood kids we had created over the years. 


One curious thing about Jack is that, although he was older, he seemed to be failing at aging, if at all. We were always told as kids that he had some complicated disorder that made him LOOK that way, but he always seemed wise beyond his years. He would always give advice that youd want to hear from an adult figure like an adult brother, but not quite a parent. The type of advice that was right, but wasnt coming from an authority figure like a parent, so you would actually TRY to listen to them.  Sometimes, he would say weird things and would immediately apologize, saying that he slipped. We never saw him fall, but he would always tell us he slipped. I remember him doing this quite often, and one time in particular, made me relatively uneasy.


Now we were all close friends, a small family if you will, so what Jack did this day was completely unexpected. As we were playing around tossing a football amongst each other, Jack just started shaking his head. It was a slow shake, until he looked down and started shaking his head in a more rapid manner. We all immediately cease what we were doing to help him, but it was already lost at this point. His head is furiously shaking, while he clutches his hair, to the point we thought he would rip it right from his scalp. It was this moment I will never forget, it turned my life upside down and inside out. It still affects me as I write this. In that moment, Jack stopped shaking, he looked at all of us with a look weve never seen, this wasnt Jack anymoreit looked like Jack aged 15 years in that 30 second time frame.




STOP THIS RIGHT NOW! IM DONE, ITS OVER! WAKE THE FUCK UP! Jack shouted, in a sad, but angry tone. I chime in after the dust of shock settled. S-stop what Jack? We were only tossing a football I was still shaking as Jacks voice rattled each and every one of us to the core. I saidWAKE THE FUCK UP TIM! Jack rattled again, this time directed right at me. I am now terrified of what is coming or, what may have already happen. I am enveloped by the emotional cocktail of fear, sadness, angst, and even anger. What are you talking about Jack, Im right here in front of you, wide awake, just like every day. Do you want me to get your Mom, or mine, or Tylers? I questioned him, still shaking in emotion. No Tim, I want you to wake up. I cant live here any longer, I want to grow up again. He replied, with tears welling up in his eyes. Im scared Jack, what are you talking about?? I said, completely enveloped by fear at this moment. Jacks knees became weak as he crippled to the ground, overcome with emotion, he seems angry but he is full on crying. After a few moments, he managed to mutter out a few words.




Thisnone of this is real Timmy. I hurt you, I hurt you bad. You wont wake up, and all I want you to do is wake up. I want to apologize to the real you.




In this moment, I was frozen. Not paralyzed, more so frozen in complete terror.  Out of nowhere, my head feels as if it was an overinflated balloon ready to pop. Writhing in pain a get a few words out to Jack, Whats.happening. My head, its going to explode! Jacks head perks up, with his eyes wide open now, he wipes away the tears and starts looking around. As the pain finally subsides after what seemed to be hours, I notice something odd. Everyoneeverything is gone except Jack and myself. Dead silence, I feel nothing, no emotion, no painnothing. It appeared that Jack had the same feeling take over him.




I tried Timmy, I really did. You werent supposed to hurt anyone else. I tried to stop ityouyoure just a monster.




Its back. The pain, the grueling headache I had just moments ago. I can only squeeze my eyes shut so hard, this is unbearable. I finally gain the strength to open my eyes and standing in front of me in a dimly lit, borderline-condemnable house, was Jack. The same, rapidly aged Jack I was just speaking to. Except I wasnt a child anymore, and we werent outside throwing a football. With very little light in this room, I could make out some electronics laying around, with a few wires attached to both myself and Jack, but I cant make out what is all over me. Jack sadly lowers his head as he begins taking off the wires. Whatthefuck Jack. WHAT IS GOING ON?! I inquire, with my voice getting louder with rage every time a new word is muttered. I feel it, the rageits taking over. Is this what Jack was talking about? What did I do? Who did I


FREEZE! DOWN ON THE GROUND NOW JACK! WE WILL SHOOT IF YOU MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENTS! WHAT THE FUCK? Who are these people and how do they know Jack? Better yet, why are they pointing their guns at me? Jack is right in front of me. Im not a monster of any sorts. It was then I realizedIm a liar. I instantly black out, and now Im covered in blood, and the light from the sun is peaking through an old doorway. I see bodies everywhere, but no Jack. I see my childhood friends, SWAT officers, a preacherand so many more. Who did this? As I question myself, I notice a dusty, half covered mirror catch a small ray of sunshine from his corner. I uncover it, and I know who I see in the mirror, but its not Tim. Tim is dead, they are all dead. I.amJack, and I will never be stopped. I am in every single one of you, dont suppress your Jack, or I will be the next thing you see in the mirror. 




See you soon. 




 Smoke a lot of weed. 




 Eminem 




 I want the truth!!! 




 Did you do it? 




 Did you order the code red? 




 Don't care if I'm working, I'm always down to help! 




 It IS the truth though. 




 I was dead, but thanks to amazing surgeons and modern science, I was revived after being born dead and I'm perfectly healthy today. Well, I'm a Redditor, so I'm not perfect. 




 Your Grandmom looks like Lindsay Lohan, after the drugs. 




 Out of all games, RE4? I would beat that shit at least 12 times in a week before my gaming career would end. 




 Could be a board game, video game, card game, etc. 
























 Progress my ass. Janice's father had just received a pretty sizable bonus and was front runner for the General Manager of the Furniture and Pie Emporium, which would've included a hefty pay raise as well. Why would he leave that position, especially considering the entire family's deep rooted ties to the community. THEY started the Neighborhood Watch (which ended up a big hit and reducing teen smoking), but, as we all know, Rawlins despised it as he was known to smoke cigarettes and they would always hassle him for curfew. Two big no no's for Neighborhood Watch. If these sheeple would open their eyes they would see that Rawlins has already been on-record saying Neighborhood Watch is "stupid," and they "don't need it." Don't need it? Teen smoking down 15%, Dad's are happier as they feel cool at night, Mom's can drink wine in peace while Dad is gone, it makes everyone happier. Don't need it Rawlins? Maybe we don't need you.

Mark's gold digging for voters and we all know it. Why have they never kissed in public? Can we talk about Karen's brand new Audi she came to school in? Her parents drive Chevy's because they are a middle class family. You think she got that all by herself? Part time host at Applebee's isn't buying you a new Audi sweetheart. 




 Let's not start with the whole Janice scandal that Rawlins was involved in 2 years ago. Is it a coincidence it was swept under the rug RIGHT BEFORE this campaign began? Where is Janice these days, did she really "move," out of state? I think this whole thing goes deeper than we can fathom, nobody2000. 




  it's a ~~repost~~

Remix. FTFY 




 Steamed broccoli  




 Cammy from Street Fighter 




 If he can't find it, it's right [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony) 




 Grant Hopkins is a good friend of mine!!! 




 Flyers fan as well 




 It's the thought that counts, right?  









 Keep me updated for the next meetup!!! I'm brand new to the area and this seems like a god way to meet some characters. 




 Me and my roommate would love to join, but we just moved from PA a month ago and don't have anyone else to join with us. 
 









 Hopefully your teacher sees this post somehow and learns it's always appropriate to credit the source. Lincoln is OP. OP is Lincoln! 




 but he is... 




 So, do you always repost front page material the very next day? 




 I'm so glad this is fresh OC that I definitely did not just see 10 minutes ago. 




 I bet he doesn't know how to use 3 shells either. 




 NFL stated he is not allowed in the NFL draft at all. 




 YUP! 




 It had to be said, nobody ever knows the context of why snowballs were thrown. Anyone want to bring up J.D Drew and batteries? There were TWO batteries and fuck J.D Drew anyway. 




 Yea, anyways..fuck J.D Drew. 




 Olivo was shitfaced drunk in a Santa suit, that's why they threw snowballs at him. Let's be real about this.

Edit- From the Philly area, also an Eagles fan. 




 The inventor of the dildo. 




 I'm immediately attracted. Asking for trouble? Yes, please.
 




 Holy shit...I'm terrified. 




 Make better games and charge for them. You know, like the rest of the world's developers always have.  




 Spell check. Fucking spell check everything. 




 or if Booth would've let one loose at the same time of the shot, and missed. One fart could've saved him... 




 r/mildlyinteresting? 









 Freemium games. 




 This is a PSA that must be seen EVERYWHERE! The world needs to know this!!

Have an upvote. 




 Megaman Legends. Because Megaman 




 *See- windshield. 




 Everything. They are movies, that's what they are there for. 




 I remember having the same skin. Awesome! 




 That's a little more realistic. Still seems a tad high though... 




 Craaaab people....craaaab people. 




 Can we make this a thing? 




 Let's not exaggerate here. 




 Engraved tombstone. 




 Agreed.  
























 Yes because if there's one thing I've noticed since moving here...the people are horrible drivers. 




 Very nice. I'm gonna check it out now. Thanks!  




 This isn't where I parked my car. 




 Maybe your mom is defending you, afraid you may have actually done it. Have you spoken to her about it? 




 Here's to hoping you're right. 




 I need an update, I'm kind of lost. 




 6 hours and no update? RIP OP. 




 You only wanted to meet up for kisses...but what really happened with Zach? 




 It was me, I mentioned the safe. I still lose sleep over what's in it.  




 I would like to join this party as well, as long as nobody makes fun of me for crying...damn onions. 




 Dammit OP, I was avoiding getting cursed for 27 years and you blew it.

PS- Good story! 




 Being brand new to the area...I feel like I want more info about the Greenway you all speak of. 




 Totally just got the same question ten minutes ago lol
 




 I can help with sports. I'm down 




 Nice try Lee. See you soon. 
 




 I was just having this conversation with my roommate!! Bullshit 




 Did you know Baraka died? 




 Doors hate him for this one little trick! 




 Goddammit Leroy. 




 Not the real safe. There were a bunch of hoaxes, but he just kinda disappeared.

Edit- There was a specific reason he left Reddit, I just forget what it was. 




 I work in the same office complex as you, where's your favorite place to eat lunch around here? 




 The goddamn safe. 




 Hell of a win! Way to deliver OP! Congrats. 




 Wow. This is nearly perfect. 




 Negative.  




 I honestly haven't investigated too much, when I get home I will be checking the logs and seeing how much in resources the game actually uses... 




 I loved doing this as a bartender. 

"Hey can you empty the hot water from the coffee machine?" 




 My trust issues are still lingering after that damn safe. I still occasionally check /r/whatsinthisthing in child-like hopes that OP magically came back to the surface with an unlocked safe. 




 There's the umm...

Oh yea, none. 




 I have been playing Unturned a good amount lately, but sometimes it locks my computer up, or just blatantly crashes. No other game or application has yet to crash my computer. Hell, I've run Crysis 3 on ultra high for hours at a time with no issue. HELP!

Rig specs:
Asus P8-Z77 Mobo

Intel i5 3570s cpu

8 GB DDR3 Ripjaws 

128GB Samsung 840 Pro SSD (OS use)

1TB WD Black HDD

EVGA GTX GeForce 760 4GB VRAM.
 




 I shit myself in my chair watching that. 




 She is gorgeous. No doubt. 




 I'm so screwed.  




 Fuck that my nieces saw that and now I'm the bad uncle who can't make these. A 7 year old is art shaming me.  




 That's what bothered me the most. 




 That was so awesome!! 




 Smoke a ton of weed with myself. I feel as we would laugh all day and night. 




 Hopefully they don't forget about us way up there. 




 Does anybody notice...it's a double rainbow!! 




 I love Reddit.  




 This one is staying blue.  




 Dick in a pie gets her every time it's been said.  




 Well Lisa was last week. Mark is currently with Karen as she has a broader reach in voter approval (speculation). Lisa was last seen sharing a pie with Connor, so it would appear he's still trying to salvage this campaign. Does Connor know something, or have any blackmail material on Mark, as he has been quiet throughout this whole poster incident, whereas Rawlins is flapping on about anything and everything. I think this whole poster incident has opened a Pandora's Box and I'm not sure this school is ready for such a deep scandal. 
























