 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old). 




 Anuses for eyes 




 Blank Space is my ladyjam. I'm 25 and male, I have no regrets. 




 A decent remake of Eragon. Seriously it's such a good book series, and that film was abysmal! 




 Life. *drops mike* 




 Out of interest, I googled- http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_in_Australia#New_South_Wales

Apparently one of the most liberal States there is. 




 I'm not sure of the legality in my area (currently Sydney, Australia), but as so far as defining it as prostitution, if you go by this definition; "the practice or occupation of engaging in sexual activity with someone for payment." then yes.

As an interesting side note, on a quick search there does seem to be a large number of businesses and individuals offering up said service in my area, on fairly public sites, so I'm not sure if it is illegal. 




 I'd have to say trade debt, politicians not being for the people any more, and the lack of serious action to restore the environment's health.

If I could add a few, it would be unequal wages, stereotype hatred/persecution and the "health and safety" hype of the past decade that has only increasingly spiralled further out of control, logic and belief. 




 None, I would be ashamed of our standard of "music" compared to his. 




 Pokemon Red/Blue (and Yellow, Gold, Silver and Crystal). Not necessarily the game itself, but;

-the struggle of playing as far as you can without the ability to charge your device during the game...

-the straining of your eyes as you try and decipher the dungeon mazes at gone midnight with their tinged colour screens (or grey for the older gen)...

-the social aspect of trading pokemon via a cable...

-the feeling of victory over GameFreak when you managed to successfully clone a pokemon using the trade cable technique...

-the fear of potential game loss and code corruption when you catch missingo as you attempt the item multiplier cheat... 




 It looks like a bird on fire, though it's skin is covered in a series of lined troughs and peaks... 




 Is that a...
...it is
That's a fucking shiny bauble that is...
Oh my god I want it... 




 When I realise the "up vote" button I'm pressing is the light switch, I tend to call it a day... 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 I don't know if it's common or uncommon, but I can hear when someone is going to come into a room (if it's quiet).

I don't mean footsteps or other noises that they make- it's hard to describe but the pitch of the background noise changes slightly when someone's about to enter the room I'm in.


Secondary one- I always gets hiccups if I have sex or masturbate in a certain position! 




 Similar thing happened to me at the back end of last year; my SO started spending all her time glued to her phone, even when we were in the same room (she'd purposefully sit so I couldn't see the screen), and would never leave it unattended.

Long story short she did one night and I found evidence that she had been cheating on me (emotionally and socially, though the physical side was actually in planning at that stage- I caught it in time to head it off).

So from experience, I sincerely hope she isn't cheating on you dude, even without the physical side it was devastating, and I wouldn't wish it upon anyone.

Best advice I can give is to sit down with her seriously and have a long chat about your worries. If she gets more defensive of her phone afterwards, I'd red flag it. Note- she may be using another app to actually chat, as snapchat's chat function isn't great, so it might be worth checking her phone if you get the opportunity.

Fingers crossed for you. 




 As unhelpful as it is, it seems like you need to have a very long think about what you want, and then a serious conversation with him where you lay it all on the table- what you're thinking and how you feel. It seems to me the only way to move forward is to have a frank discussion where you both are honest (even if that honesty isn't the answer you want to hear). Sorry for not being very definitive! 




 Short opinion- you should focus on your own career, as he seems to be doing. I'm sorry he seems not to be as committed in the relationship as you, it's horrid when one partner isn't putting in equal weight into things. 




 It does sound like you're both on different pages I'm afraid - communication, and that's both ways, is key in any relationship. The way she's reacting is toxic, but it may be the result of how she was brought up or treated at some point in her past.

Maybe try writing your opinions/concerns in a (well worded) letter- that way she'll read your opinions without an opportunity to interrupt. You should probably try outlining in said same letter how you feel about the negative direction your relationship is going, too, if it continues as it is Id recommend your best course of action would be to cut and run (as hard and harsh as that sounds). 




 Truth and communication are key- be honest with her about your fears, but try to explain it in a way that isn't accusatory.

Hopefully she'll be able to calm your worries and get on with your relationship. 




 This, so much this. 




 Hullo all!

Always enjoyed making new friends and chatting to new people, so reaching out!

Basic stats;
I'm 25, English, white and non-religious! Graduated from university with a 2:1 degree in Forensic Science last July.

A little extra;
I'm an avid writer, and I've had two published short stories with a third coming out sometime this year. I'm aspiring to get a novel (or many) published.

I love swimming, travel, animals, science (especially space and everything related), food, music, movies and books!

Even more;
I'm a self confessed geek, with major interests in Lord of the Rings, Pokemon, Game of Thrones and several other niche markets (including Games Workshop's book publishing company, The Black Library).

And finally;
I'm currently in the third year of a serious, committed relationship, and we are presently travelling around Australia together (arrived here in Oz in November).

Note;
I'm only putting myself up for email penpals, as snail mail is too costly on a backpackers budget!

Hit me up with a PM! 




 I've not played OR/AS or X/Y, so I can only attest for looks, but am I the only one who thinks that the Mega forms were a bad idea?

The pokemon look warped, mutated and, in some cases, utterly ridiculous.

Okay that could be said of many natural pokemon and their evolutions, but it just seems to far to me- it has an air of digimon about it (like armour digivolving or similar).

It may well help some of them in terms of stats/competitiveness, but I dislike how they appear. /myopinion 




 I agree, though you only need the therapy due to the trauma your family put you through. Nothing you did was wrong.

You might even find that it wasn't a majority opinion- some of your family members may have been there under peer pressure, so if you did send out a mess email/letter decrying their disgusting behaviour, you may get one or two supporting you/apologising. No guarantees, but it's a possibility. 




 This is sick (not you, their reactions).

Art is the expression of ones self, and sexuality is each persons own personal choice. The combination of the two is nothing to be ashamed of.

It was totally out of order for your family to treat you in such a way, and even worse for them to have destroyed your property.

If I were you (and I know it's not always easy to do) I would stand up for myself and tell them what they did was not okay. It's just as bad as them psychologically torturing someone for being straight, or liking cars.

I hope you get out of that abusive environment and find the freedom to express yourself. 




 Definitely the starter trio - http://www.tokyoluv.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/pokemon_01.jpg

Cutest, and it's the originals, can't beat that!

I'd maybe have them together across your upper back, or on three separate areas - either way I'd definitely get them all! 




 How much is the Umbreon hat? It's my favourite Eeveelution! 




 So I was looking over on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_%28video_game_series%29 at the timeline of releases and wondering what you guys thought; do we get the next generation this year, or do we have to wait for next year?


As an aside, does anyone know what month they're usually released in (if they have a usual or set month)? 




 Literally just posted on your original thread, then saw this.

Good on you for taking action, glad it's sorted. 




 A bit late to the game, but sorry to hear you have an ex like this.

I've traded pictures with others before, and would have never dreamed of spreading them around if I still had them. 









 That was my thinking. I didn't mean that they'd reboot the original games before the Z or XY2, but I think that would be the next step, bringing the red/blue (or green) up to a ds cartridge (3DS id presume). 




 Okay, so each generation they upgrade a previous one to bring it into the latest level of tech/development.

My idea is this; as the next generation in the order is already on a ds cartridge (diamond/pearl), they'll reboot red and green/blue as ds versions.

Thoughts? Hopes? 




 I don't have an Amazon wish list, I just wanted to join in :) 




 1. Lilo and Stitch
2. Stitch
3. In SUMMER!! (Frozen - Olaf) 




 How about a third game (so only a single release as opposed to a double) but still a different story in the BW2 vein? Would that work? 




 I guess I'm nostalgic for the older times, and I may well have a different opinion if I ever get to play BW2. Saying that, I haven't actually got around to completing BW yet... 




 And how are you finding them so far? 




 Okay, so my first post ever here, so be gentle!

Red/Blue had Yellow,
Gold/Silver had Crystal,
Ruby/Sapphire had Emerald,
Diamond/Pearl had Platinum,

Where's Grey? Or Z? Why have they ditched the third game each gen?

It always seemed to me that the "merged" game of the generation was the best- yellow you had pikachu running around after you (not to mention the beginnings of
The pokemon happiness elements coming in), and crystal had suicine centred around you in the story- I miss that!

Now I'm not up to speed- unfortunately the furthest I've played is B/W, but I like the reboot games, I just miss the extra content/alternate take on the story (like Rayquaza's more central role in Emerald).

Opinions? 




 That means; now she all mayd 
























 To also be boring; George R. R. Martin has actually disclosed the general plot points and ending of the series/characters to the producers/directors (can't remember which), in respect to their efforts with the show, his slow writing and advancing years. 




 Furbys. Back when they first came out, it seemed I was the only one in my school that didn't like them (and didn't talk in their ridiculous annoying voice in everyday life). 




 I agree with the duck face part, but the occasional selfie is acceptable (especially when done right with a group of friends/genuinely interesting situation (I.e. With a respected celebrity (I'd be happy with a selfie with Hugh Jackman, Emma Watson or Daniel Radcliffe myself))) 




 There's this one about a Jewish carpenter and his dad a few years back that always cracks me up... 




 Are the DS and 3DS consoles region-locked?

And secondly, can you play DS games on a 3DS (obviously I know the game wouldn't be in 3D)? 




 Either;

-Guy putting glass jar up his anus and it breaking (lots of blood)(ouch),

-Same guy putting a screwdriver down his urethra (even more blood)(double ouch)

 




 It was the first fictional character that I ever created, and I almost always use him as my username now-a-days. 









 Thirteen.

I'm not upset nor proud of it, but there more than a couple that I regret. 









 Roller Coaster rides,
Injections,
Answering my first call as a Samaritans Volunteer. 









 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).

http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 




 I didn't get a computer or internet access until (estimating here) 2002/3? So when I started playing Pokemon I didn't have that benefit. Not to mention I wasn't aware of a "walkthrough" or "guide" website that early on (obviously I may be wrong). 




 You have inspired my girlfriend (a doodler herself) and I, I'm just about to set it up to get her first number! :) 




 Any of my brethren that have been around from the beginning of the video game series, do you feel nostalgia for the times when all the answers weren't available instantly online (i.e. when we didn't have the internet)?

I miss the rush of discovering a new technique or finding out a new Pokemon in an area (or even going off to the Game store to buy the guide, which still never held ALL the answers). 




 THAT'S how repel works!? I never knew! 




 Having not played past Black and White, I'm getting this just from what I can glean from Serebii (can't find a definitive guide to it).

So you put up a Pokemon or a whole team?

And you get a random single Pokemon or a random whole team? 




 What is the repel trick? 




 Playing through White at the moment, only just reached the first set of doubles grass, and am staying there to grind up my Drillbur.

Wanted to know if anyone else grinds, and to what extent? (Or do you just rely on type advantages to see you through the gyms?) 




 Full time writer. I've got two short stories published and a third being published later this year, but I'd love to be churning out short stories all the time, writing comic and tv/movie scripts and writing a novel or two a year like some professional authors that I know (google Dan Abnett, for example). 




 I know I'd regret it as it progressed, but I'd give it a go, just for the experience. Plus if the comments so far are anything to go by, I'd be uncommon as a guy who had elected to have a child! 




 My childhood bedroom.

From since the youngest I can remember until the day my mum and I moved out, I would NEVER sleep facing my bedroom door. I knew, and not thought, KNEW that there was something in my doorway, and that if I turned over whenever I woke up in the night that it could come in and get me.

It always "felt" evil, or malicious if you prefer, and I'd always wake up to the sound of the hallway floorboards creaking (the hallway ran parallel to my bedroom). My I told my mum and dad (when he still lived with us) they both said it was next door walking up or down their own hallway (our house was semi-attached, and our hallways were parallel too). The only problem with that theory was that I'd played in that house all my life - I knew the difference between the floorboards creaking because of someone walking down our side or theirs. And it was most definitely our side (the two steps down halfway along the hall were loose on our side, they weren't on their side - I know because the neighbour on that side babysat me fairly often).

So, yeah, I was scared of whatever that was. 




 Our interests are very varied, but we also don't want to limit ourselves - we want to try new things and do odd tours and such. Anything weird and wonderful is a bonus, as is cheap!

We'll be starting in Sydney, heading slowly up to Cairns, we've planned for a month, though we don't have any ideas of how long we'll spend where. 




 What do you think is the least popular Pokemon?

Once upon a time I would have said Magikarp, but because of it's useless nature, and of course it's evolution, everyone seems to like the little guy now.

So there's the question, who do you think is the least liked/used Pokemon? 




 I'm that far behind that I've firmly decided to restart when I do get properly back into it.

I'll play Fire Red/Leaf Green and go from there (unless GameFreak reboot Gen I again to bring it onto the DS cartridge so that the entire series is on that format). 




 So, from another thread I created, I vented a little about this issues. TOO MANY LEGENDARY POKEMON!

I've no idea what GameFreak were thinking in generations 3/4/5 (10/13/10 legendary pokemon added respectively), but now there are a total of 46 "legendary" pokemon, most of which you can't actually get in-game without trading (or special items from events/downloads).

I'd like to see some of them downgraded from legendary status, to reduce the number (to thus make the title of legendary mean something once more), and maybe in the next generation have them all available to capture in one way or another without having to have special access to things. I know it's to increase interest and revenue in some cases, but it's so annoying.

I'd propose having a couple in the usual places, he iconic/game centered legendary in the main dungeon/dungeons (like Mewtwo, or Lugia, for example, in their respective games), and have the others available via different achievements or quests.

Like when we had to solve all the puzzles to make the unknowns appear, or complete similar puzzles to get at the Regis.

Keep the dogs (and the -ion pokemon from B/W) roaming, but make them appear only during certain months, or seasons, to make it more feasible.

Make a journey through a series of complicated and dangerous/challenging islands with Pokemon restrictions or something to access some of the legendary birds.

Just stop with the ridiculousness! 









 I'm going to go ahead and be the outcast - Bianca.

I like the fact that her character has some real-world issues revolving around her, with confidence and her Dad's over-protectiveness. It brings a more likable aspect to her, and gives her so much more depth than Cheren's character, who seems to be the same old mold rival aspect - wants to win against you all the time, thinks he's better than you at first etc etc. 




 DON'T TELL ME! lol As I said I haven't played anything past Black and White, so have no idea what Delta Episode is, and want to remain that way (I will play them all some day!) ;)

Glad there is some up points of them re-releasing 3rd gen then, aside from the graphics and mechanics update. 




 I hope they won't have a "final" game, as I hope Pokemon will never end (yes I understand that'd mean a hell of a lot more Pokemon to catch, even more than the crazy number there is currently), but I'd hope that they could do like a ongoing game?

Like you pay for the cartridge, and every year or two they release an update for it (with ongoing monthly patches to repair any bugs etc), that unlocks a new region and pokemon, and updates the older one/ones to keep them fresh too. 




 It's ridiculous, epecially when you look back at the numbers;

1st Gen - 4 (Total 4)
2nd Gen - 5 (Total 9)
3rd Gen - 10 (Total 19)
4th Gen - 13 (Total 32)
5th Gen - 10 (Total 42)
6th Gen - 4 (Total 46)

6th Gen looks like they've finally realised what they've been doing and reigned themselves in, but jeeze, what happened in 3rd/4th/5th!? 




 So I've seen some commenters with Pokemon avatars in their pokeball symbol when they comment...how do I get me one of these!? 




 I played them all up to B/W, didn't have the money to get the sequels and here I am, super behind on everything! 




 I'd love to play BW2/X/Y/ORAS, but alas I'm backpacking around Australia so don't have the money to spare (or a 3DS if I did get the games!).

I've heard a lot of good things about the newer gens, and the graphics look unreal.

I don't remember 4th gen as much as I remember 3rd, and what I remember about 3rd gen is a whole lot of faffing about (if I recall correctly). 




 I'm interested, how old are you? Also how do you feel when you hear about the older games, that you hadn't played prior to Y? 




 I love Gold and Silver best, adventure-wise. It boggles my mind that GameFreak haven't made a game since then that has two regions in it. It gave so much more depth to completing the elite four - instead of "oh, I've done the elite four, all that's left is to grind them repeatedly until my pokemon are completely high levels and I've caught every pokemon" it was "man, now I've got a whole new area to explore, new challenging gyms and a beefed up E4 to take on! I loved that about it. 




 Exactly! This is the kind of thing that makes me feel old! Legendary back then meant something...Mewtwo, the birds, hell even Dragonite was semi-legendary because of the appalling amount of work you had to put into getting it so late in the game (unless you cheated and game cornered it).

Nowadays (shakes broom/rake) there's so many "legendary" pokemon now the name is just a by-word for "end of game super-pokemon", "current game mascot/icon" and/or "downloadable content only". 




 Twice - first I moved across the country (UK) when I went to university; half of the decision to go to uni was to escape my old life and explore a different me. I was MUCH happier.

The second time was November last year - My girlfriend and I have flown to Sydney (where we still are) and are working on a Working Holiday Visa to travel around.

Both times have been really refreshing for me, especially meeting all the new people who don't know you, and don't have any preconceptions about who you are or what you're like. It's a great feeling of opportunity. 




 I'm 25, so I'm of the generation that has grown up with Pokemon since before it was made. Have been hovering around the Pokemon subreddit and some of the things I've seen have made me feelquite Poke-old, and I was wondering if there are any others in the same boat as me.

I first encountered Pokemon Red/Blue in the playground at primary school. A friend was playing it, and I traded just about half my trading card collection just to borrow it for a whole weekend, and wasn't allowed to overwrite his save game. I put in fresh batteries of my own, and started a new game, and played it pretty much the whole weekend without stopping (i borrowed his gameboy too, as I didn't own one then).

A year later Yellow came out over in Canada, and my god father sent me a copy over. My Mum bought me a gameboy pocket (red, if you wanted to know), and I played the hell out of that game.

Another year later, and I badgered my Dad into buying me a Gameboy Colour (Pikachu edition), and got Gold AND Silver. I can't remember when exactly I bought Crystal, but it must have been some time later.

I must have dropped out of the loop for a little while, as my next device was a Gameboy Advance SP and, of course, I got Ruby and Sapphire.

Now my progression from there is hazy, but the last game I owned and played was Black/White. I have played through from the beginning of the series, and as stated earlier, I feel old when I see some people's comments on here.

So there you are, any other Poke-riginals out there? What's your story? 




 Hi guys,

I'm wanting to start planning out a "favourites" team - a Pokemon team made up of six of my favourite Pokemon, that have a complimentary type set across the board.

So in this vein, I'd like to request a Microsoft Excel file with all the pokemon listed (preferably in National Pokedex Order), with their types next to them. Maybe; 
Column 1 = National Pokedex #
Column 2 = Name
Column 3 = Type 1
Column 4 = Type 2

That way I can go through a visual list online and delete any that I don't like, then sort them accordingly. 




 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 
























 Pokemon. Obviously. 




 KAI-OH-TEE 




 To those Redditors that like their partner's genitals to dangle, how do you prefer their pubic hair to be (shaved/trimmed/natural/other)?

Out of interest too, if you don't mind, would you mind stating your gender and sexuality as well? 




 Best/favourite sexual technique to receive? (You said serious, but mentioned nothing about being cheeky) 




 Exactly what it says on the tin- you can define "best" however you want- funniest, weirdest, strangest, sexiest, whatever!

Note: have marked the thread NSFW just in case! 




 Online booster pack for what? 




 How much is Pokebank? 




 If that's how he broke up with you hon, you're better off. Keep your chin up and smile- get out there and be sociable, don't look for the next relationship, just be yourself and focus on enjoying life - let life happen. 




 How do the Crabs cards compare in style/quality to the Cards ones? 




 Yeah I know, by the end I was deluding myself about us, and it took a LOAD of friends banding together to intervene to make me realise we weren't actually working and that I was severely unhappy.

Long story short, much wiser and happier now! 




 You're young, you'll get over it.

It sounds harsh, but I made the same mistake and started a long term relationship when I was 14, lasted almost 7 years before I realised that I'd grown up and she hadn't. Trust me, you'll be better off. 




 I'd suggest ditching him love, as harsh as it sounds. It seems like he's stringing you along and not into you at all, and it's cruel of him to treat you so.

You should let him go and get on with your life- better will come along. 




 Zodiac- that shit was long and bad. A few hours of my life that I'll never get back... 




 I'd love your blank cards, if you're sure you don't want them!? 









 "I will find you, and I will kill you."

"Ohana means family, family means, no one gets left behind." 




 If it's just for E4 and not HM's, I'd skip the flyer and swap in a grass type. I'd recommend Exeggutor as a covering for psychic too, which can really pay dividends on Bruno's fighting types. 




 Left 4 Dead 2 - if you've got a four-strong group of friends this game has so much value for money. It has gags, it has a storyline, it has challenges, achievements and online (PvP) play, plus zombies and weapons.

If you play with linked skype/Teamspeak or similar, it's that much more enjoyable. 




 Forgive me if this has already been done, but; Redditors! Show me your Pokemon tattoos! (Doesn't have to be on your own body, can just be one/'s that you've seen online or out and about) 




 I sent a message to the Cards Against Humanity creators, saying that their game was awesome, and to suggest they make a "Blank Card" expansion, so that us creative types can add more than just the number of blanks you get in the five expansions.

Today, I received an email reply from Cards Against Humanity, and it was blank.

Touche, Cards Against Humanity, touche. 




 Umbreon swiftly followed by Glaceon for me.

I think a bug Eeveelution would be cool, though Steel, ground and dragon I'd imagine would look pretty badass. 




 Exactly what it says in the title, favourite Eeveelution (or maybe you prefer Eevee as Eevee) and why?

Also, for the hell of it, what type would you like to see the next Eeveelution be? 




 It's not designed to hold it all, it's designed so that the force of ejaculating inside the condom doesn't force the material to split/rip/tear with the added strain at that moment. Sure some the semen is caught there (hence reservoir tip as mentioned before), but no, not the entirety. 




 Heh, quick and awkward discharge.

Gotta love ulterior meanings. 




 To check, college = university right? (for us UK redditors)

In a biology lecture, some guy asked a (fairly valid) point on spirit in relation to the human body, of which the lecturer dismissed him (rather too harshly I might add). Barely had the words left his mouth than the skeleton at the edge of the room (the model type you get) dropped to the floor.

Probably a rusted bolt or hook breaking after slowly eroding away, but the timing was hysterical, as it had the circumstantial look of a "spirit" disagreeing with our lecturer. 




 By reminding myself that no-one else is or has been me, the sum total of my unique experiences, memories and perspectives, therefore everything I do is unique, even if it seems like it is an imitation of others work.

By this reasoning, whenever I approach a project (I'm a writer, though I dabble in art too), I can happily draw from other's work for inspiration without worrying about replication (though I do refrain from outright copying, because feelings), knowing that no-one in the world will have thought of this thing that I am about to do EXACTLY like I am about to do it.

Sorry if too deep. 




 Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring - when Aragorn is running through the pile of dead Uruk-Hai after beheading Lurtz, to get to the dying Boromir, a supposedly "dead" Uruk actually sits up and looks at him passing, before remembering he's meant to be dead and laying back down.

ALSO - Earlier in the film, as Aragorn is leading the hobbits through the marshes - Aragorn's bow (sticking out of his pack) hits the camera and jolts it, rocking the scene for a brief second. 




 The Day After Tomorrow (so much wrong), specifically, the scene after Jack Hall has finished briefing the president and joint chiefs - the Vice President says, regarding evacuating the entire Northern half of the USA, "It's alright for him suggesting such an action, he's safe here in Washington" (I'm ad-libbing).

If they're meaning Washington DC, the seat of US politics, then they're not that far (in the grand scheme of the USA's size) from New York, and still ABOVE the red line that Jack has drawn on the map.

If they're meaning the original Washington state, which just happens to be one of mainland USA's most northern states, they are STILL above that red line.

Either way, they are by no means safe, as per Jack's statement when the President asks "What about the people above that line?" - "For them it's already to late".


MAJOR error.  




 Okay, looking so far it'll be ORAS, but a further question - is there any differences to ruby or sapphire bar pokemon version differences? I usually go by that alone when deciding which to get... 




 WOOHOO! One fellow fan of nostalgia lol 




 Besides the planetary calculations and observations, there's another flaw in your post (maybe someone else has said but I'm too lazy to scroll too far); "beneficial for life". Whilst we cannot deny that our conditions on earth have been ideal for life as we know it to evolve, it remains impossible to tell if a form of life may be able to survive or evolve in different circumstances.

I'm of the firm belief that life has/could evolve in other conditions a lot different to ours, so would prefer scientists to be searching for planets that are "suitable" for "Earth-like life", instead of the more general terms.

Note: I'm no astrologist, astrophysicist or astrobiologist, this is all my opinion formed from general knowledge, and I give full kudos to the spirit of the original question 




 Jelly!! 




 Anyone remember these? They were a bit like chupa chups, but with chewing gum inside and a Pokemon sticker on the inner packaging. I used to collect so many of them... 




 So, I'm soon to get a 3DS and the capability to resume playing the Pokemon series once more. My problem is that, initially I can only afford one game, and that I have only played up to the Black/White games. Here's where you come in.

I want to know whether I should play X/Y or Alpha Sapphire/Omega Ruby first, and why (convince me). I have played the original ruby/sapphire, so know the storyline, but obviously with the revamp it'll be a whole new experience. I would say BW2, to pick up where I left off, but I can't find that available where I am unfortunately. 




 Hey guys,

I'd like an up-to-date Pokemon list (so all 718 Pokemon), preferably with types and if possible with pictures/avatars too. I don't care about the Mega-Evolutions, but it'd be handy if the list were on excel.

Hope someone can fulfill this request!


P.s. Open to other lists that maybe don't have the avatars/types, too.

P.p.s The reason I'm looking is I want to figure out what my favourite Pokemon is, so I want to have a list where I can easily delete any Pokemon that I dismiss, and sort/order them handily. 




 Pokeballs. I don't care if there aren't Pokemon to catch, I'd just love to have a super high quality display of them, just for coolness. 




 Thanks everyone! 




 You could interflora them? 




 Personally, I don't see a problem with it. Though I'm not an avid gardener, I do appreciate wildlife and beauty in nature, and fresh flowers do smell great (mostly) and brighten up a room, so I would appreciate a gift of flowers, even more so if they were hand picked because of their significance/name/colour/beauty - the thoughtfulness of a gift would be a significant part of the pleasure of receiving it. 




 Pro: individual government
Con: individual government 




 I'd respectfully argue that a selfie is defined as a photo taken of yourself by yourself, whether or not other things are included, so "selfie" being the mode of picture taking rather than the picture itself.
Edit: added respect. 




 Technically might not be classed as "celebrity", but when my mum met Princess Anne at a horse show event.

There's a great photo of her shaking hands with her ladyship, with 6/7 year old me in the background, more interested in my burger/hot dog (forget which). 
























 Heard of you guys before, where can I read more information? I want to challenge myself to stop masturbating. 




 I'm No Superman - Scrubs theme tune 




 Blackpool *shudders* 




 Recently my SO's sex drive has rock bottomed, and unfortunately mine has been as high as ever, so I do occasionally do it while she's asleep (I'm a guy) and make sure not to wake her (the long slow build up is quite amazing when you finally reach climax).

Awake-wise, when I want to jerk off with her there it usually takes a lot of persuasion, as she says "it's weird" for her to be there, even though I get off on her watching (or kissing me while I do it). So yeah, most of the time I have to find alone time by myself. 




 So what does define a planet as opposed to a large comet or similar? I mean, I can think of several things that may contribute, but then I can also think of things that would be contrary to those.

Secondary bonus question- how small can a planet be whilst still being a planet (if size is a defining planet factor)? 




 Pretty much Brisbane to Townsville. 




 I know you're unsure of specifics, but if you could find and link me I'd be very appreciative! 




 Looking for a fossicking tour/experience in Queensland around the coast, with the opportunity to find gold/opals/sapphires/any precious stones or pretty minerals (like amethyst).

Thanks! 




 Looking for opals/gold/sapphires, any precious gems basically (though pretty minerals like the amethyst rocks are also welcome). 




 The time I felt loneliest? After I'd broken up with my girlfriend of almost 7 years - I went walking around a local park for pretty much an entire day on my own (just because it was the right thing to do didn't make it hard or painful to do!).

The loneliest thing I've ever done is go drinking alone. It's not the greatest past time. 




 That's crap! The safari zone was ALL ABOUT the bait/rock ratio and a heap of luck!

They have to bring it back for the next generation! Let's start a petition! They have to listen! *marches out of the door* 




 I remember watching the annual UK space show with Prof. Brian Cox (Stargazing Live) and seeing the director of this project with one cell of this mirror...I'm so excited to see the resulting images we can pull, let alone the actual scientific discoveries.

Just think all we've managed with Hubble! 




 Oh? Like how? 




 What happened to these in the most recent generations? Why weren't they included?  I missed them in Black/White 




 So the Sydney weather forecast for Sunday is bright blue skies and 34 degrees, so the plan is to head for Manly beach.

Last time I went, I got severely burnt, but want to build up some tan, so my question is, what's the best method?

I've got factor 50 on hand for protection, but ideally want to know how long I should spend in the sun before turning over/applying more sun cream, and how long I can spend in the water before needing to reapply it (it says water resistant)? 




 Has anyone ever had one appear? I know it doesn't count for extra points, but I'm just curious! 




 Three questions; what's the evolutionary benefit to laughter?

Why does it sometimes feel like it is uncontrollable?

And finally, why does the uncontrollable laughter feel like it originates from your stomach/diaphragm area? 




 Damn! lol 




 Anaconda by Niki Minaj...that video is ridiculous. 




 Like X and Y have been out since Nov '13, and they're still 59.95AUD over here- how long until they lower in price for the new cartridge? 




 I'm not sexist based on the forms/colours of the pokemon- I just always want a balanced team of three male and three female. 









 I am, loving travelling and loving spending quality time with her away from the aforementioned pressures! 




 I like this post for the sheer ego of it. 




 Hence the qualifying statement "like if you bought an island already" 




 Like if you bought an island off the coast of Australia or similar, what process would you have to go through to ceed from the Australian Government? 




 -coordination
-balance
-accuracy
-attention to detail
-problem solving
-team work 




 There's a lot! In a nut shell...

Basically my first real relationship started when we were both 14, and lasted for nearly 7 years. During that time we lost our virginity to each other, and after a few years I grew up and she didn't. I deluded myself for four years or so, cheated a lot and hated myself for it, and finally realised I was unhappy with her when I bumped into an old friend. Broke up with her (which was extremely difficult and painful - just because I didn't love her didn't mean I didn't care), and moved away to go to uni.

Met that same self old friend from above at uni and started going out with her. We moved in together for my second and third years, and towards the end of my second year decided to travel to Australia together when I finished.

This meant living frugally and staying with my mum and step-dad to save money, who are very messy and dysfunctional themselves (he doesn't help around the house at all, my little brother is a shit a lot of the time because of their lack of discipline with him) and took most of their arguments/frustrations out on us (not aggressively, just passively). Due in part to this and having to live frugally we grew apart a little, or at least settled into a rut.

Fast forward to a month before we are due to leave, and I find messages on her phone to another guy arranging a meet up at a hotel room with him. She promised that she'd not talk to him again, and less than a week later I found out she had an was STILL planning it.

I basically plummeted health-wise from the stress and worry, and lost all appetite - couldn't manage more than a tiny meal a day, and begged her repeatedly not to do this to us, and she didn't in the end, and cut all ties.

Fast forward to now, and we're in Australia, away from the stuff that intruded in our life in the first place, and I'm a lot happier but still very paranoid/worried about what will happen when we get back to real life and the stresses involved with getting jobs and somewhere to live etc.


Phew. Told you it was long. 




 I'd love to talk about my old relationship, my current relationship and the relationship between them. 




 Told a girl I loved them. 




 *there (because grammar is important) 




 I'd argue that, much like the moon missions, interstellar travel would teach us a lot more by just giving it a go then just spending years and billions experimenting and researching.

Build a giant colony ship, gather a few thousand volunteers and a few hundred soldiers to police and guard everyone, and go go gadget long-ass-journey!! 




 Run your ass off yo! 




 I wouldn't. It means a lot to me. 




 I believe that there is SOMETHING more than us, not necessarily an old guy who controls everything and a heaven/hell, but at least some kind of alien being that is more in another dimension/plane of reality than this one (if in this one at all). 




 I think that the body decays, the spirit however I have no idea about. I can honestly say though that I'm not scared of dying- I'm scared of the pain that could occur the moments leading up to death, but I'm genuinely interested to know where my consciousness will go (if it goes anywhere) afterwards. 




 *recollection (because spelling IS serious) 




 Either flea-powerful jumping or gecko-grip, I'd love to run up walls.

Hell, make me spider-man!! 




 I'd go with both (this is with no research at all by the way). Cancer is a mutation, so it's natural that the longer we exist the more mutations that will happen, and diagnoses have gotten more accurate. 




 "I'm fine"

And

"I don't mean to insult you but..." 




 Someone beat me to the Christianity ribbing, so I'll go with the fact that we never went to the moon. 




 We saw a lot of these in Sydney at New Years- they're so that people can get more background/friends into the picture with them. 
























 Ah, well that's alright then! We shall continue our grand-shower-puddle-dropping with eased minds :) 









 Why is that hard to believe? My SO has a large bosom, and we're children at heart. 




 Yeah we're not that fussy to be fair! 




 I do a version of that- when my SO and I are showering I press myself up against her and we wrap our arms around each other so that the water catches in a huge cup between/around her boobs between us, then let it fall with a HUGE splash... 




 I do this too- my ex didn't used to either, and I asked the exact same question. How do you know when you're clean!? 




 Sink low in the bath water, so that my mouth is just under the water line (nose above because breathing), and blow out bubbles.

Occasionally I'll say "Krabby, use bubble!" first... 




 When I'm hiding (like behind a door or in the wardrobe to scare my SO) I get a violent fully-body shiver that runs all the way down my spine. It feels a little pleasurable, buts it ALWAYS happens. 




 I had this conversation with a female coworker last week, I know how self conscious women can get, but honestly, unless it's like male-length, us guys can't tell if you've shaved or not (without touching or close-up examination). 




 What do you count as circumstance that you "have" to? (Out of interest) 




 Fart under the covers and keep them sealed so it warms you up

And/or

Wafting the covers to spread that unique fart smell. 




 Misread instructions, googling best way to clean shit out of shower 




 So I see all these posts of stuff from Japan, and obviously they have a couple of Pokemon Centers but, is there Pokemon merchandise in just like, all the stores?

Also, where is this Pokemon Cafe!? (Cause I wanna go) 




 Aw I got excited because I thought you meant the awesome piece Lugia's Song from Pokemon The Movie 2000...man I loved that track. 




 When you've been using your iPhone (or similar) for a long period of time, does your little finger/lower fingers go numb? 




 I'll shamefully admit to buying a full-shiny-pokedex Emerald way back in the day. Don't even know what happened to it, but it was interesting, for a while... 




 And the temptation is already building. The weekend was easier, as my girlfriend was with me, so I was distracted and couldn't even if I wanted to...but it's tempting.

Does it get easier? What techniques can I use to forget about the urge? 




 Thanks all! Is there any way to combat the decay without visiting a dentist? I'm not against it really, but I'm travelling currently, so a dentist visit would probably be quite expensive. 




 I've been lax lately, and whilst I have brushed every few days, I've noticed some dark/black bits in my teeth (cavities?) and one tooth has a sharp edge where this black bit has potentially broken it, so I want to crack down and get serious.

Recommendations for paste, brush and foods to avoid? 




 I'm new to this, have written a few extremely short things for my SO, but never intended for a general viewing...any tips? 




 I think he's not right for you- if he's essentially blackmailing you with this it's unacceptable. Imagine what he'd be like later in the relationship if this type f behaviour carries on!

I'm glad you're not ashamed of being on a dating website- there's nothing wrong with it- but I'd recommend owning up to your family and ditching him.

Sorry that you've seem to have found a bad apple there. 




 What sub-reddit made YOU laugh/cringe/surprised/shocked/disgusted when you discovered its existence?


NSFW because I know what you guys are like... 




 You keep your chin up, my friend.

You like what you like, and that's okay. It's different, but that doesn't mean it's wrong or right. It's just different. 




 Aside from reading lots of books, I've self taught myself how to write.

My solution? Write it and write it again, until it doesn't read like crap! It's sounds stupid, but reading it out loud to someone (I read to my GF) really helps you spot the errors in everything.

Best thing to do is get it onto the page- write it without editing or rereading it until you're done. It's easier to edit a crap novel into a good one than just write a good novel instantly. Only the super-pros have that kind of super power. 




 I've got two short stories published, both are charity works so no money, and a third coming out this year at some point (date TBC). Don't know about how much I get paid for the coming one, it's been a while since I signed the contract!! 




 Edited to reflect. 




 For those of you who miss the obvious, complete a pokedex made entirely of shiny Pokemon.

Edit: Without hacks 




 What age did you first orgasm? How/what was the circumstance? (Like to porn, just mucking around, etc) 




 My first time was on my Dad's boss' computer- we lived next door to the office he worked in at the time (it was a house converted to an office), and I used to go up there to mess about on the games (it was the only windows pc in the office).

No idea what made me do it, but I decided to use the Internet to look for digimon stuff (I was like 12). Cue nervously sitting there whilst the dial up modem screamed out its tones. Dad didn't hear or didn't care, so I continued, and after a while I accidentally bookmarked a page.

So I go to bookmarks, and find an odd-looking link. Curious teen I am, I clicked it, turns out my Dad's boss was gay, and it was a gay porn site's front page. I figured if there was guys there must be girls, and so did a search...I don't know if there were free sites around in those days, but I looked at the front page teaser pictures LOADS.

Can't remember exactly how long I continually snuck up there after office hours, but I do remember being asked by Dad to accompany him into his boss' office one day- that's right, dial up modem = print-out of websites visited on the bill. I wasn't exactly told off, just told not to use someone else's property (especially one that costs) without permission.

TL;DR, my first was on my Dad's boss' pc. 









 Final Fantasy VIII - loved the score all throughout it, and how it changed in the game.

That said, whilst it wasn't exactly groundbreaking, the Pokemon music will always live on in my heart as one of the most iconic. The original Pokemon Centre music, or the Route 1 walking music. 




 If you didn't want to retrade a semi-fix would be to breed them so you get a version of said pokemon "originally" from your current game. 




 Can you explain the dexnav guilt thing further? Having not played I've no idea what the dexnav is, nor why you'd feel guilty! 




 This was my first thought when I saw his mega. Still not a general mega fan. 




 It looks like it says Peckachu...I giggled 




 I've not played it myself, but I read on another thread someone didn't like the fact that in ORAS you're just given latios instead of having to hunt it down.

Out of interest, what other negatives have you found? 




 I feel we need to see a version of the sexy dress/undress to properly appreciate this.

Seriously though, good for you for feeling sexy and doing something daring. The world (and I'm sure your neighbours day) is brighter for it. 




 I'm game to try anything, so will happily look at any anthology. I've got two shorts published already with a third out this year, looking to submit to more! 









 Totally!

A lot of people linearly categorise male sexual feelings with the penis but, whilst I do love it being attended to, it's not the only part of my body!

Massage, stroking, tickling, licking, kissing, nibbling pretty much anywhere on my body is great- it's the attention that turns me on most. 




 To answer the question, i'd say talk to him about it. Or get your brother to, it'd be less squeamish for him if it was mano el mano.

But yeah, don't do it as a confrontation (because, as you stated, everyone has a curious streak, especially at that age), just stress the cleanliness/hygiene side of things, and if you want to/feel comfortable doing so, drop in the line about being willing to buy him something of his own.

Make it casual, above all else, as I can think of nothing that would be worse (for him or you) than you coming down like a tonne of bricks on him about it.

Source: Gleefully curious youth 





























 That...is a good question, upvoted to find the answer. Interested in seeing gay guy's perspectives on this. 




 House M.D. and Scrubs.

Scrubs has got some great feel-good stuff going for it, but House REALLY knows how to set the right music to a mood. 




 You got some weight on them there shoulders buddy? Feel free to PM me if you want to vent :) 




 She's priceless!

In all seriousness, she's not "mine" to sell; you'd have to ask her for a definitive price. 




 Make a homeless person's day - go out, find a likely prospect and invite them to come for a hot meal. Spend that $30 on a cheap, warm meal for them, and sit and chat with them for a while.

It'll feel very rewarding, and you'll literally make their day. 




 I'd KEEL YOU, infidel!

For reference, he says it at one point in his sketch;
https://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=1 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CB8QyCkwAA url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D-gZ6-6RbSEg ei=8NjVVLTtJKOxmwWK1oFg usg=AFQjCNF_OBebEXqffFmo2ImgFbiQ75iL3g bvm=bv.85464276,d.dGY


EDITED: To preempt the racist/religious warriors 




 This, both of these. My girl just loves the effort, that I thought to think of her. That's what makes it special, remember, not any amount of money, gifts, food or cards - that YOU thought of HER. 




 A phone call to tell my girl that I love her.

Yeah, I went there. 




 The only chair free in the entire form room was with three other boys...they'd been friends together since before primary school, and I was the odd one out, within an hour I was "one of them", and by the end of the day I'd assumed general "leader" of the group. That was fifteen years ago, I'm STILL absolute best friends with them all (not so much leader now, but more decisive decision maker when they're all uming and arring). 




 A quick way to make money without working, selling myself, my girlfriend, or anything I own. 




 Being a newb to competitive generally helps, though it has come in handy once or twice! 




 I always go down on my SO and rub her clit (quite often at the same time) and/or include G-spot stim with two fingers BEFORE we go anywhere near intercourse.

After two/three goes (sometimes she works her clit for me), we switch up and we have sex. Occasionally she'll orgasm from this penetration but only after cumming the other way first.

This wasn't always the case- she faked it for a long while at the start of our relationship, but once she had owned up (she was hesitant to tell me that she only ever came through clit stim usually), she taught me how she usually did it, and viola! Satisfaction every time.

I guess the ethos here is communication. 









 Hey all, after mucking about and not really getting anywhere properly on here, I've bumped to OU to learn the ropes. I've kept this team on the books for when I know what I'm doing better. In the meantime, I've got an OU RMT going on here; http://www.reddit.com/r/stunfisk/comments/2uyx6c/rmtou_rate_my_team_please_also_suggestions/

 




 So, brace yourselves, this'll be exhaustive. I've literally started competitive yesterday, so I'm learning in process. After some mucking about in UU, I came up to OU (being the standard smogon tier) to learn with a greater range of Pokemon to choose from. I created a team, as best I could, trying to cover weaknesses and give a good spread. Here it is;


My original team, "1.0";


Uluru (Tyranitar-Mega) @ Tyranitarite
Ability: Sand Stream
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Dragon Dance
- Fire Punch
- Earthquake
- Stone Edge


Mammy (Mamoswine) (F) @ Focus Sash
Ability: Thick Fat
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Stealth Rock
- Endeavor
- Ice Shard
- Earthquake


Tooky (Zapdos) @ Leftovers
Ability: Pressure
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 HP / 168 Def / 68 SpA / 20 Spe
Bold Nature
- Tailwind
- Thunderbolt
- Roost
- Toxic


Jackie (Chansey) @ Eviolite
Ability: Natural Cure
EVs: 4 HP / 252 Def / 252 SpD
Impish Nature
- Heal Bell
- Soft-Boiled
- Toxic
- Seismic Toss


Snippy (Gliscor) @ Toxic Orb
Ability: Poison Heal
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 HP / 56 Def / 200 Spe
Impish Nature
- Fling
- Roost
- Acrobatics
- Cross Poison


Ash (Trevenant) @ Sitrus Berry
Ability: Harvest
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 HP / 4 Atk / 252 SpD
Careful Nature
- Substitute
- Leech Seed
- Phantom Force
- Will-O-Wisp


I put this together with Sandstorm in mind, giving a couple of non-sandstorm Pokemon to balance. Mamoswine would lead, cast stones and then I'd roll with the punches as best I could. Here's the five battles I had with this set-up:


1.0 Battles


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208655633


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208658753


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208661773 (Dud - disconnected opponent)


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208663685


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208666206


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208667959


Of course, if you watch those you'll see I didn't get pretty far (there are probably those of you who could have predicted this before even seeing the battles). So, I made notes as I went - I had nothing to dish out fire, no water, no grass, no psychic. I also had no hazard clearer, as the eagle-eyed among you will have noticed. So I dropped Zapdos, it being the one Pokemon that ALWAYS failed, and felt wrong in the line-up, and replaced it with Charizard (with Y Charizardite). 


With a SpA setup, Charizard covered Fire, Grass, Fighting and a hazard remover tweak. I also dropped roost from Gliscor as it never got used with Toxic Orb and Poison Heal, and replaced it with Hidden Power [Ground], for STAB. Finally, with the fire covered by Charizard, I dropped Fire Punch from Tyranitar and gave it Aqua Tail, to give the team a water move.This resulted in my current team;


Current team, "1.5";


Uluru (Tyranitar-Mega) @ Tyranitarite
Ability: Sand Stream
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Dragon Dance
- Aqua Tail
- Earthquake
- Stone Edge


Mammy (Mamoswine) (F) @ Focus Sash
Ability: Thick Fat
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Stealth Rock
- Endeavor
- Ice Shard
- Earthquake


Clithard (Charizard-Mega-Y) @ Charizardite Y
Ability: Drought
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 4 Def / 252 SpA / 252 Spe
Timid Nature
- Fire Blast
- SolarBeam
- Focus Blast
- Defog


Jackie (Chansey) @ Eviolite
Ability: Natural Cure
EVs: 4 HP / 252 Def / 252 SpD
Impish Nature
- Heal Bell
- Soft-Boiled
- Toxic
- Seismic Toss


Snippy (Gliscor) @ Toxic Orb
Ability: Poison Heal
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 HP / 56 Def / 200 Spe
Impish Nature
- Fling
- Hidden Power [Ground]
- Acrobatics
- Cross Poison


Ash (Trevenant) @ Sitrus Berry
Ability: Harvest
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 HP / 4 Atk / 252 SpD
Careful Nature
- Substitute
- Leech Seed
- Phantom Force
- Will-O-Wisp

So I have tended to lead with either Tyranitar or Mamoswine, though on occasion I'll get straight into sweeping with Charizard-Y. I've played ten full battles with this team, the replays are here for those dedicated helpers among you;


1.5


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208676939  Won - Minimal Losses


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208680004 (Dud - opponent left)


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208680619 (Dud - opponent timed out)


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208682026


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208683759


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208686815


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208688808  Good, close


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208707828  Massacre


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208708485 (Dud - opponent forfeited)


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208710740


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208711866 (Dud - opponent forfeited)


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208712401


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208713403


http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/ou-208714442


So far, so good. They're working well as a team, I think. Two of the above battles where I've lost I got distracted IRL, so can't complain about them there (I forget which two). Again, I've taken notes, and have the following to say;


- Defog on Charizard just isn't practical, I need another hazard remover


- Missing an Electric move (and some water types are getting away with murder once Charizard is out of the picture)


- Missing a Psychic move, and because of this Gengar is often being the key to unlocking my whole team.


- I NEED a stronger water attack than Aqua Tail, as Heatran walks all over me. See end of next point for potential solution.


- I didn't realise you can only one-mega-evol per battle, so I'm kicking Tyranitarite out, as Charizard is just so much better with his. Therefore I'm thinking of running Crunch in place of Dragon Dance and a choice scarf to make up for the speed drop. My only other thought on Tyranitar was to change him to a full SpA spec, with Surf/Dark Pulse/Earth Power/Thunderbolt.


Any help and suggestions would be great; as I said they all seem to work pretty well together, and have all had their moments pulling through for the team. I need to remember to not keep Tyranitar in against Fighting, as he sucks against them.

EDIT: Took out my suggestion of swapping substitute for Psychic, as it's an Atk, not SpA Pokemon, so that'd be stupid. 




 Well, for starters I'm trying to figure out how to balance a team...right now it seems every team I make it's very hit or miss.

So I guess to start with it's team building advice! 




 Hi guys,

Old-timer Pokemon player here (though not an actual old timer - only 25!), never really got into competitive before, but want to give it a shot. I understand most of the basic terms, but need someone to help me organise myself and address weaknesses and such (I know there are websites that show you weaknesses and coverage etc, but it helps to have someone knowledgeable explain it all to you as you go through it!).

For your information, I am dabbling on Showdown team editor, and am aiming for UU level.

Edited: Added in tier 




 Here it is;

Sir Reginald (Escavalier) (M) @ Assault Vest
Ability: Overcoat
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 172 HP / 252 Atk / 84 Spe
Adamant Nature
IVs: 30 Atk / 30 Def / 30 SpA
- Pursuit
- Megahorn
- Drill Run
- Iron Head

Frill (Vaporeon)
Ability: Water Absorb
EVs: 252 HP / 252 Def / 4 Spe
Calm Nature
- Scald
- Wish
- Baton Pass
- Ice Beam

Specs (Flygon) @ Chople Berry
Ability: Levitate
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpD / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Outrage
- Fire Punch
- U-turn
- Defog

Giggles (Darmanitan) @ Choice Scarf
Ability: Sheer Force
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpD / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Flare Blitz
- U-turn
- Rock Slide
- Superpower

Ice Cold (Cloyster) @ Focus Sash
Ability: Skill Link
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Icicle Spear
- Rapid Spin
- Shell Smash
- Toxic Spikes

Naughty (Chesnaught) @ Leftovers
Ability: Bulletproof
EVs: 252 HP / 84 Def / 172 Spe
Impish Nature
- Wood Hammer
- Roar
- Synthesis
- Drain Punch


Escavalier and Vaporeon are the core - they don't seem to do badly in any of the matches I've played so far. Flygon is generally a great Pokemon, and Darmanitan/Chesnaught are both very hit or miss. Cloyster seems to get out his toxic spikes then die, so looking ideally for something more sturdy (also as he's part water he adds extra thunder/grass weakness to the team that already is there from Vap). 




 Ah, my thanks. 




 This is the team...

Flappy (Crobat) @ Black Sludge
Ability: Inner Focus
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpD / 252 Spe
Jolly Nature
- Brave Bird
- Roost
- Taunt
- U-turn

Phanny (Donphan) @ Assault Vest
Ability: Sturdy
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 172 HP / 252 Atk / 84 Spe
Adamant Nature
- Rapid Spin
- Earthquake
- Knock Off
- Ice Shard

Rub Rub (Blissey) @ Leftovers
Ability: Natural Cure
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 Def / 252 SpD / 4 Spe
Calm Nature
- Wish
- Seismic Toss
- Protect
- Toxic

Sia (Chandelure) @ Choice Scarf
Ability: Flash Fire
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 252 SpA / 4 SpD / 252 Spe
Timid Nature
IVs: 0 Spe
- Shadow Ball
- Fire Blast
- Energy Ball
- Trick Room

Sir Reginald (Escavalier) (M) @ Assault Vest
Ability: Overcoat
Shiny: Yes
EVs: 172 HP / 252 Atk / 84 Spe
Adamant Nature
IVs: 30 Atk / 30 Def / 30 SpA
- Pursuit
- Megahorn
- Drill Run
- Iron Head

Frill (Vaporeon)
Ability: Water Absorb
EVs: 252 HP / 252 Def / 4 Spe
Calm Nature
- Scald
- Wish
- Baton Pass
- Ice Beam


Okay so I've listed them in order of what's losing the most. Crobat and Donphan aren't helping at all right now, and Blissey isn't really doing her job. Vaporeon, Escavalier and Chandelure are rocking, but I need to change it up a bit. Any suggestions/advice?

Edit: Now chandelure isn't doing too great either. I really like him, but if he's going to keep failing like he has in the past few games, I want to just build my team around Vaporeon and Escavalier 




 Haha! Aww that's understandable, Pokemon IRL would be the best. Yeah, they are pretty cute - you must have loved Gale of Darkness (if you played it), getting to start with an Eevee!

Ooooh you did!? Can I ask to see a pic/pics without seeming creepy? :P 




 1. That's awesome.
2. That's also awesome.
3. Boo! Umbreon's the best! ;) But fair enough, to each their own. 




 Not in the literal sense, obviously - I mean look through their submitted/comments sections to get a better idea about them? 




 Species: Lorikeet

Age:?

Sex/Neuter status:?

Breed: Lorikeet

Body weight: Overweight (in comparison to other Lorikeets that are around here)

Clinical signs: Overweight belly, ruffled feathers, doesn't close its wings fully once it lands, has a piercing shriek cry instead of the chirrup/whistles that the other lorikeets do.


Your general location: Sydney, NSW, Australia

(It's one of a flock of wild lorikeets that often come sit on/near our veranda ledge - flock is about 10 in total I think?) Have only been here for a little under two weeks, but have heard it's odd cry the whole time I've been here, so I'd imagine it's unlikely that it's changed condition anytime since. 




 I'd have an Umbreon, if any. It's my overall favourite pokemon and eeveelution - couldn't stop playing Pokemon Coliseum (Gamecube version) 




 1- How did you decide on the order/placement of them, or did you ask the tattooist to work it out?

2- Are you having them 'actual' colours, or slightly odd/off/different tones to the 'classic'?

3- Which is your favourite (that's right, I asked it!)? 









 Says the person calling OP a man... 




 How do you keep track of your submissions? I mean, some stick with you really easily in your head, but as for others...how do you remember what stories you wrote for which anthologies/magazines, and when they were sent off etc?

I'm starting to get this problem, so wanted to get some ideas before deciding on a system for myself to use! 




 Will have to look into this then. Thanks for the recommendation! 




 A generation ship (I'm not sure if that's the correct term but it's how I know of them) is a spaceship designed to hold thousands of people (or millions, maybe), and for each subsequent generation born and raised on the ship to take over running/maintenance of the ship, to enable humans as a race to a) travel farther without going faster than light (because we don't know for sure if this will ever actually work) and b) survive beyond our own planet/system.

What problems do you forsee that a generation ship would face (I'm thinking serious ones like radiation exposure or food supply, rather than say alien contact) and, if you can think of any, what solutions would you present?

My favourite one is oxygen, and I put forward the idea of massive forest rooms/levels dedicated to creating oxygen/taking CO2. 




 I don't think we'll be travelling light years very fast any time soon. Travelling them in normal time? I'm for the concept of a generations ship, similar to what they ended up with in Wall-E but without the AI robots, laziness and death of muscle/bones. 




 Chest tattoos on a woman.

Probably get some hate for this, but I really don't like them at all. Just my personal opinion. 




 Also, would you mind if I used it as inspiration for a short story I'm writing? 




 Which is better, or is it best without either? (for your teeth, obviously) 




 Gotta say, love the name. True spirit of our sci-fi culture mixed into our space-faring future. Have some adoration. Keep us posted on the details of the mission (don't suppose you have a link to somewhere where we can follow/subscribe to updates about it do you?) - what is the mission's name do you know (if it's not the same as your craft). 




 Don't know if anyone has shared this already, but it's a darn awesome watch.

Kudos to the creator.

http://www.earthporm.com/astronaut-alexander-gerst-space-time-lapse-earth/ 




 I always have the heat up so high that if I do, I get light headed and close to passing out, so no, you are not the only one who enjoys masturbation-free showers... 




 Snowballs? 




 My five questions.

1. How much did you know about A.K.A. Jessica Jones before you heard about the production?
2. Did you apply for the Harper role, or did you go for another?
3. What other Marvel character would you like to play (or would you like to have played, if it is an already-cast character)
4. Your most well-known role was as Trinity in The Matrix trilogy, did you enjoy making these films?
5. What was your favourite part of the Matrix "journey", whether that is a particular scene, character, funny backstage moment, crew member, whatever?

I'd give a Reddit gold to anyone who can help set this up. 









 Sorted. 
























 This, with the video in the background of every webpage.

http://postarchives.entensity.net/040805/flash.php?flash=banana.swf 




 Almost crashed my car several times with others in it, not through my own fault luckily, but close calls nonetheless.

Once accidentally smashed a lightbulb over my friends head.

And almost killed myself three times, once touching a live wire attached to a TV set, once by pulling a full paint can down onto my head from on top of a tall book case, and lastly by falling out of the top of a tree. Believe it or not, it was hitting the branches on the way down that saved me, and stopped me from actually getting any more serious injury than a few bruises! 




 - Slenderman is a great fun game to muck about with with a friend or friends.
- You could try some of the resident evil games (even if only one can control, it's fun to work as a team and try to work through the puzzles, just take turns with the controller) 




 With money, obviously. What led you to do so? 




 If you're flying, the engines are meant to make that noise, the whole thing is meant to tremble a little, some shaking from turbulence is perfectly normal, and if your ears feel funny, you can pop them by yawning or sucking sweets. 




 Eragon; I'd SO want to be a dragon rider, especially with a partner dragon as awesome and badass as Saphira 




 I try to get it published!

I've got two short stories already out and published in anthologies, got another one coming out in an anthology sometime this year (date not confirmed yet).

I'm always writing new stories and submitting them to anthologies. I've written two novels, but nothing I'd show to the world yet. Both of those were to prove to myself that I COULD write to that length, and still maintain relationships/arcs/general story interest. 




 What do you use them all for? 




 England originally, I'm a writer. 




 Slender-Man. Kept turning around to see how close behind me he was. No-where to be seen. Turn back to keep running, he's only in my bloody face isn't he.

I hit the ceiling.


ALSO, the first time I ever played Dino Crisis, there's a particular hallway where you go through like five/six times before you go through it and Raptors jump through the windows at you. TOTALLY did not see that one coming either. Screamed like a bitch (I was like 13/14). 




 Eskimos, man. They bring the elk like no-one else can. 




 Italian? 




 We were the biggest empire in history. Pretty influential I'd say, given that most of the world has at least some understanding of our language, or at least derivatives of it. 




 Not at all...but YOU are looking particularly fine today ;) 




 Exactly this. Funnel the money into the healthcare and education systems, give teachers, doctors, nurses and soldiers decent pay!

Vote me in the upcoming election, the Phoenix Party! ;) 




 He's a fantastic guy, and totally deserves all the good karma in the world. 




 From as early as I can remember in my first house (until I was 12 years old), I NEVER slept facing my bedroom doorway (It had no door), because I KNEW if I looked that way, I would see what was standing there and it would be able to come into the room and get me.

It's like you KNOW that if you throw a ball, gravity will bring it down.

I KNEW, without needing proof or confirmation, that there WAS something, and I don't know what, standing in my doorway every night. Occasionally I'd hear it walk along the landing from the lower end of our house until it stood outside my bedroom door, and I KNEW if I looked at it, it could come in and it WOULD kill me. 




 UK, Either;

Taking the high salary away from people who don't deserve it (like Football players, bankers etc)

OR

Taking the power away from corrupt politicians 




 This. 




 Queen (with a resurrected Freddie) and Muse opening for Def Leppard. 




 I don't believe in "God", but I do enjoy looking at the architecture, the well-made stained glass, the ornaments. Also the ambiance of other people's holy places always humbles me a little. Despite not believing myself, I can respect that many other people do, and it makes me think. I like the way my mind wanders in these sort of places. 




 Big Gay Al's song from South Park: Bigger. Longer. And More Uncut. 




 On the 9th of January 2011, I decided to apply to university. The deadline for applications was the 10th.

I got into university, left home to move to the other side of the country, met an old friend there with whom I am now in a deeply committed, loving relationship, and am currently living in Australia, half a world and four years away from when I made said decision. 




 Acknowledging that we need to do something about global warming and actually doing something about it, otherwise we'll extinct ourselves OR run out of resources. 




 A tiny freckle on the ass of the solar system...we're not all that big when you compare us to the sun. 




 I have no preconceptions about after death spirit wise, but I do believe if there is anything, it's not connected to our bodies once we go.

Therefore, I would like to be cremated. I like to think of the stuff that made me up returning to the world/universe, and to this end I'd like to be scattered over the sea at my favourite place. 




 The Cold Moon, by Jeffery Deaver. 




 Either; 

- Having to stuff it back into my shorts before cleaning off because whoever was just about to come into the room,

OR

- Getting it in your belly button. That stuff's just annoying. 




 Genuinely, Hitch-Hikers Guide to the Galaxy; the series, so it kinda breaks the rules. But man, did Douglas Adams hide some pearls of wisdom in them among the strange. 




 Ah, I have the understands now. Thanks. 




 C'mon tell me who are you, you, you, aaaah youuuu... 




 Goddamn it, my cover is blown!

*leaps out of window* 




 Who, who, who, who.
Whooooooo are you. 




 Hang off it? Could you elaborate and/or give us a picture example? Because I'm confused. 




 Floating.

Everyone else seems to be able to do it, and I can only do it when I hold my breath (so that the oxygen in my torso keeps me afloat). If I let my breath out my legs drag me down into the water.

I tend to float about two feet below the water line (helpful). 




 I went through (I say through, I didn't ever complete it) it vanilla, and never modded at all. Still extremely enjoyable both as a story, sandbox and to muck about in. 




 Cook, read, go outside and wonder at what this thing called outside is, generally live. 




 - Realised what I wanted from a relationship

- Never cheated again (because now I'm happy)

- Learnt to pursue what I want in life, not dilly dally around

- Learnt who my friends are. 




 Honourable mention goes out to my best friend; when I broke up with my almost seven years girlfriend, I had spent the entire day walking around the nearby lakes, crying and listening to music.

He came out after he finished work (earlier than he had to, I might add), picked me up, took me back to his, supplied me with alcohol, fish and chips, played some online games with me, watched a film with me, chatted to me, and finally gave me a big hug and told me I did the right thing.

If he was on Reddit, he'd deserve to win this thread. 




 Can you elaborate? I didn't become a writer until after school ended, though one English teacher did say she loved a short fiction I wrote for a coursework piece one time...it was pretty straightforward so there was no interpretation involved... 




 24,000 words per hour! 




 There were many...to name but a few...

- Frisbee-throwing a slice of cheese across the playground at one another, it hit a girl we knew in the face. Result = my friend got slapped

- Car Surfing (I'll let you imagine that one)

- Farting VERY loudly in the middle of a drama class (it was at EXACTLY the right point in someone else's piece) (childish I know, but we were kids)

- Skipping school several times for various reasons (to play trading card games, to play the playstation, to just hang out at a park we knew)

And so many, many injuries that I can barely remember them all. 
























