 Life expectancy is determined by a variety of factors. If we look at data from info like the CIA Fact book or other popular sources we aim to correlate the expectancy with other variables like GDP, individual household income, growth rate, etc. and surely will come to find that life expectancy surely has increased when looking the basic models of the demographic transitions. Moreover, although we spend a lot of money on health care; health care is still incredibly expensive in the United States. Medicine and other procedures pick the personal pocket more commonly than the pocket of another person in Europe. It's expensive to the person. So we spend a lot of money on health care in order to make it accessible to everyone; however, it is very expensive to the individual and the majority of the wealth in the US goes to the top 1% leaving a reasonable chunk of the population struggling to afford unreasonable medical expenses. In addition, as seen in other comments, our daily habits have a great influence on life expectancy in addition to other factors you can correlate. Ultimately though, we still have a pretty high life expectancy and in terms of population; it's mind blowing to ponder how drastically the world will change if life expectancy increased by let's say... another ten years. All of this is simply crazy. By 2100, the worlds population is predicted to reach 11 billion people. Just some food for thought
 



















 Out of everything that's happening in the world this "problem" receives the largest response. Well god damn. Maybe this is the solution to world hunger. 




 It's "funny" how some will say that the constitution does not explicitly promise our right to privacy. It's even "funnier" that the constitution doesn't promise the rights it explicitly states.  




 I wonder how all of these comments will change over a period of 100 years. 
























 I haven't heard any news yet. It's probably a heart attack or an aneurysm. But it's surely worth it to be skeptical. 
 




 He " was found unresponsive on the lawn" and "pronounced dead at the scene," but chill out because "no foul play is suspected and the death is considered untimely." Well thank you officer; I'll be able to get absolutely zero hours of sleep tonight.  




 Dear Reddit,
I've reached out to the virtual void to plead for a reason, any reason, on why I shouldn't commit suicide. I'm fully prepared. Please, enlighten me. What would you tell me? In fact, what would you tell your friends, family, or just a lone stranger like me on why he/she shouldn't commit suicide. This is hypothetical, and not in a cruel way. Just what would you tell me?  




 Thanks, this is really great. Wingnut is sick.  




 Oh Susquehanna is sweet. My top is Backpack by Andrew Jackson Jihad. Very popular but brilliant. 




 I've re-entered the world of folk punk and came across Ramshackle Glory, and they're very much like an Andrew Jackson Jihad. Live the Dream is their first album from 2011. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oK-79GfA9s
I'd just check them out. 

 


































 A parallel with the invention of cameras. What a coincidence.    




 I got a 22 on my mac. Definitely going to try on different screens and in different light.
 




 If we develop a strategy to prevent individuals from pressing the button, we could solve a lot of world problems. Temptation and the desire to screw someone over are just so appetizing.  









 I really like taxing negative externalities and efficient energy sources...but what about the private property? What about the harsh economic impact (specifically fewer jobs and expensive infrastructure?) 
What about the environment being an bipartisan issue?
etc.
Does anyone had ideas on technological advances? or just out of the box whacky ideas? Anything!  Like photosynthesizing humans are a great answer. 
 




 Reddit, I'm curious? What do you think the answer to climate change. You don't need to know how to get there, but what is your answer? No need to be practical.  





























 I guess it's all a matter of body theory and personal identity theory. I think Hawkings is Hawkings. He has his own mind; he just happens to be placed in a non-functioning body. It ultimately asks the question: Is Hawkings famous for his discoveries or disabilities?  




 ehh that's arguable. Computers have taken over the extent of which he can communicate in society, but haven't taken him over personally. 









 Just anything that makes you feel.  




 I'm looking for songs with a lot of emotion? Just raw, honest, weird stuff with deep lyrics and raw emotion. Any suggestions.  





























 please santorum, let's foster the political gridlock that is the environment. Hmmm. Maybe we should ostracize science and religion but keep media to make things even peachier.  




 Cheers to NASA for being one of the most underfunded innovators. It amazes me how ambitious and impressive an association can be with such limited funding.  




 It's translated by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky  




 I just started reading The Brother's K. Any suggestions before I start to really dive into it?  




 an entrance into a mind deemed insane. 
there's something beautiful here but also very sad.  









 The world or man?
 
























 Well the formation of a galaxy doesn't necessarily have to occur at the same time as hydrogen and helium combustion. I guess is there any science out there saying a galaxy is isolated among other galaxies because it's attracted to the central mass of that black hole?  














 thus the whole flaw of irrationality 
 




 Ok. Let me apologize. The Soviets certainly attempted to be communist (which is my whole argument), the USSR was temporarily socialist, and ultimately ended up as state capitalists. 
And about the deaths? The USSR resulted in 56-62 million unnatural deaths. 34-49 linked to Stalin: 
http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789
Forced labor camps? Purge Victims? Execution? Prison? 
http://www.gendercide.org/case_stalin.html
This "cleanse" was at the forefront at Stalin's attempt to follow at marxist communist society. I'm not arguing about the USSR and what exactly it's economic system was; that's a long tedious debate. I'm curious as to why individuals think the solution to political reform (in America for the most part) is the result of an entire new economic system. 
 




 "works in theory" is based off of the assumption that we are all rational agents to some degree (with some flexibility), and we all will follow the social contract, etc.; however, it seems nearly impossible to have a theory work in reality if it doesn't include irrationally; thus the need for a societal cleanse in the past.  




 Do you think political reform can simply take place by eradicating the previous system. I feel as most people have this idea of promoting the ideologies of pre-established models that will work in theory (especially communism), but have thus failed in history. There seems to be this hope that a perfect model will ultimately lead to this idealist, utilitarian, eugenic society that is thought to answer all of the world problems? Social and political reform is revolutionary, but in need of a massive paradigm shift in-order to get people on board. Especially in the discussion of communism I find there to be a very hopeful belief of egalitarianism, but most individuals have failed to remember the fast transition (ex. Bolsheviks to Soviets) which obliterated millions of people in order to cleanse the fabric of society. 
 
























 Good point. But no matter what your intentions behind using drugs are, you are inevitably using drugs as a means for an escape.  




 Of course. I meant 'drugs' intended for recreational use (a particular interest in shrooms and bupe I guess) and perhaps many and most can be addictive and toxic, but it's inevitable if you chose to use them.
I understand the possibility of a natural high, but I have some sort of desire for engaging in a drug induced mind altering trip and then take part in some creative activity. I really want to see the limits in which I can expand my mind. Perhaps a lot of this is ignorant and cliche, but I believe there is some truth to it.  




 Poverty is a broken cycle that will never be repaired with welfare. This article highlights misogyny and also subtly mentions poverty on a one-person income basis. It is virtually impossible to have a family and break the poverty cycle (which again, I think this article mentions), but it is also very difficult for the individual who if he/she is lucky enough to get a job to find the motivation to work harder than the majority of americans when he/she is alone.  




 Hi! I'm a student at a pretty well-known private boarding school in New England. I'm looking to submit a research paper (or just an abstract) to any publication willing to take it; however, I'm having trouble finding a publication (it does not have to be peer-reviewed) to accept high school student's work. I conducted social science research and worked with a data analyst for the national headquarters of the Sierra Club. My paper is around 8000 words, and all of it is incredibly legit. Any suggestions
 




 Reddit,
I have never done drugs, and I'm very much against them. My mother was an addict, now just a heavy drinker as with my father, so I don't want to screw over my life: simple. My parents have taken on the role of whom not to become, but I want to experience that creative urge; that subconscious realm of reality that is drugs without screwing up. 
Any suggestions? 
I want to experience everything (that's kind of my life's philosophy) and right now, I'm looking for an escape where I could "find myself". 
Thanks!
EDIT* Follow up question: Personal experience stories? 
 




 I'm reading the Brother's K and this idea popped up. I can see why in terms of poverty but is there anything else I'm missing?  




 Funny how this popped up. I'm actually listening to the song right now: I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star
In somebody else's sky, but why? Why? why?
Can't it be, can't it be mine
We, we, we, we, we belong together! Together
This part of the song always gets me; it's so raw and emotional. Perhaps one of the most emotional songs I've ever heard. 
Somedays, at this part of the song, I really want a music video. 
























