




 amazing! you are so lucky because you can enjoy such beautiful scene on your way to work. i just meet the crowd of people every day.  




 what's the karma for? 




 so you mean they use the same number in different movies? why? why 555 can not be used? and they can just create a number that doesn't exist.  




 I always do the same thing as you. even if i have watched them for more than once, i still enjoy them when i watch them again! 




 you mean you will watch them again and again?  




 yeah! totally agree with you. Friends is still funny and i do think good sitcoms will never be outdated! besides, i enjoy Good Luck Charlie very much.  




 recently, i have been watching the Friends. but i found some of the plots are unfit for our life now. so i wander if anyone will still choose to watch TV series years before? 




 i like the photos with the natural scenes and this one is good. 




 my friends recommended me to see this TV series and it is really out of my expectation! it is awesome! 




 it is interesting, i am thinking about making a similar one for my boyfriend to give him a surprise.  




 looks delicious and easy to make. i will try it this weekend! 




 i am not quite sure but it seems that i know this scene.  




 It is said that the movie intended to make people pay attention to the protection of wild animals. but i think it might have some backfires.  





























 thank you for offering the message for me! i really appreciate it because i can find movies with these messages.  




 It's OK, people can understand you. So, don't worry. :) 




 environment, economy, peaceful and happy life! 




 I don't think it is just accidental because I believe there must be some reason. Since it is an interesting detail, i think it is designed to be like this.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two pictures are actually interesting.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two picture are actually interesting.  









 Final Destination. I watched this movie with my friend but I also felt scared!! 




 I can't wait to see it! the Batman is awesome!! I love this! 




 **The Pursuit of Happiness**. 
this movie was released in 2006 and i have been always love this movie. it is said that this movie was based on the true story of Chris Gardner, who had been homeless for near one year.  




 yeah, i love the movie,too. And the sentence: Life is a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get! 




 OK, I see, so that they reserved the number for every movie?  









 i think it is hard to strictly follow the 20-20-20 rule although it seems helpful.  




 so many steps to follow, but as i love onion rings, i would like to try!  





























 I will watch some foreign movies, but i 'm worrying about the understanding of the words without the subtitle.  




 Harry Potter has always been my brother's favorite movie. The spinoff film obviously will make him excited.  




 Hope they can create an excellent movie for us. Looking forward to this movie.  




 So you guys are interested in horror films? I have to say that I won't watch horror films alone. I would ask my friends or my brother to watch them with me.  




 Some believe that this green color seems to be used to describe where their powers came from. However, I am still a little bit confused that this is the volcano so that the green color may be unreasonable.  




 Jackie Chan is one of my favorite Chinese actors. His action movies are really excited and excellent!  




 It's so cute and lovely. BTW, I think it looks more like a dinosaur than a dragon.  









 Well, i think some animals may cry, too. but just not in front of human beings, or not as a baby but the adult. such as lions, apes, tigers and so on. Baby born with the human nature and since they were first brought to the world, they need to cry to announce he/she was alive and healthy. therefore, i think baby's crying is forgivable.  




 I won't mind talking about salary with my friends. I think by talking about our salary, we can know the welfare in different workplaces so that we may have the chance to choose a better job for ourselves.  









 As a girl, now I know all these movies. next time if I were asked to watched one of these movies, i think i would think twice to figure out whether i would agree or not.  




 what's the differences between 8mm, 70mm and other size?  




 Two men kissing? Did you cut it down?  
























 It will be totally different from the Superman we have watched. I think it may be funny when I see Nic Cage playing the Superman in the screen.  




 It depends on whether I would like to cry out or I want myself to cheer up. If I want to cry out to release my sorrow, I may choose a sad story or something that will move me. If I would like to cheer up, i would choose the Pursuit of Happiness or Forrest Gump.  




 What do you mean? You mean the life in the movie is not our real life? Yes, robot is not so popular in our life now but we are doing so many researches to develop new products like the robot. So maybe the life in the movie will one day become our real life.  









 Shaun is now very famous. Not only the kids like him, but also some adults. I love him,too. Because he looks very cute.  




 Many people like the series and i think the sheep is cute, too. Charles Chaplin's Modern Times also has few words but it was a great success. So I think the sheep doesn't speak won't be a problem.  




 That will be great!!waiting for you to share more interesting things on your way to different places with us and good luck! 




 Your parents were born there but they immigrated to the USA? So will you choose to move to there one day with your parents? Will your parents allow you to do so? Or you will just spend time to travel and live there for a short period of time?  




 You might have your ideal place to live in and there may be one country that fits your requirement. share it with us.  




 The innocent people will soon get into trouble themselves because they are living in the society.  




 Oh yes! This is exactly me. But you have to make something to eat first and take a shower. Then, you can go to bed with the awareness that  you have to get up early next morning. It's a sad story.  




 As an adult, I think I should know how to deal with different complicated situations. But, I'm afraid that I'm still relying on others' suggestions to help me.  




 yeah! I noticed them. besides, the left side has some faces, too.  




 I really love the natural thinks and the photo with trees, clouds and lakes in it. This photo is amazing!! 




 Amazing!!i love natural things and the photo took with trees, clouds and lakes! I love this!! 
























 I'm still on my way to realizing my dream now and i will appreciate you for sharing your experience with me and give me some inspiration.  




 Yes! You're right! I love her, too!  




 I really enjoy these photos and I appreciate your sharing.  




 One flower girl once got the chance to get language training and later become an elegant lady.  




 Glad to see some of the movies I like are on the list like The Fair Lady and Forrest Gump.  




 Seems like if you were the superman, you would be very busy.  




 OK, i see. :) 




 What does your step 3 mean? 




 Yeah, it's reasonable. More robots will make our life easier and since making things is faster cheaper, people won't have so much pressure as they have now. Automation will do good to our society in some aspects. But don't you think it will also have some side effects?  




 But if there are robots every where to do things for human, or when the things being done by human become being done by robots or other automatic machines, the unemployment rate will rise. what are the things for human beings to do?  




 Superman, Batman, Captain American, these are all the heroes in the movies. if you become one of them one day, what will you do?  




 It seems like the reasonable analysis. So you are for the idea of making as many robots as possible to help us in our life?  




 Taking over the world may seem cool, but I don't think it will be fun. From the perspective of human beings, you have so many responsibilities and you should consider so many things for human beings, too. But I believe you will be the machine king one day. Try to make machines that will help us at that time.  




 The dialogue between the father and son when they were playing the basketball in the Pursuit of Happiness. 
" You got a dream, you gotta protect it."
" Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something, not even me. "  




 Wow, it seems you will take a lot responsibilities on saving the world. Keep going then! :) 
























 Final destination 




 I think most celebrities have acted in films as unnoticeable roles before they are famous. So go check the films years before, you may find the famous actor today playing the unnoticeable role there.  




 Urban Legend  




 I agree with your idea. People nowadays always feel helpless with something in their life. So they are expecting power to solve the problems or expecting people with super power to save them. that may be the psychological reason of why people will buy this kind of films.  




 Yeah, that may be the main reason.  




 Why people always think alien to be so strange and horrible thing? Although we haven't found out aliens in other planet yet, we can also regard them as friends, not always our enemy.  




 But women often prefer older men in rel life too.
Why? I don't think so. My friends sometimes talk about this and they all want to find boys just one or two years alder than them to be their boyfriends.  




 then why they can be so popular?  




 but the reason that these films can help the film maker make money is that people buy it, which means people like to watch this kind of film. why? 




 I love this movie. And I sometimes really want this time machine to be the real thing in our life so that we can have more choice to choose the life we like and change something we don't like.  




 I find that most of American movies are about adventures, disasters happen to our earth or something bad in our life so that they can create a super hero to solve all these problems. These super heroes are sometimes imagined like the Superman and the Spider-man and sometimes it is a real man. Is this the rule of making popular movies? Or there are some other reasons?  




 But we can realize what destruction natural disasters will make. According to the development of technology now, some machines used for predict the earthquake works now. Therefore, human beings can predict natural disasters and take actions to reduce our lost. it is the development of the world. If Pompeians knew it in advance, then they could leave Pompeii to avoid being killed by this disaster.  




 Our teacher show us the documentary of Pompeii and I have watched the movie Pompeii myself last month. I was shocked by them because all the things happened at that time were something we can never imagined. I think it worth seeing because it can arouse our awareness of protecting our environment and keep developing our technology of observing the natural disasters.  




 Pompeii, although it was not actually a documentary but something directed according to what we've seen in Pompei today. I do think we should watch this.  




 Make everyone hate you is easy while make everyone like you is not. You can just do the same thing to everyone like smoke in the public or talk about someone's privacy loud to others to make everyone hate you. But you should do different things to different people to make them like you. And this is not easy at all.  
























 I will, if possible  




 Great! waiting for your new movie and good luck :) 




 Haha, so will you choose to watch it again if you get any chance?  




 Yeah, word of mouth can make every movie successful. 




 Does this mean we have no more 007 series? What a pity! 




 I see~ So have you ever thought of the things about your second movie?  









 Why did you choose Suspicion to be your Directorial Debut? I mean you must have had some choices and why you finally chose Suspicion?  




 But creating heroes in the movie doesn't mean creating the heroes in our real life. In my opinion, in order to fulfill people's desire of heroes we need to make our nation stronger.  




 I can't agree more. And this kind of films are popular outside America, which enlarge the market and gives the film maker more profit to make. But now I want to know what things they will make into hero in the future. So far we have iron, spider and so many things. It seems that children and boys are more addicted to this kind of films.  




 Yes, so I mean there won't be so many women who want a guy at their father's age to be their boyfriend.  




 Haha, the monster on the cover is very cute.  




 Ant-Man has arouse heated discussion recently but I haven't seen it. Do you think it worth watching? I am thinking about finding a time to watch it with my friends.  









 16 maybe 
























