 Spoilers...  




 Amazing name you have, haha 




 Huh? Is that supposed to be the Human Being?...  




 I haven't seen it yet but I've heard good things and want to see it 




 Bad Words and Chef. I don't remember much being posted about either but both are really good 




 As credible as any rumor. It's false until proven true from a official source 




 If it doesn't have the little blue indicator by it, for a page that big and a topic like that, it's not a verified page.  




 That's not an official page and that is just a rumor. Nothing to see here. Move along. Move along 




 Good. Keep those characters on the original Agents of Shield.  




 I know but still, no other characters have bled into the other movies 




 Considering The Force Awakens takes place 30 years after Return of the Jedi, Obi Wan died in a New Hope which is a few years before that, was a 60 year old hermit at time of death, and Domnall Gleeson is 31, I'd say YES! 

But no, really, probably not.  




 I am in the exact same boat... Exact.  




 I just recently did. It's not that it's bad, it's just less good than others. And to me, it's equal with 6 right now. The only season that's less than "really good" is Season 4. 




 I love that movie. It separated itself from Iron Man to make it feel original yet still fed into the Universe very well 




 Other than your power ranking, I agree. It's been really good. My ranking would be 2  3  5  6 = 1  4.  




 He kinda reminds me of James Spader. Not sure why. 




 Not me. I thought Captain America was too cheesy to be good as a movie like Iron Man. That first movie proved me dead wrong. And he has been one of my favorites personally and has had the best movie (The Winter Soldier)  




 For sure!  




 In a lot of ways, yes, but it still will be a Cap movie and go through his arc. The whole story will feature all of these characters but most likely will be told from Steve Rogers' perspective.  




 It's usually lame, makes the movie darker and less clear. The only good example I can think of is Avatar because it was actually filmed in 3D rather than thrown together in Post. Sometimes it's not bad, but I'd never choose 3D over 2D unless that's the only way I can see it in IMAX 




 That cast list is HUGE! And Amazing! Finally tying The Incredible Hulk movie back in with General Ross, tying in Ant Man and Black Panther, AND current Avengers. This could be better than  the Avengers movies!  




 Yea, some movies are or do both but it's not always an option nor is it as regular as IMAX 3D as an option.  




 I have one by me, didn't know that though. I've seen a few movies there and it's incredible. Just never knew they couldn't do 3D. 




 You are probably right, but I hope it is actually made for true IMAX. I actually have one close by that is awesome when something has true IMAX shots. 




 That's an interesting option 




 I've seen it for a few movies here in America but it's not a popular option only because Studios make more money on IMAX 3D 




 Well, it's brand new technology so we'll have to wait and see I think. 




 For sure, I'm sick of either getting a small screen or straight to IMAX 3D. IMAX 2D should be an option.  




 That is going to look amazing! The first movie fully in IMAX, cannot wait 




 In the wake of JJ saying that he is removing some of the references to the other movies, I truly have hope that these movies will stand on their own rather than just pieces of nostalgia. Familiar but new 




 I use chrome for the functionality. It's a little slow sometimes and needs a "desktop only" mode buy other than that, I like it 




 That is awesome to hear! Thanks for the quote.  




 It was a moment of aggression after someone called me a shitty fan. Anyway, I agree with you. The Wild went to the point for way too many shots and barely ever got a loose puck. Among many other issues. I still believe we have the talent, we just need to get our shit together.  




 An educated discussion about hockey was not called for when he said "I must not watch much hockey" and that I'm a "shitty fan". My response was warranted. Im also a former player, which I assume most of us are on here. You know what really made us look Dumb? Losing. The chanting is the crowd trying, clearly unsuccessfully, to get something going. Again, I'm not a huge fan of the "goalie name" chant and I didn't even participate in it because like you said, it won't work on Crawford. But I understand the reasoning behind it.  




 Exactly how am I a shitty fan? 




 Haha, I've been to more games than you've seen on tv or otherwise. 




 I WAS there, i didnt participate in it, but i understand the real reasoning. Yes, there are some dumbass fans, but that is what it is meant for. 




 Not really. As i said, its meant to get in his head and make him screw up. It clearly didnt work tonight. But chants aren't only meant for after a goal or when we are winning. We need to keep the crowd active, support our team, and get it rowdy to distract the opposite team. Im honestly not a big "Goalie name chant" fan anyway, but that is the reason for the chant. 




 I never boo my team but the "CRAAAAAAWFOOORD" chant is meant to psych the goalie out and get into his head. He did play a great game, sadly, but the chant isnt saying "You suck" its saying "Screw up". Now, if we started the "Sieve" chant...then you would have a major point.

There is a similar chant in College hockey that DOES mean "you suck". That would go "Craaawford...Craaawford....Craaawford...SUCKS!". I think that is what you are thinking of. 




 Never sure about the character on GOT but really like the actor 




 1. Sam Jackson and Gazelle did not have phones with the SIM card that creates aggression. Nor were they close to any of them, therefore it wouldn't affect them. The chip was explained to people getting one put in them that it was to not get affected but really they were control chips.

2. He got the chips to explode because he knew they could be set off (as it did with Mark Hamill's character). Again, the chips were truly meant for control. Not sure what the full potential of them were as we never got that far in the movie but he could use them to Kill someone that betrays him.

3. Eggsy was in the military and learned combat from there, the rest came from the Kingsman training which took place over months (we only saw portions of it but you'll notice the amount of time passing be Eggsy's hair length). 

4. Roxy was clearly not quite as good as Eggsy as he helped her along the whole training. Plus she had not directly dealt with Valentine.  




 I'm really liking the Twelfth Dr. Who. But I think the Eleventh Dr. Who is my favorite so far.  




 Just wasn't on my mind anymore because you were so unimportant. You don't even piss me off, you are just a nat that won't go away is all. You also base my taste in movies off of one movie, wow. And just to shut your trolling down, this is my last post in the thread.  




 But I've already gotten to you. I forgot about this thread and you are still running on. And you are right about one thing. You can't get somebody when you are wrong. I can't be gotten. Hahaha 




 BAHAHA! You are still on this?! Man, I really got to you, is your eye twitching yet? 




 No, haha. Not many on message boards or friends agreed at the time. I know I'm not that important.  




 The Amazing Spider-Man did okay critically and good financially but is still the 4th highest grossing Spider-Man film behind even Spider-Man 3. And The Amazing Spider-Man 2 had worse critical reviews and is the 5th highest grossing Spider-Man movie, out of 5. But anyway, my point was more to the fact that a third was not made and rights given to Marvel and Marc Webb has no movies lined up. 

Also, I'm not saying it's impossible for new directors to lead a blockbuster, Jon Favreau had little experience and did Iron Man, as you said. James Gunn did Guardians. My complaint was specific to Marc Webb, he did music videos and one mediocre (in my opinion) romcom. And I wasn't entirely wrong because The Amazing Spider-Man franchise didn't exactly become the next Iron Man or anything. It's not all his fault but I still don't believe he was the right choice 




 Maybe he was initially cast or something. He would be great on the show though. 




 Not exactly but he wasn't a plus to either movie. He had no action experience and barely any feature movie experience. And people aren't exactly lining up for him to direct their script. 




 I agree with you on the story. But the product was cool for a single watch. 




 500 Days of Summer. Great cast but it was so slow paced and didn't ever go anywhere. Yet everyone seems to like it who have seen it. Especially around the time The Amazing Spider-Man had just attached Marc Webb as director. I felt it was a terrible choice. No one listened. We all know how that ended up. 




 Im not being a dick, im truly curious. Why stop? The rest was just filling OP in on what happened so their not disappointed with Season 4 and not continue on because 5 and 6 are great. 




 Why, if you are such a big fan, have not watched all of Community or kept up with it? Also, just so you know, Season 4 was not done by Dan Harmon as he was fired. Then he was hired back for season 5. Community got canceled due to the low viewership, and then revived on Yahoo Screen for Season 6. 




 Pretty sure it's a behind the scenes photo 




 They are white/cream. Where did you get it?  




 What is the color of the Jersey? Can you provide a photo of it?  




 Exactly 




 I'll still see both and hold any real opinions until I at least see some footage but I'm skeptical now just because those two topics can very easily be botched. 




 I get that for sure 




 Not twitching at all. You can have your opinion. I'm not trying to change it at all. I'm only trying, apparently unsuccessfully, to make you understand that the majority opinion of something doesn't revolve around your viewing of a film, nor mine. 




 No, not at all. I just don't see how people think they outright sucked this past game. We made a few costly mistakes which we should rightfully gripe at. I'm talking about the people who said we straight up sucked and have give up. Wasn't really meant directly at you 




 My evidence is based on all critics, box office numbers, and everyone who saw the movie who has a rotten tomatoes account. Yours is based on a few reddit posts out of the many enjoying it, you and your friends, and your opinion on what people who haven't seen the movie yet will think. No matter the movie, you are in the minority. I can say for fact that most people who have seen the movie enjoy it and most critics as well. You can speculate what the future viewers might think. Far from fact. 




 All I'm saying is they didn't score any goals by naturally coming into our zone and scoring a goal. They were all caused by our mistakes which, if fixed, can allow us to win. By the way, it's unbelievable that I'm defending our team against our own fans. Where is our loyalty to a team that actually did play well expect for a few costly breakdowns 




 Yes, there were some but no different than them at some points in the game. You are taking the negative points in our game and amplifying them to outweigh what we did well under the circumstances.  




 You don't have to like the movie, but you were trying to make the point that your opinion is the majority which it is not. Not saying I'm right either. Just that I'm in that majority in liking it. And I'm actually not deep into fanboydom. I've not read any of the comics, just enjoy most of the films, including this one. No my soul does not hurt every time somebody doesn't love Marvel. Having said that, it should be expected to receive defense for a movie that a majority of the people who have seen it, like it. No matter what it is. 




 Glad you have a few friends you can hate on the movie with. That is clearly the minority opinion. As shown by the amount of money it brought it, the critical acclaim, and the audience praise, the movie is good to most. 

Just because you, your friends, and a few posters on reddit don't like it, does not make that the majority opinion.  




 I'm fairly sure movies like this one are made for people who generally like superhero movies. The people who are going to go see it, for the most part, enjoyed the first one and understood it. Clearly those people will understand and enjoy this one. All of the critics that are going to write a review have already done so and it's at a 75% which is damn good (albeit, not as good as the original but still very good).  




 [Yea...because people hated Age of Ultron](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/avengers_age_of_ultron/)  




 Our defense had a few breakdowns of which the blackhawks capitalized each time. If it weren't for those, they would not have had any goals. The D had 3 turnarounds that resulted in 3 goals which sucks and is unfortunate but other than that, we played well. If we can tighten up the D to not make those mistakes, we can beat them. The team as a whole did not look sloppy nor marginal, otherwise it would have been 7-0. We had strength, good passing, Good scoring chances, control, speed, and cool heads (especially after getting down again).

3 mistakes cost us the game but that does not make our game play diminished besides those.  




 You lost me at the title 




 It's only a meltdown if we just suck and lose out. Both games we played well. Sometimes better than them (others pretty even). We just have to adjust some things to have less turnovers. 3 out of the 4 goals were off of Wild Turnovers yesterday. To give up on a team after two games is a cop out. It's not true fandom.  




 Have a little faith. We lose two really close games and you are counting us out? Cmon... That's just bandwagon BS.  




 He was great in the role. I would like it if they revived him or saved him but the death does hold a lot of weight. Either way, this role opens up an already good career for him 




 Look at it this way, since it wasn't well received, if it didn't have the 7th Doctor, there would be no reason to consider it canon. A lot of people have grown to love the 8th doctor due to his audio stories and The Night of the Doctor. None of that would potentially exist if it weren't for 7's regeneration to 8 being shown in the movie. 




 That's alright. At least you tried.  




 Absolutely not. I'm watching it in the Theater for the first time. No two ways about it.  




 Glenn said that that was a mislead and that is not The Waitress' name. But thanks for playing 




 Spider-man 3 




 The 2nd one wasnt perfect but i still thought it was really funny. 




 Haha! That makes me happy that someone got it 




 Season 7 is my favorite season. 




 I would have loved that. 




 Yes. But the fact that they had him it made it better 




 Anybody else pissed that the one guy pounding on the glass with seats behind the net is still there from the last game? 




 The casting of 8 and having 7 in it for the transition. Other than that, it's just okay for me. After seeing 8 back in the Night of the Doctor, I reeaaaally would like to see more of his later years 




 No fakes look decent... 

Edit: Seriously. They are always off colored, have terribly fake looking patches, the numbers/name stitching is shotty. Not even close to the real thing. At the last game I was at, I literally saw one that had the Wild logo Tilted fully on its side. How could they think that was legit or look good?  




 Grilled Cheese wins. But only in a fair fight. If it's prison rules. I'd take the taco.  




 Hulu  




 Sports scores, package tracking, flight tracking, email reminders, TV show reminders, weather, etc. It's very useful once you get used to it and start using it more 




 Yes, but without the trial and going to jail and everything. I liked the Seinfeld finale but for IASIP it would be great if it were literally just like any other episode 




 I've said it before but my perfect finale would be just like any other episode. And after its all done, Mac would run in saying "Guys! I got News!" Then it would cut to black and do the usual "Thursday" "2:30pm" "Philadelphia, PA" with them discussing their next scheme in the background and then all the way through the credits. The End. I like to picture that even after we end with them, nothing ever changed and they continued their shenanigans after.  




 Wow an article talking about how bad a movie is when critics and moviegoers agree it was great and providing no proof nor examples of why it was bad.  




 It's available for purchase as a Digital set as well. It's not on Netflix or Hulu or anything. Basically, if you want to watch them, you have to buy them. As it should be.  




 I just went on Taptu and saw that the app was being retired on March 31st, 2015. This was my favorite app, anyone else have a RSS reader that is similar in setup? 

I have now tried Feedly and Palabre and both are ok but have terrible or no widgets and no way to flip easily from site to site. 

EDIT: Thank you all for the suggestions, Ive checked out everyone's suggestions and am testing between Paperboy and Palabre. Both are nice apps but need some work so I'll stick with both until one gets better than the other. I still miss Taptu.  




 I go to /Film and ComingSoon.net for movies and they have some TV News but is there a good website that is similar to those but for TV (besides this subreddit)?  




 It feels like the season started last week. But man, it has been a really good one. What is your favorite episode or moment from Season 10? 




 Jesus...Am I the only one who had to work today? I know I don't hold the right to complain about stuff being spoiled but I'm dying inside with every minute I can't watch the new episodes... Only an hour and a half left...  




 I personally hope we have at least an appearance from Shirley. And that Troy comes back obviously. I also am excited about the new characters. My expectations are about medium because I love Community but we are now missing 3 of the main study group members. But I have faith in Dan Harmon. How about the hint to more paintball (Dan's photo of Chang's gold gun)?  




 I was just watching Attack of the Clones and wondering if the scenes in Anchorhead where the Lars family lives (Luke's home in A New Hope) were filmed in the same location/same sets in Tunisia? I searched Google and couldn't find much. Just thought it would be really cool if they used the same filming locations/sets.  














 So I just got back and it was hilarious! Definitely not as classic as the original but found myself with uncontrollable laughter a lot! I know some people will see it differently but I really thought it was funny. Anyone else see it or want to know anything?  
























 No clue, haha 




 The app for Excel is incompatible with my device. Lame 




 I'm not Indian but I really didn't find it that offensive towards Indian people/culture any more than any other shows doing the same towards American culture/people. It was just a funny comedy show 




 [Is this a joke?](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-Men:_Apocalypse) 




 Mine would be Outsourced. It was on NBC for one season and was surprisingly funny.  




 Also Undeclared 




 [Takers](http://static.stereogum.com/uploads/2009/09/takers_poster.jpg). Worst photoshopped poster ever 




 He finally had surgery at the end of Iron Man 3 to remove the rest of the shrapnel, which was the reason he had the arc reactor in his chest. So the issue was solved and there was no need for it anymore. It was iconic for Tony Stark/Iron Man but if it is no longer necessary, it would only be kept for fan service. Plus, it is still a part of Iron Man because it powers the suit 




 My point is that you tried to make a comparison/connection between two shows who share pretty much nothing in common.  




 Better Call Saul is like Lost. Only it's just like the flashbacks, without actually being a flashback, has a completely different plot and purpose, is much more focused, and, well, I guess is nothing like Lost.  




 Ouch...  




 Yea, that's cool. I personally would have liked to have seen more plot but to each their own 




 Windows Vista, although pretty terrible and hated, still was functional and used for years by the general public. Apple maps was a terrible product by a company that had yet to fail in recent years. It was an epic failure 




 Oh, most definitely! I thought that at first too. Either way, great episode 




 The episode is called Charlie Work by the way. The jazz drumming was said by the cast as a true coincidence. When  they made the episode, Birdman was not released. But it does seem like an homage to that even though it is to True Detective.  




 I didn't think it sucked but thought it was okay. I had never seen a Mad Max movie but was convinced by the reviews and people on here to see it. It had good things and bad things about it. Ultimately I left entertained but not blown away. 

Good: The cast, Cinematography, action. 

Bad: weirdness, bare bones plot, action sequences took up too much time of the movie and became repetitive. Little character development.  




 The motorcycle jumps happened a few times throughout the movie (at the meet up point for the deal and at the end with Furiosa's people), same with the bombs and porcupine car attacks. The only one you mentioned that didn't was the pendulum boarding which was towards the end. But as a whole, it was the large tanker in the middle and then all driving on the the sides and doing a few different ways of attack. 




 Nope. Kevin James is a funny person who has done some bad roles. Rebel Wilson is not a funny person in bad roles 




 They were moderately inventive in the first half hour of the movie. Then they became repetitive. 




 Fast   Furious, Need For Speed, and plenty of other movies used practical stunts for the action  sequences. Mad Max is just following the returning trend of using more practical stunts and effects 




 I didn't say it was lacking "a" plot, I said lacking "in" plot, meaning exactly what you said, it was a simple plot. There could have been a bigger plot/reason for the movie.

And no, I have not seen the other 3 movies, which is the reason for this particular thread.  




 I was satisfied, just not blown away like everyone else. The problem though is that every sequence was similar. Yes, it's a chase movie but there could have been way more inventive ways of attack but for the most part it was the same throughout the movie.  




 I saw it because I was convinced by the reviews and the people on here. I thought it was entertaining but was lacking in plot and was very weird. Great cast and Cinematography and the action was good but it took up too much of the movie. It was good for a watch but I didn't leave thinking "I HAVE to see the other movies now". 

I honestly think a lot of people are too afraid to post even if they thought it was just okay because of the potential riotous comments and downvotes but I know my opinion is in the minority so I am ok with it 




 Definitely Community. Also, Party Down, Workaholics, and Broad City 




 I don't have a problem with the action sequences. They were entertaining just not revolutionary like some people have suggested. Nothing about the way they were filmed was particularly new. It was mostly the content of the action that people enjoyed. There have been many movies that, besides the content of the scene, have been filmed/edited similarly. My problem was the content itself. It was very repetitive and took up most of the movie leaving little room for me to even care about what the story is, who these characters are, what the history of this world is. Again, I was entertained, but it wasn't anything more than that for me.  




 I saw the movie and thought it was okay. The cast was great, the Cinematography was great, the action sequences were far too many but decent, the plot was lacking, and mostly it was just plain weird. It was entertaining for sure, and I'll probably get downvoted for this since everyone around thinks it's the greatest movie ever, but to me it wasn't. 

Before you come at me hard, I didn't say it sucked and I know I'm in the minority.  




 This was on Funny or Die yesterday.  




 This isn't where i parked my car! 




 I use the Google Now launcher on my phone and it still works fine 




 I could see that for an episode but not an entire season. It worked in the episode format for Community.  




 I loved those movies when I was younger. I am definitely open to another one! 




 Tommy Boy 




 Good to hear from a similar point of view. I think I'll give it a try. 




 Perfect, thanks 




 Star Wars will be his crowning jewel. It's make or break. I have total faith in him for it, and once he is done, I can't wait to see what he takes on next.  




 So, do the trailers do the movie justice, are they just trying not to give too much away? Because i remember the trailer came out and /Film and other sites were freaking out and as someone who knows basically nothing about the movies, didnt find anything that grabbed me in the trailer. 




 Thank you for this, this is exactly the type of comments i was looking for. 




 So, this subreddit has been gushing over Mad Max: Fury Road and I don't have a problem with that. The reviews back you all up. But for us who have never seen the other movies and are on the fence about seeing it, please convince us why we should see this movie this weekend. Personally, i like Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron but the trailer made it seem over the top and lacking in plot detail.

I know I'm not the only one in this boat, so here is your chance to change our minds. If you don't care, then just move along.

If you have seen it already, please hold on the spoilers. Thanks,

EDIT: Well, that was quick. Thanks for the responses, you have effectively swayed me to give it a chance. Keep the discussion going though for others like myself. Thank you.  




 Amazon has them. 




 Read the user name I replied to 




 No. There isn't in the books either. But there are some very good micro brews made specifically for the parks at the Hog's Head Pub and the Leaky Cauldron 




 Daredevil says Hulk's in the movie. I believe him 




 I don't know, I don't remember seeing signs for it but I heard about it online before going so I ordered it at the Leaky Cauldron 




 Yes, I was there in November and it was brand new.  




 I'd like to see Mad Mad 2: Madder Mad 




 I've never noticed it, have no idea what you are talking about.  




 No problem 




 There are 3 kinds at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Frozen which, as someone else said is like a slushy. Cold which is similar to a Cream soda with Butterscotch, vanilla, and a creamy foam topping. Both of those are tasty and sweet but the best is the third kind, most recent addition, and closest to the book. Warm/Hot Butterbeer. It's delicious and comforting. Hints of vanilla and Butterscotch. It's creamy with the consistency of hot chocolate. It's like the best warm beverage you'll ever have.  




 [Here you go:](http://imgur.com/tflPkv0) 




 You said "and provide contact information" and I assumed you meant the driver's info to report. So sorry for that. Everything else in my last post holds true except for that.  




 GPS speed tracking is fairly accurate when you are in a car on a highway but in a metro area it's not. Not to mention, it's only "fairly" accurate therefore not exact enough to enforce. Then the app would need to save the speed and have some way of proof that that was the speed at that time. Then the app would need to recognize where you are for the specific Speed Limit (which I don't believe exists yet). Then it would need to have access to employee records for the public transportation, employee schedules, routes. None of which is legally available to the public. Even if all of that came together, it would be expensive to build, highly illegal, and have no way of enforcement due to it being a unreliable, non-government issued app that anyone can use to try to get a driver a ticket or worse, lose their job.  




 Request: App that Tony Stark had in Iron Man 2. Ya know, the one used to "Commandeer" government screens in seconds. 

That's my request in case someone finds OP's app for which the technology also doesn't exist.  




 How did you even spot that! Good find 




 Ye have little faith. Yes, his film and television work has been darker in tone but he is a damn good director. I think he was a great choice and I can't wait 




 I'm good with this decision. But he has not been officially cast. Just is officially "in talks".  




 That is true there are different types. In another post on  this thread I stated that in the age of Scary Movie and Not another Teen Movie, Parody has mainly turned into a disrespectful type of comedic Imitation/reference.  




 Didn't even see it.  




 Not in high school. Past college even. And my "knowlege" was "dropped" because even people on here weren't understanding the difference.  




 You used the one example from the villain character of which the entire episode is against. At the end of the episode, that character gets so into the game and he gets invited to play again by Neil who had given up hope until this game. 

EDIT: This is your second reply trolling me, why are you trolling?  




 It was a short gag in an earlier episode. The episode you linked came out a year after Community did their D D episode and i dont follow every episode of The Big Bang Theory, just try to watch an episode here and there to see if my opinion changes. 




 No, and you're not the only person to bring up an older example and not read any of my other posts explaining that in Modern media Parody has become what I said. And by no means is that the only type of Parody but simply the most popular use today.  




 Read other comments. Someone else pointed that out and I replied 




 Like I said, it has Everything! Ha 




 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. You get a little of everything, the trio is still at school, some humor, some Horcruxes, it's my favorite movie 




 I didn't make up that name, I've seen it used many other places. And it's not meant to be insensitive,  it's simply a joke on the Internet. Not meant to be taken seriously. I apologize if I offended you, that was not the intent.  




 Exxxxxxactly.  




 Hence the words "Modern Media" in my other post. Since those days of pure Parodies have come the Scary Movies, Not Another Teen Movie, etc. Times have changed and parody, for the most part, seems to come along with a negative connotation or disrespect of the source material today. That's not always the case but is quite a bit and in the case of The Big Bang Theory, their style of parody is with lack of respect to the source material. Usually Community goes along with Homage rather than Parody. Some people, including Community fans don't notice the difference, which is not a big deal, but there is a difference 




 Ha, yea. Autocorrect on my phone.  




 Parody is simply making fun of something by way of Imitation. In Modern media it is usually used with disrespect towards something. 

Homage is respecting something through Imitation or reference. In comedy, it is used to reference something in respect while also poking fun at it. 

EDIT: Not sure why I'm getting downvoted when I explained the definition of Parody and Homage and how they are typically used in comedy today.  




 Didn't know that but see my reply about Parody vs. Homage. I'm sure it applies 




 Yea, no problem. I kinda was wondering why this was directed at me. But no big deal. Haha. But the one thing I've taken away every time I catch an episode of the Big Bang Theory is that it is not making nerd culture look good or cool. The best description I've heard is that it's Nerd Blackface.  




 Not saying they "can't have more" or that they won't have a callback that would surprise me. Just those are the only ones I want and I don't want it to be too many callbacks to the original trilogy just for fan service. But with what JJ Abrams recently said, it won't be 




 True, but even the "themed" episodes I've seen of The Big Bang Theory are a Parody of something rather than an Homage. Parodies show lack of respect for the source material whereas Homage pokes fun with respect to the source material 




 These are the 2 callbacks that I would love to see, other than that, I don't want many more 




 People who watch the Big Bang Theory aren't dumb (well, of the 20 million that supposedly watch weekly, there probably are some.) but the show is standardized comedy that goes for the cheap laugh every time. There is such a thing as Dumb Comedies being really funny, Big Bang Theory is not one of them (at least for me). 

Community is Advanced Comedy. It's not for everyone because you need to understand the show and it's references and humor. It's smart in the sense of comedy, not actual intelligence. 

I know a lot of actually smart individuals who watch the Big Bang Theory and think it's God's gift to comedy. I completely disagree with them, but they just want to watch something that they don't have to think and that one has a ton of promotion and a ton of viewers.  




 Not sure where it came from but the best back up to this quote is how each show handled Dungeons and Dragons. 

Community: Two full 22 minute episodes dedicated to the game showing how it works and making fun while respecting the source material. All the while having an underlying theme/reason for playing that serves a purpose to further character development. 
 
The Big Bang Theory: A 20 sec gag of the nerdy characters playing it and the girl makes fun of them because it sounds like nerdy gibberish. Makes the characters look weird for playing it and moves on with an unrelated storyline. 

I don't even play D D but which one shows more respect, heart, and was funnier? Community.  




 I like Rainn Wilson and I liked the show but it really wasn't a new concept or that great of storylines. I liked the cast but overall it lost my attention after about 4-5 weeks.   




 Maybe, I'm not ruling it out 




 It got better the last few seasons but still not like it was. But those middle seasons were just blah though, you are right about that. 




 I also am not going to see it because I never saw the originals and this movie didn't pique my interests but let everybody else have their fun.  




 I didn't watch the show but the title turned me off of it. It's called Weird Loners yet it's a show about a few mostly good looking people who are friends therefore not Loners? Again, I didn't watch the show but that's what the commercials showed and that turned me off to even giving it a chance. Possible bad marketing/title 




 Capaldi is a great Doctor, writing was sometimes good, sometimes not. Overall, not the best series, but I'm liking 12 




 This. This. This. This. This. This.  




 No, Lucasfilm plans on releasing a new Star Wars film each year. 

Star Wars: The Force Awakens - 2015

Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One - 2016

Star Wars Episode VIII - 2017

Star Wars Anthology - 2018

Star Wars Episode IX - 2019 




 Spiderman 3. The whole movie I wanted to like it but was just fighting internally because it just sucked and I couldn't deal with the fact that a Spider-Man movie sucked.  




 Goblet of Fire is very relevant. It brought about Harry's name which set in motion the events for the entire book 




 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire sounds so much better than Harry Potter and the Triwizard Tournament. That sounds like a cheap video game. If we are being more on point with what the plot is about then here are some other suggestions that suck. Harry Potter and the First Year at Hogwarts. Harry Potter and the Time Turner. Harry Potter and the Voldemort Return. Harry Potter and the Death of Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Battle of Hogwarts.  




 I'd LOVE to see the Family Guy Star Wars Prequels! There is so much material there 




 Same thread happened earlier this week.  




 Same in the US 




 I dont know which app you use but the Flixster app is quite decent for UV. And any codes you get can be entered straight on Flixster's site. As for the streaming, that must be your internet or app because mine has worked just fine. 




 UV is included in about 90% of the BluRays I buy. I dont purposefully search it out, but it doesn't cost any more than a BluRay without. I do have a UV library and that has been very helpful.  




 Yea, a bunch are core apps and pre-installed ones that you can't remove. Then I have pretty much every streaming app (Netflix, Hulu, Yahoo Screen, Flixster, Chromecast,  etc). 

But some of my favorites are Twee (for tracking the TV shows you watch. It has an awesome widget that tells you what shows are on what days), Paperboy (RSS/Feedly reader for news articles, best one I've found), obviously Baconreader for Reddit, SwiftKey Keyboard, Google Keep for Notes, and Popup Widget (let's you add the normal icon for an app to your home screen but when you tap it, it opens up the widget for that app as a pop up, really cool and great space saver on your home screen)  




 Yes, absolutely! 




 Same here 




 Haha 




 Mmmm, I still like Martin the best. I mean, cmon, he's the president.  




 That is amazing! I've always liked Paul Bettany, I hope this provides a resurgence for his career.  




 Absolutely disagree. I really like his character and the actor. Maybe I just love Mighty Ducks too much but I'm glad he is on the show 




 It felt like a middle movie, and yes it had a lot of setup, but I still think it can stand on its own. I maintain that it was really well done 




 I have a little over 100 apps downloaded. I use labeled folders on my home screens for a lot of them.  




 Realistically it would probably be Season 7 but I'm kinda wanting the Movie just to fulfill the prophecy. I think I would probably like another season format rather than the movie format though 
























 I get Advanced Screenings all the time in my area and get emails every time they are announced. This one I jumped on right away 




 I saw an Advanced Screening last week. If you are a fan of the series, you will like it, as I did. It's not a perfect movie but is a very fun return of the characters with a solid story, great cameos, and the return of my favorite part of Entourage, the behind the scenes of making movies. I loved seasons 1-5 and the rest were alright mainly for the characters. But go see the movie. It's good 




 Baconreader 




 Absolutely! 




 Well, considering a lot of shows had their season finales and others have yet to begin, we are in a slow period.  




 Kick Ass. It's by the same director and based off a comic by the same writer as the Kingsman comics 




 Absolutely not. If I see a movie and like it or dislike it, the only way I'll change my opinion is on a second viewing maybe. But no one should be able to change your opinion otherwise you were lying to yourself in the first place 




 I was 9 when it came out, so I was right in the wheel house for this movie. I received the OT for my 7th birthday and loved Star Wars. I loved the first movie when it came out. 

Now, as I grew up, I started to understand the flaws and people's gripes but overall, it's still an enjoyable film. It's the worst of the series but still a good flick.  




 Anybody interested in the topic of voice overs in trailers, should check out the movie "In a World". It's a great comedy movie that came out a couple years ago 




 Simply styles changed. I think it'll come back. It still exists from TV spots usually.  




 Well said, and I respect that. Thanks 




 I think that's entirely possible. That would make for a very interesting storyline 




 It's more drama oriented and has a lot of slower parts but it is well done and well acted. Sometimes you will find it to be boring, sometimes you will find it funny, sometimes you will find it to be great. It is consistent in that the whole way through. Every season has each of those moments 




 No one knows that Stark and Banner created Ultron besides The Avengers. Shield is not an open organization yet so they wouldn't explain that to anyone. The only thing the world knows is that another bad guy was beat by the Avengers so they look like heroes again. 

In the battle between the Hulkbuster and Hulk, again, no one knows Banner has had mind control. The only thing they see is Iron Man trying to stop him. 

The internal struggle was shown and that will grow exponentially in Captain America: Civil War.  




 Please name a role that he acted poorly recently. Not a bad movie (which he has done), a poor acting job. Everything I've seen him in he is great. Kick Ass, Nowhere Boy, Godzilla, Savages, Avengers 2. Not all of those are good movies, but he was good in even the ones that sucked in my opinion 




 Moffat has specifically stated that there is a reason (that as an audience, we don't know yet) for Peter Capaldi's face showing up multiple times. He said that Davies had a plan for Peter Capaldi and that he spoke to Davies who said that his plan still works. 

When asked again about that, Moffat said it would be referenced first in the first episode of Series 8, which it was, but then never brought up again 




 That's your opinion. But either way, it was only mentioned a couple times in passing this season, it was completely set aside/forgotten. 




 Nothing missing. That's Steve's mom's name 




 I really like the Twelfth Doctor and it had some really good episodes but overall it was a weak season for me. It had too many episodic storylines, almost no series arcs, and got away from the 2 best storylines set up. 1. Finding Gallifrey 2. Why the Doctor's face has popped up multiple times before.  




 /r/MadMax 




 I don't think there is anything behind it. I just think it's funny because he is a badass little kid with a cool name 




 I'm cautiously optimistic about it. It's got a great cast, the writers wrote a really funny movie in Horrible Bosses. I've been wanting another Vacation movie for years, but it is yet to be seen if it can stand on its own without Clark as the lead (even though Chevy and Beverly are in it). The trailer looks pretty funny but the connection seems loose to the original series, that could be a good thing though too. We'll see. I'll definitely be there opening weekend though 




 Aaron Taylor Johnson. He is getting some good roles right now but doesn't get the credit he deserves.  




 Arrested Development (Netflix), Party Down (Hulu), Broad City (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), Workaholics (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix) 




 I hate trailers that start with a low "BWAAAMP" and the some footage a for a few seconds. And then another "BWAAAMP". Some more footage for a few seconds. Then quick flashes of footage with a "BWAMP" for each one. It's a terrible trend and tons of trailers do it 




 he is not a human. That's like asking why we have 2 eyes.  




 Too late... 




 His last movie Get Hard was actually really funny 




 /r/MadMax 




 I was coerced into seeing it opening weekend due to hype on here and reviews and thought it was just okay. I honestly think everyone who wants to see it, saw it.  




 Party Down (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), House of Cards (Netflix), Orange is the New Black (Netflix), Game of Thrones (HBO), Parks and Recreation (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix), Broad City (Hulu), Friday Night Lights (Netflix), Sherlock (Netflix), Breaking Bad (Netflix), Sons of Anarchy (Netflix), Arrested Development (Netflix), Community (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), Tyrant (Hulu), The Goldbergs (Hulu), Brooklyn Nine-Nine (Hulu), etc. 

Sorry for the long list but there are just so many good shows out there. If you need help picking one out of this list, give me a little bit more of your style to go off of and I can narrow it down.  




 Easily the best of the year so far for me 




 Kingsman: The Secret Service 




 I don't have sling. The point is, it's not open on all platforms yet and it's exclusive to a few. As soon as it's available on Android, I'm getting it.  




 The way i would watch would be from my Android phone using chromecast to my tv. None of that is supported 




 At this time, it does not. The film rights to Fantastic Four are owned by Fox rather than Marvel. It is, however, possible that a situation like Sony with Spider-Man where a deal could be made to have it, or at least the characters, included eventually. But right now it is separate 




 Honestly a lot of them, unless they were adapted to modern techniques and styles. But the styles have changed so much that they wouldn't work. Same thing for a lot of movies today if they came out in the 90's. They would seem too dark, depressing, etc.  




 Ha, yea 




 I would definitely see another one. I loved those movies 




 I saw both during their respective opening weekends. I am not comparing because they are totally different movies that only share action as a subset of style. Avengers:Age of Ultron, although not as good as the first movie, was still really good to me. Mad Max:Fury Road was okay. I had no prior knowledge of the movies but it didn't blow me away.  




 Kumail Nanjiani's character. He uses his last two silver bullets on Abed and Annie. They show him try to shoot but he is out of Bullets and has to reload. Not super clear but it's him 




 The marketing title is just "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" but it is still referred to as Episode VII by both fans and Disney/Lucasfilm 




 I can't because I don't use an Apple device. Having said that, as soon as they open up to all users, I'm paying for a year up front, done deal 




 You must be Streets Behind if you think I'm not 




 Maybe I'll pick it up again sometime. I've never seen New Girl but you are right about Community (wasn't the same without Dan Harmon at the helm). But I disagree about Parks, I don't think that show was ever stale (besides season 1) 




 He's nobody's 4th Ghostbuster 




 Kimmy Schmidt is a great show. 30 Rock was good for the first few seasons but then it kind of grew stale. I gave it up after that 




 It was intendeaned 




 Times chang, and so did the show. They adapted to being renewed without expecting a renewal or having a plan. They have done their best to create an overall reason for them to still be at Greendale and it has worked out well. It's just different but I still love the show for putting out the quality they still do.  




 Hi Doug,

I had a chance to see the movie on Wednesday for an Advanced Screening and loved it! I'll be seeing it again opening weekend. 

Without giving anything away, do you plan on continuing the story in any way? The movie felt like a rejuvenation.  




 This is going to be awesome!  




 You are in for a wild ride of which you have yet to truly begin. Welcome and enjoy! Also, join us over at /r/community  




 the gang gets extreme home makeover edition. 




 To me, Davies had good standalone stories but a lot of it was still pretty cheesy. Moffat brought the cheesy down a notch and brought a seriousness to some of the stories and had series arcs which I much prefer to episodic work.

I came into Doctor Who after the first two series of Sherlock (for which Moffat won multiple Emmys for writing). So I enjoyed his way of telling a story coming into Doctor Who 




 When I started to watch the show, I started with 9, couldn't get into it so I moved on to 10, same thing so I tried 11, from the first episode I was hooked. After I finished all of 11's stories (at the time), I went back and was able to enjoy 9 and 10 but 11 is my favorite so far. I also believe that Moffat's stories, for the most part, have been better than Davies. But that's just my opinion.  




 Charlie Work is up there for me but my favorite has got to be Chardee Macdennis. I just absolutely love that episode.  




 I love Superbad, I was just pointing out the irony of your post. Anyway, check out the trailer for Chef, I think you'll like it 




 Harry Potter (and every name in that series) 

Jack Ryan

Luke Skywalker

Ethan Hunt

Tony Stark

 




 Sort of comedic but it's just a really good movie I think you both would like. Chef. It's on Netflix and it's great. It's written, directed, and stars Jon Favreau about a well known Chef trying to re-find his groove as a top Chef. Check out a trailer. 

Also, just had to say, you mentioned you like Superbad buy don't like Seth Rogen type Stupid comedies. Superbad was written by Seth Rogen and he is in most of the movie.  




 [Spoilers](#s "John Ellis has put Ari as Studio Head, along with Dana, for one year just as a grooming period to take over for Ellis")  




 Yea, there is a joke about it this season. When the WiFi is not working, Frankie says "I've been emailing the IT lady and everytime it gets bounced back to me". Which makes sense because she IS the IT lady haha.  




 [Spoilers](#s "Maybe")  




 The movie doesn't start with it 




 Didn't see it, but, you do know that Michael Bay doesn't write the score to a movie?  




 Yes I did! Haha.  




 I agree, but they give us a glimpse like they always did in the earlier seasons of the show.  




 He most certainly is 




 It's open for a sequel but doesn't really hint for it.  




 I don't want to ruin the ending [Spoilerish](#s "It's still a comedy so there is a happy ending but I liked how they ended the movie")  




 Ha, I think you will be 




 For the last few seasons of the show, I definitely saw people turn on the show and start giving it a lot of shit. But maybe that's gone now 




 The focus is a lot on Ari in the movie so you will be satisfied 




 Sometimes it felt like an extended episode but it was very much in a movie format. It worked. It never felt long and was very pleasing to a fan. 

I never saw Sex in the City but Entourage on the surface has the similarities (group of people getting  laid) but also, there was some really good story in the early seasons. Anyone who gives this analogy I like to point out season 5 because Vince's career took a dump and he had to be brought back to life and then truly fought for his career.  




 Those were great times but I have to say, season 5's storyline, although at a low point in his career, really brought the best out of the cast 




 I could see that. People will just miss out on the a lot of the inter-workings of the characters. It's like trying to be part of a group of friends that have been together for years and you just joined, you'll get most of it but the inside stuff will go over your head 




 For me, seasons 6-8 got away from what made the show great. The behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. We didn't see Vince make any of the movies and barely got any of the promo afterwards, it was all of the dramatic side stories that took over. Still fun to watch but not as engaging as the first 5 seasons 




 Billy is in a few scenes but more as their friend then part of the story 




 [spoilers](#s "A few new actresses and randoms on a boat") 




 [spoilers](#s "They called it quits on their honeymoon and are getting it annulled") 




 Jeremy Piven is truly great in that role. He again crushes it. It's really a lot of Ari's POV in this movie which is great 




 Probably yea. I think it can stand on its own for some but you will miss out on a lot of the side storylines, relationships, and inside jokes. As I said, the first 5 seasons were really good 




 I think you'll be ok, but it wouldn't hurt to watch at least the last couple episodes. The last few seasons definitely lacked in quality compared to the first 5 but they are still fine to watch. 

If anything, just look up descriptions of the episodes to get the overall storylines 




 I just got out of an Advanced Screening of Entourage and it was really good. I know it's been cool to hate on Entourage lately and some people just don't like it, but Seasons 1-5 for me were really good. 

Anyway, the movie was well done. It had its cheesy moments and skipped over a couple storylines from the end of the show but mostly it brought back what I loved about the show, the comical but sometimes real portrayal of the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. 

It's not a perfect movie, but hell if I wasn't entertained and really loved seeing the characters again.

If you genuinely didn't like the show, no need to comment here, just move on.  




 Very much disagree. One of the better seasons in recent years. It's one of the most consistently funny shows on the air and Season 10 was great. But to each their own 




 If you are talking about the American version, I disagree. I really liked this season, one of the best in my opinion.  




 I preferred the one with the explosion 




 /r/MadMax 




 /r/MadMax 




 It was entertaining but an okay movie for me all together. I had never seen the originals but was told that I didn't need to. It had some good acting and action but it just didn't blow me away. 

And I agree with the others, way too many posts on here about Mad Max. Either head over to /r/moviescirclejerk or /r/MadMax 




 This is a subreddit for the show Community on Yahoo Screen 




 Absolutely amazing. Should have won awards. I was really disappointed when it didn't even receive nominations. Great acting, great story, incredible direction.  




 Most movies with a subtitle are very ambiguous but you understand once you see it. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol.  




 I'd like to see a Season 7 or a Movie. Basically, if we are lucky enough to get any sort of more Community, I'll be very happy! 

Also, I don't think anyone has given up on Community, It's more so that we won! We were on the brink of cancellation so many times until we finally did get canceled, then brought back to life for a very well received and reviewed season 6. We beat the system, anything now is extra which I'm sure we are all thankful for 




 [I don't know what I expected...](http://i.imgur.com/q86myk6.gif) 




 Absolutely. That's why I said they did their best to emulate the tone. It was hit and miss. Still Community but not quite top tier 




 Guillermo Del Toro 




 Today's episode was awesome!  




 I'm loving season 6! Not as good as last season but still really good 




 Season 4 of Community. Dan Harmon and Chris McKenna were fired. New showrunners were brought in and did the best they could to emulate the tone, humor, and quality of the show but it just fell flat most of the time.  




 Yea, I only added myself as a tester for Excel and only am trying to download excel 




 I read that it said it could take up to 4 hours yet it's still unavailable.  




 Ok, thanks! I'll wait a few and try again.  
























 Breaking Bad, Arrested Development, Community, Friday Night Lights 




 Homeland, concept hooked me right away. Great show 




 Absolutely agree 




 Absolutely not. First of all, I want to see it on the big screen for the first time but also, I will be hitting myself for years when I think back about missing the first time New Star Wars theater experience. 




 I've always thought that PoA is my least favorite book, least favorite movie, but it is the best directed and has the perfect look of the series that set the tone for the rest of the series. The gripe about one little thing is ridiculous to claim against the director saying he is the worst. If you think he did a poor job directing, than that's fine. But one small continuity error that has nothing to do with the story and really holds no ground within the context does not make him a bad director. If anything, that should have been caught by the props department, continuity assistants, producers, and lastly the director.  




 I quote movies and TV every day. Most of them are so obscure, the reference isn't even met by most people. 




 I have not seen Chappie (didn't look like something I'd like) but I actually enjoyed Elysium. Sure, it wasn't perfect but still a good movie. I just think the concept of District 9 was the best so far.  




 I'm not better than everyone but I don't use Twitter and to me # is the number sign or pound button.  




 "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" was a textbook in the Harry Potter universe written by "Newt Scamander". 

In 2007, JK Rowling wrote a small version of the textbook for Charity and then due to popular demand, released it to the public.

A few years ago she had a discussion with Warner Brothers and the idea was brought up about adapting the story of the fictional author Newt Scamander into a screenplay to make movie. JK Rowling wrote the screenplay and they are turning a fictional textbook character into a movie franchise.  




 Because he is an old guy that looks like every other old guy. Leonard thinks of himself as cool, young, and unique but Britta is saying he is just another old guy.  




 As I said, I know all of the profit doesn't go straight to the studio, but the percentage is different for each film as is the funding for each film. Warners could have only done distribution and not put a dime into the production of the film, they could have paid for all of it, we don't know. The way the profit is split depends on how much money was put in by which company. When a Studio gets half, that most likely means they only paid half, maybe more maybe less. So as far as Warners making money, we don't know. The movie itself, made money.  




 Kramer? Is that you?  




 I recorded it the other day on my DVR it said "Live. Die. Repeat: Edge of Tomorrow" and I've seen that on websites and other places where you can rent and buy 




 It was used throughout the production of the movie. Only before the release they changed it to Edge of Tomorrow. But what I meant was, I think that "All You Need is Kill" is the best title of the 3 titles used and they should have stuck with that in my opinion.  




 Huh? I never said it was a fact. Just because I didn't spell out that I posting my opinion doesn't mean I think it's fact.  




 I know, I just hate Twitter culture...  




 I would get one if it didn't have a damn number sign on it...  




 Considering it is the best title of the 3, I think it does. But it was also called that throughout production. Edge of Tomorrow is what it was first released as 




 The movie was distributed by Warner Brothers and had 4 other production companies that made the film. We have no idea how or who exactly funded what portions of the film besides the 100 mil in marketing. Even a giant studio like Warners takes in outside investors to fund movies. The split of the take of a movie is only estimated based on basic knowledge of movie gross revenue split. The fact remains that it cost $280 to make and made $370. That's considered a success or at least moderate intake. Not even close to a "bomb". 

The rename has not been specifically stated that it was in hopes to get better home video sales, that's just speculation. The truth is that they already thought "All You Need is Kill" was too heavy with the word Kill in it. They used Edge of Tomorrow but thought it was too stock and finally ended up with a mess of a title in "Live. Die. Repeat:Edge of Tomorrow". If anything, that would decrease sales for people trying to find the movie Edge of Tomorrow.  




 Cinematography is the only one that it might get nominated for. Other than that, there was nothing Oscar worthy about it. I'll gladly take the impending downvotes because someone has to look past the hype and be realistic.  




 Baconreader is a simple design. May not look as nice as Sync but it has great functionality and much more options and settings than others. 

Link me: Baconreader 




 It did $370 mil worldwide in the box office on a $180 mil budget. It was successful. The problem is the studio never liked the title "Edge of Tomorrow" as they thought it was too generic. They added the slogan on Theatrical promotional materials "Live. Die. Repeat." By the time it was released on DVD and Blu-ray, "Live. Die. Repeat." was larger than "Edge of Tomorrow" and Live. Die. Repeat. had taken over as a main title. Confusing as hell and just plain stupid 




 That just puts a big smile on my face, haha!  




 I don't care that much but they need to make a damn decision. 

The script was titled "All You Need is Kill" 

The theatrical release was titled "Edge of Tomorrow" 

The DVD/BluRay released was titled "Live. Die. Repeat."  




 My god, I totally forgot about that Troy quote, so damn good!  




 That was a repeat 




 The gang would spit on him until he ran out of the bar and that would be it.  




 YA BIT?!?  




 Easily the best Shut Up Leonard 




 Troy:" You are human tennis elbow. You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth. You are the opposite of Batman!"

Abed: "I can't remember the name of the girl from that movie... Kids in detention?... Mary Margaret... Molly Ringworm?...You broke me..." 

Annie: "Oh, don't take that. I dropped that class after the lesson on Set-ups. The teacher was soooo old..." 

Shirley:"They remind me of Sam and Diane! I hated Sam and Diane" "We get it! You're Young!" 

Jeff: "Pierce! What is this. What are you doing. Explain yourself."

Britta: "Shut up Leonard! I once mistook 6 people for you at a pharmacy"

Pierce:" Jeff, I think your shirt is trying to get out of your pants"

Frankie:"Jeff says I sound like Abed. I wonder if Britta thinks I sound like Chang. I assume Chang thinks I sound like distant explosions and screaming babies. You know he's unstable right?"

Elroy:"I'm nobodies fourth ghostbuster"

Chang:"Thank you sir. You won't regret this. Unless I rise up against you"

Dean:"Off campus. Im just a Craigular Joe."

Hickey:"Millimeter don't make a difference. Bullets just kinda kill you." 




 Haha! That is absolutely perfect!  




 I've managed to stay away from it all except the first two trailers 




 She wasn't playing the game.  




 It's definitely skippable but there is some decent stuff in there. I'd say watch it but go in knowing that Dan Harmon refers to it, even references it in the show, as "The Gas Leak Year" so it's all just a little off. Haha 




 Still stretching. 




 I have Netflix, Hulu Plus, and have Comcast with the premium package for HBO. I'm not cutting the cord yet but I will cutout Comcast's Premium package in favor of HBONow 




 Finally! Can't wait til I can get rid of the overpriced premium cable package in favor of this. Now just do the $99 for a year subscription and I'm golden 




 [I'll allow it](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ill_allow_it_community.gif)  




 Well said. Thanks for clarifying. As you know, we all are incredibly passionate and protective of Community. Next time, just provide a little bit of context and we all love discussing different aspects of the show. But really, I hope you can move on and watch 4, 5, and 6. Nothing will ever beat season 2 for me personally but I truly think season 5 is very close and it has some of my favorite episodes of the series. 6 has been really good too. All else fails, watch them, and if you don't like them, never watch them again. It won't ruin 1-3 for you. 

Good luck and I apologize for the rudeness before context was given.  




 "Ugh, so much Jim-ing..." 




 That's a big stretch. It could be from Its Always Sunny, Breaking Bad, etc. Could just be something funny.  




 Yes, but Robert California was the WORST 




 Kaitlin Olson, Lake Bell, and Megan Ganz, I'm sold.  




 I'm more intrigued now but I was definitely hoping it would have been a live action role. He is the MoCap king though 




 Ok, so there are others. It works better than the typical cheesy product placement 




 "believeable within the universe" of the movie. You are a moron and not worth my time 




 Well, dang. It was worth a try but I respect that for sure. Since my opinion doesn't hold as much ground as yours, mine is Matt's Bar for sure. Thanks for responding though!  




 True. True True True.  




 I agree with you on rather having a group centric episode instead but it was still funny. 

I do however disagree about Meow Meow Beenz. I love that episode 




 Big fan and love the new show Man Finds Food! 

As someone from Minnesota, I'd like to finally clear the air, if you can remember, which was the better Jucy (Juicy) Lucy Burger? 5-8 Club or Matt's Bar?  




 OotP was rushed at times, I'll give you that. But the tone of HBP goes along with the story, for the most part, it has its lighthearted moments as it is the last year for Harry at Hogwarts but then it gets serious again. Even though that book and movie have the most changes, they are both my favorite book and favorite movie. 

As for DH1, the point of the slow middle is to make it feel that a good portion of time is passing by. I didn't even realize that was the reason until re-reading the book. Otherwise months seem like days in the movie. And it's the calm before the storm. DH2 feels rushed because there is so much that happens, yet it's only the last quarter of the book. It is meant to feel like things are all happening at once to show chaos. You watch those two together and they provide one of the best adaptions of a book I've ever seen. 

As for the visuals, as I said in another post, that has to do with the Cinematographer, not the director.  




 It was the most unbelievable part of the movie. Everything else within the universe of the movie was believable except that. You come and call someone a stupid person and you yourself used a stupid use of language and then called me a smart ass teenage girl. If anyone is stupid, that would be you for coming at me with nothing but stupid Grammer, nothing to back you up, and name calling based on you not being able to handle that someone doesn't like something that doesn't make sense 




 They are a sponsor of the show, it happens all the time. Subway is the biggest one, popping up for funny spotlights in Chuck, Pawn Stars, etc. The difference is that I've never seen another example of building story around advertisers other than Community with Subway and now Honda. Dan knows they need advertisers and product placement to survive so like I said, he shines a light on it and makes a story out of it. It's either that or they have to shamefully and awkwardly put their products in multiple episodes and mention them. You make that part of the story and it's hilarious 




 I believe, but could be wrong, that they spent the same as any advertiser to have product placement in the show. The difference is, instead of just showing a Honda or bringing it up casually, Dan Harmon likes to make a story out of it like he did with Subway. There is no need for it but of you have to do it, why not blow it up and shine a light on it and make it into a hilarious storyline?  




 The third movie was the first to have a darker palette. They tried to keep that continuity throughout the end of the series, sometimes definitely too much. But the dark color palette again isnt chosen by the director. Yes, he oversees but overall he lays that to the cinematographer as that is their job not the director. Yates isnt the greatest director ever but he is very solid and made some really good Potter movies. He is used to the universe and will bring the feel of that to Fantastic Beasts. 




 That would be the cinematographer and post production teams mostly 




 Ya know, we are only unwelcoming and awful when someone comes in and puts up a cryptic post that says "Did anyone else stop after season 3? I did. And i think i'm happy with that." From my perspective, that shows a lack of respect for the show past season 3 and a lack of respect for the people that still watch it. Your topic and first comment made it seem as if you were against the show as it is now.

As for the rest, you are very confusing on what you've seen, will not see, where you started, left off. First you say that you stopped after season 3. Then you said you stopped in the middle of season 3 due to "network changes and Harmon normalizing". Then you said you only started in the middle of season 3 and didn't have a chance since then to continue watching (all seasons are on Hulu and DVD and season 6 is on Yahoo Screen for free). Then you said you saw a few episodes of season 4. I am very confused.

EDIT: We actually are a friendly and welcoming subreddit but very protective when someone seemingly comes to troll (I now know you arent but it seemed that way). Anyway, just watch 4, 5,   6. You will struggle through 4 but will be rewarded with 5 and 6. 




 If you were too obsessed, you would have kept watching. The thing you must know is that Dan Harmon never "normalized" anything due to the network pressure. In fact, he was fired for his push back and doing what he wanted. Then season 4 was not good without him so they brought him back for a great season 5 and 6. The cast changes are tough but it's still great. 

What you are saying is like having a kid and loving it so much and as its growing up and is influenced by the outside world, you kicked it out on the street and left it for dead only for that kid to thrive without you. 




 Other than Alfonso Cuaron, he did the best job directing. You do realize scenes being added/changed/removed is mostly who wrote and produced the movie who is Steve Kloves who wrote the screenplay for every movie but OotP and David Heyman who produced all of the movies and is producing Fantastic Beasts. I mean, David Yates had influence on how he wanted the movie made and was able to remove scenes filmed in editing but he does not typically choose what is included and excluded in the script.

As for the tone and pace of his movies, i think they were very well done. Alfonso set the tone in the third movie and David Yates brought that back in OotP. Pacing wise, his movies move swiftly except when trying to show time within the universe passing by (Deathly Hallows Part 1) 




 Absolutely agree. I think season 5 might be my favorite season. Between 5 and 2. But yea, it had some incredible episodes 




 Nope, I'm through season 6 episode 12 and loving it. I'm not a fair weather Community fan. I've stuck with it when the times were tough and then when they were all good again. Season 4 was a little rough but you are missing out on two really good seasons in 5 and 6.  




 THEY BROUGHT THEIR FUCKING TOYS!!  




 Seconded 




 She's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face 




 Alright, so his back story exists in an off hand quote in an article and the purpose is still not justified because even as a weapon, it is never shown used as that in the movie 




 I don't expect the cars to look different. I'm just backing up the person who said the guitar guy was useless and out of place. The only "sense" that can be made of it is either guessing or made up back story. 




 Again, they are better taken care of than all of their cars and everything Immortan Joe owns which is all rusted and shitty 




 The movie is based in an age of brutality with little materials. Everything is decrepit from the cars to the people to the towns. Immortan Joe seemingly has everyone starving and either fighting for him or worshiping him. Yet in all of this, there is a guy who doesn't fight and has an entire car just to hold him and giant amps and his flaming guitar and the drum guys. And again, everything is decrepit EXCEPT for his guitar, and amp/drum car. And how in all of this does an electric guitar and amps like that survive but people barely can?  




 Nah, Hot is easily the best. But they are all really good 




 Make sure to have a hot Butterbeer at either the Hog's Head or the Leaky Cauldron. Seriously amazing!  




 Reposting from the thread yesterday about the same topic: The flaming guitar guy, the repetitive action, Petite storyline, weirdness of the story.  




 Wow, getting called a stupid person  for not liking the caricature guitar guy playing a flaming guitar in the middle of a battle in a movie for which makes absolutely no sense other than to feed into the soundtrack in a way that removes you from the movie. Seriously, even within the logic of the story, it makes no sense.

And next time you try to call someone stupid, make sure you at least use the correct words ("Your" should be "You're") 




 No its not the movies fault but this is the thread asking what we disliked. Having not seen any other Mad Max movies and being convinced by /r/movies and reviews to see it regardless, that's one of the things I didn't like.  




 I have nightmares about that song.  




 HAAAAAaaaaaAAM GirrrrRRRRL 




 Hey guess what. We would have season 6 if it weren't for them. They are our savour and we are their first test. Give them a break and maybe we'll get a season 7 and a better Yahoo Screen 




 You are sort of right about the characters but I wouldn't go as far as saying one trick ponies and definitely not caricatures (like Season 4). The character development happens here and there but it's definitely not the focus as in seasons 1 and 2. And that's really hard to do when you only have 13 episodes as opposed to 22-24

But season 5 and 6 are well beyond season 4. The writing is so much better and the stories are much more Community. Season 5 had some of my favorite episodes of the series.

Give season 6 another chance, you'll see from people's reviews that Community fans are loving it. Yes, it's different. That's mainly due to 3 main characters being gone. It's hard but the new characters turn out really good. It's never going to be the same as the early seasons, but the best part of Community is that they don't try to be like early days. The have evolved with the changes and still managed to hold on to what we love about the show.  




 Me thinks he has been involved in 3 great television series.  




 Loved it. It's odd in the best ways possible.  




 Well, it is created by the creator of Parks and Rec/head writer of The Office 




 It was soooo cheesy 




 The flaming guitar guy, the repetitive action, Petite storyline, weirdness of the story.  




 Star Wars. Why? Because that's the first movie I remember seeing. Maybe not the very first movie I ever watched, but definitely the first one I remember.  




 You are comparing two extremely complex multi storyline mega franchise/universes to 2 burnout horror franchises that continued the same idea the entire way through? Bad examples. 

"Plus just because a film has good reviews and makes big money doesnt mean anything". Those, plus audience reaction, mean everything. How else do you gauge success or if a movie is good or not before seeing it (besides a trailer)?  




 Jurassic Park is absolutely necessary. The 2nd and 3rd are good/decent but take place on a different island so they can be skipped 




 I really think she is talented but she has been type cast as the same role in a bunch of movies now. Bridesmaids was a true great performance from her. I'm glad the reviews are coming in good, I might go see it then. I always like Paul Feig's work 




 Season 4 was a mess (due to the creator/showrunners being fired)  but Season 5 is one of my favorite seasons and 6 has been really good too. B99 is more consistent on the laughs for sure but Community is just a whole nother level of comedy.  




 You should, it only gets better as it goes along. It's really well done 




 But.. But then she wouldn't be on B99... 




 It's great! One of my favorite shows right now. The cast is amazing and more people need to watch it. 

Edit: Come join /r/Brooklynninenine 




 In a thread that most everyone else is just listing a title of a movie, I did the same. I was not prompted, if you would actually read the other comments, you would see that I said my reasons on my own. I hope next time you try to post a "clever" retort, you actually read the rest of the comment chain to make sure what you are posting about hasn't already been covered. That's how Adults sound reasonable. But I forgive you 




 Again, I did say why, in the same thread, along the same chain as these comments, and even before you first commented. You just didn't read.  




 You see, the difference is, no one asked me why. They asked for a list of movies I liked to judge me. I ended up saying what I liked and didn't like about Mad Max in another post in this thread which you just decided to skip.

And again, I wasn't "hating" on Mad Max. There was no reason for your post other than trolling. I went out of my way to explain that I didn't hate the movie, it was just my least favorite.

I know I'm in the minority of thinking Max Max was just okay, but I felt that I shouldn't need to be silenced considering I'm not trolling the movie.  




 They are totally different franchises and being handled totally different by different companies within Disney. 

But anyway, how has Marvel been run into the ground? Last I checked they are hugely grossing movies with quite good reviews.  




 I did explain my reasoning just a few comments down in this same thread. Way to go and not read and then post some garbage comment. 

And why is it that just because I didn't love it (never said I hated it) that I am automatically some men's rights activist? If you read my comment about why I didn't care for the movie, I said it was the subject matter of the movie. The cast, very much including Charlize Theron, was one of the best parts of the movie. 

Why do people get all butthurt when someone has an opposing view of a movie? Especially when I didn't bash the movie.  




 Community 




 No I didn't think Mad Max was bad. But it's all subjective. I didn't care for the subject matter of Mad Max. It looked incredible and I liked the cast but lacked story and was repetitive. So posting which movies I liked doesn't say they are necessarily "better movies", just more my preference.  




 It was Lapari. It would make no sense for it to be a giant mystery if they didn't have a big reveal 




 /r/MadMax 




 Baconreader is simple, yes, but that's what I like about it. Sync looks great but it's kind of cluttered,  doesn't have near the features, and the settings have good customization but not in the right areas.  




 Does it matter? If I had seen only one other movie and liked that better, it wouldn't make a difference because I just didn't care for Mad Max like everyone else did. No matter what or how many movies I list, it's just gonna piss off Mad Max fans to no end because i didn't think it was a masterpiece.  




 I haven't seen a Bad movie this year, but my least favorite thus far is Mad Max: Fury Road. 
























 No matter what, I think most community fans would need the distance between 1,2,3,5,6 and 4.  




 I would say that episode was top tier for me but the season wasn't my favorite (still great though). My season ranking would go 253614 




 Yes, I just said they weren't released with the episode number in the title. The Force Awakens will still have Episode VII on the scroll from what I've heard 




 It takes place 70 years before Harry was born so maybe Dumbledore. We don't know many characters in that Era yet 




 Holy Shit, is this for real?! I cannot wait 




 Discussions when it comes out and news articles right away i have no problem with. Like i said, its all of the specific questions, b-roll footage, and very specific news articles that are coming out now and that get posted and reposted. There have been more posts about Mad Max that should be on that specific subreddit than any other movie to come out since ive been on reddit. Even more than Marvel movies. It's the reason subreddits for specific movies or franchises exist. 




 Basic Crisis Room was up towards the top of the list for me. It was the first episode of the season that it felt like a group again. Plus, Olives.Need more Olives 




 Every trailer should be either like the "next week on Mad Men" or "on the next Arrested Development". Either show a bunch of clips that gives you absolutely nothing of story or give you entirely different clips than are even in the movie.  




 Thought it was better than the last few seasons of the show. The ending was satisfying. Nothing unexpected but still good in my opinion.  




 Same here!  




 Totally agree, saw it as well 




 No problem, enjoy the movie! Ill be seeing it again on Friday 




 maybe... Probably... Maybe.  




 Haha for sure! Yea, check out the Chromecast. I absolutely love it for all streaming apps.  




 ...maybe...probably...maybe 




 Yea, I don't see who you are talking about. But I do see Custodian Lapari and Professor Cligoris 




 It was November so maybe. But I'm not sure 




 Wow, it's close between Modern Espionage, Basic RV Repair and Palmistry, and Emotional Consiquences of Broadcast Television. There were so many though 




 They are doing it to go back to how the originals were without the episode number in the title. It's still Episode VII and is referred to as such by lucasfilm and Disney, it's just not in the title 




 Wow that was an amazing episode!  If that is the series finale, I've finally made peace with it. If there is more,   I will be first in line to watch.  




 What type of phone do you have? If it's an android, go buy a Chromecast for $35 bucks. Then you can watch it on your TV easily 




 She actually is hilarious but she has been type cast and put in some terrible roles.  




 He was and I laughed my ass off 




 Both of those are very good choices, enjoy!  




 Ha, thanks for finding my post! /u/ledivin, if you've seen quite a bit of the series, you will be just fine. It starts with clearing up a few things that happened at the end of the series. Go see it, it's very entertaining 




 I'd say it goes 2143 




 Cool, here are my suggestions based on your taste. Sons of Anarchy (All seasons on Netflix), Community (Seasons 1-5 on Hulu, season 6 on Yahoo Screen for free),  Workaholics (All on Hulu), True Detective (HBO), Party Down (Hulu), Breaking Bad (Netflix). If you want some more, let me know 




 Give me your top 10 favorite shows whether it be comedy/drama/sci-fi. Then I'll try to give some suggestions 




 I also just watched that one for the first time ever and loved it. Maybe it's the kid that still exists in me 




 Alien/Aliens. They were awesome. Dated but awesome.  




 It was a few episodes back, the same guy at the same bar did the same thing 




 It was easily the best. It was brand new the last time I went and it was glorious. 




 /r/community begs to differ, we talk about it constantly. But yes, the show is still amazing and the media should be covering it more.  




 The movie should start abruptly towards the end of a brutal game of paintball. And then it finishes and the rest of the movie begins 




 Because people are morons. Also, why were you on Craigslist looking for tickets if they are no where near sold out?  




 Mad Max: Fury Road. For anyone that wants to post another question specifically about the movie, b-roll footage, random news articles about it, /r/MadMax and /r/FuryRoad exist.  




 If that's not a finale vibe for you, I don't know what could be. 




 Thirdeaned 




 Britta too! It was so funny. I loved it 




 Can't wait!  




 Yea! at the ice cream shop in Diagon Alley!  









 Haha, yea, I don't think anyone would care if the idea didn't come from her. And people do care a lot because she wrote the screenplay 




 Absolutely! I've had every kind they make. Cold, Frozen, Soft Serve, and my personal favorite, Hot! So good 




 This is actually the third Park. There is one that opened in 2014 in Japan. 

I'm really excited. I love the one I  FL but I travel to California every year and don't go to FL very often.  




 Yea, I actually liked the main cast. The show just didn't connect with me 




 I think they wrote it in because they thought Chevy might leave the show. He wanted to stay so they wrote him back in I believe 




 Can't wait to have some Butterbeer in Hollywood!  




 I watched the first 3 episodes. It felt like a sketch in a sketch comedy show that went on way too long. It was funny until it didn't end and move on to the sketch. That's just my opinion though. I could see why people like it. Just not for me 




 Hey, we agree on that!  




 It was one post, if you thought it was a bad one, you could have just downvoted. Clearly on that one post, my sarcasm wasnt that thick. But I think anyone who has seen a Star Wars movie knows which ones came out when. Hence my sarcasm.

You are right about my comment karma, didn't look at it and typed the wrong number.  




 Same topic, same original thread. You still said it. I do know how to edit my post, I just replied again to make sure you saw it. 

I understand where you are coming from. And to be very technically correct, you are right. But prequel is a modern term used for all movies these days and by that definition, Phantom Menace is a prequel not a sequel. I don't care that much, I only said it because I made one comment about a chronological 4th movie and you came at me about it not being a sequel. I know that. That is obvious. 

As for my original post, I'm not saying it is a good joke, clearly because people are downvoting me for it, but nevertheless was my intention and I think that was clear to most people that I didn't actually think it's a sequel. 




 I have 15000 comment karma because I contribute to threads rather than calling people out for a sarcastic comment 




 I wasn't wrong. A New Hope IS technically the 4th movie in the franchise. You are right that it is not  a sequel and I never contested that. And you did bring up a prequel. You said The Phantom Menace is the 3rd sequel when actually it's the first prequel. 

My initial post WAS a friendly joke. I even stated it as "Star Wars: A New Hope is technically the 4th movie..."  




 No shit, I'm not saying episode 4 is a sequel. I replied to this thread saying A New Hope because it is technically the 4th in a franchise. He also didn't ask for prequels. Like you are commenting about. My initial comment was a simple friendly post that was sort of a joke. You had to come at me and be a "technical" asshole 




 You came at me because I didn't use a reply that directly correlated to the topic because I was a smart ass and replied with a fourth movie not technically a third sequel. The  you defined a sequel and got all mad because I didn't post a actual sequel. Then you respond with a prequel. So by definition, your response is also not on topic.  




 Again, you just aren't getting it 




 If you are going straight up technical, you are wrong too. Episode I-III are prequels and OP said sequels.  




 No, you are not getting it.  




 Jesus, I understand what he meant. I even said it "technically is the 4th movie.  




 OP also said "4th movie" 




 He is too busy crushing it as Koogler on Community 




 Star Wars: A New Hope... That's technically the 4th movie

Edit: Just so /u/Daxtreme knows that I understand the movie listed is actually the first released and is not a third sequel and this post was sarcastic. Also, he didn't believe I knew how to edit a post. 




 Totally understand where you are coming from. Thanks for the reply 




 I'm excited! I really enjoyed the first season. Very intriguing 




 Why did you hate that? 




 "Star Wars Spinoff"... Major clickbait. But even so, sounds interesting 




 It's an original story based upon the character who wrote the textbook. And the screenplay is written by JK Rowling herself. It will be awesome! 




 Public Enemies is a great movie!  




 It was entertaining and the Cinematography was great. But it was one long action sequence with little story, little character development, and a lot of weirdness to the universe. The action sequences were cool but became repetitive and they are being praised as a return for practical effects when tons of movies have begun to do that in recent years but just haven't shined a light on it.  




 If Dan Harmon was doing it, I'd watch it for sure, but I don't know how much more you can dilute this show. Removing main characters has proved a major challenge but they have made it work. I just don't know how good it could be.  




 He has hits and misses. I feel like people either got sick of his type of comedy so they see it as repetitive, don't like his type of comedy from the start, or just don't understand his type of comedy (it's supposed to be goofy and stupid.) Today's comedy is a lot smarter and dumb comedy has lost its place.  




 Just so you know, JJ Abrams has spoken about that he has made a point to limit the nostalgic moments and references. He even filmed some and cut them out because he realised it was not pertainent to the story of the new movie 




 Totally agree, just watched Jurassic Park 3 after not having seen it since probably 2003. It wasn't perfect but I thought it was a solid sequel.  




 Well then, here it goes. I like Adam Sandler 




 I thought Mad Max: Fury Road was just ok. Not bad but also not the masterpiece most people on here thought it was.  




 Yea, and the production code is 303 because it was filmed out of order. That's the reason for the dialogue too 




 It's too late. This sub is one of the worst with spoilers. Especially with New episodes debuting at midnight or so (depending where you live). People like me who work during the day and can't watch until night get screwed from posts like this. 




 Those are some funny movies. I'm not saying Entourage is the king of comedy, it's not even close to my favorite show. But it's entertaining and actually does have some good writing especially in season 5. There was just no reason to troll on something you dislike when it's a thread for people who like it.  




 Sorry, it's not your thing bro. Have fun trolling bro. Don't know what the hell you are talking about with the advertising bro. I'm also not OP bro. I've already seen the movie bro. I'd be curious to hear what you consider good comedy bro? 




 Did you actually sit down and watch episodes and follow the storyline with an open mind.
Or did you half pay attention with your mind already set that they were douches? 

If you don't like it, that's fine. Comedy is subjective, but no need to troll on a thread about a show/movie you clearly hate with a passion.  




 You clearly never watched the show then. Yes, the show does include the party lifestyle of a good looking Hollywood actor and his buddies. But to generalize that as the entirety of the show is moronic. Especially not having seen it. You also need to keep it mind it's a comedy show with drama interwoven. Not just a drama show. 

Let me put it this way, I think The Big Bang Theory is the worst show on television, but I had the sense and respect enough to watch episodes of it here and there to gauge my opinion on the show. I go in with an open mind and come out still not liking it, but at least I give it an honest shot.  




 Yea, Old Republic would also be very cool. The numbering would reset because it would be a new series. But it would be like Star Wars Anthology and have another name. Terrible example here but something similar to "Star Wars Eternity: Episode I". Again, terrible title I know, but you get the idea 




 Did you ever watch the show or are you just making assumptions on the random footage you've seen or because other people hate on it? Yes, the characters are your typical loud new York guys and Hollywood stars but the show in the early years was actually very interesting and by season 5, it had some really great story. 

Plus, your username is "Coloradobro" and you call us tools bro? Not cool bro.  




 Reboot is not the best word. But what I meant is for basically a continuation but a brand new series. It wouldn't rewrite anything, it just would be completely new characters decades after the originals and sequels. I think it could be a great way to continue without messing with the other movies or trying to redo them 




 It was like 2 weeks into the season. I cast from the app both on my phone and tablet 




 They are at different Parks because that was the only two spaces available for such a large construction and Diagon Alley was constructed over a year after Hogsmeade had opened. Is it also genius business-wise? Yes. But if you do your homework before buying tickets (I know you didn't have a choice) then it's pretty clear. I bought the park to park pass last time I was there and it was incredible.  




 I think they will reboot the series but not in the usual fashion of rebooting. It will take place in the same universe as 1-9 but start the numbering over with a brand new story, all new characters, and maybe decades beyond the Skywalker family story.  




 There are a ton of cameos but the movie, as opposed to the trailers, handles them on a much smaller level. Most of them are quick some have larger parts in the movie. 

As for the storyline, it's like you described, which happens all the time in Hollywood but it's really interesting. Especially with Ari 




 Not sure if you watched it the show Heroes but Sky's storyline reminded me of the first season of that show which was great.  




 I saw it a couple weeks ago, if you liked the show (especially seasons in 1-5 like I did) then you will enjoy the movie. It's a lot of fun and holds up to the series. It's better than the last few seasons. It's not perfect but it's very entertaining and has a pretty good story. It's back to the best part of the show, the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. People will be happy to know it's very Ari centric as well which is great 




 I've said it before in a similar thread but I'd like to see just another random episode. Not elevated at all. No finale vibe. Just another day with the Gang. The end of the episode would be Mac busting into Paddy's yelling "Guys Guys Guys! I've got news!" cut to black and it does the usually title card (12PM. On a Tuesday. It's Always Sunny...) all while Mac and the Gang are talking about the next plan. I like to imagine the Gang just continues their schemes after we leave them.  




 It might be your internet or device. I haven't had an issue with it since then 




 No problem!  




 [Join the SwiftKey Beta Google Group. And there are instructions from there.](https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/swiftkey-beta-android)  




 Not in any order.

1. Game of Thrones
2. True Detective
3. Community
4. Chuck
5. Entourage
6. Breaking Bad
7. Better Call Saul
8. Friday Night Lights
9. Parks and Recreation
10. The Office
11. Shameless
12. Ray Donovan
13. Masters of Sex
14. Californication
15. The Sopranos
16. The West Wing
17. Mad Men
18. Last Man on Earth
19. Man Seeking Woman
20. It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
21. Brooklyn Nine Nine
22. 30 Rock
23. Party Down
24. Arrested Development
25. Freaks and Geeks
26. Undeclared
27. Silicon Valley
28. Broad City
29. Workaholics
30. Boardwalk Empire
31. Las Vegas
32. Nip/Tuck
33. Pawn Stars
34. Survivor
35. American Restoration
36. Counts Cutoms
37. Lost
38. Last Man Standing
39. Dexter
40. Family Guy
41. The Walking Dead
42. Homeland
43. Episodes
44. House of Lies
45. Weeds
46. Sonic Highways
47. The Newsroom
48. Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip
49. Sports Night
50. Curb Your Enthusiasm
51. Seinfeld
52. Eastbound and Down
53. Bored to Death
54. Hung
55. John from Cincinnati
56. Rome
57. Louie
58. Da Ali G Show
59. Tenacious D
60. Band of Brothers
61. Low Winter Sun
62. Heroes
63. Home Improvement
64. Ed
65. How i Met Your Mother
66. House of Cards
67. Bloodline
68. Daredevil
69. Agent Carter
70. Agents of Shield
71. Firefly
72. Orange is the New Black
73. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
74. Outsourced
75. Believe
76. Alcatraz
77. Revolution
78. The Comedians
79. The Americans
80. Doctor Who
81. Sherlock
82. Fargo
83. The Goldbergs
84. Man vs Food
85. Man Finds Food
86.The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret
87. Married
88. Saturday Night Live
89. Sons of Anarchy
90. Tyrant

I know there are tons more but thats all i got for now 




 Ugh. Spoilers!  




 SwiftKey Beta 




 I saw it a couple weeks ago, if you liked the show (especially seasons in 1-5 like I did) then you will enjoy the movie. It's a lot of fun and holds up to the series. It's better than the last few seasons. It's not perfect but it's very entertaining and has a pretty good story. It's back to the best part of the show, the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. People will be happy to know it's very Ari centric as well which is great 




 I've done both Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley in a day but you will need pretty much the whole day. You do need a park to park pass since they are on two Parks. They are connected by a trip on the Hogwarts Express 




 If you have an Android device, Chromecast is only $35 and it's awesome.  




 Haven't had a single issue since they added Chromecast support 
























 Freaks and Geeks. I watched it as a kid when it aired and identified with the geeks and watching it now I identify with the Freaks. Someday I'll watch it and identify with the parents. It's a great show that has lasting power and something for all generations.  




 I loved Repilot. The ending was alright for season 5. Personally though, season 5 is my 2nd favorite  season 




 Well, Season 6 is my least favorite but 7 and 8 are just ok. They moved on from the movie business part of it in favor of b-storylines with the other characters. Season 5 (my favorite season) is the last time until the movie that we see really what goes on behind the scenes of making a movie 




 I actually thought it was great. The cameos were plentiful for sure but most never took up more time than needed. I liked Ronda Rousey (although you are right, she is not great at acting). For me, I always loved the characters but the last few seasons missed what I personally loved about the show, the behind the scenes of getting a movie made. This movie brought that back and I really enjoyed it more than seasons 6-8. Yea, it didn't have a whole lot of heart but what it did was well done (Johnny's arc in particular). The connection of Vince's troubles is shown slightly in the Piers Morgan show but it doesn't weigh on that because there is not enough time. That would only fit in in the series and if it were in the movie, it would have been even more "crammed" as you said. This movie is a glimpse into the end stages of a movie and being that we know the characters and can't follow the entire production, we are caught up pretty well. 

I never felt that it was to crammed or half assed but that's just my opinion.  




 People, stop trying to relive the glory days. Community has evolved. I wouldn't want them to turn back.  




 Its an app to watch Ultraviolet digital copies and story your library. It works with Chromecast as well. And its an all in one app, it has trailers, info, rotten tomatoes scores and your personal ratings.  




 Blu-Ray on the big screen with surround. Also rent on the google play store and use the chromecast on the big screen. And streaming services, Netflix, Flixster, HBOGo 




 Link Me: UpTo Calendar 




 Frank hit the jackpot! 




 I think there were some good episodes but mostly not as good ones. But really the finale of season 4 jumped the shark with doing Paintball again and saying they found a way to make paintball cool again but it was totally lame and super forced. But like I said, that was fixed in season 5 




 I don't expect them to not talk about it. But there are many die hard fans like myself that can't do that. All I ask is to use the spoiler tag and not put the spoiler in the title of the post. That's not asking much. 

And I do wish Yahoo released episodes like normal TV time slots. 7pm or whatever to give everyone a fair chance to see it before it's spoiled.  




 All of season 4, but they reversed it in repilot and all was well 




 No need to take it like that. I merely meant, don't spoil anything for people who have not seen it. I'm certain I am not the only person who had to wait until after work to watch it because I can't stay up until 3. I created a multireddit that had every subreddit I subscribe to except Community just for Tuesdays because the first few weeks I had a bunch of stuff spoiled. And going back through the community subreddit each day after I watched it, I noticed a ton of posts that would have spoiled stuff. 

But yes, on a personal level, I did miss out on most of the discussion each week because by the time I watched it, everything had already been discussed.  




 Ha, yea. But still. No new episodes does suck...  




 Not worrying if /r/community will spoil anything from a new episode since they watched it at 3am and are already putting up quotes and discussions all day until I can watch it after work.  




 Same thing here, haha 




 Yea, I don't mean to cut down the show at all. If it wasn't good, I wouldn't spend the time to get caught up for the next season.  




 Not saying that you are false. But either way, we got a season 6 because of them and they could have easily not done it.  




 Sorry, by the time I got to this thread, it had a spoiler tag. Must have been added after your comment 




 And so it is delivered my favorite Pierce line "Jeff, i think your shirt is trying to get out of your pants". So subtle but i laugh every time. 




 I dont know if this counts dramedies but Shameless and Better Call Saul would be mine 




 I love the show but every season so far I've gotten like 3 episodes behind and just end up binging the rest of the season once it's all done. It's well acted and intriguing but falls by the wayside in favor of other shows until I have time. This season I even told myself I wouldn't let it happen... But it did.  




 Upvote for awesome show AND ballsy but awesome username 




 Maybe you should get an app that doesn't automatically show the body of the post. Even if a post's title says "Spoilers", the body always says said spoilers 




 Start at "Fast   Furious". That's the fourth movie. That is where the storyline picks back up with the original cast. Then go in order "Fast Five", "Fast   Furious 6". Then watch "The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift" because chronologically, that's where it belongs and it's actually pretty good. Then "Furious 7". 




 The only other one was Hulu but talks fell through because it was too expensive. The contracts for the cast were expiring the day after Yahoo announced the Pick up. No Yahoo, no season 6. 




 Considering that board is from 2 years ago and in this case "Ham" isn't replacing "Damn" and it's not even for Chang's character... I'd say no.  




 By that logic, NBC owed us a proper ending. And we don't "deserve" anything. We are incredibly lucky to have had 6 seasons of this show that could have been canceled after 1 season. It's very arrogant for us fans to say they owe us and we deserve this. Yahoo gave us a season 6, they did not need it. They have a well received concert series and could bought any other recently cancelled show that has a following. 




 They could have bought any other recently cancelled show that has a following. Even ones that supposedly had more viewership than Community. Yes, we brought attention to Yahoo Screen but so did their concert series (which is how I first heard of it) and a ton of us ungratefully bitched about issues using Yahoo Screen.  




 I saw it again this weekend (saw an Advanced Screening and my brother wanted to go this weekend). I was a big fan of the Entourage TV series (especially seasons 1-5) and really enjoyed the movie. I just hope more people go see it.  




 "I Love You, Man". It's just a great movie that has a super funny cast 




 I had never seen a Mad Max movie before but was convinced to by Reddit. I didnt hate, just didnt think it was perfect like most on here. Anyway, it was just a joke. I didn't mean to hijack this thread. 




 I know there is... I just had to be a smart ass because it's not much of a plot.  




 It only made $3 mil less than expected in the opening weekend. WB never expected it to be the next big blockbuster. They should be able to recoupe the 27 mil budget and hopefully make money 




 Mad Max: Fury Road with a movie that has plot 




 They kinda gave us another season when the show was cancelled. No Yahoo, no season 6. 




 The creators have said that Holt and Gina will not be at the 99 but will still be on the show and will explore their new jobs 




 https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=pearl+harbor+trailer+%231 




 No, because the difference is that he was playing William Hartnell. He was only playing The 1st Doctor as Hartnell and none of it was featuring new story. Only re-creation of Hartnell's stories in a biopic. If he were playing a new Doctor in a new story or even the 1st Doctor in a new story, then yes. But that is not the case.  




 I love this show. It's one of my favorite shows of all time and I've been with it since the pilot aired. We lived through Cancelation threats, hiatuses, major staff changes, character departures, actual Cancelation and renewal once again. Throughout all of this Community defied all odds and was consistently great (besides season 4 of which we know why). And we beat Cancelation... We won. We got 6 seasons of this incredible show. That should be enough for us fans especially considering the continuous quality that is difficult to maintain for most long running shows. 

Having said that, I will definitely watch it if there is more but I am finally ok with it ending.  




 Season 5 was my 2nd favorite season (behind season 2) and Season 6 was better than season 1 and 4 for me.  




 I like 5 and 6 more than i like season 1. 




 It's not a perfect finale but I thought it was good. I enjoyed it as an episode. Anyway, watch Season 7 of Curb Your Enthusiasm if you want to get a partially new episode of Seinfeld. The storyline is that Larry David (starring in Curb as fictionalized version of himself/creator of Seinfeld) decides to do a Seinfeld reunion episode. The entire season has all of the meetings with the cast and crew, table reads, writing, dress rehearsals, and footage of the "reunion episode". It's pretty cool 




 They made reference in season 6. Frankie says "I keep emailing the IT Lady but they keep getting bounced back to me". Since she is both Frankie and the IT Lady. 

Also, no offense, but the season 5 episode with Paget Brewster aired over a year ago and the episode referenced in season 6 was a couple months ago now. With how quick some Community fans are, it's safe to assume that anything found months after the episode would have been posted.  




 They should really just rename this sub /r/MadMaxandsomeothermovies 




 Just so you are aware, Season 6 of Community is on Yahoo Screen. Just finished last week. 




 Nope, they just finally took advantage of being on the Internet and not network TV.  




 You got me there, but most of them are terrible and forced. And that type of finale is not right for Community 




 Haha!  




 Your description of what you wanted for a finale is exactly what happened. "The future will be uncertain, but we'll keep in touch and get through it together with the community we built". That explains exactly what happened. You only see it as a lazy writer deal because you personally know that they purposefully left it open. But you take that out of it and it is a well written finale that yes, has a opening for more, but also serves as a very good series finale and is Community at its best. Hilarious, sad, thought provoking, incredibly meta, and when you get down to it, about the characters. 

As for the potential comment, I see what you mean now. I thought you meant the entire series initially. But I also disagree with you that seasons 5 and 6 were anything less than strong even though we have lost great characters. But that's just our differing opinions.  




 Oh, ok. Cool 




 He actually wasn't an issue for me. I've always liked Topher Grace 




 I haven't seen it so I don't know if that is a diss. But I've seen him in Friday Night Lights and he was very good 




 That is a movie I would watch 




 That feels so right.  




 That "someone else" exists. Their name is Sony. They forced things into the movie that Sam Raimi did not want to do 




 The finales that wrap everything up are the most unrealistic and worst finales. It was meant to feel teasing for the viewer and for the characters. The uncertainty of the end is what made us fans a Community and now it's the thing that they end on. That's amazing to me. I think this was a very good season (not lackluster) and to say the show never realized it's full potential is unreal. It's one of the best shows I've ever seen. 

And you say you don't like that the end did not fully wrap everything up but you want more?  




 I started watching when the pilot aired. I started watching the show because Chevy Chase was back on TV but I stayed for all of the characters and the witty writing. I knew right away that I liked the show and as the first season went along, it started to show signs of the amazing writing of Dan Harmon and crew. The first episode that led up to Paintball was the Chicken Fingers episode. That was the first true concept ep. When paintball came, by that point I was in love with the show. I knew it was coming from the promos but until I actually saw it, I had no idea how good it would be and in that way, it blew me away. 

I only joined Reddit a year ago so I was kind of on an island for awhile since no one I knew watched it.  




 Because it shouldn't be an issue. He is a really good actor and got a good role. End of story.  




 Maybe... Probably... Maybe. 

That was an incredible episode. Amazing season finale and perfect series finale if that is in fact it. 

Also, loved the f-bombs 




 There were parts that I liked and I wanted to love the movie but just couldn't 




 No problem. Just thought it was funny. But you may be right. Unless he met Pavel first?  




 Spider-Man 3. It had so much hype coming off of Spider-Man 2 and it was before I read reviews or anything so my expectations were so high. The entire movie I was fighting with myself trying to think it's good but then the emo dancing douchey Peter Parker just absolutely made me go "This sucks". I was so incredibly disappointed 




 Seriously.../u/Masri788 watched six seasons and thought it was Geoff Winger?  




 Nope, I just watched it a few days ago again and really enjoyed it.  




 Due to low ratings on NBC, the creator/showrunner Dan Harmon and Chris McKenna were fired. They hired two others who tried their best with the writers and cast to replicate Community but what we got was a empty shell. It looked like Community and sometimes felt like it, but mostly it was just trying too hard to be Community.

Dan and Chris were hired back for season 5 and 6 and it is very noticeable. Seasons 5 and 6 are great. You could skip 4 but id say just stick it out. 




 Holy Shit! Was he? I'll have to rewatch 




 More. They projected $12-15 mil initially for the whole weekend. Then  updated it to $20 mil. Now it could be more if it has staying power through the weekend 




 Magnitude was in an episode but he never said "Pop Pop"  




 You are the winner for best reference of the day... Incredible 




 /r/MadMax 




 Having thought about it the last few days since someone first brought it up just before the finale. I initially said, if Dan Harmon is doing it, I'd watch it. But two things dawned on me. First, Dan would never do it. Second, I'd much rather see Dan Harmon write a brand new show with a whole different concept just with the same humor. It's time to let go. 




 I just had never seen a Alien movie before. I finally watched Alien, Aliens, and Prometheus and loved them. 

But I can see how hype would kill it.  




 Didn't know that. Interesting 




 Yea, we were lucky to get him in season 5 




 Yea, it gets a lot of flack for not having a point. The point is that it's a reason to get these funny people together. Best movie ever? No. But it's entertaining for sure 




 I'm pretty sure most people liked American Hustle. As did I 




 I only just recently saw it and really enjoyed it. Didn't know most people hated it 




 Absolutely! As someone else said, it starts slow but really gets good 




 Jesus did 




 According to Pierce, its an original song 




 Gay Dean 




 1. Modern Espionage
2. Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television
3. Basic RV Repair and Palmistry
4. Basic Crisis Room Decorum
5. Wedding Videography 
6. Intro to Recycled Cinema 
7. Grifting 101
8. Basic Email Security
9. Queer Studies and Advanced Waxing
10. Advanced Safety Features
11. Ladders
12. Laws of Robotics and Party Rights
13. Lawnmower Maintenance and Postnatal Care
 




 We're the Millers 




 That was a good read!  




 Hey, no problem. Ha, enjoy!  




 Love both of them. I liked Hickey because Jonathan Banks is awesome but these two ended up fitting in so well.  




 If you want the glory days, rewatch the other seasons. This season, although not the best season, really was excellent and still had the Community humor I love. It's not supposed to leave you with the "Good Ol Times" feeling. The show changed, it went through many major changes and dealt with them in the most Community way. If you don't like it, fine. But to say it's "not Community" is way off base. 

And I never found Elroy or Frankie to be that much quirkier than the rest of the group nor were they forced. They fell naturally into the group and they didn't spend too much time focused on their characters. Yet they developed them slowly throughout the season 




 Entourage was so good seasons 1-5 and then just left all of the behind the scenes of making movies and went all about b-storylines. The movie is great though.  




 It has never been on US Netflix instant. But seasons 1-5 have always been on Hulu 




 There is a thing called the Internet. And, although I starting watching when the pilot first aired, I survived 4 and a half seasons before joining Reddit. Since joining, there has rarely been a moment of the show that I missed a joke or reference. I've seen the Harmontown movie but never listened to the podcast. I have however read many many articles and follow his rants on social media. Which all will exist after the fact.

I think future Community fans will be fine. Sure, they won't quite have the huge moments of joy (renewals and new instant classic episodes) and low points (delays, Cancelation threats, Dan and Chris fired, actual cancelation) but that history exists on the Internet. And anyone who finds this show and loves it, will search out the story behind it 




 If at all possible, IMAX 2D. If not, regular 2D then IMAX 3D 




 That is exactly what I said 




 Jurassic Park and Jurassic World both take place on Isla Nublar. Jurassic Park: The Lost World and Jurassic Park III take place on the 2nd island, Isla Sorna. I think there may be references to them but you should be fine only having seen the first 




 If they do it, he has to play the same character from the Jump Street movies 




 I have made peace finally that that might be it. It was perfect. Having said that, I would absolutely love more Community if they can continue the quality and keep the cast 




 Good luck getting him, but yes, that would be awesome!  




 I liked it but didn't love it. It felt like it dragged a little bit. But the cast was great and it was a solid first direction by Joseph Gordon Levitt 




 Totally agree 




 I saw the movie but also am a big fan of the series. I would say you will be ok, you'll miss out on some of the relationships between characters and inside humor but overall you will be good. And it is a good movie 




 Yup, that was one of the reasons I starting watching and I'm glad I did. It has Jeff from Curb Your Enthusiasm, Young JB from Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny, and Rita from Bridesmaids 




 Step back from the ledge, it's still entirely possible we get another season or the movie. Even if not, was that not the most perfect ending you could have asked for?  
























 He was great in Undeclared and Sons of Anarchy. Haven't seen anything else so far though 




 It's all worth it. And to put you at ease, Season 7 is my favorite season. 8 and 9 were really good and 10 was awesome. Season 2 is where it gets good and Season 3 is when it begins its legendary status.  














 For me, I liked Jurassic World more. Mad Max:Fury Road was a little overhyped for me. I was much more entertained by JW 




 I agree with you, but how many times do you type "My Cocaine" for that phrase to be an option for Auto Correction of "Michael Caine"?  




 He is also a writer on the show 




 To me, it looked great but just wasn't what I wanted functionally. I wanted to flip quickly and easily between different websites. The only way to do it was the side menu or creating groups.  




 Friday Night Lights is one of the best series I've ever seen. You will not be disappointed if you like Kyle Chandler.  




 S2 just ended and I can't wait for S3 already 




 See, to me, that is what I liked about it. It's prison, is there ever really massive conflict and resolution? It was very character oriented and I loved that. I found it to be much more fulfilling than V forcing her way into the story. And Caputo was one of my favorite characters this season 




 Paperboy is easily the best. I've tried em all and Paperboy takes top notch in functionality, looks, and ease of use/navigation

Link me: PaperBoy: A Feedly Newsreader 




 Season 1 is easily the worst season. Season 3 is where is starts to become legendary 




 I saw this topic and was going to come in here are write pretty much the exact same thing.  




 Orange is the New Black Season 3. It has less of a season arc this season but I personally think it's a better season than last year. It's very character driven, which is why i watch the show, and features some of the best acting yet.  




 I don't know about other people but I never liked her. She was a disease on the show 




 Absolutely. That scene with Tastee and Susanne is one of the best scenes of the series in my opinion.  




 I'm through 11 episodes and although there is not as much of a season arc as last season, I think this is a much better season than last year. It's very character oriented which is why I watch the show. It also features some of the best acting yet. And no "V" which is great.  




 *Creates "Discussion" thread about an immensely popular film about reasons why it's a terrible movie. 

*Says it's one of the worst movies seen in a while

*Provides no reasons/proof 




 First of all, this post isn't ironic, it's sarcastic. And yes, sarcasm is hard to show on the Internet.  




 Haha, True. I'd like another live action show from him though after Community 




 Go to an electronics store and buy a cheap HDTV (the insignia brand is decent and cheap at Best Buy). Get a Chromecast for $35 to stream pretty much any app from your phone, laptop, and tablet on your TV easily 




 Umm...  




 Check out Twee on Android. It has a great widget and it syncs with Trakt so you can keep track of the shows you watch and what episodes you've seen or not. Twee has a ton of other cool aspects too. I've tried a bunch of others and none compare. Plus the developer is one guy who is constantly upgrading based on user suggestions 




 Maybe see an episode or two of it before you form an opinion? 




 I didn't watch the show because it's not my type of thing but I've heard good things and know that it had a fanbase on here. I've been through Cancelation for some of my favorite shows too early as well so this sucks and I feel for you.  




 The very first scene of the series is post breaking bad, so there could be more 




 I was there and I don't remember  that, haha.  




 "So it's just like Community, but there's no Greendale, it takes place in a different location, doesn't have anything to do with Community College, has completely different characters, but it's written by Dan Harmon"  




 It was always the plan to make it an Anthology. I know it can't beat the first season but give it more than one episode to play out.  




 I really enjoyed it. It has a lot of potential. Tim Robbins was great and so was Jack Black 




 Personal opinion maybe? I thought the Rotten Tomatoes scores were too high for Mad Max but that's just my opinion.  




 Has a lot of potential. I really enjoyed it and the cast was great 




 Seems like Season 2 is going for the slow build. And I like that. It separates it from S1 right away but still carries a similar tone.  




 Watch Guardians of the Galaxy, Zero Dark Thirty, and Moneyball.  




 I always liked the movie.  




 I saw both and liked both. But Kingsman was miles beyond Spy.  




 California USA!... What do now?  




 Agree with all of those. I'd throw in Season 6 of Community and Season 5 of Shameless as well for me.  




 Make sure you buy "Park to Park" passes since Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley are on separate parks. That way you can do both and ride the Hogwarts Express back and forth. 

Also, get the Hot Butterbeer at either the Hog's Head or Leaky Cauldron. It's the best kind of Butterbeer.  




 I agree with you but I think the "Ron Howard in a wig" was more to the fact that she actually is Ron Howard's daughter 




 You posted an article talking about how much it would "cost" to book rap artists. Specifically Childish Gambino. Then you titled the article saying that "Donald Glover" makes the amount that it cost to have him perform a concert. That made it seem as though you thought he received the entire amount. I just read it differently.  




 Actually, it's his booking agency's fee. He gets paid based off of that amount. As do all of the other things I listed. It's not as if he gets paid 85 grand and he just shells out cash to each of "his" employees.  




 He absolutely does not. The promoter may pay $85,000 for Childish Gambino to perform and most of that may come from the back end depending on ticket sales. That includes what he gets paid, his driver, equipment, tour bus, his management team, etc. He makes a good percentage of that but not 100% 




 Fuck, how did I forget Shameless in my suggestions... It's one of my favorites. Absolutely second this 




 Community is my favorite show, just wasn't sure it fit into OP's list of shows 




 Sons of Anarchy, True Detective, Fargo, Parks and Recreation, etc 




 I watch The Americans, Sons of Anarchy (now done), Fargo, Married, Man Seeking Woman, Louie, The Comedians, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Tyrant, etc. I love FX and FXX 




 Besides season 4 which there are quite a few. I'd go with Aerodynamics of Gender. It's the only episode I really did not like under Dan Harmon's care 




 I have to disagree. Other platforms may have a very slightly smoother interface for some apps. But on the whole, no other platform can do a lot of the things we can do on Android. 

As far as I see it, when I first got a touchscreen phone, I had two options. An sleek and fast iPhone that was limited or a slower buggy Android that had full customization. I chose Android because of the customization and since then, Android mostly caught up on the sleekness and fastness of Apple but Apple never caught up on other things. They have only tried to mimic a few things from Android.

I love android and wouldn't trade it for any other platform. Not due to my loyalty, but still at its current state, it is overall better for my use.  




 That was my problem. It builds but never had a payoff. It dragged something funny on too long to where it wasn't funny any more. I didn't hate it, just didn't love it.  




 Hey Aziz! Big fan here. 

What's the biggest thing you miss/will miss about playing Tom Haverford or filming Parks?  




 I watched the first three episodes. It had its moments but it honestly felt like a sketch on a sketch comedy show that just never ended. It was funny but then just continued until the joke was a little stale. Just my take on it. I liked the cast but just didnt grab me.  




 I didn't. I just wanted the toy 




 If it weren't for Reddit calling it out... I wouldn't have even noticed. It's funny when movies and TV get so much flack for product placement when in real life, there are more commercials and advertisements everywhere you look. 




 [Here is the real link to Paperboy](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dottedcircle.paperboy hl=en)  




 I've tried all of them after Taptu went out 6 months ago. The best, easily, is Paperboy. It has the great look of some of the others but is much more controllable and not so cluttered. It also has great customization.

Link me: Paperboy

Edit: I have tried every one listed in this thread and found Paperboy to be the best of them.  




 It's impossible to know, but let's just assume he is now super rich and can have any job he wants. And I'm so glad, he seems like a great and genuine guy and I loved Parks and Rec.  




 Who gives a shit. I have never once found "product placement" distracting because I know it doesn't affect me. Most of the time I don't even notice it 




 And this thread is specifically about a reboot of HP as a TV show 




 The indominous can sense thermal heat not see it. It did sense thermal heat with them behind the car when is why in stuck it's head in there. The raptors only had those on when they were let loose. No one expected the pterodactyls to get loose therefore they felt no need 




 I already mentioned that about GOT in my first post. Sorry to ruin it for you but Hogwarts Castle is CGI and does not exist. And WB isn't going to do a remake of their incredibly popular film series less than 5 years after it finished when it was very well received and already done on a higher budget. There is no reason for it 




 The storyline IS absurd. It's a park with real dinosaurs open to the public. And they created a Hybrid to attract more customers. That is also a very meta commentary on real life with people's attention spans today and always wanting bigger and better and not impressed by anything (kinda like you with this movie). 

You are mostly right about the characters. I don't think they are one dimensional but they don't quite compare to the original. But that's because the characters in the original are the smartest in their field and brought there because of their knowledge. 

And yes, many scenes stick in my mind. I don't want to spoil anything so I won't say them. 

Also, you say there are plot holes but didn't mention a single one. 




 Because Benedict Cumberbatch is awesome and did a great job 




 I am not paying for it but no TV studio will shell out the money that it needs and therefore it will cut corners and cut sequences out due to budget constraints 




 Even though I don't think the movie is as bad as a lot of people, the Star Wars Episode I teaser is probably one of the [best posters ever.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/12/d6/0f/12d60f08494cb0ea007b284cec2a6de1.jpg)  




 I wouldn't want the book series as a TV show. It's too expensive to create. I know they do it with Game of Thrones but that's because most of the scope is real locations and effects are minimal (usually one or two big sequences per season) whereas Potter has grand locations, Grand set pieces, and a lot of effects. 

However, there was a fake trailer for a TV series a few years ago titled "Aurors" which I would absolutely love to see. But again, it would either be insanely expensive or look cheap 




 Why disrespect the actress who plays the character to which this post would be related to?  




 You got that right about Shirley and Pierce, haha. Troy also was my favorite character but I guess the amazing episodes that followed his departure made me forget a little. 

I personally love how Frankie fit into the group. She found her own place and kind of took a leadership role. But still found herself trying to please the group with things their friends who left might do. 

Elroy also was great because throughout the entire season he had one foot in the study group and one out and also understood that. They never hid that or tried to make it something it wasn't. He had some really great moments and even though he was reluctant to be in the group, they treating him as an equal and fit in. 

It can be different but have the same feel and writing. The group dynamic changes as does storylines, characters, etc. But Greendale is still there, the cast from the other seasons, and most importantly the writing and Dan Harmon's sense of humor.  




 Personally, the reason I loved it is because the show grew. It still held onto enough of what we love about the show but it was forced to makes changes with cast members leaving and, as much as I love the original cast, it is what the show needed. 

The first couple episodes were a little tough to get into but once Frankie and Elroy added to the group dynamic, it really worked. I found a ton of episodes to have the classic Community heart, meta humor, references, and originality. 

To me, it seems most people who didn't like Season 6 is because they are still subconsciously hoping for a glory days greatest hits of old Community but can't grasp that the show has changed and is still Community at its core, just a little different. 

I really enjoyed season 6 and also think season 5 is my 2nd favorite season of the series.  




 Community, Party Down, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Workaholics, Broad City, Parks and Recreation, Arrested Development, Chuck 




 Okaaaaay?... 




 The Way Way Back 




 I think you would enjoy it still. You'll miss out on some of the inside jokes and some relationships but they do a fairly good job of catching viewers up.  




 There is some truth to what you say about weight but I think they did a great job making it the most realistic they can. I too love Jurassic Park, but like I said to someone else on here, the effects impress us because we still think in that time while watching it and the memory of being impressed. If Jurassic Park came out today for the first time with the same effects, it would sadly be criticized for lack of realism. 

Lastly, I am a huge fan of all of the JP movies. I was 3 when the first one came out and it was probably the first movie I ever saw. I also have seen it and the sequels over 30 times. I was very impressed by this movie and pleased as a fan, not just as a mass audience member.  




 That is a mindset, it didn't feel real to you because you wouldn't let it. You wanted Animatronic and got CGI so you never let it have a chance. Also, maybe it's just your wording but Cinematography has nothing to do with CGI.

As for JP, that felt real back then because it was new technology and was the first of its kind. And now it still has that feeling due to memory of having seen it. As much as I love that film, if it came out today with the same effects, it would be shit on for feeling fake. The only reason to have Animatronic I-Rex would have been nostalgia.  




 I don't think it's the CGI, I think you have to look at the inner dialogue of the movie that people going to the park are used to dinosaurs now and that people want better, more scary, bigger dinosaurs because the old ones are "been there, done that". It's a very meta meaning because it's true with Jurassic Park movie goers. Since the original in 93 which was the first movie to really do dinosaurs right and feel real and scary interacting with humans, there have been 2 sequels and countless other dinosaur and dinosaur inspired movies to come out. It feels like an old hat and it doesn't phase you. An animatronic I-Rex would not have made it more scary or real for you. In fact, if they would have done that, it would probably feel more fake but make a few of the JP fanboys happy. And all 4 movies did have a mix of practical and CGI, number 4 just happened to use mostly CGI because it fits they action they wanted to accomplish and the detail they wanted to have in the I-Rex 




 I would totally be there. I'd make a whole trip out of it... Spared no expense 




 Buy them then so you don't have to watch the commercials 




 I kind of fit into that category. I read the first 4 books before the movies came out but then I got behind and the movies kept coming out so movies 5, 6, 7, and 8 I read the books after the movies came out. So I saw Deathly Hallows Part 1 and 2 without having read the book and totally followed the storylines. But at the same time, I had also read the other 6 books multiple times.  




 It currently holds a 7.8 on IMDb 




 You should have stopped at "other than it being made for pure enjoyment"...  




 True Detective, Community, Game of Thrones, Shameless, Daredevil 




 /u/BullshitUsername was right!  




 From Buzzfeed 




 "ARTICLE-5/18/99-Star Wars fans "I've got a baaaad feeling about this." 




 Haha! Awesome 




 Hey Blake! 

Big Workaholics fan. 

What's one of your best memories while still living in the Workaholics house that most people don't know? 

Also, when is Ders gonna show up on Community because you and Adam have, haha.  




 Kingsman so far. Just watched it again last night and it easily beats any other I've seen this year so far. If Star Wars: The Force Awakens is as good as I hope, that could take top notch 




 Comedy-wise I thought this past season was the best personally. But to each their own 









 Haha, actually, Inspector Spacetime.  




 Easily the best filmed hand to hand combat action sequences I've ever seen. Favorite movie of the year so far 




 I love season 4 but that is not the first time that song has been used in that context. Old School did it as well.  




 Downvote for saying the actress' name instead of the character she plays.  




 Rule 1: Jeff Lies 




 It is Keith David, so in a way, yes. Its the same actor 









 How in the hell is this related to the discussion of movies? I award you no points... And may God have mercy on your soul...  




 Ha! That's awesome!  




 True. Also, have you seen Judd Apatow's followup to Freaks and Geeks? It's called Undeclared and it's also really good and got canceled after a season. Not quite as great as Freaks and Geeks but really good.  




 I don't mean to be a dick but these have been posted on here almost every other day for the last 2 years.  
























