 I haven't BASHED anyone. The cast, crew, and actors all brought the show to life too. Writers are just one part of it. And also, ratings have continually plummeted and writers have more say then you think. So regardless of what the network thinks fans want, less and less fans are watching, so something is going wrong with the formula.

Also if you look at series similar to this that have mysteries, they've handled the plot better and catered to a young audience. Look at Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Veronica Mars, just to name a few. The plot was not soooooooooo drawn out. You can have fillers, that's understandable, but have fillers that connect and progress the main plot. That's all we ask for. It just feels like the plot moves from one point, and then jumps to the end without any middle area to explain things. It feels disjointed. 




 Here is the artist: http://www.deviantart.com/art/Car-Wash-547180494 




 *solidarity 




 I wuv you :*( and I miss my granma!!!! 




 EXACTLY and aww you're so awesome (Grandmas rule) 




 I agree, but as you can see by declining ratings, people are fed up. I"m fed up. I don't think I will watch until 6x10 if I know it will all be just filler. 




 Why have you made this show so annoyingly hard to like? 

If it were not for the amazing cast and crew, your continually frustrating red herrings and lackluster reveals would have cancelled the show ages ago.

I'm not saying Marlene lacks in talent. She is an excellent writer.

I'm just saying: COME ON NOW.

You're not even giving us any way to make sense of who Charles is, even 6 episodes in.

I just think if you want less frustrated fans and more viewers for the last season, you have to give something throughout the season. Let it be a gradual buildup not filler...filler...filler...then the last episode BAM half hearted answers. 




 Hey I think you're awesome for directing such a cool show and I like Finding Carter too. I'm sorry I'm late but, was wondering why the design of Pretty Little Liars was split into A and B, is that to enable more viewership? 
























 I, I saw mom throw Aunt Marion from the rooftop, Charlie Worsens.

there, solved. :D 




 So I got it then :D  




 NICE 




 hahahaha 




 I saw mom throw aunt Marion from the rooftop, Charlie Worsens 




 "People don't care about what's fair. They care about what feels right."

*mic drop

Feel free to add your last line. 




 EXACTLY! That's what I'm saying. The quality has suffered throughout the years. 




 I honestly don't think it is. I think it's some of the problem, but not big enough to sacrifice quality. Ever hear of writer strikes? And MOST IMPORTANTLY, isn't Marlene King producer as well??!? Pretty sure she has a lot of say when it comes to PLL. 
























 I don't even know anymore :*( I can't do anything with the PLL plot. 




 I think Mona was lying. We'll have to wait and see if the writers and Marlene make sense of it all. 




 We'll see in the finale. They haven't really shown anything before Allison went missing that has to do with her family other than that Charles clip. 




 Jason was the cause of Charlie's death.

Jason got locked away in Radley.
Jason saw Marion get pushed by his mom.
Jason assumed the Charlie persona.
Jason's mom got him out of Radley.
Bethany dies.
Jason reassumes Charles Persona.
Alison comes back, Charles starts working with Marion.

Charles is Jason. 




 You got the last part. You did it though. So it's your credit. 




 foxf4ce got it. She said:  "I saw mom throw aunt Marion from rooftop, Charlie rises now." 




 woah!!!!!!!!!!! you got it!! 




 You should write a book. 
























 love it! 




 Lucas is Charles 




  Its just bad writing.

 




 http://i.imgur.com/zjvox7f.jpg 









 http://i.imgur.com/zjvox7f.jpg 




 show me a pic plz 




 GIVE ME THE results :D 
























 yaaaaassssssssss 




 not if charles died and he's just impersonating him. 









 Lucas is A. He was seen with a black hoodie, he has motive, he may have been adopted, he loves toy planes and cars. Yeah I think he's Charles 




 thank you so much for the pictures. I now think and I think it seems to fit more, that Charles is Lucas. But thank you very much for the pics. 




 thanks for posting original link.  




 I dunno it happened in an episode. 





























 if he was in radley like charles supposedly was two years ago, how would wren become a licensed doctor that quickly? 




 if thats true then you'd have to rule out everyone, especially wren and cece. if charles is charles and hes alive, we never saw him and all the a clues are useless. 




 wasnt he homeschooled after he got tired of Mona blackmailing him. He even mentioned, he has a lot of free time. He could have easily just impersonated Charles in order to hide his true identity. Besides, we haven't seen Wren or Jason in a black hoodie. But we have Lucas and Cece. And i think lucas is a transgendered person so i definitely think it's him. 









 MMMMm you speaking to my heart right now. I'd drink the whole bottle with some smoked gouda and graham crackers. 









 What if Alison saw her mom give Charles a yellow dress? And then her mom told her to forget him? That could tie in the real yellow dress and the metaphor. 




 I think Alison saw her mom buy Charlie a yellow dress and then her mom made her forget she saw Charlie altogether and the dream became the two yellow dresses 
























 Actually I keep hearing this and it wouldn't matter his age if Charles died and he's just impersonating him. The actor will be making an appearance in the 6A finale. It's been confirmed he will be "involved" in the episodes of the finale or close to the finale. Wren will not be. And those that theorize Cece is Charles assume Cece is transgendered and was once a man. The actor who plays Lucas himself stated that would be a great reveal, but he thinks the network would not approve something like that. So if it's not Cece, the other only real suspect to be A, it has to be Lucas.  




 They thought Wren was A. 




 woah so charlie pushed marion? woah nice!!! 




 http://www.bustle.com/articles/86785-is-lucas-charles-dilaurentis-on-pretty-little-liars-that-anagram-may-hold-the-answer-to-the

http://tremolux.tumblr.com/post/112758824180/uber-a-whats-in-a-name

Though i think the person meant big a not uber a 




 thank you 




 tell me about it. We shouldn't have to guess this hard! 




 I thought it was Wren then I said no because Marlene said we saw A in a black hoodie. I though Jason but then we never did see him in a black hoodie and he did look sincere when they revealed charles. I thought Ezra but then, he was there to rescue the girls. Toby was also unavailable because he was at the station. The only ones left are Lucas and Cece. They both were in black hoodies, they both had connections with Jason and they both were absent a lot but still in several episodes of pll 




 I don't think Wren is Charles if that were the case then. I don't really think someone could fake being a doctor and treat people all within the timespan of 2 years. 
























