



























































 It will be a hard birth because she is under 6 months. While they can get pregnant, rabbits under 6 months can have their pelvic bones broken during birth. 




 I second everything in this post. It takes time and earning their trust is actually a very passive process that just requires patience. 

Feeding him his greens by hand, even if just holding out your hand flat with a leaf on it, is extremely helpful as they learn to associate you with food. 

Another important thing is to stay out of their space. Whether they have a pen or they are free roaming there is going to be some spot where their food bowls and litter box are. Leave it alone except when cleaning. Let them out and try to clean when they are not near the cage. On a similar note, if our rabbits are in their cardboard hidey boxes we don't bother them. And we open their pen door to let them out and let them go back in as opposed to picking them up and putting them back in.  




 Bonding usually takes longer than a week. Personally, I would seek to be involved in the bonding process. You need to learn the visual language of the rabbits to know when they are being aggressive and when they are establishing pecking order with dominant behavior. There are things you are allowed to let them do and things you should never let them do. 

There is always the risk of them getting hurt. There is absolutely no way to watch them 24/7 and prevent every nip. Checking them over while they are in the process of bonding is important to make sure there are no scabbed wounds getting infected underneath.

I would ask this lady to teach me bonding techniques and include me in the bonding. You will probably need to keep the bunnies in side by side housing for a while as they get used to sharing the same space. You can even swap which pen they are in each day. 

Don't go into this blindly and assume she will be able to do the work and you will bring home 2 perfectly bonded rabbits. Bringing home a rabbit into the other rabbit's house could upset the work she has done and require further bonding efforts. 

There are lots of techniques and lots of opinions about how bonding can be done best. Do some research, and don't let her exclude you from the process. 




 Our bird loves to get into our rabbits' hay, too! Cute :) 




 I love seeing older bunnies doing good!  




 I think I posted a link to the album the first time and meant to just post a link to this pic. Doesn't really matter as it is the only pic in the album now, but there may be more later :) 




 Solid linework and beautiful color. Love elephants. Great tatt! 









 Gorgeous ink. Love the green. 

















































 While the wounds are healing do this twice a day:
Take a washcloth with hot salty water and hold it on the wounds to soak them and clean them. 
Spray them with this: http://store.vetericyn.com/index.php/wound-and-skin-care/vetericyn-all-animal-wound-and-skin-care-4-oz-liquid-pump.html
Make sure they do not close over from the top and have pus building up under the scab. Make sure they are closing from the inside. The soaking with the wet washcloth will help this and the vetericyn will keep the wound from getting infected (and be safe for your rabbit). 
This is all information our vet gave us about caring for wounds and she is a very good rabbit vet.

As far as bleeding, rabbits are small and bleeding out is a serious danger. Stypic powder can help stop bleeding from small wounds. http://www.amazon.com/Miracle-Care-Kwik-Styptic-Powder/dp/B0002H3RBU/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1375141400 sr=8-2 keywords=styptic+powder 
Clean q-tip in the powder and dab it on the wound.

If you are worried your bunny isnt eating properly, try critical care:
http://www.amazon.com/Oxbow-Critical-Apple-Banana-Supplement/dp/B001FKACXO/ref=sr_1_2?s=pet-supplies ie=UTF8 qid=1375141438 sr=1-2 keywords=critical+care
It says to mix with water. If your bunny isnt eating it, get some canned organic pumpkin or a little bit of banana to mash up with it. This is what we use for sick rabbits at our rescue. You may need to syringe feed her this if she isnt eating and wont eat this.

And consider keeping your rabbit indoors! There are lots of benefits to having a houserabbit, and we see a lot of injured rabbits come in from encounters with wildlife in their outdoor hutches. 




 Take your rabbit to the vet. If he is bobbing his head and seems dizzy and spacey it could be head tilt. 
If he is avoiding placing weight on his leg he may have hurt himself. 
The cost of an exam from my vet is $60. 
The rest of the cost will depend on what is wrong with him and what the treatment is. 
























 Lionheads have a very specific type of personality. They tend to be opinionated and vocal (yes they make funny sounds). They can also be a little nippy. They require more grooming.

Rexes can get sore hocks quite easily if their flooring is not soft enough. 

My personal opinion is that source and connection matters more than breed. Rescue rabbits and shelter bunnies need homes - don't buy from a breeder and encourage more rabbit breeding. There are already plenty of buns looking for someone to love. Meet the rabbits and see which one you feel more comfortable with, which one you like and seems interested in you. Don't just buy based on looks.  :) 

And remember, the red eyed whites that you always see are the black cats of rabbits. They aren't worse rabbits, quite the opposite. They are typically calm, intelligent, and friendly. They just have less people interested into them because of their "boring" coat color and "creepy" eyes.  




 Sadly we have multiple litters of rabbits being fostered in our rescue right now. It may be a while before they are all placed :-/ 




 We have a piece of cardboard under the bird cage that catches any poops from when she is hanging on the outside of her cage. When they harden the rabbits like to chew them off the cardboard - pretty sure they aren't actually eating it though. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Midwest-Black-E-Coat-Exercise-Pen/dp/B000H8YTJI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1375400007 sr=8-1 keywords=xpen

 




 Thanks! I had never had a conure before. I wasn't even looking to get a bird. We volunteer with rabbits at a shelter that doesn't "do" birds and she was in the back. I had never seen a prettier bird! She seemed friendly and curious and I couldn't get her out of my head. I went back a few days later to bring her home :)  




 Green cheeked. The pretty colors are the yellow-sided mutation. We don't know her sex. We call her a her because we chose Leela as a name. 




 Most of the time they seem to get along fine. I have seen her peck at him once or twice - we don't leave her out when we aren't in the room with them. Better safe than sorry.  




 Twelve born. Eleven made it. 
























 For some reason they always behaved best huddled together in the litterbox 














 Haha, yes! 




 Awesome. Yeah, we had to bathe our bunnies once because my bf went a little overboard with a "bonding exercise". Someone had suggested rubbing a tiny bit of banana behind the ears to get them to groom each other. The tiny bit must have escaped him because they were sticky and stiff even in to the next day so we decided to clean them up. I wish I had known about these wipes then! We actually just learned about them Tuesday night in our shelter volunteer meeting! 

We knew it was bad to bathe the bunnies and I have a pretty funny pic of him blowdrying them. It is true, you post anything saying you bathed your bunny and you are going to get a lot of people telling you not to bathe your bunny! Sometimes it has to happen, but the less we can do it the better. 

It is a shame because they look so funny and cute when they come out of the bath - but people really are just looking out for the little guys. Lola is adorable :) 




 beautiful! 




 What a great low cost solution 









 This looks great! Love the bar and red walls too! 




 WAY TOO CUTE 




 What a handsome bunny! He is lucky to have a foster home 3 




 May I recommend: http://www.amazon.com/Earthbath-Natural-Hypo-Allergenic-Fragrance-Free-Grooming/dp/B000WFIVSQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1375305335 sr=8-1 keywords=grooming+wipes

Less stress for the bunny. 
Also, rabbits can get hypothermia even if it is not that cold out. They don't dry easily and it is very stressful for them to be wet and to be blowdried.  




 I am willing to bet you can't ;) Nanas please! 




 She. Her baby name at the rescue was Pandora 3 




 Pretty sure. I have done some reading on it and she seems to really enjoy being held like this. I understand that they will also zonk out in this position, but when she struggles a little I don't put her in it. I only do it if she seems to want to be held that way. She purrs while she is like this, too - so that indicates to me that she is enjoying herself and is present. 




 Her name is Guinevere. We call her Gwen Danzig sometimes :-p 




 It was all I could do not to adopt this little gal on the spot! 




 Sounds like I have a new comic to check out!  


































 Aw he did so good on his dates! As far as simulating at home - you may know this, but if you put them somewhere unfamiliar it is best (bathtub with a towel down works great). 

We had a lot of success with a nervous bun by opening the pen door and sitting on the ground and letting her come to us - we also put her food in and out that way. She had the opposite problem (ran and hid), but it may be helpful for a little biter, too. 

And we don't have chickens - that video is actually in the shelter. They had roosters in there that day! 

Can't wait to hear/see more of Squishy! Hope everybun is settling in well. 




 Awesome. I was there the day he came in the shelter. (I volunteer with the Rabbit Haven)

Enjoy a video of him being "aggressive" to me in the shelter! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq8Ac2nAXJA feature=c4-overview list=UUszCsrsauaGtBORGmKIeS2g

I am so happy he found a home. I heard from a volunteer who was at the show that day that he loved his new family instantly and it was a very good match - so congratulations and enjoy this little puff ball! =:)

And please keep posting pics! Seeing the buns happy in their new homes is one of the best things for a shelter volunteer! 









 Hilarious. Now you need a nice Giant to pose as Jabba ;) 




 Yes! So cute! Please keep posting pics of him :) 




 Was his name Herschel?! I think this is a bunny I played with at our shelter!!! :D 




 Thank you so much!  




 As someone who works with a rescue, and as a shelter volunteer, I beg you not to have baby bunnies. Our rescue has taken in so many litters born to unspayed female rabbits in the shelter that need a foster home to go to. There are also babies found dumped by breeders who can't get rid of them. There are so many ways to bring baby rabbits into your home without contributing to the problem and taking away homes from rabbits that already exist. 

Get in touch with a local rescue or shelter and let them know you are interested in raising a litter. When they were grown the rescue would be helping you find them good homes - and they usually give you first priority if you want to adopt any. 

Just my 2 cents. 




 Female rabbits who aren't spayed have an 80%+ chance of getting uterine cancer before they are 3 years old. Definitely get her spayed. (As abyssurr already said) Plus all the behavioral benefits. 7 months is old enough. 6 months is old enough. She will be fine :)

As far as other ideas - everyone is saying vinegar for cleaning and that is great. The other thing you can do is to put litter boxes there. They will be in the way, yes, but if you fill the area with litter boxes and there is no way to pee there without peeing in them - maybe she will get the point. It helped with a lot of problem areas for us. 




 All of the rabbits were malnourished and underweight. They were not being fed properly OR enough. 




 I work with these guys. I gotta say, we have ALL been asking ourselves the same question. I don't know that it was a lack of realization as much as possibly a lack of funds, motivation, proactivity...  




 love the sweater 




 So sad 3 Poor little guy, and hugs to you too 




 He is only about 6 lbs 




 We have two other bunnies and are working on bonding them :) 









 Thanks!

It has an opening so I suppose it could have been done any time. We don't have any vet records for her. She was a stray found in a field and I took her home from the shelter.

 I need to take her in to a bird vet to get her checked out and make sure she is okay. A vet might have more info for us.

We have no idea how old she is. We don't actually know if she is a she but we named her Leela, so we call her she. 




 For sure. This little gal was a rescue from the shelter - not bought. Good info, would probably not get any animal that wasn't a rescue/shelter adoption though :) 




 cute :) 




 My conure was in the back of the shelter in the rabbit room I volunteer in. The shelter has no bird facilities and doesn't even adopt birds out of there. Because I am a volunteer with a rescue I was able to rescue her under the rabbit rescue's name and take her home. She already had a band on her ankle. 

Where would she have had this band put on? What do the numbers and letters mean?  




 He is pretty independent but easygoing. He is a mellow guy and enjoys some snuggles now and again :) 




 Awwww she is pretty! If you got her from The Rabbit Haven in California in the last year (he isn't even 1 yet) - she might be ;) 



















 Absolutely! 




 If you keep them as livestock, they are dirty like livestock. If you give them a home, they are perfect pets :) 




 Yes I pre-made all the meals and labelled "Saturday AM" "Saturday PM"

We changed the litter before we left and the day we got back (Friday, Sunday)... so we didn't worry about that. 

I would make sure they know to refill the hay box if it is empty. 

I have heard some people say their pets, rabbits included, like when the tv or radio is left on for them - that it helps them not be lonely. Perhaps your parents could turn something on during the day?  




 Rabbits are extremely clean! They clean themselves constantly and if kept in a clean environment are not smelly or dirty. 

Their breath smells good, they don't have a "smell" like dogs do, and you don't have to wash them.

The only thing "dirty" about our rabbits is that there is now hay everywhere in our house. Hay isn't really dirty... so I would say your roomates are crazy.

Also, as the other commenter said, they aren't rodents.  




 We just left our buns for 2 days. We have three of them and they range from slightly under a year to 3.5 years. We also have a bird. My parents came by twice a day to feed everyone and talk to them and give them treats - make sure they are pooping and not looking ill. 

They live in x pens set up to make a 4x4 area for each so they aren't cramped, but they are used to being let out everyday. They were thrilled to see us when we got home and did not seem angry. 

I recommend leaving a note with instructions to your sitter. This is what ours looked like:

Rabbits:
Change water
Fill hay racks - hay in large green bins
Fill food bowls - food labelled in tupperware in fridge
If it is very hot - put frozen water bottles from freezer in their cage for them to lay against. You can also turn on the wall AC in the room if you close the sliding kitchen door and come by later to turn the AC off.
Pet their heads and say some nice words to them
Check for any emergency situations. Rabbits can die within 24 hours of contracting some conditions. Emergency vet information is below. 

Emergencies: (none SHOULD happen, but just in case, these are immediate vet situations)
Heat Stroke - runny nose, listless, hot ears. Cool water (not ice) on ears and get to vet.
Respiratory Issues - gasping for air, runny nose, stretching neck out to breathe.
Back, leg, or neck injury - Dragging a limb, inability to put weight on limb, dragging butt
Bloody wounds, eye injuries, or electric shock from chewing a cord
GI Stasis - not eating, no feces
Runny or liquid feces
Head tilt
Loud tooth grinding is a sign of pain

We left a carrier by the back door just in case you need it

Vet Info
Santa Clara Pet Hospital
Dr. Lawrence
Phone:(408)296-5857
Next to Eriks on Kiely
Monday through Friday 7:30am until 6:30pm
Saturday 8:00am until 2:00pm

Emergency Info
United Emergency Animal Clinic - 408-371-6252
Emergency Animal Clinic of San Jose - 408-578-5622
South Peninsula Veterinary Emergency Clinic - 650-494-1461
 




 We just left our buns for 2 days. We have three of them and they range from slightly under a year to 3.5 years. We also have a bird. My parents came by twice a day to feed everyone and talk to them and give them treats - make sure they are pooping and not looking ill. 

They live in x pens set up to make a 4x4 area for each so they aren't cramped, but they are used to being let out everyday. They were thrilled to see us when we got home and did not seem angry. 

I recommend leaving a note with instructions to your sitter. This is what ours looked like:

Rabbits:
Change water
Fill hay racks - hay in large green bins
Fill food bowls - food labelled in tupperware in fridge
If it is very hot - put frozen water bottles from freezer in their cage for them to lay against. You can also turn on the wall AC in the room if you close the sliding kitchen door and come by later to turn the AC off.
Pet their heads and say some nice words to them
Check for any emergency situations. Rabbits can die within 24 hours of contracting some conditions. Emergency vet information is below. 

Emergencies: (none SHOULD happen, but just in case, these are immediate vet situations)
Heat Stroke - runny nose, listless, hot ears. Cool water (not ice) on ears and get to vet.
Respiratory Issues - gasping for air, runny nose, stretching neck out to breathe.
Back, leg, or neck injury - Dragging a limb, inability to put weight on limb, dragging butt
Bloody wounds, eye injuries, or electric shock from chewing a cord
GI Stasis - not eating, no feces
Runny or liquid feces
Head tilt
Loud tooth grinding is a sign of pain

We left a carrier by the back door just in case you need it

Vet Info
Santa Clara Pet Hospital
Dr. Lawrence
Phone:(408)296-5857
Next to Eriks on Kiely
Monday through Friday 7:30am until 6:30pm
Saturday 8:00am until 2:00pm

Emergency Info
United Emergency Animal Clinic - 408-371-6252
Emergency Animal Clinic of San Jose - 408-578-5622
South Peninsula Veterinary Emergency Clinic - 650-494-1461 




 Is there an emergency animal care clinic in your area? This is a situation where it would be good to use it. 


































 So happy you have someone there for you during the tough times. Bunnies are the best! 

Thank you for saving that little baby, and for seeking out information on how to properly care for her. 3  




 Really? That is so awesome!
 




 I second all this - and add that black bunnies can also be hard to adopt. 

Our post easter lop/lionhead intake isn't as obviously high - and they move out of the shelter quickly 




 If you can free up a weekend and house them together while hanging out and supervising I think that is the safest way to see if they are ready to live together. 

But first - what sneaky_dragon said.

We have one pair that was great right away and we moved them in together after about 3 weeks.

We have another we have been trying to bond for months and we still can't even leave them to play in the roaming area without us in the room.

It sounds like yours get along well - but cuddle with them for a while, let them play together some, and keep a close eye on them the first couple days/nights they are housed together.  




 The REW T-shirt campaign has ended! We beat our goal - finishing up with 40 shirts sold and $418 raised for REWs!!! Whether you bought a shirt or shared the link - Izzy and I thank you all who helped make our first Booster campaign such a huge success!

https://scontent-b-sjc.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc1/575288_225872154250575_156327903_n.jpg 




 Thank you thank you! I will be over there tonight :-/ 




 Every bit helps and the Rabbit Haven uses money very effectively from what I have seen. Thank you so much for your contribution and well wishes... this is definitely going to be a difficult situation to get under control. 3 




 hmm... maybe Booster hasn't tested on Chrome? I can ask them about that. 

Thank you so much for buying one and for trying to share - I usually just copy paste the link to the page - you might try that :) 




 My REW Contessa Isabella Button-nose (Izzy) helping me set up the campaign ;)

https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/1391473_218198245017966_1974862070_n.jpg 




 We have four, and a bird. The cover photo for the page shows all our animals. 

Other than that we have Anushka, our foster. And we get to play with all sorts of bunnies at the shelter we volunteer at and the adoption shows we work with The Rabbit Haven. It's a bunderful life :) 




 What is the purple stuff in the litter? 




 Awesome! Thank you so much! All rabbits are wonderful but these guys need the extra helping hand.  




 https://www.facebook.com/BunnyMenagerie

I have a whole album of pics of her and a few of her sister (when they got a little older then started fighting and we had to find a different foster for her sister).  




 Only a little. Her sister is the sassy one. She is pretty sweet/docile. 

Elvira is a cutie! :) 




 This is her glamorshot https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc1/944298_216373865200404_1213283964_n.jpg 




 You should tell your friend about Booster.com if she needs to raise funds for anything! 

BTW - our foster bun is a black lionhead half-lop. Even with all that cute, she still hasn't found a home. I believe in black bunny aversion :(
https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1476377_222044297966694_1047771619_n.jpg

 




 Your Barry is right! And damn cute! 

He wants to help his brethren. 




 If you are the one who just bought #35 - Thank YOU! REWs are difficult for us to take in as they are harder to move out to homes - and we are a foster based rescue, no actual facility. People tend to come in wanting lionheads and lops and dwarves. If they have any medical issues this compounds the problem as we have limited funds. With some money for the bunnies we can focus on finding the fosters and not fret about the cost for a few!

(Our fourth bunny is a REW and she is absolutely incredible - smart and sweet and so much fun.) 









 I meant to have her sit on a perch and hold it - but she was having none of it. If I knew she would be using the candy cane as a perch I would have got a bigger one!!!  




 Absolutely! Along with our rabbit pics: http://imgur.com/a/EEahq 




 Two of our 4 were a result of fostering! We have a foster now we have managed not to adopt - but it is so hard. I fall in love with every one of them! 



















 Where do you find tiny wings!!!? 




 Good luck! 

As far as the carpet living room - we put litter boxes in the problem areas. We also block off some areas with an extra x-pen. (You can get them online at amazon for just $35-$40).

Also, depending on what kind of pen you are using - we use a fitted sheet on the xpen of our foster bunny. We put a nice big blanket down, then we just put the pen inside the sheet and pull the elastic edges up the sides of the pen and spread it out. I imagine if you put down blankets, then the shower curtain liner, then did this with a fitted sheet and pen - maybe even using binder clips to clip the sheet to the pen so that they can't pull it off - you could probably keep them from being able to move it. They could still eat through the whole pile if they wanted - but hopefully they wouldn't!
Here is a picture of the sheet setup: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=214026748768449 set=pb.186692944835163.-2207520000.1383324903. type=3 theater

RE litter- You are correct. Aspen is a hard wood and is fine to use. Pine and cedar on the other hand are the problematic ones. Details here:
http://www.rabbit.org/care/shavings.html
Carefresh is fine as well! :) 




 I would say - new skin for the one with the red scabbies. Then the A D ointment daily on both buns feet (you can get it cheap at any drug store) since they are prone (the weight of the Cali and the fur type of the rex) - wait until you aren't using the new skin to put it on that bun. 

One thing you could try is to soften their ground - put down a bunch of thick blankets so it is cushiony. Then cover it with a shower curtain liner and do a single sheet on top. You may have to wash the sheet, but at least you wouldn't have to wash the pile of blankets, and you would have the squishy surface that helps prevent sore hocks in the first place. 

As far as litter selections - we used Critter Country to start and now use wood pellets. Yesterdays News is another type of bedding made from recycled paper that you might try. Wood shavings are actually not a safe litter for rabbits (despite being sold for them) because of the phenols in the wood. Basically it is toxic fumes that over time cause liver problems in small animals. 

As far as getting him to quit peeing everywhere - keep it clean, use vinegar to get rid of the ammonia scent, and basically don't let him think it is a litterbox. Our rabbits peed most when they were fairly new to each other - they calmed it down a lot the more comfortable they got with each other. Did the peeing start only after changing the litter? Or had it already been a problem?

Also, when I have had problems with lots of peeing, I just put several litter boxes in the pen. That way there was not a lot of space to pee on towels etc., but it was reinforcing the use of the box. Pay attention to if there is a specific spot he wants to pee as well, you can always stick an extra box there.

Good luck! 




 I LOVE the bag! Gorgeous work! 




 This is the advice I give to people when I cut their bunnies nails:

What Are Sore Hocks?
If you take a close look at the heels of an adult rabbit, you will usually find a small, bare, pale pink callused area right at the tip of the heel, covered by a fold of fur. This is normal. Sore hocks are different - red and inflamed rather than the pale pink callused area. They may weep or become infected. In very severe, untreated cases, the tendons that run over the hock may move out of position, crippling the rabbit. The usual site of trouble is at the tip of the heel, but severe cases may involve any or all of the weight-bearing part of the back and front feet. 
There are many predisposing factors: Poor hygiene and damp bedding, Rex coat, long nails, obesity, immobility, unsuitable flooring, large breeds, excessive thumping. Even well cared for house rabbits can get sore hocks. 

Causes
In the wild a rabbit spends its time moving about on grass and earth. These surfaces are compliant and allow for the healthiest use of the rabbits feet. They allow the toe nails to sink into the ground, encouraging the whole bottom of the foot to contact the ground and hence reducing the pressure on the foot. In contrast, hard flooring means that the rabbits toenails cant sink in. It doesnt make any difference whether the flooring is carpet, wood, vinyl, or plastic. All give the same result; the toe nails cant sink in, the front part of the foot is lifted off the ground, and the majority of the weight is thrown onto the hocks, causing problems rather like a pressure sore. If the rabbit is heavy, or obese, the pressure on the hock is greater and problems are more likely to arise. Conversely, an immobile rabbit wont be hopping about in order to relieve the pressure on the hock area. If the surface upon which bunny spends most time is abrasive (e.g. carpet) this can contribute to sore hocks as well. 

Treatment 

The first step is to trim the nails as short as possible without damaging the quick. 

Next, look at the surface the rabbit spends most time on. The perfect flooring is a compliant surface, where the toe nails can sink in, allowing the foot to function more as nature intended. This should be provided where the rabbit spends most of its time. Layers of fleece can provide a good flooring. 

Carpet is abrasive, some bunnies develop friction burns on back and front feet from leaping about on synthetic carpets. 

If the rabbit is too fat examine the diet for changes. 

Any rabbit kept in damp conditions or outdoors or in a hutch must be brought in.

The hock itself can be treated with the following products: SSD 1% Cream or A   D Ointment 

New-Skin can be highly effective treatment for sore hocks. It provides extra cushion to take weight off the hock, and protects the inflamed area, allowing it to heal. Just place some on the affected area and hold your bunny until it dries. Each treatment will last several days. 
With a severe case of sore hocks take your rabbit to see the vet for a thorough health check as well as treatment of the actual sore hock. Sometimes systemic antibiotics are required as well as pain medication and possibly bandaging. 

Prevention 
Keep those nails trimmed, provide good flooring and dont let your bun get fat.
 
























 Not to mention those flowers are not rabbit safe.  




 Shame on Martha Stewart Living. Not only do they pose live rabbits in their Easter baskets for photos, they actually suggest including a hotot rabbit in your basket! (Cover and page 95) There is no information regarding life-span or care. I have already written and told the magazine that rabbits are not disposable Easter decorations and that the dumping situation is bad enough without their irresponsible encouragement. Here is the link to contact them if you wish to add your voice: http://www.marthastewart.com/contact-us-form or Editor's email: living@marthastewart.com 














 that paw! 




 Thanks! 




 Happy Gotcha Day to the Princess Lady Guinevere Snugglebottom. She was our foster for 5 days before the papers got signed! :D 














 She is absolutely in love with him. I'm ok - but he is the best thing in the world as far as she is concerned.  









 Enough people have enough of a soft spot to see what you consider fugly as character.  These buns will look good as new once treated though. It is actually really amazing how well rabbits heal and how fast. And after 1 molt (which happen multiple times a year) a stained rabbit has a brand new sparkling white coat. A lot of white rabbits come to the shelter urine stained from being kept in tiny neglected hutches. They look good as new after a molt.  




 People take animals with all kinds of disabilities - I saw a lady who took a rabbit whose ear had been cut with scissors the other day. 

I have a friend who rescues bull terriers - many from terrible conditions. His current dog has scars all over his face.
 




 you can use liquid bandage to provide a surface barrier. Vitamin a d ointment without fragrance added is also helpful.

HealX is made for sore hocks - but is expensive and takes weeks before results take effect. 




 It looks like she is claiming her kill  




 Aside from the general awfulness of how people use animals - this serves as a good warning for anyone posting on classifieds. Make sure you are only sharing information you want public! 




 I usually just tell them they're SO creative. They usually don't have much besides their one stupid unoriginal joke - so it isn't like they are going to go on about recipes to me and require much more than that. It shows "I don't think you're being cute or funny, I have heard it before, and frankly you aren't even clever." Convo usually moves on pretty fast from there.

As far as guests and my buns not wanting to be chased - I usually gather up my rabbits when guests arrive and introduce them - let guests pet them while I hold them so they can meet each other.  




 Beautiful picture! 




 To my knowledge, trancing only occurs when 

1. The head of the rabbit is lowered below the heart while on their back

2. The neck is bent back and not supported properly

It is possible to hold a rabbit on its back without trancing it. 

I also do an arm cradle with bigger bunnies so their butt is in my lap and their shoulders rest against the crook of my left elbow (semi-reclined) - I wrap my forearm over them and use the left hand to hold the feet I am working with or to pet them and calm them. 

 




 http://www.howcast.com/videos/514678-How-to-Trim-Your-Rabbits-Nails-Pet-Rabbits

I haven't done this but it looks cool 




 smallpetselect.com and rabbitholehay.com are places I order from 




 Celery can be dangerous if they don't chew through the strings and it clogs their GI tract. The easy fix to that is to just chop it up before giving it to them 




 So freaking cool 




 Nina
 




 http://imgur.com/c5fti8g  Leela Beela in candy cane festivity 




 Go for it!  




 Thanks! The helmet was not easy to make! It was a foil loaf pan - making a helmet that works with his ears and being able to see his eyes on the side of his head etc is kinda tricky!  




 Thank you- he does sit pretty doesn't he? 

Hard to believe we never had rabbits a year ago and now we have 4 and are active volunteers with a rescue!  




 Thank you! and happy bunniversary to you and Eve! 




 Not sure if you saw the other post of him or not: http://www.reddit.com/r/Rabbits/comments/1uhvfw/the_story_of_how_a_young_rabbit_was_knighted/ 









 so awesome 
























 i see you are grooming yourself. i think you are clean enough. my turn!  




 bonded buns together are just about the cutest thing in the universe 




 That said, there were some rabbits at BunnyFest wearing theirs all day! 




 That is exactly what she did as soon as I stopped petting her - this picture is taken in the split second between removing my hand and the ear flick ;) 




 o.m.g.

that is the cutest bunny ever! 




 Congrats! To many more comfortable, trusting flops! 




 This is so cool!  




 See also: licking his paws on top of her head while she wishes he was licking her ears

http://imgur.com/Ov1Yqya 




 http://therabbithaven.org/bunnyfest2014/ 




 http://therabbithaven.org/bunnyfest2014/ 




 Two buns. Izzy, the REW is trying desperately to get Rox to groom her - while he ignores her and licks his thigh instead. 




 Pics when you do, please! 
























 One's a word. The other isn't.

Regardless means without regard.

Ir is a prefix usually negating what follows. (ir-responsible, ir-replaceable)

RegardLESS already negates the regard.

IR-regardless would mean NOT regardless. People use it to mean regardless. It isn't a word, and if it were it wouldn't mean what you are trying to use it to say.  




 And if you are going to have a yard rabbit - be aware that this is a house rabbit community and your decision to keep your rabbit outside will concern the users here and they will speak up about it. 

It isn't about being harsh (though it is true people sometimes are) - it all comes from concern for the animals. As someone who volunteers for a rescue and shelter, I have seen rabbits who lived outdoors come in with bites, wounds, mites, infections, nails longer than my fingers, abscesses, urine scald, sore hocks, etc. Some of these conditions are caused by being kept outdoors (mites and predator bites definitely are higher risks for outdoor rabbits) and others are simply let to go on too long because they aren't noticed as the rabbit isn't getting proper attention. 

Those of us who have seen the results of people keeping their rabbits outdoors are going to have strong feelings about it. Because it is not pretty - not because we dislike you. 

Vet bills for rabbits are expensive as they are seen as an "exotic" pet and require special vets, and the heartache of feeling like you failed your pet or they are sick because of something you could have prevented is just not worth it. 

Just make sure you know what you are getting into and are prepared to offer your rabbit a good home for its entire life. 
 




 No one has said it yet, so I will. Don't buy a rabbit, adopt one. Check out your local rescues and animal shelters. You can get a perfectly healthy, already fixed rabbit without contributing to breeders (who often are in it for profit and not for the well-being of the animals). 

If you don't want a lot of grooming - stay away from lionheads, angoras, woolies, and all the super fuzzy breeds. 

Be aware that you will have to brush your rabbit multiple times a week during molt, and that you will need to brush it at least once a week the rest of the time. (Assuming it is not a fuzzy breed)

Dwarf breeds are smaller when they are older - but come with higher risk for certain health problems. If you are looking for low maintenance a big red eyed white may be a safer bet. 

And please, read up on rabbits. They really are safer and more comfortable indoors. There are a lot of reasons and u/vgr1 already linked you to a great video detailing them. 
This is not me saying you are just going to throw it out there and ignore it - but that doesn't change the fact that they are safer indoors. 

Rabbits do require a good amount of caring for. You won't find a breed that doesn't unless you find a colony of wild cottontails to relocate to your yard. 

One huge reason it is good to have your rabbit indoors is because you notice things more quickly. Rabbits live on a sped up timeline - they can be fine today, not eat tonight, and die tomorrow. If your rabbit is living in the same space as you it is far more likely you will notice the change and get them to a vet. This also speaks to the amount of care they require - as a prey animal they try to hide their illness. In prey species - signs of weakness make you a target for predators. You need to be paying close attention to your pet in order to see changes in behavior or physical changes that signify major problems (and sometimes problems that can kill your pet within 24 hours). Rabbits in general don't require a ton of grooming - brushing once a week and a nail trim every 6 weeks - but they do require a lot of attention that they may not get in the backyard. 

Check out some of the articles, research proper care, and when you are ready, adopt - don't buy.    :D 




 Vet like everyone says. 

But for the record - bathing a rabbit with urine stains all over is not bad. Usually you would use just water or very very mild soap with no fragrance, and only wash the butt, gently because the skin is sensitive from urine scald - but we do this all the time with rabbits whose bottoms are urine-soaked as the urine needs to be washed off or it will continue to burn the skin.  




 He doesn't actually bite ;)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq8Ac2nAXJA

(his shelter name was Herschel, I assure you this is Squishy) 




 wtf is a cylinder fruit? 




 I like it - what is the point of the huge pot of soil at the bottom though? Is it only there to make the post stand? 




 Spending a few grand on a whole new wardrobe 




 I think your bunny looks cute. I love the curved bun! I call mine a croissant when he sleeps like that. Yours has its eye wide open, too - not so dead looking.  




 Mine look pretty dead, too. That said, dead-looking can be scary at first, but kind of cute in that they are willing to be super vulnerable and are clearly at home in their environment. 

https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1.0-9/1621842_256824737821983_120758305_n.jpg

https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/t1.0-9/q71/s720x720/1209135_197527637085027_708437528_n.jpg 




 It blows my mind that people will watch people be horrible parents on TV. How is it okay for these parents to behave like this in the first place? And why are we okay enough with it that we will watch it as entertainment, encouraging the behavior? (Toddlers in Tiaras, Dance Moms, that kinda stuff)  




 do it anyway 




 we use pine pellet horse bedding. Similar to wood stove pellets but I think they restrict the wood used a little more. The kiln process burns off any harmful phenols that wood shaving litter contains. 

it is $10 for a 40 lb bag where I live, but if you are in an area with agriculture and horses it can be $5 for the same bag. 

They are really absorbent and the odor isn't bad. You do have to change your litter every 2-3 days to keep odor down, with any litter. 




 We have 4 rabbits, 2 are a bonded pair that took about 2 weeks to get solid enough we were comfortable leaving them alone together (actually probably could have done it sooner but we were careful), and 2 we have been trying to bond for a year. 

The 2 that we are trying to bond - They get along well in close quarters and cuddling on a lap, but any attempts to have them play together or hang out in a small neutral space they get nippy and sometimes fight. We can't house them together because of this, but they do live in side by side pens. They will often flop next to each other and nose each other through the bars. They look like they are chatting sometimes. It is clear to us that although they aren't "bonded" and we can't leave them alone together, they get something out of the relationship and would probably be lonely were we to separate them or put a solid barrier between their separator bars. 
Background: We had walter, chose gwen, did a test bonding with our rescue that went well so we adopted her and started doing bonding at home.

I would definitely be aware that this scenario may happen. Bonding buns is an active process that takes patience and some rabbits just don't get along. 

Our other rabbits - we adopted rox after fostering him because we fell in love. Having 3 single rabbits we tried some 3 way bonding which seemed to get walter and gwen a little closer and they both hated rox. We ended up taking rox to an adoption show to meet other rabbits and the first one he met they were grooming each other within the half hour we were sitting with them. we adopted Izzy and brought her home and worked daily with them - with a totally different approach. We worked with them IN their pen - and put a divider up when we weren't doing bonding. There were no problems with them ever and I think they were just a good match.

So, with this pair, Rox had been the original rabbit. He had been dumped at the shelter by his family and I think had some abandonment issues. He clung to me, licked me, humped me, circled me - part of how he won a place in our home :-p
Once Izzy was in the picture, Rox mellowed WAY out. He still cuddles me and licks me some, but he is nowhere near as needy and seems more confident. Izzy is a huge lover and our most affectionate rabbit and I know she loves having him for a mate.

Basically, I think all of our rabbits get a lot from having other rabbits in their life. Rox and Izzy are definitely the shining example as he has changed so much for the better with her, and she just loves loving too much to be alone. Even Walter and Gwen seem to enjoy each others company.

I would be aware that if you are able to bond them it is easier as you have one set of dishes, one pen, one litter box. And I would be aware that it may take a while to get there. Be prepared to care for two separate rabbits if you decide to adopt, and take advantage of any matchmaking your local rescue may do. If you let your rabbit pick his friend it will make it much easier on you.  




 http://imgur.com/KqJxJSo 




 Unfortunately "on-hand" is as good as a "Free Bunnies!" craigslist ad away :-/ It was probably intended as a joke that you wouldn't actually have bunnies on hand, but putting the idea to add a rabbit to your basket in people's heads is the opposite of what we work for. "Add a bunny if you're prepared for the 10-year commitment" would be more acceptable.  
























 She says her name and hi but isn't that fantastic at pronunciation.  Sometimes it sounds like she is trying to say a word but I can't make it out 




 It will go up on Bunwear.spreadshirt.com in about a month and the profits will still benefit the rescue 









 Spoiled rotten! Just the way it should be. Cool design 




 Did you finally get him litter trained?! 









 It totally does!  




 She cracks us up daily. And I don't know that our mylar coated windows are beautiful - the sunflowers are nice though. Leela really enjoys hanging out on the patio.  




 Hah! Love it.  




 Thanks. We are Futurama fans in case you wondered :) 




 We have a young GCC too - she has been doing a crazy dance with her head more and has gotten more nippy with strangers recently.

Are there other changes we should be aware of? 









 Moar Rox Cutes https://imgur.com/a/oZ4IE 




 Here's his sad story if anyone wants the history of the king: http://www.therabbithaven.org/Rox_Appeal_020413.html 

(cuz those days are history! boo-yah!) 




 Happy first Gotcha Day to Dr. Rockso Luther King Senior! That's Rox for short. Done being a medical foster, he arrived at our house as a foster on April 5. He stole our hearts and there was no way we were ever going to get him to an adoption show. We signed the papers a year ago today and never looked back. After attempting some bonding with Walter and Gwen, we got him his very own lovebun in September and he and Izzy are now inseparable. He has come a long way from the sad, abandoned, broken leg bun he was and we are thrilled to have had the chance to get to know him, thanks to The Rabbit Haven. Long live the king! The opinionated, grunty, loving little bun he is! 









 Loves being anywhere my bf is. S/he adores him (we don't know sex but named Leela so usually gets 'she')

Lucky for me she still enjoys my scritches and affections. Moreso when he is in sight. :-p 




 I'm renting so it isn't technically mine. 

Nor do I intend to have kids let alone grandkids.

Though I may get it a pot - it is pretty cool. 




 California. I doubt it has ever been inside.  




 the woman who lived here before us was the landlords now deceased mother and she apparently did the yard. could be ancient.

It does look wild - kinda like a bonsai - stunted growth but old and gnarled. How big of a pot should I get? And should I really prune it?

I don't think the landlord would even know it was gone if I took it to the next house with me... 

 




 no idea. the woman who lived here before us was the landlords now deceased mother and she apparently did the yard. could be ancient. 




 The hanging basket was a gift and survived the winter... they perked right back up.

The thing (jade?) Bursting out of its pot was in the yard when I moved in. 









 ... but is it organic? o.O 









 I don't know where you are located - but shelters keep rabbits in pretty small cages and often rely on volunteers to get them out and let them run around some.

And rescues can always use hands or fosters. 




 hehehe - you have a pic of me in your album. Grats on winning one of the villas! Leith Petwerks donates so much every year - they are awesome. 

I was so happy it cooled off for the event this year. Out of curiosity - what are some of the things you thought were nicer? 

 




 She wasn't selling them and I don't know if she does or not. I don't even know her last name :-/ Commission someone who crochets/knits?  




 I bet you miss her. Our Leela is under 2 years old according to the vet (she is a rescue and we knew nothing about her - came in as a stray) so hopefully she will be sharing her adorableness with us for a long time to come! 




 Thanks! We keep her wings trimmed, but her flight feathers are blue and gorgeous when they are longer.  




 Sometimes she wants me to get the camera out of her face. Other times she does something cute for me. 

I say she because we named her/him Leela Beela. We actually have no clue what the real sex is. 




 Thanks - I think she's pretty, but then I'm biased 
























