 He will quit the game all together.  




 Ranked games should feature brackets and placement. So yea no stacking.

Angry, no.  I like reminding scrubs what they are. 




 "gb2 BF3 , we juz hardcore"

-team stacker like prodiG 




 ^Huge offender , always with his other "streamers" and "proz"



Go buy some more viewers. 




 Team stack more scrubs.    Takes a lot for me to do more then just lurk, but you guys team stack like WHOA.  See you in the Ranked Games, where you will fall like the brick you are. 
























 there is 1 cut, and 2 2 portions of increased speed.  Not really edited. 




 flicking it will display the info like I was zoomed in, whether I am or not so I ratehr be zoomed out. 




  Scrub logic. 

PWND 




 Hi scrubs.

Since you guys decided to riun the 2x XP for me and my wife, we each took a different region and spectated.   We frapped across several games, complied the footage and uploaded as private videos to youtube.    We then gave hirez access.  Personally we identified over 60 players using it across 1 or more games.  I sincerely hope I was responsible for your ban.  

-themosthardcore 




 don't eveb waste your time dude. this entire. sub is a place for streamers whoax at 30 viewer to whore more viewers, baddies to take there 1 %. of footage where they killed sone one(not uncomnon for it to be a single kill entire video) abd circle jerk about their narrow view that each class has only one viable loadout.

thet even ban smoke nades in "competitive " play.  scrubs 
























 Hi, I am the founder of 

Bukkake Baptism

/endcontest

In uptight leagues its B.B.  




 didnt watch what I did. 




 Game gets better everyday. 




 Someone needs some fresh Gerber and diaper change. 




 But I show a post grab cap in the very video you are commenting on.  And wit ha HBL body check you can guarantee a kill almost shot. 


































 Works wll with teams relying on there Artemes to chesee them a win, or making Odin AOE comp, and you pop ulti. 

I often traded the Aura to allies chest for a Frozen mallet since they expect me to follow them, when they should follow the baby wrecking ball, which allowed me to slaughter the enemy.    









 Tim Tebow of gaming? 

Gimme a break, nice win though. 
























 There are actually servers in the US and Europe and you get matches on both of them, you have no choice or preference atm, as they dont wanna split up the queue right now. 









 Cool, I will posistion safer, with a mage that has 2x better ratios, better kits.  Sorry I think up the builds you eventually copy. 




 Ohh, you mean the attack buffed Arachne who ults me into a tri-stack, doesnt kill me, instead getting dominated and having nothing buta 60+ second timeer to show for it?

And and a void stone / Breast plate of valor / Mystical Mark arnt tanky, right?


So like a tank , I didnt die, and I had tank items.  Try again, mmkay 





























 Some runes will benefit specific builds and roles sometimes more then the Orb/crest.   Orbs/crest buff 3 stats for more over net stat gain, while runes buff 2 in general while adding an effect that is situational to a class/role. 









 i be on that zombie coke all day son. Lets make this shit happen! 




 Yea, the new wards are crucial, that Artemis was a terror, and the jump wegot because of wards was a when I knew we had it locked. I start with wards on any hero that has sustain, or can secure green easily. 


































 [HBL4LYFE](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uodD30r_z1w list=PL03E410B7F2C4BF1F feature=plpp_play_all) 




 banned for life, not only my smite account, but my Tribes account with 100$ spent on it 500 hours played and everything unlocked.  No warnings no review.  

I was accused of intentional feeding, and they banned solely on volume of reports, not merit. 




 How about the fact that these limits apply to things like chance of a rare material on salvages, punishing those of us who may save up a bunch of stuff to salvage at once. I learned my lesson when i saved 20 Yellows over maybe a 5 day period, I used a Mythic kit and got 13 ectos from 1-6 with only 1 have no ectos,  0 ectos 7-20 




 there is only one way.

The cow launcher.  Place your 50s bets and get ready! 
























