 I was expecting a bag of roasted chile to bring some fragrance on the plane.  I am disappointed in my hopes.   




 Hell yeah!  What kind of parties have a smoker as a prize?  I mean, that's pretty awesome. 




 I'm trained as well.  I've never been taught that in any of the fine dining or scholastic settings I've been in.


It's not about getting burnt.  It's about spilling a pudding that is not completely set.  Or dropping the dish.  I personally would fire someone who did that after being asked not to.  Simply because I sell all of mine and only make 8 a day.  Or in the shop that did 300 covers nightly, I would make 20 and sell every one.  If I dropped one, I would have been in a world of shit.  It will get 86'd every night, but not by an employee's fuck up.


I know why someone would say to pick up and roll the dish.  It moves the sugar.  However, if you use the proper technique in dusting, you will never have to move the sugar yourself after you sprinkle it.  It it needs to be moved, you use the forced air of your torch.


Part of what defines a creme brulee is "burnt."  Nothing wrong with a little black.  Those are words that have been spoken by people who are much better cooks than me.  I'll stick to my roots.  There is a fine line when it comes to excellent and ruined.  Don't be afraid that what you think is good isn't up to others standards.  Others standards are just theirs.  If you are making it for yourself, make it how you like it.  That is the beauty of food - you can control it completely if you do it yourself.


As far as getting the sugar right, there is no other way of doing it rather than practice.  However, doing the whole process is a pain in the ass and not cost effective.  So do it over gelatin water.  Bloom gelatin and let it set up in your ramekins.  It will take 5 minutes of inactive prep and cost a few pennies per dish.


Now your torch.  You need to know your torch.  The reason people get burnt sugar compared to caramelized is because they use too much sugar and they try to melt it to quickly by placing the flame to close to it and burn the top layer.  To get around that, place your ramekin on the table.  With a 3 finger pinch, lightly sprinkle sugar over the top in a fine, 1 or 2 grain layer.  Shake the dish a little to move the excess around which isn't stuck to the surface, then tip on its side to tap off all the excess sugar.  Removing the excess is the most important part.  Note that your layer of sugar will not be 100% at this point.


Now lightly melt the sugar with your torch.  While the sugar is still hot, repeat the dusting process again and let sit one minute until cool.  Lightly melt again and repeat dusting.  This third and final dusting is where you're going to want to get the caramel.  Now this is where the practice of the torch comes in handy.  And I can't tell you how to do it without actually using your torch.  You just have to play with it.  But it's really fucking simple.  And even easier to fuck up.  Done right though, it's magic.


Alright.  Now it's time to make a Cubano.  Also.  I didn't ask, someone else did ;) 




 Hold up here.  Never hold it in your hand. I'll BRB, but while what the posted above said will work, you run risk. 




 A smoker to subscribe to?  Or a sub?   If you mean sub, i'd say r/BBQ and R/smoking. 




 Well.  Don't be a dick.  If you don't act like a dick and say dick things, you won't get treated like a dick.  Nor will you get told to go fuck yourself.  I tried investing in a slicer by offering you to purchase one for me.  And then you insult me.  You sir, are a dick and can go fuck yourself if that is how you are going to behave 




 You know, considering that I care fuck all about plating, I'm almost concerned with it.  And considering that you can not either create or contribute content, only critique it, I almost care what your input is.  

But here is what it comes down to.  I make better product than you can probably afford to purchase.  So why don't you either A) go fuck yourself or B) go fuck yourself.  I suggest you take option number two. 




 My good knives were at the shop and the little home slicer I own is BS.  How about you invest in me and ship me a 12" deli slicer? 




 Yeah, that's what I was just reading on Wiki.  Staple Toronto sandwich eh?  I might just have to fly out there and have one! 




 OH!  What is this peameal bacon you speak of?  That is a new term to me, so now I'm going to have to learn how to properly make it.  May the gods continue to bless the internets so that we learn of new forms of bacon daily. 




 If you want them to succeed, you will have to help them if this is their game plan.  And more than likely, they will need a lot more help from the community than that if it is going to succeed.  Like a landlord that is willing to front up space for 6 months to get ducks in a row.

But in all honesty, good luck.  This is a recipe for failure and would probably ruin their marriage if this is a plan to stick with.  If this is really last ditch, I would suggest they need to dig a different hole to get out of.  Sorry.  But by the sounds of it, this plan will do more harm than good. 




 From what I have been told, that would be back bacon. 




 Ya know, I don't know the history of the different cuts so much, outside of Italian.  Now I'm intrigued.  I've read a lot and have a decent library, but I guess I need to hit the books just as much as I hit the salt.

To me, while I know that pancetta is technically an older style of bacon than American, I still wouldn't call it bacon.  It's pancetta for fucks sake, not bacon.  It's all in the nuances of language.  That is why when people ask me stuff is anymore I just tell them to shut up and shove it in their mouth :) 




 And all my friends keep asking me why I don't start a catering company... 




 Pineapple slaw.  I think this might be the winner idea out of all.  How did you make yours?  

It needs to be charred, no question about that IMO.  Cabbage doesn't seem right.  Mangos or apples would make it to fruity.  Cilantro and pea shoots?  Hrm...  I live in the desert and don't work with pineapple much.  I love it, but it's usually a second thought and in this instance, it would be awesome to have it as a primary ingredient.   




 They love me in there.  However, I have been asked to not post ingredient questions, only full on sandwiches.  Here is a gallery of snacks if you'd like to make yourself hungry...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in the brine, 6 hours in cold smoke, 3 hours roasted at 200.  I need to make some pizza dough. 









 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in brine, 6 hour cold smoke, and roasted at 200 for three hours. 




 Monday nights at Big Adventure Comics is "The Game Thing."  On open to the community board gaming night.  There are hundereds of games in the collection and dozens of people show up every week.  I think biggest turn out has been around 50 people!  There are people that show up who play chess.

Also.  Talk to folks at Stagg Tobacconist.  They are in the moving process to their new location on Cerrillos, but they are the only place I know of in the area that sells Chess clocks and high end boards.  They would probably know of others in the area too. 




 I do love to share with my neighbors.  In fact, the only reason I cook is to feed other folks.  If you're ever in NM or planning a trip out here, hit me up.  I'll gladly make you a sandwich.   




 Am planning on it and will do.  This chunk of bacon is week 7 of my "make a different kind of bacon every week for a year" challenge.  So you can expect to see many more pics of tasty from me.   




 Horseradish.  I've been thinking wasabi or some such nonsense, but I know where I can get farm fresh horseradish right now.  Good call.  And the red onion would pair nice with a lime dressing and pickled ginger.  Yeah...  I can see something delicious coming together... 




 Good point.  




 I'm thinking either a lemongrass or sesame slaw of sorts.  Maybe some charred bok choy?  A straight up Bhan Mi would be good, but I make those already.  Anyone have any suggestions? 









 http://i.imgur.com/ANsz2tQ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg

Salt, garlic, black pepper, Hatch Green Chile, pink salt.  48 hours in the cure and into the smoker it goes... 


































































































































































































 cheers! 














 Title says it all.  I'm an accomplished cook and yet for the life of me I can't come up with a good bean patty burger recipe.  Or find one online.  The only stuff I can find that turns out the way that we like is a falafel type pattie.  Not that that is bad, but I want something to grill that won't fall apart and not be falafel.  Any help would be greatly appreciated! 

































































































































































































































































































 Wait a minute.  You didn't just quit on the spot after being told that? 




 I think some of the "chefs" in my town just grabbed their notebook... 




 Really?  Does that upset you?  I don't understand how it could, cause it seems that you sound like a cunt all the time.  Are you afraid of people stealing your shtick?  Do you have a patent on "sounding like a cunt?"  Do I owe you money for infringing on your specialty? 




 Does  this surprise you?  The old SF sheriff was caught selling stolen police goods and the current(?) sheriff of Rio Arriba is in a world of shit too.  Almost everything around here is corrupt and/or abused and it is a simple understanding that Manual Juan's nephew gets to walk and Uncle Bob's wife gets the contract.  Or if you're friends with the ABQ PD, you get to walk away from a DWI.

The Native New Mexicans around here need to pull their heads out of their asses.  They keep bitching about not progressing fast enough, yet they continue to operate in fashions that drive them back.  I really wish the people here would wake the fuck up. 




 A quiet atmosphere was mentioned, which is why I didn't say the frontier... 




 A quiet atmosphere?  Look around the campus area would be my suggestion.   But I got nothing off top of my head.  Sorry.  I could tell you a couple of bars that would fit you just fine probably, but being under age, that's a no go :( 




 If you say no bars, you are asking for a lot in this area.  Maybe check out flying star?  They stay open lateish.  11pm?  Blackbird is somewhat of a coffee shop that has beer and wine.  But it is a bar style atmosphere... 




 pork.  the other white meat. 




 I was there before she got nominated for Beard and left around that time too.  I don't necessarily miss her or her menu, but the room was nice and the neighborhood is awesome.  I'd forgotten about that woman until seeing this post.  One would assume that she has several shops in the Greater Pugetopolis area now? 




 I miss working at Tilth... 




 That is a lot of work and a waste of oil when you can get the same results with a steel scrubber and water. 




 Hatch Green Chile smoked bacon

Arugula and parm tossed with bacon drippings

Fried Green Tomato

Stone Ground

Garlic Butter pressed focaccia

Shishito peppers in brown butter 









 Hatch Green Chile smoked bacon

Arugula and parm tossed with bacon drippings

Fried Green Tomato

Stone Ground 

Garlic Butter pressed focaccia

Shishito peppers in brown butter  














 Relationships have been lost over less.  I don't care if you ate all the bacon.  Just don't lie about it. 




 Fire 'em all.  Or maybe get some training yourself to deal with such things.  Not to be snarky, but conflict resolution training is something that should be mandatory for all management personal in every business.

In all reality, if you can't trust them to clean and prep, how do you trust them with "your" customers? 




 You'd love my GF vegan sweet potato gnocc... 




 Move to ABQ.   




 Sure, you can ask for support.  But without detailing what kind of support wanted or needed, many won't be able to... 




 What restaurants should I be eating at?  I'm a food guy (many mistake me for some kind of high end fancy chef with the food I make), have been inside 90% of the kitchens in the area, and laughed my way out the back door of most of them due to shitty food.  I've also been asked multiple times to help run some of the BS "fancy" places in town and will continue to tell people no to such things.

So maybe i'm missing something.  Maybe some joint opened up since I've moved here that I've not eaten at.  But I doubt it.  Because i've (seriously) eaten at 99% of all the food serving places in SF.  And because of it, I make such statements as NM foodnis bland and boring.  Which was pointed out that I should refrase that to be "the NM food you can buy and have served to you is usually a waste of money since it is uninspired, unseasoned, and basically terrible." 




 And if you want and are in US, I'd be happy to take a call with you.  What is your location and menu? 




 Man, if you can get a % of profits, go for that.  What you're asking isn't unreasonable. 

Do you have any numbers to back up the pay you're asking?  Do you know how to cut food cost by at least 5%?  




 Superglue is nice, but it doesn't kill the throbbing.  Get a jar of liquid bandage and stash it at work.  $5 investment that seals cuts and is a topical pain killer as well... 




 Fair. 




 Go if you like.  You will be disappointed.  From the service to the room to food, it's lacking.  They are trying to hard in there and it shows.  I give Ziggy props for keep making a go of it, but he should seriously stop.  Or give up the reigns to someone who can at least make good food. 




 Crowded.  No garnish.  Your ratios are wrong - bread/crackers, cheese, meat.  You need sweet and acid to balance the salt and cream.  Where is the beverage? 

I'm not going to burn you on not making components.  However, the next plate that you post a picture of should be comprised of nothing but home made goods.  Aside from hard cheeses and long term cured meats.  Seriously.  There are tools and resources around to do it all, you just have to buy ingredients.  Many of which you might have on hand if you cook at all.

Examples of what you can make with little effort.

Pickles - (green beans, cukes, onions, radish, etc)

House oil cured olives.

Duck proscuitto

Raw cooked stuffed mushroom caps.

Pancetta

Cece or tapenade type spreads.  

Confit tomato.

Candied nuts.

Guanciale

Dates/figs stuff with cheese

Many, many more... 




 The Coyote in it's heyday was 20 + years ago.  And you just stated a great example in the argument of why Santa Fe is a joke when it comes to food.  There are several prime shops here and another dozen good ones.  But for the most part, the food here is terrible and has been that way since Miller sold the Coyote.  That sale was the end of an era that people here continue to fantasize about and jerk off to.

NM food isn't bland and boring when I make it either, because I know how to season and understand method.  It's not complicated.  Yet many here don't get it and sadly they decide to open restaurants. 




 Everything you can.  You've started with a basic (stock) now move onto pasta, tortillas, and soft cheese.  Once you've got those down, move into doing bacon and other short term cured meats.  After you do that, you'll develop technique and pallete to do things like kim chi and saurkraut.   




 Call the companies.  Also, talk to your local liquour distro, they might have a lead or two as they usually deal with random specialty things.   




 Just charge them a flat rate per meal. 




 One of these days (I'm going to cut you into little pieces) by Pink Floyd.  Just don't blow your phones on the floor tom pounding... 




 Your lack of sandwich is disturbing, please let me change that for you. 




 I double the most expensive food item on their menu and charge that per hour.  Then work appropriately to the hourly wage.  I also won't work on a menu for someone else for less than 1k.  If the owner is to cheap to pay for real advice, they can figure it out themselves.

Also.  You can approach it from a % aspect too.  If you can do all the numbers yourself and they are willing to play ball.  If they are wanting/needing a menu flip that will increase their profits by say 15 or 25%, I would ask for a base flat fee plus x% of increased profits for Y amount of time.  But to do that, you have to work with some across the board.

Ultimalty, I say that if your giving people advice on how you would do it and you have eventual plans to open your own shop, make sure you get paid what you want.  Not what they want to pay... 




 8/9 a minute sure.  And it actually was in an hour and a half.  I forgot the happy hour had started at 5:30 when the bar opened, not when the restaurant opened at 6.  But it was all plated too ;)

That place was nuts.  $3 for a dozen raw oysters on the half with sauce.  From 5:30-7pm in the bar, monday through friday.  Something like 17 seats and no standing customers.  But we would blow through 45-60 dozen no problem on a busy day.  That was some serious shit.  I watched two people get sent to the hospital working that station.

One of the sickest things I'd ever witnessed happened at that bar.  12 dozen oysters sucked down by one fat man and two dirty martinis.  And of course the fucker tipped our bartender like $3.  I about wanted to puke all the way around. 




 It depends on what I feel like.  This chunk was a dry cure I believe. 




 So do I and because of it, the labor is negligible in my book.  You're flipping the meat, which is the labor killer is sounds like.  You said no cryovac, how are you storing it?  Is it in tubs or bags or what? 




 It sounds like who ever made the decision was over reaching.  I understand the want to do it all in house, but you have to have the foot print to do it.  And in all honesty, if you're making all your bread, you can buy damn good bacon for a decent price. 




 How long does it take you to salt meat and throw it on the shelf?  Or to transfer it to one place to the other?  30# batches should be around 4 bellies, maybe 5 if they are small.  If it takes a half hour to either salt that or toss it around in the smoker, I would question the footsteps involved. 




 Ok.  Fix your smoker and do it on the cheap.  Buy on old bakery proofer speed rack.  Now you have an enclosed box with rails for pans.  Now just work in a hot plate at the bottom of the box.  Granted, this will be a cold smoker, but wouldn't you rather shove 6 bellies in the oven over night or first thing in the morning, compared to doing 1/2 of one on your current rig?

How do you currently smoke your pastrami?  On the same rig? 




 Man, then you are making your bacon wrong.  The only real cost in labor should be in the slicing.  I put down 100# of bacon in about 1/2 hour if my mise is set right. 




 Please don't call me chef, for I am not one.   




 They are pretty much gone now.  They start mid to late july and run through right about now.  We got a good rain yesterday, so there might be a few more cropping up, but probably few and far between.  Probably some still out in the San Juans or in the Jemez, but not so much in Santa Fe.  Or so it felt last time I was hiking around. 




 Jesus fucking christ internet police.  Sorry.  I should have said that "any place that will hire you where everyone is calling each other chef isn't a place you want to work."  Is that better?  I mean, it just makes me sound like even more of a dick.  Is that what you would like?

Here is the thing.  90% of the people that refer to themselves as a chef are a fucking joke. 




 If you're working for either of those guys, you've already earned the right to the title.  I'm talking about the shitty food tatted up McApple Garden tocque wearing douchebag hipster bitches who think they are a chef for making a grilled cheese sandwich.  That is where the word gets thrown around the most.  You're a chef if you flip pancakes at IHOP.  Whatever. 




 Chimayo Red Chile crusted and brined pork cutlet

Tomato, lardon, and spinach salad

Green Chile Pancetta zabaglione

Sweet onion jam

Browned pita in garlic butter 




 You are correct.  Porcini is a mushroom.  I do not understand your objection? 




 No panini press involved, so I can't call it that.  I wish I did have a panini press though. 




 a #10 tin can with rocks for a base and to lodge the chip can into place and not burn the box.  The chip can is simply a soup can with holes punched in it and a soldering iron dropped in the middle of the chips.  Worked like a charm.   




 High Aspen Growth, Santa Fe National Forest.  

I don't have a pic of this batch.  But here are a couple of what I find in the area.  

http://i.imgur.com/jOhKnHg.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/DHWld3a.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/kKGJP16.jpg
 




 Well there is that part of it too.  But, do you not eat your edibles? 









 Garlic and Thyme butter basted porcini

Garden Fresh Caprese with house mozz

Wild Rocket

Soft french loaf 









 Butter basted porcini, garden fresh caprese with home made mozz, wild arugula, and pressed soft french.

What do you do with your mushrooms? 














 Not of the cheese was pre shredded! 




 As soon as you learn how to set the standards and not follow them, that is when you will start feeling good about your abilities as a cook.  




 Any place where everyone is calling each other chef isn't a place you want to work at if you actually ever want to earn that title.   




 I'm ashamed for you living in that state too. 




 Depends.  Down in ABQ not so much.  Up here in SF, we can get 6" over night and it's gone by noon.  It can also linger for weeks at a time.  However, it is nuts fucking cold a lot.  But typically freezing at night up here.  It's usually 40/50's during the day in ABQ and cold cold at night.

Canyon road isn't dog friendly FYI.  Not much in the area are here is for the most part.  Being here in the winter isn't the time to be hiking and camping, unless you want to head out on snow shoes. 




 100# of yukons cleaned and chopped to boil for mashers.  Or 45 dozen oyster, shucked.   




 Dude.  You don't do that.  You will be sad.  6-8 hours at 135 in the dehydrator, depending on the thickness.  Or, as another said, toss a pan in the oven overnight with the oven on warm and the door cracked. 




 I don't have a hot smoker. 




 Very very true, and I've been looking for better bread.  It works, but it is not the same.  I just have to deal with what I can find, since I'm pretty much over the baking of bread :(

The panaderia's near me are strictly Mexican and they only make crusty, crunchy bread.  It's good, but not for this purpose.  I've not thought to talk to the Rican's I know, they are an hour south.  But they might have a spot to check out.  The hard part is that I believe I've been all of the gringo friendly places I know of and a lot of the Latin shops in an hours drive from my house.  

I should stop by the pupuseria.  They might have a lead.   




 Well every thursday is boys night - dinner and a game.  That is where this plate of sandwiches was eaten.  Also, most of the post history I have has been eaten by that crew.  So if you want to be my friend, show up, play a game, and eat a sandwich! 




 Soft French style.   




 Get pissed! 




 Do you play games that involve polyhedrons?   




 Oh man, for which part?  I don't keep recipes, but can tell you method! 




 You are allowed to have an opinion.  I would be sad if you didn't have one.  I can take constructive criticism.  However, the people I choose to take it from are those who are educated in the topics they are speaking of.  You do not seem to have anything to base your opinions on, other than your personal preferences.

Oh.  And my stance on proportions comes from those who are much more educated than me.   




 and another random one that was made this evening...

http://i.imgur.com/ImCa3eG.jpg 




 I made these and a couple of the others tonight for our weekly boys night.  My friends eat well.

http://i.imgur.com/ImCa3eG.jpg 









 Make one yourself, it's not hard.  And it's that much easier if you bought most of the ingredients.  Honestly, all you'd really need to make is the pulled pork. 




 Right proportions of flavor?  How much of "absolutely fucking awesome" do you want or need in your mouth at a time?  Man, stop looking at your food and debating about it so much and start eating it!

Here's the deal about proportions.  Each ingredient needs to be able to stand on its on or in any combination with other ingredients in the dish.  When you have achieved that, you achieve harmony on the plate. 




 the bacon in question...

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg 









 and the bacon that made it...

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg 




 I can't eat beets.  They make me throw up.  The only food I've come across that makes me feel ill and I've eaten some (IMO) nasty shit over the years.  So I won't taste them.  However, any and every time they are prepped, the question of "Do these beets need more salt?" is always asked to everyone within earshot.  No ifs, ands, or buts about it.

Some people can get away with not tasting the food that they are sending out - the owners.  Other than that, refusing to taste one or two things is acceptable in my book if there is a good reason behind it.  But if you simply don't like something so therefore you won't taste it, I believe the term "get the fuck out" applies to you. 




 Just because you can turn bacon into something, it doesn't mean you should.  I've never heard of it and I'm bacon/meat obsessed.  That sounds nasty. 




 All home made aside from the swiss.  French sourdough, red chile pulled pork, green chile pea-bacon, stone ground, sweet hot pickle.   




 Thanks!  It was delicious.  But I seriously fucked up in making it.  You see, I only made one.  And that's a problem.  One sandwich is never enough.  I don't even think I want to eat anymore right now.  But here in an hour, I'm going to be cursing the sandwich and shaking my fist, since I will have no sandwich.  And I will be sad :( 














 Christopher Lloyd?  Is that you? 




 I've been doing the whirled egg thing for almost two years now since I first saw it.  Do it.  You'll love it. 




 Every time I make pastrami.  But other than that, not so much. 









 Tickets at this point will run you $100+ if you can find them. 




 Great show, good inspiration, and a wonderful reminder that all of that amazing food is usually just a trick away or something you could do too.  After all, just remember, at the end of the day it's just food... 




 Just make one.  They are not that hard.  It's just a sandwich, man. 




 This pretty much sums in up. 




 Nothing here in New Mexico aside from clear skies and Green Chile... 




 Examples that are produced without a smoker and can be done in your space are below.  They can be made for $5/lb or under.  IF you know how to source things.  Simple and a line monkey can do it if shown how.  It's also cheap as fuck.

If you would like to learn how to make bacon, there are people willing to help.  Such as myself.  But you got to drop the "I'm making something similiar type product" bullshit.  You either make bacon or you don't.  I mean, you can.  But if you're not going to, I'm not going to walk you through it.  In fact, I'd  be like the other poster and ask what the name of your shop is so I can avoid it at all costs.  Follow?

http://i.imgur.com/Cm1CTHF.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Y8nstSy.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/UDml67m.jpg 




 You are correct. 




 Winter brined pork Milianise cutlet.  It's light, you use complimentary spice as the pumpkin, the crust gives texture and something to mop up the sauce.  Delicious.  If you really need a veg, keep it simple like arugula tossed in with the sauce after it is finished right before plating.  Or over a bed of citrus   garlic braised greens.  But no kale.  Fuck kale.  

 




 is there anything house made in the picture? 




 The sandwich pre press and an ingredient list.

http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5ply/ready_to_press_a_new_mexican_cubano/

 




 Breads a little darker than I like and in the pic it does look burnt.  And as many a greater cook than myself would say, there is nothing wrong with a little char.  There is a fine line between inedible and delicious.  

It's also a little hard to control the heat of the cast iron skillet I used as the top weight.  In the very first post I acknowledged that I needed a panini press.  If you would be so kind to be the first to donate into that fund, such an act would kick ass! 




 I would make yellow mustard, because that is what I come to understand as traditional.  I don't get it.  But since I can't get straight American yellow mustard to taste good, I stick with what I know. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5t70/the_sandwich_in_question_and_i_wish_you_could/ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5t70/the_sandwich_in_question_and_i_wish_you_could/ 




 That's next!  But in addition to the ham and cheese, it's getting grilled pineapple and maduros too.   




 Yeah yeah, I know that joint quite well.  Decent folks, better bread, and nice burritos to walk out the door with.

I'm not in ABQ, but it is a SMALL town. 




 I don't know which was better.  I sliced off a chunk of the sandwich cold and it was awesome.  The pressed hot was awesome.  God damn I need to make another sandwich.  

Here it is cold from the other post...

http://i.imgur.com/BGVhZoP.jpg 









 I really need to invest in a panini press.  And a pic before it hit the pan.

http://i.imgur.com/BGVhZoP.jpg 









 Hatch Green Chile brine canadian "bacon"

Chimayo Red Chile pulled pork

Taos Sweet Chile garlic pickles 

House stone ground

Swiss

French loaf 









 Good for you.  It's easy, cheap, and lots of different ways to do it.  But remember, just because you can add bacon, it doesn't mean you should. 




 Dumbass had previously dropped the Robocoup and broke it to a certain extent.  Or I should say, broke 2 of the 3 safety mech's that prevent the operation of the engine.  One of which was the lock on the lid and the other being the pin that actually gets depressed in the final step of turning the motor on.

Douchebag owner in question is to fucking cheap to replace the robo.  Tells moron retard who broke it to use a bamboo skewer to depress the pin and to put a towel over the lid and hold it on.  Holy fucking hell.  There were probably 5 people in a 15'x15' equipment packed kitchen.  How nobody was sent to the hospital is beyond me.

Better question is how the douchebag owner still in business.  This stupid cocksucker was buying ice from the gas station down the street in the middle of summer (sending a dishwasher to get it in a shopping cart) instead of buying a new ice machine.  The people in this world are usually retarded.  How is it that the cream of the crop always manage to make it into our business? 




 How much product and time lost?  That sucks by the way.  Is the asshole in question known?

I worked ever so briefly for a moron who refused to fire the guy who kept killing the power to the refers.  Then one day he fucked up (I don't know how) using the Robocoup, blew the lid off, and the blade went flying out and hit one of the fire suppression batons.  Setting the ansel system off.  Good times, good times!  I rolled up my knives and walked the fuck out.

Screw up once, all good if you learn from it.  But if you knowingly unplug the refer for a microwave, especially if it's on the line, fuck you get out.   




 Um... Amazon? 




 Pork belly. Learn yourself how to make some bacon.  If you need help, there are plenty (myself included) on this site who will help you.  It will be the best thing in the world you've done for yourself. 




 Well fuck me silly.  I never would have thought about it that way.  Here in the states, it is expected that bride/groom/family pay for everything other than transportation and hotel for people to come to the party.  Food, drink, entertainment, gift bags, etc.  This sounds like something that should be instituted everywhere.  It sounds like everyone makes out a winner.   




 If you're still up, I know one of the better spots in the area to film from for sunrise.  But it's a drive.  It over looks the pecos valley and the galisteo basin.  Takes about 45min to an hour to get there going north.  Not many people know about this spot.

I'm in SF proper BTW and could be convinced to maybe make a drive... 




 Damn, that's a good idea.  Everybody just buys raffle tickets and people donate stuff?  To what, defray the cost of the wedding?  Or to pay for a trip?  Couples choice to pad their bank? 




 Not really.  For which part?  The cheese is a basic ratio by the rennet.  I didn't make the pasta.  

The sauce is a basic puttanesca sauce as far as I know.  I just grab and throw what is in the fridge/cupboard into the pot if it works together.  The red sauce base is always a changing event based upon what is on hand as well.  I cook by the dump and pour method and really should write more things down. 
























 I honestly don't really like the pancakes.  The GF will support that statement.  I only make them for her.  I prefer waffles or french toast if I am going to have some kind of hot bready griddle treat... 




 Yes yes.  I forgot last night...

Pork was rubbed and cold smoked for 6 hours before roasting for 10 hours at 225.  Rub consisted of an approx ratio of chile powder, garlic, black pepper, brown sugar, salt, oregano, and cumin.  Ratio was about 6:1:1:2:2:.5:.5

Canadian (pea meal) bacon was brined with a green chile/juniper brine and smoked over pinon.

And the rest of it...  Oh man...  I know I made it... 




 Santa Fe, my house. 




 I have not clue what that is, but I'll check the link.  Thanks! 




 Here's a whole gallery to drool over.  I'm in a serious mode looking for start up.  So if you feel like telling anyone to check it out, they can at least find me on Reddit ;)

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 I'm about to head out to the airport, I'll write a couple of things about it when I get back... 




 If you have $125K to front up and want to make a deal, there is a location in my town that is turn key available.  I just don't have the funds.  That's a serious offer. If someone ever takes me up on the investment opportunity, they'd be quite happy with their return. 









 Notice the beautiful home made Canadian (pea meal) bacon behind the sandwich... 














 There is more to it than just that... 




 Yes.  To season the skillet, when it is clean, throw it in the oven at 350 for 1/2 hour or so.  Pull it out, rub it down with oil and toss it back in oven for a bit.  The oil should set in 15 min or so. 









 Pretty much.  Hence why the album was crap. 




 Go back to washing dishes for a few years. 




 off set serrated? 




 Thanks.  That has been the point of all my sandwich makings for a while now.  I've been assembling a menu of easily executed and simply awesome snacks.  I've been ready to open a shop for a while, I just need to get the backing to do it... 




 If it wasn't already either cluttered or dirty.  Beside the fact that a cutting board doesn't give a pretty picture ;) 




 You better watch it.  You fuck with Paul, next thing you know Justin is going to be busting down your door.  I gar-own-t. 




 Yeah...  I wish I could just bust it down.  I don't use recipes any more and just go by feel and method.  I really should write more stuff down...

The pork was brined in green chile, garlic, and juniper solution.  It was then pounded thin, seasoned, and breaded.  It was then seared in brown butter.

The bacon was a green chile dry rub, then smoked over green chile husk and pinon.

The aioli was made with 1 egg, 1 T of 5% acidic liquid, 1 T mustard, salt, 1 quart of roasted garlic olive oil, and 1/2 C fine minced green chile.  This was made in a food processor.  

Bread is a standard french loaf.  It was griddled and pressed.
 




 Good good!  Hopefully you tell people your source and you turn them on.  The GC is one of the better things to happen to food in general.  Not being from NM, I never thought I'd say it.  But I'm a convert through and through. 




 Ya know, it's been years and I've forgotten most of it.  And even though I still keep an entire catalog of Floyd stuff (something like 165 shows, dozens of boots, etc) that I don't listen to anymore, out of all the random things I should have in there is that album.  I just didn't even think about keeping it and can't even bother to pirate a copy... 




 Something like that has already been done.  It's called "The Other Side of Pink: A tribute to Pink Floyd."

Mind you, I say something like it.  It has tracks by the likes of Alien Sex Fiend, Sky Cries Mary, Pressurehead, Electric Hellfire Club, etc.

The whole of it, for the most part, was total crap. 




 Well maybe if were all lucky, I'll get a shop opened up one of these days and you can eat such delicious things. 




 Yes. 




 Hatch Brined Pork Cutlet
Rocket, tomato, Hatch Cured lardon, and roasted Hatch salad with fresh Hatch aioli
Fingerlings tossed with smoked Hatch salt 



















 You are correct.  That is *a* definition of a lardon.  




 It's also the name of a knife cut. 




 I like it.  I also like my double burner sized lodge cast iron double sided grill/griddle pan to make pizza on as well.  Now I should look up structural integrity and heat retention between the two different metals... 




 I said don't before and I didn't explain myself, as I don't feel the need to so much anymore.  I'm trying to be more of a positive person.  But fuck this town.  I mean seriously.

So here is a good reason for you to not move here.  Mel Brooks' Blazing Saddles is playing at the Lensic (restored vaudville/stage/movie theater) this month.  Awesome, right!  I mean, that is one of the greatest comedy movies ever made.  Mel Brooks is amazing.  More people need to see that film.  However, tickets are $50.  WTF Santa Fe? 




 I'm jealous of the tacos that scrap would make... 




 Hatch Green Chile cured and smoked.  It went on a pizza.   









 I just threw in a while loin of pea meal bacon, half a belly of regular bacon, 2 dozen chicken legs, and a small picnic.  I wish I could say something like the neighbors are hungry, but all of this is for me :) 




 don't.   




 I wish I knew enough to contribute to something like that :( 




 Well alright then, I stand corrected a little.  I honestly don't know anything about the place other than all the media. 




 Given the cost, exclusivity, and product I say yes.   




 Yep.  Which is why I say places like that are not for me... 




 Don't know what it would be like to work at that level or caliber or if I'd want to.  I also don't know if it's common to find a job posted in one of those shops.  But I know a lot of you shoot for this kind of shit.  Fine dining is over rated in my book, but if you're going to do it, do it right... 




 I'm not in NYC, but browsing online and curious, I noticed a couple of line and a Sous position on the momofuku website.  Thought a couple of you might be interested in knowing that.

http://momofuku.com/careers/ 









 Thanks.  Now I know someone else to stay away from... 




 Very nice!  I'm intrigued.  From scratch? 




 No shit.  I mean, I was gunna say at least Douchey McDoucheington doesn't have a hipster neck tattoo.  And then I looked at the pic and sure enough, on the back of the neck.  My god OP, WHO IN THE FUCK IS THAT. 




 Rellena or arancini anything.  Empanadas.  Buy a case of puff pastry and have someone bust out a shit ton and freeze the leftovers.  I love em simply for that.  Bitchy low blood sugar line cook needs 4 fingers across the face?  Toss an empanada in the fryer! 




 Does the individual in the middle know what they look like? 




 adverb that participle! 




 And I've made many more like it.  This was the bacon in question.  

http://i.imgur.com/qsKVsKZ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg 




 Bread is simply a quick rise round loaf, proofed in a dehydrator. 




 poorly. 




 Well, I make all of my stuff from scratch.  So which part?  The chile itself you can pick up anywhere in NM.  Since the season just got over up here, I'm almost back to using frozen and canned :( 
























 I am just that awesome of a sandwich maker.  The link below is my 99% from scratch work.  I should be running my own shop.  I'm actively looking for someone to front me the money if you know anyone.  Straight up legit and can put everything needed to back up an investment in front of me.  I could make someone a fortune up here in Santa Fe.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Yeah, I'm thinking in need another one of those as well.  But I'm lazy :( 




 Hatch Cured and Smoked Bacon

Roasted Hatch, tomato, parm, and rocket salad

Triple cooked chips with Smoked Hatch Salt and fresh Hatch aioli
 









 Cast iron grill pan and oil brushed bread. 




 Ya know, it's the stuff that 95% of all the restaurants in NM use anymore.  It's the standard.  And keep that tip to yourself, we don't want a run on the chile!  Or if it is leaving the state, we want to charge the premium for it :)

Seriously though.  I've been turning people all over the country to it as it is CHEAP.  The thing that cracks me up is that on the grocery shelf here in NM, chopped chile is $3/lb minimum.  Out of state it is $5/lb and up.  If you go to the restaurant supply and buy a 5# frozen of hot Hatch, it is $6.50.  I love it. 




 Something to keep in mind...  If you know anyone who gets Sysco/Shamrock/FSA or any other national chain delivery service (restaurants, bars, etc) and can get them to pull a favor for you, ask them to order a case of Bueno Mild Frozen Chopped Green Chile.  Should be a 20# frozen case and run about $30.  Just fyi ;) 




 I used powdered green chile in the salt cure.  It was also smoked using the dried trimmings and husks. 









 Not in the ABQ, but if you're ever interested in coming up to Santa Fe on a monday evening, come to The Game Thing at the comic shop in town.  There is a lot of magic that gets played then.  Plus a whole catalog of board games to choose from... 




 Yes yes, I'm in Santa Fe.  I'm not originally from here and didn't get the whole chile thing when I moved here.  Thankfully, I'm a convert.  But fuck that red chile noise, that shit is weak yo!

Edit to add...  I'm happy to ship jars or seeds.  Just ask ;) 




 Not British, my family is from the Isles though.  And the best "fries" in the world are British chips! 




 Triple cooked chips, basic russets.  Nothing special in my book, just run of the mill chips to me... 




 You can kick it in Tiny's probably.  Try Del Charo.  Your friend can always get a drink in one of the hotel lounges and walk it out into the lobby as well.  Just gotta check if it's cool.  Usually is.  Loretto and St Francis are two I know of. 









 Smoked Hatch Green Chile Cured Bacon

Dressed tomato, arugula, and Roasted Hatch Green Chile salad

Parm

Garlic Grilled Sourdough

Smoked Green Chile Salted fries with Fresh Hatch Green Chile aioli.   









 And make a profit?  No.  And break even with product left over, yes. 




 Yes yes!  Sorry.  Will do so shortly... 




 Honestly, I don't really do recipes.  I just dump and pour.  Sorry.  I really should write more down. 




 Formed, but then baked out of the pan.   




 Second the Auto Angel.  Also Lou at Abet Moters off of Silar is legit. 




 Hatch Green Chile meatloaf

Roasted grarlic parm mashers with mushroom gravy

Brown butter peas and carrots

Garlic toast 









 Water.  Yeah yeah, you carry water.  But double what you think you should carry at this altitude.  Seriously.

The thing you should worry about the most hiking in the area (and that is depending on where you go and what time of year) are rattlesnakes.  The cats here are scarce, black bears are wussies, and the elk herds run before you see them.  The scariest critters you can come across in the woods are humans, sadly enough.

The real danger we have here is snapping an ankle.  So many 4' rocks or 10' faces that "are easy enough to get up" and we never think about it because they are so easy to get up.  But the landscape here can be tricky footing...

But if you want to run at night in town (as long as you have a decent enough headlamp as the trial isn't fully lit), you can get a 10 mile loop in easy enough, mainly staying off of the road ways. 




 Grill is seasoned fine.  I don't have a blower in my kitchen, hence the smoke... 




 Margs are delicious, one of my personal favorites.  I actually pull my own mozz as well, but basil is out of season and i won't pay $30/lb for it at the grocery. 




 Fried. 




 Oh I know.  I just got a new pan and was playing with it.  Pan in question is a 2 double burner cast iron griddle/grill combo stove top pan.  Still don't know how to effectively grill meat with it and not smoke my house out.  I don't care, but the GF complains loudly... 




 Yep.  It took me a few tries to get the temp dialed down.  And for the crust to set with a little bit of a crisp, I've had to let them rest on the pan after taking them out of the oven.

I can crack off perfect pie all day long in a 700 degree oven.  Doing this in a home setting is a little bit different... 




 Sadly I have to say yes. 









 Some good, some bad, but all edible! 









 Man, I used to agree.  I live in SF and ate at the old location many times.  And at the new one.  I was there just the other day.  It's not the same.  It's not as good.  It doesn't have the funk or the legend.

I mean, it's a good burger.  Messy, large, expensive.  It is good.  But not the legendary shop it was.  If you've not been to the current location, you should make a trip up this way and check it out.  It is worth it.  But only if you're in the hood. 




 It was a Hatch Green and smoked cheddar roll.  And yes, my work from scratch. 




 I've been playing around with a couple of techniques and recipes, getting something dialed down to make the kind of pie I like. I've simply been working on the tools I have on hand at home and seeing what I can do and easily replicate in other ovens. My goal was yeast risen crust in an hour (Suzi Q homemaker style) and I've got it about down to that.


Right now the method is


mix dough (10 min)

proof it in the dehydrator (30 min)


rest (15 min)

bake at 500 on/in cast iron 12-15 min 




 Since you liked that, here's a couple more for you to wish you had.  I should really open up a jammer joint somewhere...

http://i.imgur.com/k7E9I5j.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/0Hjrk6z.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ZNflyDE.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Nk4tMOv.jpg
 




 something like this?

http://i.imgur.com/zDUqULA.jpg 




 I believe this is the point where the sub is supposed to say "tits or you lie!" 




 I'm just curious about what his ties to SpaceX and Elon Musk are.  This is straight up tinfoil hat stuff here, but what exactly was this guy working on?  I find it highly suspicious that someone tied to that program, who would have direct access to the money behind it, would bother with such a thing.  Just thinking out loud.  This guy could be "guilty" in the eyes of our current judicial system.  I'm not agreeing with those laws/opinions, but just saying.  However, I doubt it is to the degree in which he is being charged. 




 It's almost a deal.  However, if that was to happen, I'd rather just call in an order and have you bring me bread for me to make my own.  Their bread is the reason I head in there, it really is top notch.  Well, and then there is the $5 sandwich... 




 Fried yucca tossed with smoked green chile salt.  Only a third made it onto the plate as they were being eaten out of the bowl... 




 Sure.  But I don't just make sandwiches for strangers.  It's sort of like that whole taking candy from the police rule.  So that will have to be figured out.

In the mean time, I will tell you that you should go acquire a tasty snack from Bhan Mi Coda.  That place is awesome. 




 You are correct.  It was chopped.  After it was pulled.  And technically, pulled pork means that it was cooked long enough for the meat to "pull" away from the bone.  Pulled does not mean hand shredded. 




 I'm in Santa Fe.  Drop a line if you're ever in the area.  If I'm available, I will be happy to make you a snack. 




 My house. 




 It was delicious.   














 Yeah.  I moved down here from the SW WA and NW OR Columbia Basin.  Grew up around/in PDX.  What part of OR are you in?  I only ask simply because out of all the transplants I've met, the cross between NM and the NW is staggering.  All these people down here from Seattle, PDX, Spokane, Bend, etc.  And up there?  Folks from NM and AZ... 




 Oh those guys!  I've met them before, but haven't been to their shop.  Has it been that long?  I guess I don't make it down that way nearly as often as I should :( 




 Are they a new shop?  I'm up in SF, but a fairly active gamer who hasn't heard of them.  Just curious, I thought I knew of most of the shops in the area... 




 Friday Night Magic can be found at Active Imagination.  Also, if you ever want to come up to Santa Fe, every Monday evening (like tonight!)  is an open to the public board game night at our only comic shop in town. 




 with a carbonara style egg binder of course... 














 Smoked red chile pulled pork with green chile and arugula 

cilantro/onion/lime mix

browned cojitia

fresh tortilla

sour cream 









 Roasted Green Chile

Hand pulled mozz

House red sauce

Smoked Green Chile Sourdough  




 I just question if she can actually cook if she was on that show... 




 Appetite for Destruction was 1987.   
























 Note pad.  Write down every step to everything you have to make.  Ingredients and method.  It will show attention to detail and remind you that you know fuck all when it comes to how it gets done there.  If questioned on why or told to not waste the time, just make sure that you prioritize the info you write down and reply with "I only want to make sure I do it your way the first time when I have to do it on my own Chef."  If he doesn't say thank you to that, fuck that guy.

Hydration and keep your blood sugar up.  This is even more important cause you're going to be nervous and stressed as hell.  It is something that people should just understand in life, but even more so going into a new environment.  A Cliff bar or WTF ever is your personal choice should live in your knife roll.

Check the sidebar and dig in the sub. 




 Wait a minute...?  You mean to tell me that your boss convinced you to go online and help him try to develop a job fair under the guise of helping others in the industry?  Something sounds a little bit not 100% above ground in your situation...  




 Lots of friends?  That is crazy talk.  If you have lots of friends who have Celiacs, prepare to have a lot less friends when you discover they have been lying to you.  Unless you like to hang around lying and manipulative people...

I'm sorry.  But the scientific statistical knowledge says that if you have a lot of friends who claim this, you have a lot of friends who are full of shit. 




 Yeah, not so much.  Taking into consideration the view of the majority of the world is enlightenment.

I mean, we can talk about the extreme amounts of ignorance, hate, violence, medical problems, mental issues, disparity, and overall abuse that is exemplified by the players and the NFL.  Or even the kid who just committed suicide in a dumpster, which he accredited to the vast amounts of injuries he sustained playing football.  However, I don't think that is something I'd care to get into with the internet police.  Nor do I believe that the presentation of scientific facts would be taken into account.

The view of the enlightened folks of the world today is that football, *in it's current form,* is an atrocity to our society.

Oh yeah.  And fuck the Cowboys. 




 World travel would enlighten one to not be impressed or even care about football.  However, I would say that a SE NM town would impress Texan ideals on one... 




 Well hell, I am now!  Welcome to the club!  There is now officially at least 2 of us fuckers here.  Lots more if you just want to generally include our elected officials... 




 There are assholes all over the world.  I'm in Santa Fe and so I will acknowledge that there is at least one here.

Where you are talking about is quite beautiful.  Many people flock there.  And it is in the middle of nowhere.  Shit is expensive in that area, even for locals.  

With that said, there is a bitter hatred among the locals here (I'd even say the state of NM) for people from TX.  For many reasons.  Some logical and sound.  Others stupid and petty.  However, it rarely gets shown towards those obviously Texan.  That is stupid and it costs people here money and they know that.

In all honesty, head up to Wolf Creek.  Or up to CO if you're planning a week.  That is just an IMO, but I feel there are better amenities around in those places.  Plus legal pot! 




 "People here love the Cowboys."  *That is funny.*   Unless you're from TX, people herw typically hate the Cowboys less than the Patriots.  Is that what you mean by loving them? 




 I think I got enough for one more.  Then it's onto the soup! 









 Holy hell man, that is a *serious* offer right there.  I'd consider moving back to the PDX area to get in on that action.

And thanks for the note about the laws changing.  Not being up in the area, it's hard to stay on top of things for the couple of weekend hunt trips every year.  So all the Weyerhaeuser/GP/ETC land that we grew up tromping is now off limits in OR?  Did that change happen in WA too? 




 Unless you get it in writing, never trust any agreement an employer offers you.  No matter how nice or sincere they seem about it.  

Guy changed his mind after he agreed to something?  Fuck it, get out.  There are plenty of backsliders out there whom you can work for. 




 well of course! 




 Just make sure you triple cook those chips! 









 Check out Banh Mi Coda on Louisiana.  It's in your hood, cheap as hell, and one of the better sandwiches you can find in ABQ.  




 If your structure is correct, it shouldn't squish out.  My issue with the cutlets instead of bread is getting greasy hands. 




 Call it whatever you like.  I have to admit that it is quite nice to have a farmer in the family who will bring me produce year round. 




 Um?  You mean like a sauce?  Like the creamed ricotta spread?  Or the cranberry chutney? 




 Cranberry walnut
 




 Jacque Pepin's steamed and roasted turkey recipe using a green chile smoked bird

Maple and clove cranberry chutney

House made creamy nutmeg and black pepper ricotta

The in-law's hot house greens

Cranberry walnut bread 




 Jacque Pepin's steamed and roasted turkey recipe using a green chile smoked bird

Maple and clove cranberry chutney

House made creamy nutmeg and black pepper ricotta

The in-law's hot house greens

Cranberry walnut bread 














 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOB0AfG0w3A 




 I'm all for drug use.  I think more people should smoke more pot.  But for some reason, it's supposed to be common place and accepted for people to get loaded on the job in a kitchen?  Don't people realize that they work with vats of hot liquids/fats, sharp ass knives, screaming red steel, and 1000 RPM razor blades?

They are a liability to you and your establishment.  If your management can't see that or address it, get out.  The longer you work there, the longer you risk some tard sending you to the hospital for not saying behind.  Or "forgetting" to mop up the grease they spilled. 




 I'll test!  I'll even SEND YOU some that I've been making.  Do you need another on your list?  If so, lemme know and I'll PM you my address.

And honestly, this is fairly funny to me.  I just shipped out a few boxes of various smoked salts to a bunch of my friends across the country.  Several chile varietals and the super secret french fry salt shaker mix. 




 Gelling and emulsifying have been around for how long now?  Do you know what aspic is?  How to make panna cotta?  Or a simple mayonnaise?  Maybe you've heard of these things, cause some peasants have been making these items for a couple hundred years now.  It wasn't some genius in the last 20 years that figured out how and why air/gas works with certain compounds.  It was just publicized. 

We can talk about what kind of ovens and stove tops we all use, if you like.  You obviously didn't grasp the point that I was making when I said he cooks with fire.  It means basic.

There is nothing wrong with modern technique.  In the right places and in the right hands.  Proper technique that yields the results which Keller wants isn't invention.  But adaption.  That is what SV cooking is, FYI.  An adaption of boiling.  If you want to get down to it, a great example of crude/basic technology doing the same thing is a traditional preparation of Haggis.

If you're going to be given the distinction of in the top ten restaurants of the world, it *SHOULD* be stressful.  Hell, it was stressful to eat there.  And that was before the place got popular.  

But there is a big difference between Keller and most of the people mentioned in that article.  He cooks for others.  Most that strive to be in the same caliber, cook for themselves.

Now son, if you would like to continue this lesson in food history or are interested in furthering your own gastronomical knowledge, feel free to go get your shine box. 




 Yep.  That's my issue.  He started off the article like he wanted to have a conversation about food.  And then it moved to sound like he had a personal vendetta towards a couple of specific shops.  Critiques and discussions are two entirely different topic.  So are personal tastes.  Which is why I *TRY* to remove my personal tastes about things and look at places subjectively, but it is hard.

I would surmise that the author has similar issues with removing himself from his writing.  Which leads to me looking at what was written as partial "shock topic" journalism/media BS, just to get more attention.  The "Oh look!  This guy is talking shit about Frank over there!  Obviously what he has to say is important!" syndrome.  While he might have something good to say, he doesn't need to be such a dick.

Then again though, in my case, that makes me a charred up kettle... 




 This is probably one of the best articles on food I've read all year.  I know many of ya'll will disagree with me, but this is pretty much spot.  I think it is wonderful that other people are much more elegant and well spoken in telling the hispters to fuck off.  You make snacks for fucks sake.  A necessity for all.  Your job should not be some privilege you give specific people you like so they can jack off your ego.

One thing I would like to point out in all of this is what is lacking.  Which I think many might not notice.  It is hard to have a serious conversation about food, especially in the US, without mentioning Keller.

I hope ya'll note that and understand why.  Partly because he doesn't do a lot of that BS.  He cooks with fire.  Mainly though, the relevancy is simple food, cooked well.  With proper method and technique.  Trends and fads come and go.  I'm not saying you can't do it your way.  I just think it is silly to try and fix what ain't broke.
 




 Ouch.  It's to bad that he had to list names.  That was the first thing I thought when I read "one was the best of the year, one was the worst..."

The problem with not naming names though is not giving the concrete examples of what he is talking about. 




 Do you have a microwave and plastic wrap?  If so, boil water in the microwave.  In a bowl, toss the meat with a little water to loosen the fat some.  Make an airtight seal with the warp.  Nuke it for a minute.  Take out and place in a different, covered container.  Repeat. 




 This place is fine to live in if you have money.  But if you don't, you feel and realize it.  Also, this place is great to live in if you are an entitled rich old white person.

I would love to know what it is that the locals do around here.  I consider myself one now (been here 6+ years and am tied deep with born and bred native New Mexicans and Santa Feans) and we don't do shit.  Mainly because there is nowhere worthwhile to do anything in town. There are a couple gems, I'm not saying it's totally barren.  

However, to get into or go to those places, you have to deal with all the goddamn stupid fucking douchebags that are transitional here.  You know the type.  The self absorbed holier than thou yoga bitches that only shop at whole foods.  Or the asshole oblivious hipster body workers who think it's ok to talk and scream through an entire live acoustic set that people pay $25 to go see.

We actually do a lot among ourselves.  Us locals.  We create our own excitement.  We don't go out.  We don't go to shows.  We hardly go out to eat.  We don't shop at most of the locally owned shops.  And sadly, none of this has to do with money.  At least on the part of myself and my girl.  Maybe some among my friends, but not really.  They all have disposable income they would love to spend.

But here's the thing.  Santa Fe IS NOT friendly to those that live here,  unless you are an entitled old rich white person who makes art.  Or you are apart of the good ol' boy network.  We (the locals) try and change that and contribute into the community which would help foster growth in the other direction.  However, the people that run this town don't seem to have any interest in helping anyone other than tourists and Cousin Jose.

So.  I would love to hear what you do in town or around in the area.  Cause in all honesty, the girl and I are sick of leaving town every other weekend simply for something to do. 




 Ummmmmm.....  That's what she said? 




 and some slices...

http://i.imgur.com/aVQpiXY.jpg 









 What part of butt fuck egypt OR?  I grew up outside PDX and spent a lot of time all over the NW and OR in particular.  I still know a bunch of people out that way.  Specifically Eastern OR.  Farmers, craftsmen, people with pigs to butcher, vintners, hunters, etc  :)
 




 Right right.  Actually reading a few comments now, I just skimmed it before and didn't even watch the video.  Skipped every 30 seconds and checked the still.  The gem though is pretty spot on.  People will go for all kinds of BS.  But fuck that guy for the most part.

I've learned to ignore the cooking and food subs.  And food porn for that matter.  All of the other food related subs I think contain much more, I hate to say enlightened people, but less fucktards than the others.  This sub though, is ONLY full of fucktards.   




 I'm torn to agree with you.  But that pie looks like shit and most Suzi Q Homemakers can make a better looking pie than that.  I'm not talking about technique, quality, or anything like that.  The basic structure of that pizza is simply bad.  The video was excellent though.  If you're going to go to all that work, at least do it right.  It seems like the person making the pie actually does know what they are doing, so I just gotta ask, WTF man?  Why would you do that? 




 Thanks for the mention of the MADfeed.com site.  I remember hearing about it months ago but never checked it out.  And after looking at it for 5 minutes, it's bookmarked and when I can sit down later, that site needs a serious combing through. 




 I watched this again earlier when I saw it posted too.  Lollers.

Now.  I think this guy is pretty awesome.  If he can take this crap and turn it into a plate that people will pay serious money for, I mean, kudos.  That is my job as a Garde Manger, to take trash and scrap and turn it into something edible.

But for fucks sake, this is some serious bullshit.  We can get into the whole discussion of food supply, waste, and all that stuff.  But here's the thing that I love about this kind of crap - other people think they can do it and they can't.  But they try.  And it's fucking funny when these hipster douchebags that can't cook do this shit and then close their doors :) 




 Right on right on.  I totally get it.  I will go for the odds and ends too if I'm in a pinch at the store :)

But it sounds like you're already on top of the meaty deliciousness that is the pig.  Local butcher is good.  Is there an Asian specialty market in your hood?  That is usually a place to find decent cuts of belly.  Also,  if your friends with any restaurant folk, ask them if they could order you some.  Offer em 10-25% above their cost depending on their price and I don't think they would balk at it.  I'll order product for people all the time if they are willing to pay me to pull it off the back of the truck and hand it to them... 




 One of the key things about being a bartender is knowing how to identify problem situations and diffusing them.  Conflict resolution.  But able to be nice, professional, and straight about it.

Other than that, you've got to learn your drinks and know how to pull/pour beer.  I've hired/worked with many "bartenders" with years experience that would last one shift or 20 minutes of a trial simply because they can't pull beer.

You need a serving license.

Lastly, if you are wanting to break into the business, keep in mind that most people WILL NOT hire someone with little or no experience to train them behind the bar.  Unless you got a big ol pair of titties.  No offense women, it's just the business.  Find a job as a bar back and learn your shit.  Easiest place to jump into that would be a hotel. 




 I understand what you are saying and I know what the product is.  But don't agree.  This is what I make that winds up being cheaper and WAY better than any odds and ends pack you might find.  Now I understand that this is house made and you're hard pressed finding similar quality in the store, but you can find your own belly.  Make your own!

http://i.imgur.com/Cm1CTHF.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/xhqqv1m.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/T4xyjFu.jpg

 




 what? 




 Have you thought about publishing some books?  It looks like you've got a lot of material and your editor has been by your side for at least 8 years! 




 check check! 




 Pizza dough, garlic oil, red sauce, cheese, and green chile :)

OH!  Can't forget the smoked green chile salt dusting on the crust... 




 That is a bummer.  I'm down in NM now and I have a completely different problem in that it's basically impossible to sell wild foraged goods due to draconian ass backward laws.  Some restaurants will buy em (most wont) at the back door, but there is no market to take them too, nor a broker I'm aware of in NM.

I pulled about 300# of Porcini this season.  As well as about 150# of lobsters, 30 # of chanties, and another 100# of aspen bolete.  Nobody around here hunts, outside of a gallon container to take home.  There is no money in it, cause ya gotta drive to Denver.  

So what do you do with hauls like that?  I've got almost almost three 5 gallon buckets filled with dried porcini.  I guess I'm eating risiotto all winter long and all of my friends are getting jars for xmas...

Ya got any of them delicious chickens dried up in storage that you'd want to trade?  We don't get those down here :( 




 Ya know what, $20 for a print that size of a good shot ain't bad.  Kudos man, the only cash I'm ever able to make off the shroomies are at the market.  If I can find a decent frame in town for that thing, I think I might just have to order one! 




 Garbage.  Last time I ordered a pizza from there, I asked for a pie to be delivered that was a total unique 3 or 4 topping order.  Dude showed up at my house, which is 10 min from their shop in 20 minutes.  The pizza he tried to give me, which I had to run outside and flag that fucker down about, had easily been sitting in their shop for a couple of hours and it was obvious that they picked toppings off and put new ones on. They didn't even bother to throw it back in the oven, took it straight from under the heat lamp.

The few times I've tried to eat there, it has been burnt with attitude and it tastes like cardboard.  I would much rather, and seriously, eat Dominoes over Upper Crust any day.  And that makes me sad :(

So fuck that place and the bullshit they try to serve the community.  And their sauce is a complete waste of tomatoes. 




 Choppers?  That's a new one to me.  I've not been out there since prolly 2007.  But up until then, it was at least 2 or 3 weekends a year, mainly during the summer for years.  And I have to admit, we used to be some of those quite pleasant people you mentioned doing awesome things in awesome mind sets.  Anymore, I hate it too.  My lord.  I'm an old man.  GET OFF MY LAWN!

The muscaria are everywhere, which is why I love them so much.  It is just that one spot out of all the places I've hunted that still stands in my mind to this day.  And it was never fail, always hundreds of em within yards of each other.  More impressive than the multiple hundred pound patches of yellow chanties I'd find in the Gifford...  




 A spore print is essentially "seed collecting."  It is a way to pick a mushroom and "transfer" the mycelium to a new host for it to grow.  The spores are what allow the mushroom to reproduce. 




 :)  No worries.  I'm from the Columbia valley basin and I miss my old friends.

And.  It is Saturday.  Which means that it is a good day to drive to the beach.  I don't know where you are at.  But if you are anywhere remotely close to Ft. Stevens and haven't been out there this fall, I would suggest you head out there.

On the Oregon side at the mouth of the Columbia river.  If you stand at the very tip and look east down the coast line, you will see a grove of trees about 100 yards from the mouth.  A good 40-50 yards south from the bank of the river.  In that stand of trees should be hundreds of Muscarias.  I mean, like 6"-15" cap large fucking beauties.  One of the most breathtaking stands of mushies I've ever found out there.  I'm not a photog, but it looks like you are...

Also.  All through the park you will find more of our Cyan friends.  But if you look along the banks of the Columbia around there, Seaside, and Astoria, you will find the Azure's as well :) 




 Well awesome, that's great to hear as I've always found Ta Lin to be lacking in those regards as well.  But the best/only real option in the area :(

So how does a civilian go about getting onto the base to do some shopping? 




 Advertising a restaurant usually costs you money in the long run.  The best thing that you can do is have a product which is unique to the area that has a preexisting demand.

On top of it, a better product than your competitors.  Notice, I didn't say cheaper.  I said better.  

Also.  One of the biggest challenges of the restaurant industry is to get people to walk back in the door.  But that is usually where people stop trying - to get the customer to come in that has already been a patron.  The best advertisement is word of mouth.  I believe that it is my job as a cook to not only provide the kind of service/product that will drive people back in the door, but to do so with others in tow.  That is how you build business.

Coupons, TV, radio, and print are a waste of money in restaurant promotions.  




 I'm hard pressed finding decent pizza in Santa Fe and thick crust is almost non existent.  I usually hate saying it, cause it seems wrong.  But IMO Dions is the best pie you can purchase in SF :( 




 Care to mail out some spore prints? 




 Are you letting FOH touch your shit?  Isn't that the only explanation for something so shitty looking to be left in your kitchen?  I mean, you wouldn't keep paying a cook who did that, would you? 




 Really?  Better than Ta Lin?  I find that hard to believe, but it could be.  I've never been onto the base.  If you've never been to Ta Lin, I would highly suggest you check it out. 




 Ta Lin on Central is probably going to be your best bet.  Also, there are a couple of Middle Eastern stores in the area that carry a variety of product.  Shop on San Pedro is decent and Cafe Istanbul on Wyoming is pretty good too.

What kind of product are you looking for specifically? 




 Warm and safe in NM?  Lollers.  Go to CA or FL if you want warm.  If you want warm and safe, stay under the blankets... 




 I dunno.  All I do know is that one of my theater professors would mockingly say "Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd what are you saying?" to make sure that people knew they were not pronouncing and projecting words audibly. 




 Thank you for giving us an update on your personal status. 




 thanks! 




 Thanks.  You are 100% correct that I want to work with someone who knows photo and design stuff.  Layout.  All of that.  Because that person is not me.  I could struggle through, but know if I would do it all on my own it would like like it was done in MSWord by a 6th grader :)

I did some researching online, but was somewhat overwhelmed with the amount of info and what seemed like having to sift through a lot of internet BS.  I didn't find Lulu, I'll check it out.  Kindle Direct I had seen, but not delved into.  Could you recommend another site or two to look into.

And now that I'm thinking of this, I should have looked for a sticky.... 




 Homemade my friend. 




 Made from scratch at my house.   And I didn't know we were dating? 




 Hatch.  Green.  Fucking.  Chile.

But no meat, just extra cheese and sauce. 














 The grilled pork is good, I love it.  And the baguette vs sub roll is always a debate of mine.  The (one) shop in New Mexico that I know about who does theirs from scratch all the way uses a long soft loaf.  Baguette shape, but not crusty at all, more like a sub.  Hence my idea.

But honestly, I'm at 7K plus in altitude.  I hate making bread here and baguettes are much harder than the soft rolls... 




 Yep.  But I don't like pate and the girl is a veggie, so I tend to steer clear... 




 Diakon, carrot, cuke, cilantro, 5 spice lemongrass mayo, and Chinese BBQ pork on a whole wheat roll. 




 Yep.  Somewhat ;) 




 Then check my other post about possibly writing a book! 




 Thank you for your service to the public.

Does the FCC have plans to bust up the monopolies that are currently in control of our communication infrastructure?  When it happened with Ma Bell years ago it was for a reason.  Now we seem to find ourselves in a much similar situation in our nation.  Is the current situation less of a monopoly than before?

Also.  Has there been any talk or interest in Washington about making a free, national high speed internet?  It would be in the nations best interest if we did.  Simply from an economic standpoint.  There is no reason that people should be paying $100 for internet... 




 I'm sorry I'm so lazy to copy and paste a reply to you  :)

Thanks. What I've been kicking around is 26 sandwiches and all of the components to make each one. Why 26? Well, that's a sandwich to make every other week for a year and some of the components take 7-10 days to make.

The formula I'm thinking is 5 recipes per sandwich, 130 in total. Meat, bread, sauce, salad/veg/cheese, and a side.

 




 That would have to be a picture book, coffee table size.  I like my sandwiches, but I don't think they are THAT good.  Maybe I'm wrong? 




 Thanks.  What I've been kicking around is 26 sandwiches and all of the components to make each one.  Why 26?  Well, that's a sandwich to make every other week for a year and some of the components take 7-10 days to make.

The formula I'm thinking is 5 recipes per sandwich, 130 in total.  Meat, bread, sauce, salad/veg/cheese, and a side.  




 Right on.  Now that is going to make me question my hunting season next year, as I passed a few that looked like that, but in every other aspect, an Aspen Bolete.

What kind of bolete is that? 




 Show us your tits!  Erm.... smokehouse? 









 gorgeous.  So jealous out here where we never see such fine product.  How much per kilo/gram if you don't mind sharing? 




 Wow.  I'd ask if you work in my town.  But then you mentioned getting paid.  Your post is basically the same experience of almost EVERYONE on my town, except they get $10.61/hr if they are lucky :( 




 Um...  I very well can be wrong, I'm not an expert.  But are you sure that big guy is a bolete?  I've never seen one that wasn't a sponge. 




 Somewhat close to that.  No pate and it's not on white bread, so to not cause controversy with the internet food police, I'm not going to call it a banh mi.  Just delicious. 




 I believe the ODB would say that he likes it RAAAAAAAAAW! 




 Zoidberg's ancestor? 




 Right now these are the things that I have on the desk that could be included in a book for non kitchen folk.  If it would happen, I highly doubt it would be in print.  But PDF/kindle/tablet friendly.

75+ different mayos

15 mustards

25 breads

6 bacon cures

20+ pickles of variety

10+ salt/spice mixes

20+ rubs for smoked meats

5 salamis

20+ slaws

20+ salads 

And  the list goes on and on... 




 In the course of the last year, I have made a lot of (restaurant grade) sandwiches.  More importantly, I've made a lot of components to make a ton of awesome sandwiches.  From bread to mayo to cured meats to cheese.  I've made a lot of sandwich fixings.  I mean, the sandwich is one of the most perfect foods ever...

I have been asked in the real world, and in this one, numerous times to provide recipes, instructions, or a cookbook.  And I think it is about time that I cataloged my stacks of binders and notebooks into something useful for others.  So I thought I would judge a basic interest in such a thing from the sub.

If any of ya'll are curious or haven't seen any of my posts, below is a link to a gallery of sandwiches.  Comments, hate mail, critique, or anything else is more than welcome.  I'd love feedback of any kind.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 









 Puff pastry is always a bitch.  But it is good to stay in practice.  The budino is stupid simple.  Sugar, cocoa powder, cornstarch (in lieu of gelatin to keep in veggie friendly), and a little salt in a pot.  Bring it up to a hot hot temp while stirring to not burn the cocoa and caramel the sugar a little.  Add milk/cream/liquids and bring that shit to a boil.  Stir ever couple of minutes to pull the nasty off the bottom.  Let that stuff go until it looks like clumpy mud and then run it through a chinoise.

Really, really simple.  Easy to fuck up.  It just takes a little time and attention. 




 I just got back from HI and saw one of the most awesome things ever in almost every gas station there.  I guess it is a CA company and so I'm sure they is information about.  I wish I would have remembered the name of the machines.

Prepacked "milkshake/smoothie" mixes and the "blizzard" machine to mix it all up and add the ice cream.  It was fucking genius.  It did take up a fair amount of room (think 2 large soda fountains, one of which is a dedicated refer) but I think the profit would be awesome.  Seasonal in most places, but awesome.  Think of it like the new fangled Kurig individual serving coffee stations that are everywhere.  Basically the exact same idea, but with smoothies/milkshakes.

And I think the price point (in HI, so that is inflated island prices) was about $4.50/ea. 




 Gutting out dilapidated shops and cleaning up after morons who shouldn't be in business in the first place is a great way to make money.  For example, there is a shop in my town right now that has 3 (used 1 year) double pour Astoria Espresso machines that I could probably pick up for about $400 ea.  Then again though, the owner is in a financial shit and is looking for anything he can get his hands on.

With that being said, it's also a great way to furnish/outfit a place, if you know how to inspect things.  And for units with refrigeration, learn how to check Freon levels and cooling elements/motors.  Used equipment is always questionable unless you have an awesome repair guy.  Used equipment is also not always 100% what you want, or more importantly, need.  It doesn't matter if the ice machine is only $250 if it only produces half of the needed ice for a day... 




 I hate plating.  I mean, fucking hate it.  I spent long enough in the trenches of fine dining to just not care what food looks like any more.  Method, taste, and technique is what I focus on.

So yeah.  Zig zags.  I'm lazy and like colour.  I wish I could bother to actually want to plate at home.  Cause I'll tell ya what, I hate that shit too.  But the girl loves it and treats me right for those kinds of things, so... 




 I can't bring myself to make pate at home.  The GF doesn't like it and I'm not a huge fan.  And I agree with the mint all the way around.  You can sneak in a piece of basil or two like I know a few folks do, but that is about as much messing with the herbs I like. 




 Puff pastry

Raspberries

Chocolate budino

Cream Anglaise

Mango sauce 









 5 spice Chinese style BBQ pork

Cilantro, diakon, carrot, and cucumber

Lemongrass and five spice mayo

whole wheat sub roll 









 "Banh Mi"

5 spice char sui pork

Daikon, carrot, cucumber, and cilantro  

5 spice lemongrass mayo

Soft roll 









 Sirloin strip with porcini cream sauce

Fried Onion and mushrooms

Snap peas and garlic 









 Well, you should shout next time you're planning on coming up this way and I'll see what I can do.  

Today's sandwich of awesome is a Bhan Mi.  Fuck yeah! 




 I already got lucky today, I should let someone else have a shot ;) 




 I was debating on coming down to ABQ today and this might make it worthwhile... 




 GTFO. 




 I teach classes often.  If you're interested in learning how to cook better, shop smarter, or how to do pretty much anything you would want to do at home that you can't do now, let me know. 




 http://www.rattlesnakes.com/ 




 The membership to Plant World is only like $25, it's totally worth it.  The brother in law has one for his vegetable garden and I'm always impressed with the loot he finds.

Without going into long winded stories, maybe try calling BLM?  Or the USFS?  A pueblo?  Maybe could find an area that is having them cleared out to get transplants?  Only reason I say this is because I helped drop a few live pinon this summer doing some conservation work... 




 That's a first to hear for me.  People just usually want to burn it...

I'm up in SF, I'm pretty sure I've seen Pinon starts at Paynes.  Could also try "Plants of the SW" here in SF too.  Did you call plant world in ABQ? 




 Completely off topic, but if you've not hit up the Rattlesnake museum yet, you should. 




 The SF market is pretty much done.  There are the year round vendors in the building, but no produce.  Maybe a couple of hot house greens or tomatoes, but that is about it.  Crafts, bread, cheese, and canned goods now.   




 Do you mean live trees? 




 Shouldn't you be in the pit? 




 Foraging is fine.  It is the elite attitude of the "hipsters " or WTF ever else you want to call them that is the problem.  People shouldn't think that they are special because they went out and picked their own food.  

Foraging needs to stop being talked about.  It belongs right there with the words "sustainable, local, organic" in needing to be stripped out of the vocabulary of those who work with food.  Why?  Because it should not be the exception, but the fucking norm.  

But the real reason that I think we shouldn't be teaching more people to forage is because when shit hits the fan and we get knocked back into the stone age, the last people any of us will want to have around are the fucking hipsters.  If we teach them to forage, we increase their chances of survival.  That is no bueno. 




 I honestly don't think so.  But maybe?  That is just an IMO statement.  But maybe he's a outrageous pretentious fucktard?  He's never come across that way to me in the few things that I've read/watched him in.

However, I will tell him to fuck off with that dirt and pine needle shit.  The last thing we need to be doing in the culinary world is trying to convince the god dammed hipsters that they should forage even more. 




 How old are you?  What kind of education do you have? With 1 year experience, I would be extremely hesitant taking over the reigns of a kitchen that is obviously (by your words) poorly run.  Honestly it sounds like a good way to get fired in a couple of months for something you either don't know or have never handled.
  
Also.  KM for $30K?  I dunno what part of the country you are in, but that is stupid low IMO.  Just think for a minute.  That is $625/week before taxes.  That is just barely more than what a line cook makes in my little butt fuck town... 




 Because people are jealous of what they can't be and don't know how to control their emotions. 




 While all the *serious* answers here are fairly spot on IMO.  I think that it has to do with the fact that there is no money to be made in helping people or in doing good things :( 
























 * with manchego 









 Honestly, no clue.  I'm also surprised how nice it turned out.  

I buried the chunk in seasoned and pink'd salt, soaked it over night, rubbed it down with my green chile and black pepper mix, and it's been sitting on a cookie cooling rack on a sheet pan in my garage for the last 2 weeks under a tea towel.  I didn't even hang it... 









 I watched the seachickens lose for 30 years.  I move out of Seattle, they win.  I hope they go back to losing. 




 Well I don't know what to tell you.  I wish my products were on a shelf somewhere for you to buy.... 




 in my fridge ;) 




 Nitrates, more than likely.  Sometimes I forget and don't use them.  As for this piece, it looks like either a paprika or red chile rub and then cold smoked.  But I honestly don't know if it's not somewhere else in the comments of this thread... 




 Anytime you want to stop by, feel free.  I've got 4 kinds on hand now and 3 others in cure.  It is an evolving process. 




 Not of this batch. But there are a ton of more pics of bacon in various stages here...

http://m.imgur.com/a/DlsgR 




 Trim that skin, yo!  But that looks very nice. 














 Holy god damn.  As a cracker ass honky from the north, that picture is fucking beautiful. 




 Who cares what that guy thinks? 




 Hey man, I'm better than you.  What are you going to do to me when I steal your business with a better product, cheaper price, and far superior service?  Throw a tantrum?

It sounds like you have some serious fucking anger issues.  I know, because I do as well.  Get the fuck over it.  It is nothing personal, it is business.  But if this guy is as big of a jack off as you make, let him run himself out of business.  But if you're the bigger jack off to make threats against a competitor on the internet, jesus fucking christ man.  Close your shop up now before you become Amy's Baking Company. 




 If it's on the internet, it has to be true...

But if it comes from the mouth of McGee and it is related to science and food, you better fucking believe it! 




 This is a good thought. Specialize in an item or two and make it banging.  I personally would kill for a gas station with a functioning restaurant inside.  If you buy it though, just invest in solar immediately and put in a charge slot.  I'm pretty sure the store across the street doesn't have that yet... 




 Empanadas, made on site to freeze and fried to order.  A little hinged press and you can crank 45 an hour by hand with the right mise.  Perfect gas station food... 




 I work with MMJ providers, caregivers, and dispensaries.  NM is a joke when it comes to MMJ.  If MMJ is something you are considering making a move around, look at CO, OR, or WA.  Those three states are much more friendly.

 




 I've scrubbed the hell out of it sadly.  It's an older bottle and I'd hate to throw it out.  I just seems the elbow grease doesn't do the trick... 




 I think this whole thing is funny.  The ABQ police is so fucking trigger happy that they shoot their own. 




 Pass the knowledge! 




 I take salt, put it on a tray, and place it in a rolling smoker for a couple of hours.  I don't know how you wouldn't have luck with that... 




 These words are going on a shirt. 




 Thanks!  I like some sandwiches too.  Sadly, I live up in Santa Fe and I am hard pressed finding a good sandwich in this town.  So being the food guy that I am, I just decided that I was going to make some of the better ones in the area.  Trying to open up a truck up here though is one of the biggest clusterfucks I've come across.

However, I'm about to swing a deal with Natural Grocers and a couple of other stores down in ABQ to start making some grab and go snacks for their deli cases.  I'm thinking things like shooters, muffalatas, good salumi, etc.  None of that tuna and egg salad gas station BS...

What do you think about Bahn Mi Coda? 




 If you were looking for some seriously awesome BBQ and know what you are talking about when it comes to food, how could you be deterred by that place?  That joint looks run down as fuck and 100% legit.  Anyone running BBQ out of a joint like that HAS to know what they are doing... 




 Spices.  Salt in particular.  Simply because it means I can pack my smoke in my bag and take it with me :) 




 Back when I was applying, I was told there was no curb side vending.  I still don't see any of that.  Granted, I'm up in SF and don't see much.  But what I do is all on private property. 




 All I can say is I tried and would love to operate a truck in ABQ.  But they made it impossible for the most part.  This is just fucking stupid and it is unfortunate, because the good people of the city lose out.  And if any of you are curious, this is what I would love to be feed you folks...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 you mean something like this?  With a side of sweet garlic chile?

http://i.imgur.com/uO4HCUM.jpg 




 Ya know, he just might.  I personally believe that his legacy and message will stand the test of time. 









 what in the holy fuck. 




 Ah!  Bend.  That is old stomping ground...

Don't sell the kitchen short.  Nor the venue aspect.  Both those items are awesome to keep people around.  Just shoot for them to be profitable. Or the gravy on the beer making.  Just don't do either half assed.  

Look at the McMinimums for some awesome examples of some simply fucking stellar places.  They built their empire on beer.  Not renovating old buildings and slinging garden burgers. 




 First of all.  City and State man, city and state!  WTF is your demographic?  It don't mean nothing if you make better beer than the Trappists if you don't have people to buy it :)

What are the sales needed to break you even?  Those plans to me look like a cool $500K min if you are building from the ground up.  

Oh.  And for the size and what you talking about doing, your kitchen is fucked.  Sorry.  Someone else said it, but plan the hood now.  Don't do it later. 




 Yeah...  So I made those tortillas from scratch.  And then proceeded to make them how I wanted to eat them.  So I think you should go fuck yourself and you should be ashamed for being an asshole. 




 WTF doesn't it go on? 









 As a professional cook, former restaurant owner, current cater, bar manager, and overall food professional I must politely tell you to go fuck yourself.  You are a great example of why this world is on a fast track to extinction.   




 If you ask in kitchen confidential, be prepared for a lot of backlash.  And some good advice if you can filter out the BS which will probably get thrown your way.  

If you sacrifice cost in training, you will sacrifice value in your product.  Plain and simple.  One of the things I would suggest if you are seeing turn over and high costs in training is to change your hiring practices.  Or maybe there is a "weak link" in your kitchen somewhere that needs to be fixed.  

It sounds like you need someone to come in and set up a program for you.  IMO.  But then again, I am a freelance restaurant "fixer."  I've built and ran kitchens, from small scale mom and pop (3 on the line) to corporate places doing $5K in food sales on a Tuesday for lunch.  However, my specialty is walking into a kitchen and finding an extra 5-10% yearly profit in a fairly short order.

So ask away.  But please also provide details about your shop.  A posted menu, location, demographic, sales, square footage, number of tables/seats, etc.  And pictures of your kitchen can do wonders.  

If you don't feel comfortable posting this info online, feel free to PM me and we can take it to personal contact if you wish.  This is one time offer. I usually charge people good money for this kind of advice.  I'm just bored between gigs :) 




 I think the process was about 2 weeks in total?  Salt box for 5 days, desalinate 1 day, and an 8 day hang?  That sounds about right, I think?  I really should start keeping better records... 









 I'm assuming you mean breaded, not battered.  Battered is wet, breaded is dry.  If you are battering a pork chop, you are doing it wrong.  Try breading it in the following method.  You can't fuck it up if you do it like this.

Take your 1/2" to 3/4" cutlet and pat it dry.  Coat it in seasoned flour, dip it in egg, and then finally place in a large bowl with LOTS of breadcrumbs.  So much that when you place the chop in there, that none of the wet chop touches the bowl.  Only bread crumb.  Then gently press down on the meat to secure the crumb to the wash and toss some over the top to coat thoroughly.  Flip the chop over and press down again.  Then make sure the sides are sealed as well.  Place on parchment paper and into the fridge for 1/2 hour or up to 24 hrs.  Once the breading is soggy, it is worthless.

Making sure that you have a good seal on the coating is key.  It means it will stick together.  It also means that if it is cooked properly, it will crust and keep your meat juicy and moist.

In a hot hot pan pour in enough oil to come up half way on the chop.  Just as the oil starts to shimmer, gently place the chops in the pan.  DON'T TOUCH THE FUCKING CHOPS.  Turn the heat down to mediumish.  After about 3 minutes, gently shake the pan.  If chop slides easily, it is time to flip it over.  With a fish spatula (google it if you need), not tongs.  Another 3 minutes, it should be good.

If you are doing clams this way, just fry them till the breading is golden and you're good. 




 Those are pretty neat.  Other than knife handles, I've always wondered what small pieces of antler shed could be used for. 




 It is a sandwich. 




 Those people are fruitcakes.  I mean, melts?  I mean, they don't know what a sandwich is?   









 Thanks.  I'm starting to love working with the laminate dough. 




 Honestly, I don't want to burst your bubble, but you really won't want to do it.  The thing isn't just big enough.  By the time you're done sinking in the $250 in all the controls PLUS having spent all the time doing the conversion work, you will probably be mad that you can only do one 3# piece of bacon at a time.

I speak this from experience.

I know you want to do it and if you can, here is my suggestion to keep you happy.  Make a deal with a friend who has the room or a garage for a full size fridge to convert.  Or get another place.  Something that a lot of people would never think about is a small storage unit.  They are usually are all pest controlled,  24 hr access, and have electricity inside... 




 Veggie burgers of sorts.  Make the mix, shape them, and freeze them on sheet pans before placing in a ziplock.  Or you can freeze them in a stack between parchment paper. 




 Man.  I don't really recipe so much :(

The jam filling was (all approx) 2 parts blue to 1 part black, white sugar, honey, vanilla,  and salt.  The mascarpone cream was 8oz of mascarpone, 4oz of cream cheese, juice and zest of one lemon, powdered sugar.

Danish dough is 8# flour, 2# water 1# sugar,  3oz yeast, 3# butter.  

I know all of this ALMOST helps... 




 a shot of them being made...

http://i.imgur.com/nLIxt8Y.jpg 









 Properly. 









 Don't waste your first go around trying to do a panchetta hang.  You'll probably fuck it up and be pissed at the wasted product.  Strip that belly down into 3 or 4 chunks and start with a couple of simple bacon cures.  Remember, to learn how to ride a bike, you have to know how to walk. 




 WTF? 




 Hopefully you got to see some of the farolito madness.  There sure were a metric fuckton of people out on Canyon... 




 caja china? 




 Include me!  I'm on the internet bandwagon! 




 I know.  It's just not nearly as fun to say. 




 The change is in management.  It is moving from being a grand experiment of a National Preserve to becoming apart of the parks department.  Or maybe USFS, but probably Parks.

This change means many things.  The number one thing that is being fought is paved roads.  Currently, once you exit off of Hwy 4, you hit dirt road.  There are no paved roads in the Valles Caldera and it has been that way intentionally.  Both Parks and USFS have said that one of the first things they want to do if they are granted control, is to put paved roads in so there is easier access to the public.  That is fucked.  This land needs to be preserved and should have the public even further restricted, rather than encourage more traffic.

This change is bad for national security via LANL, the Pueblos, local environment, and will be devastating for the Jamez valley.  All everyone ever talks about when it comes to public land is "let the public on it!"  The problem is that the majority of the public is fucking stupid and are negligent to the wonderful things they are given. 




 broiled Heirlooms and manchango

some kind of hung bacon I don't know when or how I made

eggs

grilled spilt muffin

Goulden's mustard.

 









 Go to the Valles Caldera.  The way it is operated and overseen is about to change and this will probably be the only chance you will have to see any of it in it's current state.  Which is sad :(

http://www.vallescaldera.gov/

And just down the road from there is Bandelier. 




 I don't know if I'd ever use it in a professional kitchen, but I grind down 1 T of MSG with about 2 cups coarse kosher for my personal use.  And well, french fries at my house at just a little bit more awesome.  

Just like using salt as a seasoning, you shouldn't taste MSG if it is used properly.  Maybe that is a personal opinion, I dunno.  But I love the shit.  Nothing wrong with a little Sazon Goya in the pot from time to time.  It is a shame that it has gotten such a bum rap over the years. 




 This was not made with a waffle iron. 




 Because most people want to eat my sandwiches :) 




 Fresh mozz, smoked gouda, pepper jack, pecorino, parm, and possibly something else? 




 Homemade pancetta, heirloom tomato, broiled multi-cheese, green chile, sourdough. 




 Always. 









 I love it when uneducated people talk about food.   




 Jacques Pepin.  Most of his Fast Food My Way series is on youtube. 




 There is only one person who can utter those words and have others truly appreciate how magical they are.  Ding!  




 I appreciate it.  I understand what you mean by pinning now.  It was just a different term than what I'm used to.  As to the weights, I misunderstood what you meant as pinning.  Not ingredients, just silly me.

The dough is currently being run through a sheeter, 3 folds.  I'm not going to stop and measure the fold, it is all done by eyeball and feel.  There is too much other dough going through the sheeter, we honestly don't have time.  Hence the product loss as it currently sits.  We are making so much of the product that the scrap is (sadly) a loss leader.  Which is why I want to salvage it.  I feel like I have the majority of the current scrap figured out and recycling a bunch more will almost eliminate it.  I hope.  We just have to bear through this holiday pie and cookie overwhelment before we can do anything.  240 dozen triple colored cookies is no BS...

I have been debating on doing the third fold a 1/4 fold and then doing a final fourth before shaping and forming.  Do you think that the fourth fold is excessive for packaged goods?  I don't know much about any of this baking nonsense.  And what I do know is Suzi Q homemaker bullshit.  What I know how to do is cook ;) 




 Savory is the direction I'm  leaning.  I've been playing with a few things, but nothing has stood out yet.  I dig the idea of the egg cup, our main hindrance is a 2 day shelf life and non refrigerated.  I know I can secure refrigeration space at several accounts, but that is down the line.

We currently do cinnamon rolls/twists/mini twists, caramel nut rolls, spiral jelly filled, bear claws, cheese pockets, croissants, and choco croissants with our danish.

Hot pockets.  TheSparrow16, you might just be a fucking genius.  Nobody in our area is doing anything remotely like that. 




 I would do that, but there are 2 competing bakeries in the area who share shelf space with us. 




 Recycling is something we've been talking about, just haven't had the time yet to play with it.  The main priority we had first with this dough, which I think is a solid product now, was changing around the ratio.  We needed to work with a fucked up dough for a few weeks, simply because a prexisting business was purchased.  We couldn't change the dough from day 1...

I've never seen dough pinned or weighted.  What do you use for to do that? 




 We already have a similar product. 




 We tried pie toppings.  Unfortunately the dough rises to much for the clam shells.  We also don't have a fryer (the one piece of missing equipment in the kitchen) and make 11 different kinds of packaged pastries.  I don't think we have the shelf space to add another.  All of them also sell fairly well, but maybe I should look at sales and replace one?

Also, I've never tried to cut pastry dough by hand, like you would donut to make fritters.  Does it work the same?  Fuck up the dough?  Apple fritters are fuckton pain in the ass to make by hand, if in batch.  I'd imagine this would be the same? 




 Grill pan. 




 Hydrate.  Keep your blood sugar in check.  Stay away from white drugs.   




 Hit up Johnny's.

http://johnnyspoboys.com/ 




 If you want to come out here and see "the magic of SF," you need to come at a different time of year.  Late summer when the markets are happening.  There are an additional 60K people coming and going week in and week out for a couple of months.  If you're into that kind of stuff, this is an awesome place to be.  

However, since I speak the basic facts about the area, people tend to think I'm negative about it here.  Truth be told, I love it to a certain extent.  And I can't wait to move.  But if people ask for advice about moving here, unless you fall into a very specific category (read rich and white), the general attitude of those that have moved here is stay the fuck out.  Which is really sad, cause we all WANT it to be the magical place people talk about.  It just ceased being that about 20 years ago :( 




 Meh?  The girlfriend is a veggie.  So more for me! 




 There is no night life here.  One club that opened up about 6 months back.  One gay bar that has been open and closed off and on for the last 3 years.  A couple of casinos 1/2 hour outside of town have dance floors and bars.

Museums, there are a lot of.  However, you can walk through most of them in 30 minutes having seen everything.  The same with the gallery.  You can make an afternoon looking at the dated southwestern art in the gallery lined Canyon Road, but many find it lacking and way over priced.

Outdoors right now is meh.  It is beautiful here, the only redeeming factor of SF is access to the outdoors.  Cold and wet, some snow in the hills.  If you want to ski, head to Angel Fire.  Or Wolf Creek up in CO.  Sadly, Ski Hill Santa Fe is a terrible place to waste a vacation if you can go elsewhere.   




 Most of the area is safe to stay in.  Anywhere downtown is fine for the most part.  If you get to the south end of town or on Cerrillos, it can be a little sketch when it comes to hotels.

There is not much here to do.  This town is geared towards 55+ blue haired old ladies and uppity yoga people.  If you make  weekend of this town, you'll not want to move here if you want any of the basics you'll find in the city.  Other than the cost.  This place is expensive as fuck to visit and more so to live in.  Also, this town basically shuts down around 9pm.

Santa Fe is worth checking out, but if you are driving here from a ways away, I would suggest you hitting some other places in the area too.  Taos, Red River, and Angel Fire are all resort towns with kick ass skiing right now. 









 A good area to stay in is one that is far away from Santa Fe.  Seriously.   




 Grilled Sourdough

Hot Italian Sausage, parsley, parm, scallion, and cured wax pepper "salad" with browned Pecorino crust

Roasted heirloom tomato with caramelized mozzarella 









 Usually somewhere between 1/4" and 3/8".  1/2" is just too much! 




 Lollers!  Fuck your owner man, that is complete bullshit and illegal as fuck. 




 Check out couchsurfing.com,  I have a few friends in the ABQ area who do such things.  I'd offer, but I'm up in Santa Fe and busy today...

 




 Holy hell.  Such a nice haul for so late in the year.  I guess global warming is good for something... 




 Does it have to be something they will use at work?  That almost seems like a double sided gift, but we all know we love our knives.

Find out what your staff has at home and get them a little gift bag of professional grade tools for their house.  Silpats, half sheet pans and some off set spats.  I'm sure someone would love one of these:

http://www.amazon.com/Cuisinart-DLC-10S-Classic-7-Cup-Processor/dp/B00004S9EM/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1418537945 sr=8-2 keywords=cuisinart+processor#

Maybe your pastry chef has never bothered to pick up a Chinois of their own? Custom leather knife rolls?

 




 Hydrate.  Keep your blood sugar in check.  Have an extra back up of everything you normally need to restock.  Don't do knife work on the fly.  And Stop stressing so much.  If you want to do this job, you'll get it down.

You've been there two months with little experience and they are handing you proteins to cook?  Kudos.  Most people need to spend a few months on fryers or salads/desserts before they are given proteins to fuck up and waste.

Don't be afraid to ask for help.  Don't ask for help unless you actually NEED it.  Learn how to ask for help the right way and you'll get it every time you ask.  No BS.  There are ways of doing it.  One of em is to be damn sure that when you do ask, you need it and you need it fucking now.  If you look like you are flailing or a deer in headlights, I will lose respect for you.  If you're calm and calling for it as 6 orders ring in behind 12 pans working, you got it brother.  I got your garlic, don't worry about it.

Talk to your boss.  Explain to him that you want to succeed and you would like to insure you're learning daily how to be more efficient and skillfully productive.  That you're concerned you're not moving along fast enough and ask boss what they think you need to focus on.  It will be appreciated.  And if the boss looks down upon you for coming to them or doesn't help you, GTFO of that kitchen.  It is not worth your time.

The number one thing I wish that all people would do is say "I don't know if I'm up to speed or comfortable."  I would rather train you and work beside you or shift people around on stations, than deal with fallout from stupid fuck ups that are preventable. 




 Calabrese

Brined and smoked pork loin

Sopressata

Parm

Pecorino Romano

Heirloom tomatoes, butter lettuce, parsley, scallions

Mama's Special Sauce

Hoagie 









 Honestly man, you're in for a shit show for a while if you do this.  I mean, nepotism isn't looked highly upon in the first place, but when it is someone with NO practical or relevant experience in a kitchen, it will be worse.

If you do take it, ask the best (notice I didn't say the one you like the most) individual in the kitchen to hold your hand and offer them a raise.  From there, you need to spend an additional 50% of your weekly hours in study.  So if you're doing 60 hour shop weeks, you really need to be doing 90 with food or business related.

Here's the deal though. You don't know how to cook.  Don't touch the fucking menu. 




 Meat and vegetables  ;) 









 Yeah.  I'm making another plate of that right now.  I hate myself sometimes, but it was just so damn good. 









 This is the run.  There is another way south from what I've been told, but I'm not a boater.  I just come along for the float... 




 There are also some easy floats on the Rio.  You just need to know where to put in and take out... 




 Yes. 




 Fuck me, that is what I meant.  Sausage Shop.  
 




 Yeah, I'm bummed I found it this last trip around.  I've been out that way a few times in the last year and have been looking for some killer snacks.  I would like to think of myself as somewhat of an authority on sandwiches (below is a link to my from scratch work) and this place is legit.  

Best part IMO?  No seats and standing room for 10, maybe.  As far as my tab?  Meh.  Too much to read on the wall.  I told the lady to give me 2 awesome sandwiches, 3 good size chunks of salumi, and a half dozen of them jerky sticks.  $33.  For fucks sake, I'm coming back.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 I'm sorry.  It makes me cringe for the folks making what they know to be a substandard product.  It would be in greater favor of the shop if they simply provided something for customers that was meant to go.  Like a simple non-bake budino in pre portioned to-go ramekins?  A couple of sauce/toppings in 1oz to go's and they walk out the window in a plastic bag in 30 seconds.  Saves time and the customer gets their pudding. 




 WTF?  Ya'll serve creme brulee to go?  Why would you sell a substandard product that gives people room to bitch? 




 It is pretentious and egotistical to think that a private place of business should cater to your specific needs.  Plain and simple.  So fuck those people who demand it or think it is ok.  It is a choice of the business to do so.  It is unfortunate that people think you have to suck everybody's dick that comes through the door for the dollars they MIGHT spend.

With that said.  I build menus that are inclusive of such people.  Which is what I encourage others to do.  Beat them at their own game and provide them specifically with a product.  And let them know - that's it bitches.  That's all you get.  If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.  But there are no mods, aside from very simple and basic ones, that happen to my menu.  

However, anything that I put on a menu that was that specific would be so fucking spot on that other people would order it.  That is how you deal with it.  There are so many other things to be concerned about and yet every fucking week people are bringing this shit up.  Get educated, do something about it, and grow some balls.  Tell people what they can and can't have if they come in with limitations.  Just make sure that what you give them isn't bullshit. 




 My complaint is not about customers at all.  It's about those here and others in the industry not being educated enough to call people out on their shit.  My complaint is also about all of those in the industry who don't have the balls to tell these fucktards NO.  You DON'T HAVE to cater to them.  You don't have to be a dick to them, you can be nice.  But when you or others encourage their behavior, it makes ALL of our jobs harder. 




 I was just thinking the same thing.  I live in a town full of uppity rich white yoga bitches that would eat that shit up and then talk to their friends about how such a good deal it was... 




 Once I can stop from having to correct idiots who open their mouths on subjects they know nothing about or spread misinformation on, I will.  Until then, absolutely not.  I might be a loud asshole, but I'm also right. 




 The point is the assumption is that you are born with it.  It is developed.  Anyone who actually has Celiacs knows this.  People who want to talk about Celiacs (which is EVERYONE in this sub) should know this.  Sadly though, people talk with authority on the subject and can't even bother to find out yesterday's news without opening their mouth. 




 Ok.  The posting read to me that you're working for a shop and looking to host.  I guess I read into that, but it isn't completely clear that you are a 3rd party all around.

So are you trying to facilitate a job fair?  It sort of sounds that way and honestly, somewhat of a decent idea.  But what would be the end all goal?  If an event is free, usually the customer is the product... 




 I copied the link wrong.  And no. 




 Ok, fair enough.  Somewhat.  There is a big difference between knowing a lot of people who have a genetic condition and knowing a single family whos legacy includes one.  Your statement is misleading.

It is also a inherited trait which is triggered.  In many cases (I'm not saying all or in your friends) parents who actually do have Celiac's automatically treat their children as if they do and will tell them that they do without a diagnosis.  Simply to either help prevent a trigger from happening because they know that the gene is passed, or to make their own life easier.  There is scientific data to back up the last statement as well.  If you would like to understand Celiac's more, check out this snippet from U Chicago.

http://www.uchospitals.edu/pdf/uch_007936.pdf 




 Ta-Lin has canned Italian winter truffles in water.  It's a decent product, but spendy.  Last I saw was about $25 for 5oz drained weight.  Or something like that.  Also check out the Shamrock restaurant supply warehouse.  They usually keep a very similar product on their shelves as well. 
























 I won't know the difference if you put veggies in your "stock?"  That is laughable.  There is a reason that people wonder why restaurant  food is so good and they can't replicate it at home.  Stock is vegetable based.  What you are talking about making is broth, which is quite different from stock.  Not that it is bad or wrong, just two different things. 




 Ok.  Time justified!
 




 Roasted bones.  Start it with cold water.  Raft it clean. 

 I would like to know why op spent more than 1/2hr making stock... 




 Nope. It was a call from bartenders to let people know it was last call.  Mind your pints and quarts! 




 almost everything you need to know about feeding children

http://news.nationalpost.com/the-kids-menu/ 




 All good ones, and somehow you missed my favorite.  The one which I want believe to be true is that "the bars will be closed from 8 to 6 on Election Day."   




 Right. But why?
 




 Random trivia!  Who knows where "86'd" came from?  I mean, I do.  But I love my bar trivia.  How about "mind your p's and q's?"  Or "wet your whistle?"  Hospitality trivia is the best! 




 Will you tell the owner I have some awesome beachfront property in AZ that I would love to show her? 




 Holy shit man.  I've no knowledge of legal stuff, but can this guy be taken to court somehow? Or did he do this "above board" as to how papers were signed?  I mean, how or why would the owner or management allow free drinks?  Free drinks? what in the holy fuck? 




 I'm actually an asshole, but I'm usually really nice about it :) 




 Interesting.  I'm glad to know that the McApplegarden tocque wearing food network wanna be fucktard hacks are everywhere and not just here. I mean, it does make me sad, but how and why and what the fuck?  I'm so glad I don't have to deal with restaurants anymore if I don't want to, but this asshole puts what we do in bad light.

I was accused recently of "helping" a shop into the ground to liquidate it.  Sure sure, I bought gear after they closed.  But they were closing before I walked in there and there was nothing nobody could do about it.  Simple fact, some places should close.  But when it happens intentionally... 




 Might look good, might taste better.  But please do our trade a favor and don't call yourself a chef.  I put gas in my car and change the oil, I ain't a fucking mechanic... 




 I mean, wow?  Sounds like some people need to disappear.  Is this consultant still around?  I mean, how in the hell do you run a shop into the ground, hoping to scrap it off into the brand new shop you open down the street and not wind up in a ditch?

If you don't mind, where are you located? I'm just curious as I thought it was fucked out here.  Wanna talk about theft?  One shop here was paying $38k monthly in rent.  Yes.  That number is correct.  They did for years.  How/why is beyond me.  But it's currently in court and they got the rent *dropped* to $12k/monthly.  I'm in New Mexico BTW.  Not even NYC...

Edit to add... The sq footage of that place is about 3200... 




 How and why was this guy hired if this is all true?  Does nobody make phone calls, follow ups, or send in there troops to do some sleuthing before hiring someone into a lead management position anymore?

I know this is the kind of shit you can't make up, cause I've seen a lot in my time.  But this guy makes the strawberry cranberry and celery pie I recieved for my birthday seem to be a grammatical error... 




 Stay home, unless you want to make a bad impression as someone who can't even make a reservation on the single busiest night of the year for restaurants.   




 Yes.  It is used daily for anything and everything.  I don't own a blender because I have an awesome processer! 




 Hence the title of the post ;)

Making bacon is easy.  Before you graduate to doing hang cures and pancettas, give your hand a try at some quick cures, salt box methods, smokes, etc.  It'll give you a better grasp of what is happening during the curing/drying process.

Which book did you pick up?

FYI.  Talin has awesome small chunks of skin on pork belly.  The 99  has decent stuff too, but you have to go into that store.  Also, if you ask nicely, the kind folks at The Alpine Sausage Kitchen *might* have some whole belly to part with.  Other than that, check the carnicerias in the area if you want belly and don't have access to restaurant wholesalers. 




 that is highly unfortunate.  On both accounts. 




 the carbonara it makes...

http://i.imgur.com/Q0XN1XK.jpg 




 Pasta - 2 cups flour (plus more to dust), 2 eggs, 1 yolk, 1 tsp salt.  Processed in a food processor and cut with a hand crank roller.  

Pancetta - salt cure for 12 days.  Desalination for 36 hours.  Seasoned and hung for 3 weeks.

To make the dish.  Heat a saute pan hot hot hot.  Drop your pasta in boiling water.  Fry pancetta in a dry pan until slightly fonded and then add oil.  Fry until crisp and remove from pan, reserving fat.  In a stainless steel, warm bowl, crack an egg with 1 tsp minced garlic, punch of chopped parsley, punch of parm.  Mix and then slowly add in hot fat to create an emulsion.  Add pasta and toss.  Garnish with more parm, chopped parsley, and crisp pancetta. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2vkpef/fresh_fettuccine_carbonara_with_hatch_green_chile/ 









 My house!  I'm up in SF and currently making myself a carbonara ;) 














 "They will offer a stage to anyone..."
 
Trues words couldn't be said.  I was just looking at the "about" section of a local $25 ala cart entree restaurant that was doomed to fail from the beginning.  It lists all the places that he staged at.  I want to go in there and ask him if he can teach me how to pick herbs... 




 You we're yelled at for a 1/2 hour and you feel you're being treated unfairly?  Would you care to explain why in the fuck you are still working there?  If you're as good as you say, just go get another job.  You don't have to put up with that BS and shouldn't. 




 Please explain to me how my employee, who is producing product at a rate of $x/hr in profit, is costing me money.

Edit to add...

I was talking about hourly wages of labor.  Not the fact that people lie, cheat, and steal.  




 Labor is neglible if you are producing efficiently.   




 Well fuck that person then... 




 Maybe the reason to not be there is inside the brick and mortar?  And maybe (depending on your position in the place) the guy did call.  Wouldn't be the first time a manager or an owner lied to their employees.... 




 The Blowhard 3000 is also a perfect mushroom drying rack too! 




 100% I've been using his cardboard box smoker anywhere I don't have mine.  That man is a junkyard genius.  I opened this thread to see if someone had posted about the Blowhard 3000. 




 Also, if you drink alcohol, you can take a couple of tablespoons and dump it into a bottle of unflavored vodka and let it sit for a couple of weeks.  Filter it through cheesecloth or a fine mesh strainer and you'll have lemon vodka for drinks.  Another great use for the meyers is to make Lemoncello, which is fairly easy to do if you know anything about cooking... 




 One tsp per cup of sugar.  Shake it up and leave it in the cupboard for a few weeks.  Give it to people.  Perfect for frostings, cookies, tea sugar, etc.

Preserved lemons.  Lemon curd.  Sprinkle the dust over bowls of mixed fruit salad.  Lemon zest is also something that can be used extensively (in proper amounts) for pasta dishes. 




 Santa Fe, NM.  $50K+, 20 hours a week.  Private chef, recipe development, and restaurant consultant. 




 Try $240k ;)

But still a steal IMO... 




 No shit huh?  I stopped and ate at that place years back.  Now, when you want to talk about remote, that place is about it. 




 That is gorgeous.   




 there are a Handful of rooms sectioned off with several bathrooms.  One of the things I thought of when I looked at the space was some additional kind of production for grocery stores.  It is basically Halfway between Albuquerque and Denver.  I know for a fact that shipping pickup either way is easy and relatively cheap based upon previous work.   Just a restaurant can be made sustainable to make payments and a living, anything else would be gravy.

I see so much oppertinity in the place for the right person and little investment.  It is too bad that nobody really wants to do small town America anymore.  Then again, maybe someone will swoop this place up and do it right... 




 They want to sell it lock and key.  However, it has been on the market long enough that they would just like to get it to someone else and have mentioned that they would take a reasonable down and a % of sales until paid.  I believe that they just want to have someone else invest in the community. 




 I'm not the owner.  Just someone who has walked through of the property and has chatted with the realtor.  This was about 5 months ago.  They can't get anyone to take the property.  If we were ten years older with kids, we would jump on this place.  But the rural lifestyle isn't for us, we are actually looking to move back to the city.  However, I know for many people, this is a dream.

Random place in the middle of fucking nowhere.  Raton, NM has a population under 7K on I-25 between Santa Fe NM and Denver, CO.  In all honesty, a prime location that someone could make a mint at.  Simply because it is just off the interstate in the middle of nowhere and with social media, it would be easy to drive traffic.

There are so many benefits to this property is is crazy.  A rancher just across the way with organic certification who raises pig, cow, chicken, and goat.  Multiple hippie farms in the area growing veg.  The community would kill for an awesome cook to move into town and set up shop.  For what it is, this place could be had for a steal IMO.

It is right on a main shipping route corridor.  Traffic count on the freeway is huge.  The area is beautiful with great access to skiing, back packing, mushroom hunting, and everything else landlocked outdoors.  The kitchen has brand new stainless.  There are buildings to spare.  Which, to me would mean two things.  Smokehouse and curing room.

This place isn't for everyone, but it is looking for a new home.  Maybe I'm just trying to pay it forward in helping someone else out.  Or maybe I'm just killing time until the next piece of wood needs to hit the coals...

Happy smoking saturday r/bbq!

http://santafe.craigslist.org/bfs/4865647772.html
 




 ....and this is why I quit doing fine dining. 




 Thanks.  It is my goal to take the knowledge I've accumulated and out it into a PDF cookbook/reference guide for ya'll.  You too can make sandwiches like this! 




 Crusty hoagie roll and yes. 




 RI?  You have me mistaken for someone else... 




 Thanks.  You have to take extra special care in cutting the hinge, otherwise you can't eat your sammich with one hand! 




 Not usually.  I hate throwing food out ;) 




 Sing it with me!  "Hoagies and grinders, hoagies and grinders..." 









 Proportions?  It'll be in the book ;)

I typically make about a half gallon at a time.  It keeps at least 2 weeks, probably about 3 if stored correctly.  I've never had it go bad or mold... 




 farmers cheese

http://i.imgur.com/ppMxSFg.jpg 




 Colby, sharp white cheddar, med orange cheddar, pepper jack, pecorino, parm, mozz, dry farmers. 









 Yep.  Ya do. 









 That is one of the best ideas for a pool ever. 




 Fuck the knife.  I care about the table. 




 Grub on!  But why would you stand there and take a picture of a guy using a serrated blade on a stainless steel table? 




 You can stop talking about federal and state funding.  The argument behind it is invalid.  Simply because we already place those funds in other areas.  The money is currently allotted.  It is about application of resources.

It is called capitalism and economics inside the manufacturing process.  For sometime, solar has been at the break even point.  However, because it hasn't been inside the consumer marketplace, you can't even discuss how profitable it is.  The simple fact (and this comes directly out of the mouths of the manufactures) that over half of the built solar technology never sees the sun, refutes the claim that it isn't "profitable."  We honestly don't know if it is, or isn't.

But tell me this.  How can you say is not profitable, when I/you/Joe Blow can outfit a house to be off the electrical grid here, pretty much anywhere in NM, for around $10K in material?  Would you like to rephrase your statement and say that solar isn't profitable for the companies that currently run our energy exchanges?  Or would you like to hold onto the stance of being a fucking dumbass? 




 By Crom all mighty man, in New Mexico liquor licenses sell starting at 50K and push up to 500K.  Depending on where and what kind.  And that ain't even the tax.  That is just the permission to sell.  Or you can opt to lease them from the private holder (if allowed by the state) to the tune of $3-5K monthly and then pay the state an operation + sales tax on top of it.  I say, $25k?  Do it and consider yourself lucky.   




 As long as the old guard is in power, we won't have things like this.  The current NM administration is against alternatives to fossil fuels and will fight them every step of the way.

For example.  When the new Walmart was proposed to be built in Santa Fe, there was a community cry to demand that if construction was to be built, that water cisterns and solar panels be required on the building.  It was in traction in the city and county.  Martinez's team came in and squashed it. 




 Yeah, about that.  This is a misconception based upon information that is 30 years old.  Just FYI. 




 Less than that. Like 4:1?   




 To a certain extent, yes.  Can you control the environment in that way?  No.  It is a good trick for at home use, I do it all the time.  For those experimenting and getting a hang of how salt works, it is a good trick.  However, I would call the consistency of the mush I make to be wet salt, rather than salted water. 




 Most states allow for curing on site and selling directly via retail, but have different provisions for wholesale.  Standard safety procedures and they don't care about pink nothing.

Start with bacon and pancetta first.  Salt box cures, smokes, and short hangs.  Easy easy.  Move to duck prosciutto.  These 3 cures you can do open air in your garage if you like. Than move to coppa and other small whole muscle.  After that, start dealing with grinds.

You can set up a curing chamber for under $350 if you have a suitable fridge.  Double doors are best, but a beverage fridge works just fine. Don't have one? grab a refab for $200.  Just make sure the seals are good.  If you need instructions to build one and where to order the humidifiers and what not, let me know.

This shit is a science. But is has also been happening in caves along the seashore of the Mediterranean for ages. As others have said, you can kill people.  But chances are that you won't.

Don't bullshit with the nitrate and nitrites.  They are necessary.  They are dangerous.  But don't listen to anyone tell you that they are bad for you.  Science says otherwise and some quick research will help you educate others on the matter.

Curing meat is fun. 




 Sure sure.  Some people can do that.  It is quite rare though.  However, I highly doubt your internet toughness since you can't format or spell... 




 Fucking whatever.  Wages are so low because people like you accept them. 




 what the fuck did you just say? 




 What to call this?  A reason to learn how to cook? 




 or maybe he doged a bullet because he doesn't live to work. 




 Reccomendations please!  I'm headed that way at the end of March :) 




 Why?
 




 Hot pastrami with kraut. 




 I don't understand how it would be strange.  I'm in New Mexico and all the good "native" food here is a cross between spanish and mexican.   




 St. Louis and Decatur. Been there 60+ years.  They rip off drunks, tourists, and lawyers alike.  That place is legit.  




 In all honesty, both. 



















 The general rule is that if you show up with baked goods or a casserole and are willing to move some wood, you are welcome by the fire.  I've met a bunch distant family out there... 




 Now that is something I feel to be completely within the real of reason.  I've been trying to explain such things to my vegetarian girlfriend.  She doesn't get it. 




 Bigger piece had just been washed of a green chile cure.

Top white - preserved lemon salt pork

Middle Black - Hatch Green Chile "pancetta"

Bottom red - Chimayo Red Chile rubbed and cold smoked 




 Not much.  Bigger piece is about 2 1/2.  So I'd say somewhere between 4-5 total.   




 Every time I stop by her place, she hands me a jar.  I never know what kind it is until we check the notebook.  The jars are pulled off the shelf in the back room where there are hundreds more, all waiting for hands like mine.  Mom is a real gem.  No one goes without and while we can talk about barter, she always says the best trade you can give is some more room in your heart for her and to share your bounty with others.  I wish there were more people like this in the world.

http://i.imgur.com/uVTEItk.jpg 









 Dammit!  Now you have me questioning my sensibilities... 




 I attempt to live my life Swason approved.  Tomorrow I will go buy another whole belly to get my standards up. 




 I don't want to over complicate anything or try 15 different attempts to get these right.  Simply because I probably will never make these again.  There is so much just terrible BS online of what people call good, it is hard to sift.  I'm hoping someone can go *poof* here you go! 




 I pulled the piece on the left out of salt a bit ago to desalinate.  And I realized, while I finished off another end piece last night, I still had 3 other pieces in the fridge...  









 A friends mom passed away suddenly and I was asked if I could make scones for the reception next week.  I have no clue what I'm doing in those regards.  I'm a trained and accomplished cook, but baking vegan food is off my radar.  Any help would be greatly appreciated... 




 That is just impressive.  I mean, I understand the other posters questions of how/where/why and all that.  I mean, the first thing that went through my head was "Where in the hell did that happen and why was I not there?"

I mean, holy hell.  That is absolutely not necessary.  But I can't believe how awesome it is.

The only real question I think should be addressed is how can that be wrapped in bacon? 




 A couple of other pics from the making...

http://i.imgur.com/nCBRS66b.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/fCX6Oyub.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/I91T0Ydb.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/auWCp5Vs.jpg

 




 I'm making posole with red chile rubbed and smoked chicken thighs and green chile smoked lardons.  So far, all the components are fairly fantastic... 









 I'm not going to go thru to many details in a public forum nor via reddit PM.  Do you have an online portfolio of places you've opened/flipped/fixed?  PM me an email and we can take it there...

How would you feel if I told you that with a little help I could walk into any market, tailor a restaurant to the local demographic, and start turning a profit in short order?  Having a large market such as LA   SD, are you looking to keep that vicinity?  Or are you willing to branch? 




 Where are you located?
 




 About?
 




 Thanks!  And I'll tell you the same thing as everyone else who tells me I should be slinging grub out of a shop - if you have $100K you want to float to open a restaurant, I'll either pay you back 10 points in 2 years or double your money in 5.  Your choice.  No BS and for real.  I can provide the numbers for it.  If ya got it and you're interested, lets talk :)

In short, yes I have an extensive culinary background... 




 I'm currently in Santa Fe.  I'm getting ready to move somewhere to open a sandwich shop or truck.  Dunno where yet though.  In the meantime, I'm in the process of writing a couple of cookbooks. One being about sandwiches from scratch. 




 Next time, crack up the heat on your press by 50 degrees.  Before it hits the press, throw it on the cool side of your flat top.  Toss a bowl over it and steam that fucker for a minute on each side.  Then, brush it with butter and put it in the press.  

Two things will happen, both of which will give you a better sandwich.  One, your cheese will be melted and it will be hot through.  Two.  You will get a nice crispy and brown butter crust on the bread.  Seriously, give it a try.  This technique will enhance your skills/palate as a cook and simply improve your life through better sandwiches.  No bullshit.  If you would like verification that I know what the fuck I talk about...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Well, I'm going to have to do something like that.  I didn't realize people would want something like this.  Folks are even offering to pay me and I'm all, fuck man, I just want to make some snacks... 




 That is basically what I've been working on. 




 Carbonated water. 




 Ummm.....  I just winged it.  Something like this...

1 and 1/2 pound cheese (I had chvre, cream, and goat ricotta in the fridge)

4 eggs

3 or 4 T cream to thin if needed

Seasoning (fine herbs, savory, etc)

Bake at 350 in a half blind baked tarts shell until set and lightly browned, approx 30-35 min. 




 I do restaurant consulting, recipe development, and private chef/catering work.  Plus I teach food, foraging, and work with local ranchers and farmers min/maxing their productions.  I work, but not for other people and only on my terms.  I'm just blessed with a girl who is happy to pay my daily rate to keep me home ;)

However.  She would eat like that every day regardless if I still pulled 50hr weeks.  I like food and believe everyone should eat well.   




 I'll tell you what.  I'm in the process of finishing up a couple of cookbooks.  One of em is to be tailored to Redditors/office workers specifically on this topic, based upon all the work I've done for my girl over the last 2 years.  Writing a book on the matter wasn't something I wanted to do, it was requested from her coworkers and from some random redditors.

I currently have it slimmed down to 60 different boxed lunches with recipes for them all, 5 items in each lunch (300 recipes).  I'd like to trim it down to about half that.  If you're interested in getting a copy when I'm done, PM me and I'll add your name to the list of recipients.  It will be in PDF and tablet formats and I'm hoping to have it done in the next 6-8 weeks. 




 I'd like to think so.  But it is part of our deal.  She likes having a personal chef at home, I don't want to work for other people.  We both seem to be making out well with this arrangement... 




 Think about single serving water bottles as ice blocks (20oz bottles work best for me).  They will keep a lunchbox sized cooler cold for a day and you don't have to worry about the blue freeze packs leeking fluid.

What you are asking about is something that I do daily for my GF.  Down to the fact that she doesn't have a fridge at work, but a nuke.  She works 12-14hr shifts, so I send her a lot of grub.  Today, I sent a piece of goat cheese quiche, mixed fruit salad, hummus and tzatziki with dipping veg, applesauce, sloppy joe mix, bubble water, and chocolate truffles.

I write weeks of menus for her at a time.  If you need ideas, shout away... 




 Hanging over the kitchen sink.  That is straight up legit. 




 you are almost correct.  however, it is fett.  i also don't want to offend the internet police and call something a carbonara that has vegetables in it... 




 That cheese is softened by indirect heat.  It is melted. 









 Sure sure.  But just because you know how to cook an omelette, it doesn't mean that you know how, or should be trusted, to raise hens.  You simply don't have the experience to do so. 




 You've been trying to interview for jobs since you were 10?  And people don't take you seriously?  You're going to claim 12 years experience at 22?  Experience in what?  Stacking boxes?   




 This pic is how I rack a piece of meat (no more than 2 inches) to air cure for more than 24 hours without a humidifier.  Make sure the pepper/seasoned crust is nice and tight.  Hit the meat and the salt in the pan with a spray mister ever other day.  As long as you have your ratios proper and the temp is under 55, you're good like this.  Duck breast is 1 day down, 4 or 5 days up using this method.  I've taken pork belly up to a month.  Rib eyes do well like this too. 




 http://i.imgur.com/nR0dtNq.jpg 




 Don't be scared.  It's not rocket science.  Don't fuck with the humidifier in the garage, it's not worth it.  Specifically if you have things that you don't want damp.  I can help you set it up to where you can slide a pan onto a shelf and you're good.  If you're interested.  As long as you have an under 55 degree room, a child can set it up to do open air month long cures.  I mean, if they can read.  I always tell people that if you can bake cookies you can make bacon AND beer.

I've been curing meat in my garage, spare bedrooms, fridges, chambers, at salumi makers, and hanging up in a damn tree outside in the middle of winter for years.  Don't be scared.  Worse thing that is going to happen (if you're not a fucking dumbass) is you get a little belly gurgle.  Live a little.  Take a fucking chance.  People have been dealing with food this way for thousands of years.  I don't understand why people are so afraid of germs and bacteria.  Don't be afraid of Darwin.  Know and understand him and you'll do just fine ;)

Smokehouse.  You said a magic word there.  That is a different beast all together, 100%.  But, it is some of the same principles.  And if you still have access to a smokehouse, good for you.  That is a piece of history and Americana that most people have never even heard of.  And yet was a staple on every farm until the early 1900's... 




 Well, it depends on if you think you know what you're doing.  But people have being doing stranger things with their cured meats for a lot longer than you've been thinking about it.  I mean, seriously.  Think about the conditions people have been doing this kind of preserving in around the Mediterranean.  For thousands of years.  It has only been the last 100 years or so that we've had any kind of hard scientific data on all of it. 




 Under 45 for some time now.  It bottomed out at 34 a couple of weeks ago when it was seriously fucking cold out. 
























 SF would be where I'm cooking all this wonderful food... 




 Well kick ass, thanks. 




 This. 




 I'm a convert. More green than red, but I'll use some red from time to time. 




 That is one of the greatest things I've seen today.   




 I'm neither from Texas or the South.  I like good 'q. 




 this is what you do with eye of round IMO...

http://i.imgur.com/g6GFnN4.jpg 




 http://i.imgur.com/g6GFnN4.jpg 









 That is the beauty.  Forced fan circulation, temp dial on top.  The only thing mine lacks is a timer.  I opted to not buy the one with the built in timer ($50 extra?  more?) and picked up an appliance timer from the hardware store for $10.

The only thing I've noticed, when run at 150 or at the max of 160, the things closer to the heating element do dry faster and you need to pay attention.  But at 140 or lower?  No need to touch it.  Maybe need to leave a rack out of a batch in for an extra hour due to how it was cut.  But if you slice it the same thickness, you're golden.

The only complaint I have is cleaning the racks.  They are somewhat of a pain, but that is the only drawback IMO. 




 I can't rave enough about my box man.  I've cranked so much out of it you'd shake your head.  I typically get 2-3# for each round and takes about 8-10hrs to do a batch.  If I set myself up correctly, I can get my total hands on time per pound of jerky down to about 10 minutes.

I hear you on the liquid smoke.  Here's a trick that you might find suitable.  Smoke your salt and/or your other dry spice.  You can control how much and what you put in at that point. If you already have smoking capacity, there is almost always room left over in the chamber for a pan of salt. 




 The dried melon was a fluke.  Had a melon that was going to go bad and I don't have a juicer. Figured what the hell, why not.  I hated it.  Turned out that dehydrated melon ground fine and mixed in with castor sugar makes for a nice homemade "dye" however.  Same with buttercream.  But you have to use a lot and then mask/alter the flavor.

However. The spoiled pups they are got their paws on some and loved it.  It's a good and healthy balance for them with the jerky I figure, and they love it.  Dried plantain chips too.  Boxed cookies or bagged treats are a rare and extra special treat for them.  I make most all their snacks. 




 eye of round. 




 Hey!  I just made up a batch of jerky yesterday.  Check the thread.  If you're looking for the best bang for your buck in regards to making jerky and have it be a "set it and forget it" operation, I got the ticket for ya...

http://www.reddit.com/r/Charcuterie/comments/2xbcqv/some_days_you_just_make_jerky/ 




 I'm looking for homemade or regional specific.  I didn't grow the chile, but it's local. I roasted, dried, ground, and then mixed it all.  

Now you're in Chicago.  Which means that you have some kick ass relish and all that.  I've visited. Problem is glass and shipping.  Gotta survive a week in the hands of USPS... 




 http://www.amazon.com/Flash-Pan-Death-American-Restaurant/dp/1439193770 




 http://i.imgur.com/JW7ndtt.jpg?1

WTF imgur?  why is that shit sideways? 




 I have an excalibur box as well.  I love it.  I run it at 145.  Jerky is sliced about 1/4" thick.

After the first time using it, I loved it so much I bought another one.  I just looked at it at, but there is no model# on the top.  Standard home use box, but NSF grade.  9 shelf.  Cost like $400 or 500 about 5 years ago?  I know they've dropped in price.  Great investment.  Fucking great investment.  I use it to proof bread and yeast dough.  Dogs love dried melon.

For anyone serious about cooking at home, this box is right up there with a Kitchen Aid Mixer and the Cuisinart Food Processor for being the dollar for dollar workhorse that you'll swear by for the rest of your life.  It ain't cheap, but worth every penny.

If you don't have a mandolin, my suggestion to maximize your use of that box.  That and crystallized citric acid to make water baths with.  For apples and other things you can dip in water to prevent oxi from happening.

http://www.amazon.com/Oneida-Polished-Mandolin-Interchangable-Slicer/dp/B0009HHZ20/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1425058060 sr=8-1 keywords=oneida+mandoline 




 I do realize that there might be a "redditgifts" for things like this.  However, after a not very cool experience trying to participate in a couple of gift exchanges, fuck that noise.  And I might be biting myself in the ass trying to trust the internet again...
 




 Who would like to swap hometown/local boxes of goodness?  I'm specifically looking for someone to send me some New England maple sugar.  None of that Canadian crap.  WE ALL KNOW WHO HAS THE SUPERIOR TREES!

Below is a box I'm sending out to a fellow redditor, per my offer.  If anyone else out there is willing to put together a box of similar awesome, I'd love to do some trading.  Amazon is great.  So is the grocery.  However, I know there are a lot of people out there making shelf stable, kick ass things which can be thrown in a flat rate box.  Any takers?  




contents

- Roasted Autumn Hatch Green Chile (med.) taco seasoning mix 

- Smoked Chimayo Red (med.) taco seasoning mix

- Ground Sandia Red Chile (mild)

- Pinion smoked salt

- Hatch Green, ground (med.)

- Hatch Red, ground (very hot)

- Hatch Crushed Red with extra seed (very hot)

http://i.imgur.com/JW7ndtt.jpg?1

PS Canadians.  We love you.  But you have a Maple Syrup Cartel.  And international shipping is expensive ;) 




 Delicious. 




 I've got access to high desert Pinion honey and Green Chile Honey! 




 No. I just hit bammer patches last year. I still have about a gallon and a half of dried lobsters too... 




 Jerky ain't fancy and it's easy if you have basics - cookie cooling racks, sheet pans, oven.  A dehydrator is better of course.  Simple jerky you just let sit over night in the goodness and then pan it up over night before you go to bed.  Turn the oven on the lowest setting and crack the door.

You'll have to play with the thickness of the meat VS the temp of your oven (you want 140F and circulating if possible), but it is easy to figure out how to put it in the oven before bed and pull it when you get up in the morning for work.  You start doing that and bringing it to the office and people will lose their shit and start offering you money for it.  Jerky is what bacon aspires to be.

The hard part is finding a decent cut at a good price.  I happen to own a slicer, so it makes life easy.  However, if you bribe the guy at the meat counter, they'll typically slice up a bunch for you if they are not busy.  

In short, this shit is easy, yo!  You should make some to give to some of the important people in your wedding.  Unless the photographer is a veg head, I couldn't think of a better tip myself... 




 Not in the slightest, especially if it's in a liquid meri.  Just cut it a little extra thick, low and slow and make sure you set a timer.  Then again though, I've got a very nice box that I love the hell out of which gives me perfect jerky every time. 




 It's mainly for other people.  The salt and pepper is for the dogs.  I already had dehydrator going with half that sheet pans worth of S P dog snacks as well.  They are quite spoiled.

I need to remember to leave a bag for the mailman too... 




 I almost did, but I've already got pork in brine in the fridge and can't fit another bucket... 




 all eye of round.  no trim involved, just remove the fat cap and slice.   




 And just to be clear, I said no wellington because most people would just look at the cut and say that without knowing what it was. 




 Oh I know the cut.  It was just figuring out what to do with the rest of it.  Thanks for stating a proper breading technique.  Better than the hammer for this one is the needler, which I don't have.  But am going to pick up tomorrow because I want to do it right, since most of it will be frozen in parchment wraps.   




 Smoked Red Chile

Salt and pepper

Hatch Green

In the bucket is Christian's #1 jerky.  It is delicious and some of the best I've ever made.   









 Eye or round is practically the best cut of meat to make jerky from.  One, it's shaped.  Two, there is little to no silver skin and the only fat is the cap.  Three, it's cheap as fuck, but not the cheapest cut of the cow.

It is also a cut of meat that if prepared properly, is fork tender.

Top to bottom

Smoked Red Chile Chimayo

Salt and Pepper

Hatch Green Chile

In the gallon bucket is Christians #1.

http://i.imgur.com/vFmTmDp.jpg 




 Tacos are on the list.  I hadn't thought about pulling the crock out yet.  I think that will finish it.

I've cut and pounded 12 portions worth for chicken fried steak.  This going to be my favorite part thing I'm doing with it all.

I took all the fat from the trim and ground it through the robocoup with another chunk.  I have about 2 quarts of that chilling in the cooler to get it ready to run through the stuffer.  I think 15-18 pieces of 12" stick to smoke and then run through the dehydrator.

One 5# chunk for roast beef sandwiches and another 3# for strogonoff.  This is after the gallons of sliced jerky I've gone through.  Tacos and all the rest of the scrap into the crockpot it goes.  Good call, thanks! 




 Stroganoff.  Good call.  I've got gallons of dried porcini from last fall in the pantry.  I can't believe I didn't think of that.  I also just found a package of 1/2" diamater casing in the freezer.  I should run a bunch through the grinder and fill it for sticks.   




 I have no problem just breaking it all down into jerky.  For myself, the dogs, or my friends.  But figured I've got all this, I should at least make something else.  Normally, I would make some Bresaola, but we're planning a move out of state and I don't want to start anymore long cure projects.

http://i.imgur.com/Ow0td03.jpg 




 A fan. 




 Best line ever.  "For breakfast it was a teaser, 5 piles of bacon." 




 So does the 99.  But that place reeks of ammonia.

Edit to add, notice I said they have pieces.  Not whole belly! 




 http://i.imgur.com/KLaChb4.jpg

I've made the offer before.  PM me a snail mail address and I'll mail ya a few ounces in the post of some dried ground Hatch Green Medium from this last season.  I've got plenty, don't worry about it.   




 "Hold my beer..." 




 You should.  Their pieces are skin on and run about $3.79lb.  They are small pound and a half to two pound chunks, which are perfect for doing batch learning at home.  And not too expensive when you're done with it with very little waste.  

Other than that, the main component you'll need is Kosher Salt. Morton's 3# boxes are what I buy.  Everywhere has it, Target of all places has it cheapest.  Iodized salt is bad to cook with and it is not to be used in curing.  Please repeat that last statement with me :)

Also.  If you want pink salt (insta cure #2), the only places that I can think of that would have it on hand are The Alpine Sausage Kitchen and Nelson Meats?  Maybe one of the higher end Italian Kitchens in the area?  Check with them.  Other than that, you're talking mail order.  Alternatively, if you're serious about making bacon this weekend, I'm doing a Sunport run either Friday or Saturday and could meet up and pass you some.  Also, if you're in SF, shout.  It is important stuff and don't listen to the hippies who don't know shit on the subject.

I like helping people develop their cooking skills. 




 Yep.  It is fairly easy.  Bury it in spice and salt for a few days, rinse it, and smoke.  I cold smoke mine so I can cook it how I like later.  If you search my submissions by /r/bacon or /r/charcuterie  category, you'll find a bunch of different pieces I've made and random comments about how I've made each.  There are also a ton of other threads and links to blogs and what not on the subject to in the subs.  It is worth digging through, cause making your own bacon is the best.

It's honestly really easy.  If you like and can source pig belly, I'd be happy to walk you through it.  If you're in ABQ, I'll tell you to pick up a chunk of belly at Talin.  Cheapest and best cut for what it is in the area that I know of.  After that, all you need are gallon zip locks, salt, pink salt, spice, a fridge and patience.   




 My house.  I'm in Santa Fe. 




 If ya like.  I'm happy to pick up a USPS small flat rate box and throw $15-20 of chile in it.  But only if you promise to do something of the like in return of specialty from where you're at!  Or my addy will be with the box and you can just snail mail me $20 ;) 




 Chimayo Chile is easy.  All that shit is dried, yo!  Got an address?  OP mails! 




 Word up, thank you so much.  I'm coming out to listen to some music in March and that place in now on the list. 




 Some things do look like shit because I give a fuck about plating.  However, the shit that I make and feed my dogs is usually of higher quality and of standard than what you normally see.  And I can pull out of my fridge better food than what you pay for.

Does that sound bitter?  No.  It's just that I don't give a fuck.  I mean, I don't know what to tell you.  Constructive criticism is one thing.  Rude remarks are something entirely different.  Me speaking blatant truth is another.  

But then again, I'm addressing someone who is a ghost and can't create or offer up anything.  So I'll just simply be completely fine with telling you to go fuck yourself.  Is that bitter?  No, I'm just an asshole with to much time on my hands today...

cheers! 




 Those look great.  The mush and egg combo is a favorite of mine as well.  Something that I keep on hand for the "plain" cheese pizza is mushroom dust.  Dried porcini or morels or whatever and run them through the spice grinder.  Sprinkle over the melted cheese or on the buttered/oiled crust straight out of the oven and there is enough heat to instantly caramelize and release all the mushy goodness.  We call it as the mushroom crack.  It is significantly better with more aroma and flavor then that shitty man made truffle oil everyone loves.  However, expensive to keep on hand if you are not hunting or cultivating your own mushrooms...

edit...  my favorite mush dust crack is - 1 C ground porcini, 3 T mortons kosher ground fine, 1 T fine ground black pepper, 1/2 tsp granulated garlic, 1/2 tsp powdered onion.  It is like magic on steak.   




 and a pic of some of it cooked.  I need to make me a sandwich!

http://i.imgur.com/3NhuscH.jpg 









 Who in your opinion has the best sandwiches in town?  Taking everything into account.  Can you eat it with one hand? While driving? Cost? Size? Deliciousness?  How long is the wait? 




 This was the snack before hand...

http://i.imgur.com/1xyvx40.jpg 




 I did years back, never liked it.  More novelty than effect from what I remember.  The kids that I know who are doing hemp beers are actually using trim in the wort for nose and flavor.  Then adding in small quantities of potent infused moonshine for effect.  Yes, they are actually stilling it themselves with a 5 liter capacity boiler for some reason rather than just buying ever-clear.  Fucking hipsters man.  When they told me that, I was just like you have got to be kidding me...

I've never tried it, they're in CO and there is NO regulation for any of it.  They say they've been making this "beginners beware beer" and it just makes me chuckle.  I'm sure it is, but hell.  That is probably the last thing we need on the market.  Just throw in several thousand mg's of caffeine and that shit will make 4-LOKO bust a nut :) 




 Hey hey now!  Making me make phone calls and shit.  I had to double back on that and good eye.  I called my friend that makes the chile beer and he says correct.  He throws dried chile in with the hop satchel for pils.  It is the pepporinchi he throws in the heffie during the last couple of days of aging.

I used to brew hard for many years.  1.5 bbl batches out of a homemade build.  But I had to give up the beer sometime ago in favor of the herb, it helps me be less of an asshole.  It is funny, doing something long enough, but not having it done in a while, it still makes you think like you know your shit.  Basics don't change, you just usually miss a step or two... 




 I like making her happy.  I'm a basically a housewife with no kids, so I'll pretty much make whatever keeps me in her good graces ;)

However, it does help that I'm somewhat skilled in the kitchen.  I will say though, that risotto was stellar.  I'm fairly hard on food and my cooking in general.  But I was quite happy with how it turned out.  Next menu I put together, some form of this will be on it.  

Very very simple.  Take a blank/white risotto and fold in a puree.  The puree was simply bnut squash and compound butter.  No cream or cheese.  Is this the place where I mention saffron, green chile, and years of practice?  The trick is to cook the rice correctly.  It takes a half hour and lots of attention.  Once you have that down, you're golden to add in whatever you like. 




 That is a great call.  One of the guys I know here has done bunch of juniper stuff.  You shoukd try throwing in a fresh green chile during the dry hop of a heffie or a pils.  Or even during the barrel age.  Might change your life :) 




 I grew up there.  Used to drink off the vat at Bridgeport.  I'm more excited about the potential to go back to hunting the mushrooms.  Down here in the high desert, we ain't got nothing but more of the nothing... 




 You are not paid to fix their shit.  They don't see it as broken.  Get out.  Or if you come to them and be all" I can do this...," you better either be prepared to put it in front of them via numbers and writing or to grab your shoes as you walk out the back door.

No owner, especially a small business owner wants to be told they are doing shit wrong.  Even if they are.  It doesn't matter (usually) that you can get their product for 1/2 the price.  It is not your shop, not your shit.

I do professionally what you are talking about doing.  It is amazing the amount of people who want to do it their way.  The problem is that while they might be the boss/owner/money,what they do isn't always the right way.  Espicially if they operate in ways which are not maxing out their profit.

Untrained employees are a sure sign of a failing business or one that will fail shortly.  There is nothing you can do about it.  Reality sucks for people... 




 Will you be using knives?

Dress for the job you want, not the one you have.  Keep checks, shoes, and a knife roll in the car... 




 You're out in Bend if I remember correctly?  I' taking my GF to the airport so she can land at PDX this evening for an interview.  If we make the move, I'm gunna be stoked to come check it out!

But this looks Lots and lots better than what you had posted before.  Good for you for taking people's advice and helping yourself in the long run.  This looks much, much more profitable and more along the lines of how you said you want to approach and engage the community.  Kudos!
 




 Butternut squash risotto with grilled bnut.

Balsalmic and red wine glazed sweet potato

Cider and champange vinegar glazed rainbow carrots.

Needs bacon. 









 Kick ass!  I couldn't find it in the thread.   You seem to be in the know about the sandwich.  If you are ever passing through New Mexico, give a shout and I'll make ya a snack.  If you check my submissions, you'll see I'm fairly serious about good, homemade sandwiches. 




 The real question is, did OP make it.  Or did they just eat it? 




 Thanks and fair enough.  I hate plating.  I'm a cook.  Not a photographer.  The only reason I started taking pics was that I didn't need to write down recipes that way.  I can just look at it and be like "this was how I made it."  At this point in time, I should ne taking better shots simply because I know better.  I think it's because I'm lazy and really hate most of the plates I own. 









 I don't drink, but roll me up a fatty please!
 




 The run down on how I make my carbonara is in the following thread.  The gnocchi I'm just gunna say, make gnocchi.  I mill potatoes and then add egg and flour until it is the right consistency...

http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2wh71s/i_will_never_grow_tired_of_carbonara_with_peas/cosi03r?context=3 




 No worries, no worries.  Now I've been wondering. 




 Calories?  WTF?  I have no idea what you're talking about.  I don't deal with calories.  I just make a bowl of grub and call it snack time. 




 Dinner?  Sure, but this is starting to be one of my go to breakfast dishes anymore.  Frozen gnocchi is a beautiful thing.

  









 I mix my carb in a bowl, not in the pan.  Here are the steps.  Probably more detail than you'd like or expect, I've just been making this dish professionaly for many years now and it is one of my favorites to teach people.  The same way every time and it is always spot on.  Once you've got this dish down, I'll walk you through how to make the pancetta if you like...

Take a large stainless steel mixing bowl and throw the following inside...

1 large egg, a large hand full fresh grated parm (a Microplane is preference for tool), three finger pinch of chopped parsley, a couple of rounds off the pepper mill, and pinch crushed red pepper.  Take a pair of metal tongs and beat the hell out of this mix to make a wet paste.

I take this bowl and set it to the side of the stove or on the top back rail just to incorporate as much heat as slowly as possible into the egg mix.

Drop your 5 or 6 minute pasta.  Or start your pancetta at the 6 minute mark of your pasta.

As a side note.  I keep a bin of par cooked penne/rig/mac/farf in the fridge almost at all times.  30 seconds in salted boiling water and you have perfect pasta for whatever sauce you have on hand.  Stored properly, it keeps for almost a week after cooking it.  But don't bother doing this with angel hair or spag or any other type of long thin noodle pasta.  Shit only takes 5 minutes anyway.

Drop your pasta.  Heat a saute to hot hot.  Add your pancetta to the DRY pan.  After some of the fat starts to leach and you start to get a good crisp fond on 2 of the sides of each lardon, add a little bit of olive oil to coat and saute until desired crispiness.

Remove the bacon from the pan, reserving the fat/oil and straining off as much of the carbon in the fat as you can.  You need approx 1/3 C of the fat/oil mix.  If you do not have enough, add EVOO.  After the fat has been reserved and started to slightly cool, add 1/2 tsp shallot and 1/2 tsp minced garlic so it toasts.  

The cooking of the pancetta, pulling it from the pan, and reserving the bacon fat should leave you with about one minute of cook time on your pasta.  This process should take no more than 5 minutes.  You must keep your fat hot during this time and  you *must not* burn your garlic.  It will ruin the dish.

Now the hard part.  The bowl with the egg and cheese.  Beat that shit hard with your tongs while you slowly work in your HOT fat.  Not too hot to curdle your egg, but hot enough to melt the cheese and cook and thin the egg.  Essentially you end up with this hollindaise type hot mayo.

Immediately pull your pasta after the emulsion is made and into the bowl it goes.  A little of the starchy pasta water is wanted, not much.  But not dry noodles, it helps thin the sauce to coat the pasta.  Now toss a punch of parsley, half the reserved bacon, and your frozen peas.  Twirl your pasta into a bowl, hit it with the rest of the bacon, more parsley, and cover in parm.

This dish is meant to be eaten immediately.  Don't make it for lunch tomorrow.  I mean, it'll heat up just fine.  But will be inferior on so many levels.

cheers! 




 No worries.  The GF tried giving me a hard time the last plate she saw me eat and was all "there is no cream in it!" 




 1oz parm - 8 grams fat

4oz pancetta - 24 grams fat

.25 oz parsley - 0 fat

1 egg - 5 grams fat

3.5 oz pasta - 1.75 grams fat


Based upon a 2000 calorie or an 80 gram of fat daily intake, I'd say that half of my daily fat coming from one of the two meals I eat daily ain't bad... 




 It's more along the lines that I can eat well and balanced in under 10 minutes... 









 It you do, don't cut a hole in the pastry like I did for the steam vent.

Form them, but don't egg wash or sugar.  Freeze them for 4 hours min.  375 degree oil for about 3 minutes or so, till golden.  Make sure you fry em in batches to not drop the temp of the oil to much.  Immediately out of the oil, hit with the Cinnamon sugar. 




 It's not that.  Most everything you say is negative, condescending, and just flat out dick behaviour.  You obviously love what you do.  I think you probably have a lot to offer and teach people.  But all you do is degrade and tell people it's not good enough because it isn't how you do it or were taught.  Or you call them inferior.

Not everyone is blessed in life to have all the wonderful experiences I have had. Or even you.  But just because you've held a truffle, it doesn't mean you know shit.  Go dig one out of the fucking ground and then we can talk.  But don't tell people that simply because the ONLY thing that they can get their hands on is inferior, because you're in a better market or have had better instruction.

You're not a chef, but pretend to be one.  A real chef educates people and makes them want to cook.  You make people want to stab you for no reason at all and would get thrown out of most of the kitchens represented here based upon your attitude.  

It's real simple.  Don't be a dick.  People actually want you around.  But keep it up, you'll be regulated to dishes. 




 Anyone who calls themselves a chef and haven't spent at least 15 years working up in the industry is a fucking joke. 




 How is it not worth it?  You have the attention of all kinds of professionals who do what you are wanting to do.  All kinds of people are questioning how and why.  Please show us what we are doing wrong and how we can improve our own products.  If you have a better method, why don't you help others with theirs?  You seem so keen on asking for others help, can you not return the favor? 




 Hey OP!  Can you post pics of your $3 cookies?  I'd love to know what I can do to try and sell product for double the amount of eveyyone else in my city! 




 Check the thread... 




 Raise it by a couple bucks and consider it a loss leader.  But one of the ways you can really look at min maxing you profit is looking at what components and how you're making them in house.  And more importantly, what you're not making in house and why not.

Also. Another way is to figure out what your not making a profit off of and figure out a way to do so.  For instance, you're slinging pie.  More than likely you're bringing in semonila to use on the boards.  It burns, it goes in the garbage. That's all it is used for, And itis just considered a cost of doing business.  But it costs you more than you think because you are paying for square footage to store it and an employee to move sacks and clean the bins it lives in.

So my question is, why aren't you making some kind of semolina based product and selling it on your menu?  Stupid simple biscotti.  Oven fired cream based gnocchi dish.  Semolina "angel food cake" that you make bread pudding with.

 Most business owners would charge for a straw if they could.  Why not charge for a product that you have to carry, which is also currently increasing overall food cost? 




 Sure?  Another friend said empanitas. 




 Hey hey now, I'd eat the hell outta all of that!  Looks delicious to me. 

May I make a suggestion if you weren't happy with that?  I guess that's a stupid question, cause I'm gunna say it anyway ;)

If you'd like to try doing them differently and free form by hand and have them come out like mine. Make up a batch of two shell pie dough (takes 10 minutes) and divide it into a dozen pieces or so to freeze.  It'll keep 2 months and should make about 2 individual little pies each.

It Takes 5 minutes to thaw, is a small enough piece that you could just use your hand instead of using the rolling pin, and fill it with some of that delicious jam or compote you made last week that's kicking it in the fridge.  Turn your oven on before you pull the dough and it's at temp by the time it's formed and on the pan.  35 min total time, 25 in the oven.  Talk about a great way to make her want to come up for a cup of coffee.  Or hell, just for yourself! 




 Edited! 




 Scope it here.  Best way to put it.

http://www.cheesemaking.com/Chevre.html 




 We do what we can :) 




 It is funny you should ask.  I'm actually in the process of doing just that.  About a month ago I mentioned that I was thinking about doing just that and was actually working on a different cookbook in a another thread.  I recieved an overwhelming amount of requests to write it and many offers of payment.  So I was all " I guess I should start writing this damn book..."

it's trucking along and I hope to have it done in about a month.  Goal is 25, 4 or 5 item meals.  PDF/tablet format.  If you'd like to see the kind of stuff that I'm going to include, check my submitted history.  All of the plates I've posted are my from scratch work. 




 She works in an ICU. 




 I'm very sorry to hear that.  I hope you are able to make whatever adjustments you can and/or need too, to help improve your circumstances.   




 Well, you can cook too if you try :) 




 Sure sure.  But being a house husband, it's part of my job description :) 




 I wish I used recipes.  I do method and feel, I've just been cooking a long time.

Crust - 1 and 1/2 cup flour.  Pinch salt. 1T sugar.  1/3 cup butter.  Scant 1/2 cup dry white wine.  Zest of one lemon, dried.

Cut the butter into pea sized pieces and freeze at least an hour.  All the dry into the bowl.  Add the frozen butter and rub the butter in to make a sandy texture.  Add water 1T at a time until the dough comes together.  Don't overwork it.  Chill dough at least an hour before rolling.

Apples - peel and medium dice apples.  I did about 7# of mixed variety.  I like at least 50% tart for the mix.  Place apples in a large, dry pot over med high heat.  Add about 1/4 cup sugar per pound of apples.  I use white granulated.  Cook the apple mix until a good half the water from the apples is gone and a good syrup is forming. Now add the juice of a lemon.  A glug or two of vanilla paste.  Salt and spice.  I use nutmeg, clove, and cinnamon for my apple pie mix.  Once this has come to a gooey consistancey, remove from heat and cool.

Roll and cut your pie dough how you like and make little dumpling sized pies.  Egg wash and dust with cinnamon sugar.  350 degrees in the oven.  15 minutes.  Remove from oven and glaze with simple syrup.  7 minutes in oven.  Glaze again and finish for 7-10 minutes more until golden brown.  Let them cool, you will burn your mouth!
 




 I know.  I think I ate to 10 putting them on the plate.  And now I'm kicking myself that I didn't make ice cream first :( 




 One of the things I've been spending fair amounts of time on is the chvre.  One of the easier soft cheese to make IMO.  Boil some milk, pitch your culture, let stand until set, strain and chill.  Whole process takes about 3 days and it keeps long enough for you to eat it.  Cultures and milk are cheap, processed chvre is not.  I wish more people would learn how to do easy things like this. 














 By the dozen, you will get $25 at most.  More than likely, to get the sales, you will be trying to move them for $18-20.  And that will be tough.  Unless they are the size of salad plates.  Remember who your competitors are.  And then quadruple the amount of people who you think are in direct competition with you, and who are selling a better product for cheaper, with less hassle. 




 Who is your target demographic?  Price point by piece?  What do you want to hit for your average individual sale? 




 Double your time allotted. 




 Do you have all your equipment?  Cards?  To go boxes?  Product?  Mixers?  Gas for delivers?  Overhead for licenses?  Money to burn buying product at retail rather than wholesale?  Money to cover your extra water, dish washing detergent, electricity, and gas incurred by making product?

You say that you will not incur debt to start, and I will tell you that you will spend money left and right and not even know it.  You'll reach into your fridge for eggs that you bought for yourself to eat and not even count it into the food cost of what the product is.  You'll forget stupid things like that, which is what kills people trying to do things like this.  Simple facts and to me, that is SERIOUS debt.  

Home ovens are not commercial ovens.  If you use one for commercial purposes, you consume about twice to three times the amount of heating power than you normally would for home use.  Yes, the math and science backs it up.  It is about opening the door, running fans, and only being able to bake one sheet of cookies at a time.

I mean, seriously, there is a lot of shit to think about in doing something like this from home. 




 FYI, I'm not trying to burst bubbles.  Just giving you a reality check of what your talking about from first hand experience.  I've watched dozens of people do exactly what you are talking about doing and either go crazy with the work or walk away from it at a serious financial loss. 




 What you are talking about doing will net you about $8-10/hr for a long time.  And if you are able to translate an additional $5/hr into repayment of your loans/investment/overhead, you will be lucky in the beginning.

I'm not saying what you are wanting to do can't be profitable.  It will just take you a while.  If you have any debt at all, moving trades into the food business is a terrible idea.

If you plan on doing this on your own from scratch and want to make an extra $100 a week for 20 hour of work, by all means, hit the farmers market.  But, operating out of your house, that is what you are looking at. 




 Don't do it.  You'll waste your time, money, and risk your relationship.  You have a stable "day job" that pays at least 10X the amount of money hourly that you could ever make in a bakery.  Save yourself some headache and hassle and continue to make your cookies and cupcakes for your friends. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/smallbusiness/comments/2w7467/home_bakery_advice/coocgjz 




 Well hell yeah!  Where do you live?  I'm always happy to deliver, especially for an awesome tip!
 




 An internship is part of school.  Gots to do it to graduate.  Many people who are actually talented at cooking never get past their internship in school.  Some because the shop they do it at would rather hire them then and keep them around, rather than risk not getting the employee after school is done.  

Or people realize that working in a restaurant and pursuing a dream to one day either own a restaurant or become a chef is completely and utterly stupid.  I mean, fucking stupid if you want to have a stable life, no substance abuse issues, a relationship that works, or any kind of financial freedom at all.  If you love to cook, keep it at home.  Stay the fuck out of the business.  Best thing you could do with your life is to not cook professionally.   




 my suggestion -  buy a 3 or 4lb chunk of belly.  Cut it into 8oz pieces.  Make up 5 or more different cure and crust mixes.  Cure and hang it all at the same time.  Then a month later you can side by side them all and determine which one is the one you like the most and can work on it from there.  After I figured to do that, I saved a lot of time in waiting to figure out what the recipe was I wanted... 




 Nice!  If you want, I'm always happy to help and am down in ABQ regularly.  I help you make bacon if you can convince your wife to help me perfect my kimchi :) 




 Very nice!  I typically have 2 or 3 chunks of random belly air drying.  Did you hang in a controlled environment?  

For the crust, I've decided over the years that a straight pepper isn't for me.  I've got a couple of fall backs I like to go to which many have liked.  And considering "pancetta" is so easy and cheap to make, nothing like having a few different kinds around :) 

2:2:1 - black pepper, coriander, fennel

4:4:2:1 - black pepper, green chile, granulated onion, granulated garlic

4:3:2:1 - black pepper, ground rosemary, ground thyme, granulated garlic  




 I normally don't comment on most things, but came in here to find the Bob Ross comment.  Because I agree, Bob Ross would be proud and I have to say that it would look awesome on my wall!  Would you be willing to trade it for a couple of sandwiches and a loaf of bacon?  :) 




 I showed this post to my GF and pointed that out as well.  Like it would somehow be missed...

I think the title of this thread should be "I'm the owner and I fucked an employee.  Now she is making my life and business miserable.  How can I get rid of her without getting sued for sexual harassment or discrimination?" 




 No shit.  I'm in the city, so I've never noticed the difference... 




 obviously, you're not a golfer. 




 Actually, I saw your explanation and disregarded it because it's BS.  Sorry.  I understand your reasoning, but it is faulty.  No offense, I simply want all people to develop skills which help them make better food.

Also.  Veg in stock isn't just an aromatic.  It fortifies nutrients and gives body.  If you would like to play, I would suggest you read McGee.   




 Thanks.  A non hostile and well thought out response in reddit.  I rarely get those ;)

Laying cable is a nightmare.  Which is why I believe that Google is pushing towards wireless and an eye in the sky.  I think that with the way tech is developing, here soon the mobile hotspot from my phone will be better than my wireless connection.  Maybe? 




 The thing I think more people should be talking about is the amount of infrastructure ATT needs to put in to match Google.  Google has to lay cable because it never had any.  How much and what kind of cable does ATT have down in the KC area?  Are they actually putting in new cable, or are they just "opening the pipes" as we all suspect? 




 You fucked your employee/co-owner?  Not good, not good!

10% of the company?  Fire her and suck up the 10% you'll have to pay out as her share.  That is the cost of getting your dick wet in the company ink.  Alternatively, try and buy her out.

But damn.  You down right fucked up. 




 A tip to help you be a better cook and to further develop your palete - never salt your stock.  Only salt your pan/dish.  This is restaurant 101 and something that will get you yelled at and humiliated in culinary school.

There are many reasons for this.  The main thing being is that you will never taste how food is developed in its "natural" state.  Many home cooks will argue that people do it all the time.  It is true, suzi q homemaker does.  But to get the kind of results that people like (as in restaurant quality) you are doing yourself a diservice by salting a stock.

However.  I will say that if you keep salted butter in your fridge, than this kind of advice is useless... 
























