 Wesley Willis-Rock'n' Roll McDonalds 




 Wesley Willis - Rock'n' Roll McDonalds 




 Neuromancer 




 gone to a live sporting event 




 lol I know right...I'm doin better then most! :P ...homeless people that is! lol 




 Makarov 




 Remington Steele 




 a womans vagi...um...nevermind 




 but...how do you take it off? 




 Homo sapiens 




 Homo sapiens 




 you are a very good person. :) 




 I think you should kill her. thats what I would do...do you want me to kill her? 




 LOL 




 get rid of her...i had the same problem with my EX, once she said she didn't want to have sex with me until marriage things just went down hill from there...hope it doesn't happen to you, this was just my experience.  




 I'm always sad... :(  




 ladies...I seriously would NOT waste your time getting upset over this piece of trash ...or any piece of trash that feels intimidated by female's playing video games...its f'ing great to have the other sex included! :D CARRY ON LADIES! 
 




 obviously you're just a complete idiot! 





























 be cool bitch! bitch be cool. 









 whats great is I do the EXACT same thing! lmao nice! 




 I'm really sorry man...seriously. 




 This really is so true... 




 awesome! 




 Hey Warwick...I think you're awesome! 




 I fucking love you guys!!! I wanna be like you guys. I wanna dress like you guys. I wanna act like you guys. I wanna smell like you guys. Sometimes when I'm alone in my bed I pretend that the three of you are in my b...er...wait... 




 live hard, live fast! 









 same here!  




 I MAKE awkward conversations!
 




 ill mass effect her costume! :P 




 carl sagan 




 Will you marry me? :) 




 Ricardo Montalban - Khan - Star Trek 2 - The wrath of Khan 




 an alien 
























 Thank you. :) 




 Thank you. :) 
























 Thanks! this is awesome! :) 




 ah yeah I was watching the Sanjay Gupta documentary on CNN: Weed about charlotte's web... thanks :) 




 Hey guys,

So today I've received the unfortunate information that my cat could possibly have lymphoma. I've done a little research pertaining to animals being treated for terminal cancers and being given marijuana and also done a little research on the effects of CDB (Cannabidiol) and treatment with various cancers in humans. Does anyone know or have a recommendation about any venders selling a strain of marijuana high in CBD and low in THC? Any marketplace is fine... Thanks guys. :)

TL:DR cat might have lymphoma, need recommendation on vendors selling marijuana with a high percentage in CBD. 










































































 actually that's funny that you bring that up, I have a friend who met him briefly and said he was a real asshole. 


































 This is terrible ...I seriously can't even click the link because I know I'm going to get very upset... 
























 sex 









 I'm hoping so as well...Thank you for your words. :) 




 ah yeah?! Nice, another thing for me to check out. Thank you. :) 




 Yeah...just to make him more comfortable...he hasn't been eating very well lately either, so I'm hoping the marijuana also stimulates his appetite. 






















































 lol 




 I would totally agree! I love this movie, I don't understand why it gets so much hate...sharlto copley is fucking incredible! 

































































































































 it accidentally slipped in ... 




































































































































































