 Haha yeah I know what you mean, thank you.  




 World peace, where everyone will just be fine.  




 From the language to the cinematography, Lord of the Rings.  




 Drop it low girl - ester dean 




 Dracula Untold (2014), they left it open with the possibility of another one.  




 Titanic. Why? Because it had such beautiful music during precise moments that just made me swoon over the scenes. It was just beautiful and I fell in love with it.  




 Lord of the Rings. Any of them.  




 I respect that. Non believing is on the rise, and who am I to say which is right, just an opinion.  




 Personal, small (or large) things that happen to you in your life. Someone you run into after not seeing them for years at the right time and right place. Finding the exact perfect dress out of a million others in the store. The music moving with the birds flying over your car at the exact perfect moment in the song. Idk things. Unexplainable things. But I have no clue why bad things happen to good people, gods obviously not taking care of that stuff.  




 Yes because some things are too powerful to be coincidences.  




 I bought one of those gold leaf crown things from Urban Outfitters for like 30$ and afterwards I was like when am I ever gonna wear this again? It was for a festival. It's still pretty cool tho.  




 If only I could have done it this other way.  




 Coffee..coffee coffee coffee!  




 Lana Del Rey 




 Turned in an old iPod to a pawn shop...I miss that fucking iPod every day.. 




 I think that persons me  




 Not recent, but Stephen Kings, Storm of the Century, is a movie I watch at least 3 times a year. It's very good.  




 Hypothetically speaking. 




 Where's Titanic?  




 They're action packed, full of good versus evil, and usually have romance, what's not to love?  




 Just curious what people think the disadvantages of transparency are.  




 Did I do good? 




 You were always going too fast. 




 When people are sad or having a bad day. Most people don't want anything to do with them because they're spreading "negative vibes."  




 Face to face so you can really open up about how you feel. In an email things can get misconstrued.  




 I don't know. Michael Bay films are usually totally entertaining and fun to watch just like the Fast movies. I think people just like to make fun of Michael Bay because he's made a trademark of blowing shit up and being huge.  




 The Shawshank Redemption  
























 Or in the future 2016, 2017, 2018.  




 Hobbies, Interests, ect.  




 Just curious.  




 Just wondering.  




 Little Talks, Mountain Sound, Your Bones by Of Monsters and Men  




 But it's beyond humiliating.  




 What emotion and which scene or scenes did this for you?  




 Greaaat 




 True thanks  




 "You're spreading negative vibes." 




 Movies by myself  




 Ashy space dust  




 I wrote a large scale film in the form of a treatment but other than that no shorts with friends.  




 To be a great filmmaker  




 An in depth plot summary of a film.  




 Random, but Terrance Howard, he just seems like a down to earth guy that you can trust. Since I know him personally and everything :p not really.  




 What Lies Beneath (2000) 




 A treatment I wrote for a huge blockbuster trilogy, wish I could get it seen or on the front page :/  




 Filming of The Lord of the Rings 




 Justin Bieber, he gets a lot of shit for just being him but what has he done to earn that? Making music some people don't like is the biggest reason people don't like him.  




 It's alright, nothing greaaat. The movie Signs is very alien if you haven't seen that. I consider that one great.  




 Extraterrestrial (2014) was an adventure movie with a shocking ending, and Dark Skies (2013) was suspenseful. Both about aliens.   




 I want to be a great filmmaker, so we'll see ~ 




 I love dogs and I hate having to have a job. Wish I was traveling.  




 Social skills. 




 What Happens in Vegas, for some reason that movie is just silly and gets me laughing.  




 When they're ordering something from a drive thru.  
























 That's reddit for you, good question, gets no answers, so there won't be anymore recommendations for us.  




 No that's a good idea  




 Yes I liked it  




 Love lord of the rings 




 Give me some that I would like :)  




 Annabelle 




 Just wondering.  




 A salaried position.  




 Just wondering.  




 Do you steer clear of it or embrace it? 




 "Things just went wrong too many times."  




 "My power cord was wrapped around my body when I got up."  




 Come to the realization now that it's over and find things to do that distract you until enough time has gone by that you're better able to move on.  




 Crash made me think about our interconnected lives.  




 I'd like to think so :(  




 My names Ryan and I'm gay so Ryan!  









 I just mean someone who is polite to you in a conversation, someone who is normally pretty nice in general. Is that person considered to be fake. I've just heard politeness can be seen as fake but I don't think so.  




 Just wondering.  




 Thanks  




 Would the movies subreddit be a place it would be seen? Where's the right place would you say?  




 Just wondering.  









 Just wondering.  




 Yes Man  




 Things outside my bed at night. I would yell for my dad to come lay with me because I was so scared.  




 Just curious.  
























 Just wondering.  









 Just wondering. 




 No  




 Nope 




 Just wondering.  




 Hide myself inside a cabinet and nail it shut or go out shopping.  




 2010 - Inception
2011 - Deathly Hallows Part 2
2012 - The Hobbit 
2013 - The Great Gatsby 




 Lol that's funny 









 Help me out!  




 Just wondering.  




 Cal from Titanic.  




 It's okay don't wanna reddit it, thanks though  









 What happened to him?  




 Definitely  




 Just wondering.  




 Just wondering.  




 It seems like it's more of a bad thing than a good thing.  




 Lol 




 It's just a matter of time before Pokemon gets live action movies, am I right?  




 Just wondering.  




 Just wondering.  




 I thought I'd know myself better by now, 24, but I really don't.  




 "Witchcraft!" From the Hunchback of Notre Dame 





























 Just wondering.  




 Titanic  




 The Killers 




 Of Monsters and Men 









 I'm thinking like 300 or Immortals, what are some other ones?  




 And Titanic  




 Why does Luke run into Vadar when he's training with Yoda and see himself in the mask? 




 Can you imagine watching Gravity up there? It'd be so scary I imagine especially when Sandra Bullocks floating through space in all those scenes.  




 Chris Evans  




 Just wondering.  









 Just wondering.  




 Saw, when he stands up and the music is going crazy.  




 Do we like that? I think the raptors should be untrustworthy like in Jurassic Park because they're the intelligent predators. Thoughts?  




 Saw  









 "I'm the king of the world!" 




 Ya that ones my least favorite after seeing this one.  




 The whole Batman trilogy is great.  









 Help 




 Lol 




 I dunno they don't say things very blatantly, maybe it's something you have to watch a couple times.  




 I didn't mean to lol at the horrific setting of the movie.  




 So he's given a group of people a job to do, but this is taking place during the holocaust? Was it Jewish people that were kicked out of their homes and relocated?  




 No I know it's not funny I'm just disconnected a little because I'm not sure where it's going but I'll keep watching  
























 Disturbia  




 What are your thoughts on the movie Titanic, 18 years later? It was so beloved when it first came out. It's still the second highest grossing movie of all time.  




 Obsessed with Lotr  




 Got the commas, my apologies.  




 This Is Me,
A Bugs Life,
Sphere,
The new Batmans,
Saving Private Ryan,
Contact,
28 Days Later,
or Lotr 




 But their hairs so long in GoF  




 Just wondering.  




 The Village  




 The Prestige  




 Storm of the Century  









 Disturbia  




 The Village 




 Maybe the most impactful songs that are good, which ones do you guys like?  




 Kindof like Inception but I need other ones.  




 It's from The Age of Adaline, I can only find snippets of it.  




 A lot of people liked Titanic and reddit hates it.  




 Okay will do! Will you keep me in mind? 




 No 




 Peter Jackson, 24 




 Just wondering.  




 Batman Begins 




 Just wondering.  




 The end of it has Actors, Perspective, Marketing, Audio, ect.  




 Thank you for reading, seriously.  




 I'm about to post it here in a sec I'll link it to this post  




 I've tried, it gets lost and unseen.  
























 Tomorrowland 




 Watching it now, just curious to hear other people's opinions of it.  




 The type of movies that are purely entertainment, you don't have to think it's just for enjoyment.  




 As a college graduate in art, all I want to do is make movies. I love them so much. How would I go about making it in the film industry? Becoming a director or producer of big budget films? How do people do this?  




 Noooo 




 Nooooo 




 Nooooo 




 Warcraft  




 Ex Machina because I feel like there was something everyone took away from it that I didn't quite get. What was it? Help.  




 Do you feel guilty about it? Is it not a big deal?  




 I thought it wasn't nearly as gross as the 1st or 2nd one, and was toned down a lot. Obviously still very disgusting. The main character was obnoxious, thoughts?  




 The village  




 She's a great actress.  




 I know there's no possible way to do that, but I'm curious what the texture is like of the rings. Anyone have an idea?  




 What are they?  




 Just watched it for the first time last night. All I could think was that it was a dark twisted fairytale with tons of effects. Enjoyed it though, thoughts?  




 I know John Wick is one of them...what are some others?  




 Just wondering.  




 The Relic, Lost in Space, The Devils Advocate 




 Rachel McAdams  




 Lord of the Rings 




 What are the best Stephen King movies or made for TV movies?  




 Peter Jackson and James Cameron  




 I think we should decide the rules first but is someone working on that? 

And yes promote the subreddit to gain more people and then eventually make someone famous. Idk where we would post it or what we would say but yeah link it to overnightcelebrity.  




 Why doesn't someone create a post talking about this subreddit detailing what we're planning to do. Then have the subscribers support the post by liking it/commenting it to get an ad out about the subreddit. Just an idea.  




 Never 




 Just wondering.  
























