 For a long time I've been doing weighted pullups by attaching plates to a belt with a chain, but lately I've been increasingly annoyed by the fact that the plates aren't stable, as they move back and forth. This causes balance issues and prevents me from doing the pullups as stricly as I want to. I'm thinking of putting a dumbbell in between my two 'lower' legs instead. I've seen a friend do this for weighted dips and it seemed to work well. Only downside is you need someone to place the weight for you, pretty much. Has anyone ever tried this and could give me feedback?

Thanks in advance.  









 It is, like some of the research I've read states, definitly a powerful fat loss agent. It doesn't work on cattle only, it works on humans too. 

I ended my bulk 2 weeks ago, on December 28th, 2014, at 220 lb and around 15% body fat. During those 2 weeks of cut that followed the end of the bulk, I still ate like a pig (250 calories above my TDEE compared to 650 during my bulk). Even in spite of that, I lost over 20 pounds. However, I don't know of much of it is water weight and how much of it is actually fat, as it's not really possible to tell. 

During the first week, I administered Clenbuterol orally, in tablet format. Each tablet is 20mcg; I started with a single tablet, and then administered one more tablet every day until reaching 100mcg. In the second week, I used the same daily quantity, except that I administered it in liquid form, through injection. I used a 18g 1.5" pin to draw, and a 23g 1" one to inject. Based on my calculations, 1000mcg of tablet format Clenbuterol is equal to roughly 1 mL of the liquid format, so I injected 0.1 mL daily during the second week (because 100mcg = 0.1 mL). You don't have to use both formats by the way, I just did so because I wanted to test both, to see which one worked best for me; turns out I actually had less of the side effects from injecting, although this might have nothing to do with the format of administration at all. 

During those 2 weeks, I also administered 3 1000mg taurine capsules daily. As [studies](http://jap.physiology.org/content/93/5/1824) have shown, Clenbuterol depletes taurine 
levels in the liver, which stops the conversion of the thyroid hormone  triiodothyronine into thyroxine. This, in turn, has been reported to result in painful muscle cramps in many users that I've talked to. 

Training wise, I avoided all forms of HIIT; simply walking on a treadmill for about 45 min daily was pretty exhausting. I also followed a fairly standard 4-day heavy weight workout routine, with 2 days for upper body and 2 days for legs. This is because, like I said, my goal was to maintain muscle mass and strength as much as possible despite being on a lower caloric intake. 

Nutrition wise, my fast-digesting carbohydrate intake cycled naturally, as I had none on rest days. On the other hand, my overall carbohydrate intake was pretty consistent (40% of my daily caloric intake every day).

That's it. If you have any other questions, throw them at me and I will do my best to answer them. That was just my personal experience by the way, it might not reflect what you or other people have experienced using Clenbuterol. Personally, though, I will definitly use it again. The side effects that I experienced (dizziness, night sweats, increased sweating, dry mouth) were definitly worth it! 



 









 https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=745943512150701 set=vb.305174699560920 type=2 theater notif_t=video_reply

Be warned headphone users, watching this video could kill you.

For me, though, it was so much motivation that I murdered my leg workout.

That strength though. Some high school football kids are impressive. Anyone knows this guy's name?  





























 There seems to be no serious research on the subject, and I cannot find an unbiased website (that is, one that doesn't sell AAS-related products) that discusses it. 

Aside from the obvious dangers of using Lyothyronine alone, does it actually work? Is it more effective than if you use drugs like ephedrine only?  




 I just tried the vertical leg press for the first time today, at the end of my butt workout. I didn't think too much of the exercise, but I noticed my hips were flexing a lot more than on, say, the angled leg press machine. 

I was re-reading [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12173958) (also available in PDF on Google), and in randomized trials they found a link between hip flexion and degree of involvement of the gluteal muscles. Because of this, I'm thinking of adding the vertical leg press to my current glutes workout. My workout is currently this (some kind of experimental 'pre-exhaustion' butt day):

50% 1RM back squat 4x12-15 + Jump squats 4x12-15 superset

Cable glute kickbacks 4x-20-25 per leg

Barbell glute bridges 4x8-10

Does anyone else have experience with the vertical leg press? Not sure how to integrate it into my routine. Should I go heavy at the end after the bridges? 



 









 *1. [CrossFit's Filthy Fifty](http://www.crossfit.com/mt-archive2/001550.html) 

I'm not a big fan of the whole Xfit thing, but this is not for the faint of heart. Imagine doing a full body workout and high intensity cardio at the same time, and you get this, an extreme circuit training workout. You have to do 50 reps of 10 different exercises, with no break in between the exercises, and as fast as humanly possible while keeping a good form. I did this a couple times back when I was mostly concerned with losing body fat, and as someone who's more into weight lifting than cardio, this was one of the hardest things I've ever done. It's good for all athletes, because it challenges your muscular strength, muscular endurance and cardiovascular ability all at once.


*2. [Smolov Squat's Intense Mesocycle](http://www.seriouspowerlifting.com/3615/articles/smolov-squat-routine)

Possibly the toughest powerlifting and squat routine that exists. This is part of Smolov' 15 week powerlifting routine, the base cycle of which is also used for the bench press and a few others compound exercises. The whole Smolov routine is also known as 'The Test', because it will test whether you actually know what you are doing when it comes to nutrition and weight lifting.  This is by no stretch of the imagination a cutting program, and it is critical that you rest and eat properly, and that you lift with a good form. If you go through it doing everything correctly, you will come out a LOT stronger than you were before starting; if you don't, at best you will have poor strength gains, and at worst, you will also come out with an injury. If things don't go well during the base cycle, do not even attempt this. 


*3. [Charles Poliquin's German Volume Training (GVT) method](http://www.muscleandfitness.com/workouts/workout-routines/german-volume-training-build-more-size-6-weeks)

Possibly the greatest mass-building training routine, this isn't complex, or long, it's just brutally painful. 2 exercises in one superset, 1 push and 1 pull, 90 sec. of rest in between each superset, and 10 series of 10 reps for each of the two exercises, all with a 4-0-2 tempo. You're basically lifting for 20 minutes over a period of one hour. I did this recently, and made some spectacular muscular mass gains. I also ate like a horse while doing this. 


*4. [Jason Feruggia's Complex of Time](http://www.t-nation.com/free_online_article/sports_body_training_performance/the_six_toughest_workouts)

An extreme and heavy-weight version of circuit training that is mainly used by bodybuilders in their cutting phase. Possibly the best workout for losing bodyfat and maintaining muscular mass and strength as much as possible at the same time. Even though this is a workout designed for general conditioning and bodyfat loss, I would not attempt this while being on more than a slight caloric deficit. 


*5. [Charles Poliquin's Deadlift from Hell](http://www.muscleandstrength.com/articles/snatch-grip-deadlifts-muscle-growth)

This training program has a single exercise: the platform snatch grip deadlift. It's possibly the best weight lifting exercise that exists, and it's certainly one of the best muscle building exercises out there. You can add some complementary exercises, mostly ones that will help you with the deadlifting itself, but this exercise alone will leave your entire body exhausted. Do not attempt this unless you have mastered the regular deadlift form,  obviously.


This is my personal top 5. Do you guys know any other brutally hard weight lifting routines?

Edit: I'm not saying these are actually the 5 toughest gym routines. This is just in my opinion/based on my own experience. All these workouts are definitly hard, though. None of these are for the beginning lifter. 
  




 Just looking for feedback on how it went, if anyone did try it. I wanna try it, but I'm not sure if it's actually a good idea.  












































 http://www.steroid.com/steroids_side_effects.php#

I know steroids are a controversial topic and illegal in many countries, but, as an aspiring bodybuilder who has considered using steroids more than once in his life, this is the greatest read I have ever come cross about steroids.

It doesn't just say 'steroids are good' or 'steroids are bad'; instead, it takes every side effect usually associated with AAS use, and looks at what serious scientific studies say on the subject. 

In my opinion, reads like this are a must if one is to form an educated opinion on the highly complex and controversial topic that AAS are. 

You might think 'I have never considered using steroids and I never will either, so how should this be of any concern to me?'. Well, like I said, AAS are a huge topic, and a lot of people out there say different things about it, but very few of these people actually back up their sayings with reliable research. Also, AAS have been used by a lot of top-level athletes throughout the second half of the 20th century and into the first half of the 21st one, so this is definitly related not only to fitness, but also to the reality of the world in which we live as of currently, in 2015. 










































































 http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/enhanced/doi/10.1002/bies.201400071/ 
I apologize in advance if the vocabulary is a little hard to understand for some, but this is a really interesting scientific article. Basically, it states that certain theories, like people's 'lack of willpower' to eat healthy and an evolutionary mismatch between our current environment and the ability to store food in the face of scarce resources, are not enough to explain food cravings and obesity like it was previously believed. 

Instead, food cravings are mainly caused by an evolutionary mismatch between people and the bacteria that live in their gut; certain gut bacteria process certain nutrients better, leading to a power-struggle between them in which the dominant bacteria 'hijack' the neural axis between the brain and the gut and, in turn, influence us to eat the food products that contain these nutrients.

 This is an important paradigm shift in our understanding of human eating behaviors, as it suggests that obesity isn't a result of an evolutionary mismatch between the humans and their external environment, but rather, a mismatch between the human body and the beings that live within the environment of which it is itself made.

I am truly amazed by this. 

P.S.: if you want to gain insight into the subject, don't just read my short summary posted here. Read the article itself. It is far more complicated than just what I've said in my original post. 

edit: I've realized that people have interpreted this as being an excuse to not eat properly and work hard in the gym. This article certainly isn't suggesting that, and neither am I by posting it. It is not my intention to give people an excuse to not do their best. Like some people have stated, this articles merely looks at the 'why's' of people have food cravings. I found it genuinely interesting and wanted to share this with you guys, as it relates to nutrition and fitness. That's it. 

edit 2: I really wish I could re-do the title. I apologize for this title. 

edit 3: This thread really exploded, I can't keep up with all the answers anymore. :/

However, I have read almost all of them, and I would like to address a few points. Firstly, I cannot apologize enough for the biased and somewhat misleading title. I would re-do it if I could, I assure you. Secondly, the idea of 'willpower' is never actually mentioned by the authors. They talk about how some scientists have argued that there is no 'self-control', in that the 'self' as we understand it doesn't actually exist, and is instead merely a set of highly contextualized cognitive responses based on fluctuations in brain activity. Another [study](http://www.mitpressjournals.org/doi/abs/10.1162/jocn_a_00650#.VJ9gB14CA) not mentioned by the authors of this article also found this. This is essentially where my idea on 'lack of willpower' comes from, but it is merely my interpretration. But as you can see, the idea is problematic in itself, as things like 'free will', 'self' and 'self-control' are hot topics within the scientific community. Thirdly, and most importantly, the author states that self-control ALONE cannot explain why we have cravings. This is where I messed up really badly in my title: I should have added the word 'alone'. The authors' main point is that previously prevalent theories on lack of self-control and evolutionary mismatch between humans and their external environment are not enough to explain food cravings; instead, they are primarily stemmed from a power struggle between bacteria in people's own gut. 

Again, I am sorry for messing up the title. But I still think this article is definitly worth reading and discussing extensively.  





























 Basically, title. Although me and my girlfriend are pretty open about this stuff and she knows that I watch porn and doesn't mind, I never told her about what kind of porn I watch specifically, because I didn't think it mattered. But apparently it does.

She came across my web browsing history recently, and realized that I only watch lesbian porn. And she thinks it's creepy and doesn't understand why. I tried explaining to her, but the truth, I don't really know why myself. I've watched all sorts of porn, and lesbian porn is the only sort that actually turns me on. I'm not turned off by seeing another man's penis in a porn video, but it doesn't have any effect on me either. It's like watching TV and seeing an ad about something random you don't really care about and staring blankly as you wait for it to end so you can watch what you actually turned on the TV for. I feel the same way when watching most porn videos. The only thing that I enjoy watching and which arouses me is lesbian porn. But I don't really know how to break it down to my girlfriend.

edit: To add to my OP, she said that she doesn't know any other guy who exclusively watches lesbian porn, and she thinks it's creepy that I watch so much of it. She seriously asked if I sometimes imagine her having sex with another attractive girl that we know and that we always see when we go to the gym. 

 



















 **Places**

-The Walled World: a reference to both Asgard and Midgard. Asgard was the realm of the Aesir gods. It was surrounded by huge walls which had been built by a giant. Midgard was the realm of the humans, and was surrounded by Jotunheimr, the world of the giants.

-Castle Utgard: a reference to Utgard, a stronghold of the giants in Jotunheimr. 

-RBA's 'shifter village': a reference to the homeland of the Vaenir gods. They possess powerful magic, and keep the location of their home village a secret; no one knows where it is.


**Characters**

-Ymir: a reference to Ymir, a hermaphroditic giant who was the progenitor of all other giants. Ymir was born when the icy winds and the fire met, and from his body the two first giants were born. From the giant cow that fed Ymir, a humanoid was also born. The first female giant and that humanoid came together, and from their union the first gods were born. The third generation of gods would later kill Ymir, and use his body to make the world of the humans, thus beginning the age-old feud between giants and gods. It is said that, after Ragnark, the final battle between giants and gods, Ymir will be reborn into a human. 

-Grisha Yeager: a reference to Surtr, a fire giant who fought and killed many powerful gods during the great war of Ragnark, most importantly Freyr, the brother of the Vanir goddess Freya. At the end of the war, he used his blazing sword to literally 'engulf the world in flame', and from the ashes a new world was reborn in which the humans and gods who had survived came together to start over.

-Freida Reiss: a reference to Freya, the Vanir goddess who lived in the world of the Aesir gods and who was renowned for her ability to alter the course of destinity by changing people's minds through the practice of a form of magic known as Seir (Seidr). 

-The Beast Titan: a reference to Skrymir, the giant who lived at Utgard in Jotunheimr and would 'play' with his visitors by testing their strengths, weaknesses and limits.


**Concepts**

-Titan-shifters, 'mindless' titans and humans: in Norse mythology, the three most important groups are the giants, the gods and the humans. Although it is unclear which is which in SnK, in Norse mythology all three groups are related either through ancestry (both giants and gods descend from Ymir), interbreeding or both. The idea that, in SnK, titan-shifters, 'mindless' titans and humans all seem to be related could be a reference to that. 

-Alternatively, the concept of titan-shifting could be a reference to the berserkers: in Norse mythology, 'berserk' means 'to change shape or form'; the berserkers were the warriors of the god Odin, and the most feared warriors in the world. This is because they would enter some kind of trance-like state before going to battle, which would increase their strength and endurance, make them immune to steel and fire and drive them insane in such a way that they would not stop fighting until they had killed everything in their path or were killed themselves.




 








 

 




 -A new monster found exclusively in ocean biomes (guardians don't count, they're generated structure-specific).

-A new block/resource found exclusively on and under ocean floors; maybe some kind of underwater flower (like algae) would be nice.

-More biome diversity using the biomes that we currently have.

-Smarter villagers and a new GUI that allows to view and interact with the villagers' inventory.

-More uses for the rare fish items that you can get from fishing and from killing guardians (clownfish, raw salmon and pufferfish); and fyi I know that they already have uses, but it's not enough. 

-The ability to choose which painting we get, at least in creative.

-A recipe to craft sponges, so you have the choice to not have to explore in order to get more of them if you don't want to

-A use for the Enderdragon egg

-A silverfish-exclusive drop, so they aren't entirely useless

-A recipe to craft End stone



 




 Am I the only one who thinks this?  




 1. The Enderdragon can be pushed around with pistons
2. The Wither can see players who are under the effect of an invisibility potion
3. You can hide light by placing a torch on the same block as an armor stand and then placing armor pieces on the armor stand
4. Both the Elder Guardian's Mining Fatigue effects and the effect provided by beacons are interdimensional
5. You can literally make floating grass and flowers by removing the block on which they are placed with the use of a 3rd party editor such as MCedit
6. You can place ghasts in minecarts and use them to push other mobs around
7. The gap between a fence gate and a cobblestone wall can be passed through by the Player, but not by other mobs
8. If you place an upside down slab next to a light block (such as glowstone), it will block light completely just like a full block
9. Dark oak wood fences do not burn
10. You can create a 'half-banner' by placing it directly above a full block



 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4946TTiAQWo

Remember the guy from the Zipkrowd server who managed to make an XP farm using the Enderdragon? When the dragon dies, he takes 10 seconds to fully despawn and turn into an End portal. During those 10 seconds, experience orbs also 'come out' of his body and drop on the ground. But when you unload the chunk in which this process is happening before it is completed, the game 'forgets' about the process happening in that chunk and repeats it everytime you load the chunk again. This results in what is by far the fastest XP farm in the game.

It was previously believed that this only works with experience orbs, but in the video that I linked, someone managed to apply what I call the 'chunk-duplication principle' to diamonds, showing that it possibly works with all items and entities. I don't know if this was intended or not, but this effectively makes all items renewable, including diamonds, as you can see in this video. 

This is not technically a 'farm', as items are duplicated rather than created, but in the end the outcome is the same: you can go afk and effortlessly get diamonds. 

 














 Either Rod is a lying piece of scum, or RBA, Eren's father and Kenny were all hasty ignorant fools. 

All of them went to such great lengths to acquire the 'Reiss power', not knowing that it can only be used by people from the Reiss bloodline? RBA wasted half a decade of their lives and indirectly killed thousands of people just to acquire that power, without knowing that? Eren's father gave his own life to give that power to Eren, without knowing that it could only be used by the Reiss? 

I refuse to believe it. I'm sure it's not everyone that can fully use that power, but I would also be extremely surprised if it was ONLY the Reiss people who can do so. Grisha MIGHT've been a fool who didn't know, but I'm sure RBA knew that they couldn't use it themselves... that's why they wanted to bring Eren along instead of just eating him and taking the power for themselves. Furthermore, in chapter 50 Reiner and Berthold looked like they had seen that power being used before. So, unless the Reiss have relatives who live outside the walls, there's no way Rod is telling the truth. 

Also, in Norse mythology, the giant who builds the walls of Asgard doesn't do it just to 'give peace to humanity'. There has to be a whole lot more to this story than just what Rod tells Historia.  









 We now know that, 100 years ago, the walls were made by a titan who, Rod says, wanted 'to give peace to humanity'. However, is this what really happened? It seems now that the story of SnK is a re-telling on some of the Norse stories, at least metaphorically. 

The 'titan building the walls' concept refers to the disguised hrimthurs (frost giant) who built the walls of Asgard, the kingdom of the Aesir gods, in exchange for Freya, the Vanir goddess, and the moon and the sun. The gods accepted the bargain, because they never thought he would succeed in 3 seasons, which was one of the conditions of that bargain. However, thanks to Loki's influence, the frost giant was also allowed to use the giant stallion, Svailfari. Because of this, he was going to succeed, and when the gods realized that, they told Loki to stop the builder of the walls or else they would kill the former, blaming him for the latter's success. So, when the walls were nearly finished being built, Loki turned into a mare, and charmed the stallion, taking him away from his duty. From this, the walls weren't finished in time, and also, from the union between Loki and the stallion, a eight-legged horse named Sleipnir was born.  Shortly after this, the gods found out that the disguised builder was in fact a frost giant, and the god Thor brutally murdered him. 

Based on this, I think that, the truth is, the titan who created the walls and the 'crystal cave' asked for something in exchange for doing so, and that it wasn't just 'to give peace to humanity'. However, just like in the Norse mythology, the people who asked for that titan's help didn't respect their end of the deal, and then killed him. This is a very well known story in Norse mythology, and different versions of the same story are also found in other European cultures. So, based on the fact that there are already striking similarities with that story in SnK, I would doubt that this isn't what Isayama based himself on for the 'titan building the walls' story.

Also, here's my opinion after reading 64:

I hated how, as usual, the little pieces of information that we were given just lead to either the same questions or new ones. I did like Hanji's thought that the cave 'couldn't be man-made'. Indeed. However, I did enjoy all the action and seeing Kenny. I can't wait for Isayama to get into the details of his 'dream'. Also, poor Hanji. :(  




 In short, there is simply too much of a gap between the manga and the animated versions. Because of this, the community cannot and will not be one.

When the people who only know the animated version think 'Attack on Titans', they think dumb, scary-looking giants that eat humans. It's probably a little more than that for some people, but I'm overly dumbing it down to make a point.

Personally, I have read and re-read every single piece of canon material countless times, I have spent countless hours writing on and thinking about the story. I also have read extensively on Norse mythology, from which Isayama draws much of his inspiration. Because of this, I simply cannot have the same perspective as 'anime-only people'. I mean, I could put myself in those people's shoes, but it just doesn't feel right... It feels like a different story, so instead I choose to not discuss SnK with those people, because it ruins everything that SnK is for me.

When anime-only people think Attack on Titan, they think titans that eat people. But when I think Attack on Titan, first of all, I don't even think 'titans', as for me titans aren't titans, but rather, an isomorphic representation of the result of of a highly complex network of interconnected sociopolitical structures; the 'titans' are merely the literary 'recipient' used to portray the metaphor associated to that representation. I see moral imperative conflicts, oligarchism, the sociopolitical dimension of spirituality and technology and technological progress, etc. I see a story that takes place in a society with a history of conflicts and other types of interaction between groups that are based on common beliefs and purposes, bloodline, and perhaps other things as well. But to think that some people think of SnK as just 'a story about titans that eat people' saddens me, and yet at the same time I can't blame those people, because, based on how far the animated version is at the moment, there isn't much room for thinking beyond that. But like I said, it ruins the excitement that I get from SnK to hear those people's opinions, so I choose to avoid discussing with them about SnK altogether.

Some people will probably disagree, but basically, I believe that because of the huge gap between the manga and anime versions, each version is basically a different story and as long as the gap remains this big, we can never be a unified community. At least not without some effort from the manga folks to 'dumb down' their own perspective of the story to fit that of most anime-only people, which I personally refuse to do. 





 














 Well, Reiner did ask this question to Ymir.

So, what do you guys think?

Does the world in which the main characters live have a future?  




 I am guy. Pretty sure I like girls. I know, because I've been surrounded by girls all my life. Growing up my father was away for work most of the time, so the parent that took care of me was my mom. I have four sisters. Also, I have some guy acquaintances, but all of my good and best friends are girl. I have literally no male friends. In college, my faculty has 1154 students, 90% of which are girls. I am surrounded by relatively pretty and intelligent girls everywhere, 100% of the time.

And yet, I've never had a girlfriend, or any intimate relationship with a girl. I've never even kissed a girl outside of in a party context where everyone was wasted. Obviously I've had some intimate physical contacts with some of my female friends, but I've never touched the opposite sex's intimate parts.

When I was young, I thought that it was because of my physical appearance. So I started training really hard. But it's been 5 years now, I take care of my appearance and I'm pretty buff (all my friends keep telling me), and yet nothing has changed. I'm 20 year old, and by now I've figured out that it's obviously not about my physical appearance, but what is it? What is it that's wrong with me? I am surrounded by hundreds of girls, and yet I can't get any of them to like me as more than a friend. A lot of them say that I'm good looking, a lot of them say that I'm intelligent, almost all of them say that I'm a nice guy (I try really hard to be a genuinely nice human being), and yet not a single one of them has ever entertained the thought of having me as a boyfriend. Why?  




 I teach at a elementary school, and this year one of my kids is a boy named Ymir. His father comes to pick him up everyday. He told me the name comes from Norse mythology, the stories of which he's a big fan. No surprise here. I almost asked him the other day if he knows about Attack on Titan, but I felt it would be a little inappropriate lol. Now it bugs me big time, everyday I think of asking him. Should I?  









 As you guys saw, Frieda erased Historia's memories, but when Historia touched Eren (who took Frieda's memories through his father), she got those memories back.

Well, one of the laws of our world is that nothing truly 'disappears', things always change form or go somewhere else. What if, the way the power works, the user simply 'steals' the person' memories and keeps it within him/herself?

Now, we know that the memories of the entire population within the walls were taken away. I would assume that if a single person had so many memories, it would drive them crazy or something bad would happen. So what if, instead, the monarchy has been using the Wall Titans as 'memory vessels' that hold all the memories of the people within the walls?

And if people were to touch these titans, or the human within them (if there is one), they would retrieve all the memories that were taken away, and that is why the monarchy doesn't want anyone to know about those titans?

That's just another theory that I had, based on the idea that nothing truly disappears, and those memories must go somewhere when they are forgotten by the person. 

What do you guys think?  




 I used mostly what I know about Norse mythology (on which SnK seems to be almost entirely based, at least metaphorically), and this: http://calorescence.tumblr.com/post/51450703198/did-you-know-the-inside-covers-of-the-japanese

I believe the story of SnK takes place in a post-apocalyptic Norse mythology-influenced world. 

In the SnK universe, humans have been around for a lot longer than 2000 years. However, 2000 years ago, some kind of Titan-like being appeared. I don't know how, or why, or what he was exactly, but let's call him 'the original titan'. His name was Ymir, and he had three titan children. Two of them had children of their own together, and were the first of the 'true titans' to live. The third one mated with a human, and the children born out this union became the first generation of titan-human hybrids, that is, people who have the physical appearance of humans, but possess the powers of the true titans.

At some point after that, I'm not sure exactly why, but the titan-human hybrids killed Ymir and used his power for themselves. This started the age-old feud between true titans and titan-human hybrids.. This feud ultimately culminated in a great battle between the two. This great battle happened 2000 years after the death of Ymir, and  100 years before the start of the story. And 'To you, 2000 Years From Now' means that, 2000 years after his death and after the great battle between titans and hybrids, Ymir was reborn into a human. 



The hybrids lost the war, and most of them were decimated. After the war, the surviving hybrids and humans sailed to a new world. During the war, the humans had mostly been collateral damage, being used by the true titans, who turned them into mindless titans that were capapble of killing the hybrids and stealing their titan power in the process. This continued being a problem after the war, so, to protect the humans, the hybrids used their titan powers to build great walls that would protect the remaining humans from their fellow humans who had been turned by the true titans during the war.

Even though the humans and hybrids look the same, and now live together as well, they are by no means the same. The noble families, who rule, are the descendants of the hybrids who survived the war; the 'titan nature' runs through their veins. And the rest of the people are mere humans, which is why they are looked down upon and controlled by these noble families. This is what the noble being tortured by Zackley meant, when he said that their flesh and blood are not the same.

And the other conflicts within the story are merely internal conflicts between the hybrids. The Ackerman were probably another lineage of the hybrids, until the Reiss lineage erased their memories and chased them out. I'm not sure who RBA's people is, but they are very similar to the Vanir in Norse mythology. The Vanir were a branch of the hybrids who descend from Ymir that I talk about in my text. Some of them possessed magical powers, they kept the location of their village a secret, and once sent three of their people to live in Asgard as part of a truce between them and another branch of gods who lived there, the Aesir. One of these three people was a goddess named Freia. In chapter 50, Reiner states that they must 'retrieve' Frieda's power, implying that it once belonged to his people. 

 




 In Norse mythology (on which SnK is based), Ymir is the giant from which the first gods and other giants are born. Then the third generation of gods kill Ymir and use his body to make the world, giving birth to humans and a bunch of other races.

Now I understand that, in SnK, Ymir isn't necessarily associated to the birth of everything (it's unlikely that the world of SnK is only a century old), so maybe she's related to the birth of titans or the titan power or something like that.

But there is nothing, absolutely nothing in Norse mythology that ever mentions Ymir coming back to life in any shape or form. So I'm trying to figure out where Isayama took that from. Any ideas? 

  




 I've been re-reading the chapters that involve the Beast Titan (aka Skrymir/Utgard-Loki from Norse mythology), and I've noticed one particular difference between their two powers that I feel is really important.

Skrymir doesn't have to do anything to control the Titans. And not only does he seem to control them, but more disturbingly, they seem to be aware of his existence. It's like they just know he's there, and, unlike all the other beings that we have seen so far, normal humans and titan shifters alike, they don't see him as someone that they should 'eat'. 

On the other hand, Eren was seen as a perfectly normal human being and titan-shifter, except for that brief moment in which he used his Screaming ability out of despair. 

I wonder if it's because their powers are two different ones, or because Skrymir's power is the same as Eren's, but 'turned on' permanently? Or perhaps it has to do with the fact that he 'made' those titans? Reiner told Ymir in chapter 46, if I'm not mistaken, that there was something different about those titans, that they could still move at night unlike the other mindless titans. And Reiner knew that those titans were Connie's village's people that had been turned by Skrymir.

I wonder if Skrymir can not only make his own titans, but if, when he does, they also take his orders and have characteristics that the mindless titan that we're used to doesn't have, such as the ability to still move around at night?  




 I feel like this is the most important and biggest question of the story. 

Is the 'mindless' titan a failed or dumbed down of the titan shifter, or is the titan shifter an improved version of the 'mindless' titan? Or are both transformations two 'variants' of the same power? 

The story has been pretty vague about titan history so far. We know that, over a hundred years ago, humanity was 'unable to match the overwhelming force of the titans', and so they made the walls on a new continent and then left there by boat. 

Personally, I believe that the 'mindless' titan came after the titan shifter, and here's why.

Firstly, I don't think 'mindless' titans are actually mindless. They were made to only be aware of/listen to those with powers like the Coordinate's, and otherwise wander about in a seemingly mindless manner.

Secondly, I think that the fact that mindless titans try to eat humans is part of a set of encoded or pre-programmed behaviors that come along with being a mindless titan. If they eat someone who is a shifter, they can go back to their human form. 

Finally, I believe Hanji's 'fusion' theory is true. When you become a titan, you fuse with some kind of material or entity, and mindless titans are simply the result of fusing completely with that material or entity.

I think that the titan power was initially some kind of weapon used in war: when soldiers become wounded, they turn into an 'empowered version of themselves' and can wreck havoc. But then someone else, who had a power like the Coordinate's, turned that weapon against its creator and made it suit their own abilities. 

What do you guys think? 


 




 -Frieda Reiss: based on Freyja, a Vanir goddess who practiced the art of Seir, a form of sorcery that allows the user to alter the course of destiny.

-Ymir: based on Ymir, a hermaphroditic jtunn (giant) who is the progenitor of all jtnar. The two first giants were literally made from the body of Ymir.

-Castle Utgard: a major stronghold in Jotunheim, one of the nine worlds of Yggdrasir and the world of the frost and rock jtnar.

-Grisha Yaeger: his titan's physical appearance and actions throughout the SnK story closely resemble that of Surtur, a fire jtnar. In the events of Ragnark, a major battle in Old Norse mythology, Surtur fought and killed many important Norse gods, most importantly Freyr, the twin brother of Freyja. At the end of the war, he used his blazing sword to literally 'engulf the world in flames'.

Tell me if I'm missing any.   














 Originally, there were two gifted peoples with extraordinary abilities. One was a highly intelligent and magical people, of which the members could control people's minds and manipulate their memories in order to change their past or give them a new vision of the future. The other people was one with incredible physical abilities; their strength and dexterity were superhuman, and they could move just about any object, or complete certain tasks faster than anyone else. At first, those two people were travelling the world freely, helping people and making their dreams come true. However, eventually, the people who ruled became jealous of these people and started asking them to serve them and to do their biding. When these two peoples each refused, the rulers became mad, and ordered that they be captured or killed. They fought back, and most of them were killed. The few of them that remained were enslaved, and people started fighting for their possession. When the war had already been going on for decades, someone made the titan power. That person had grown tired of the endless warring, and came to the conclusion that humanity would never stop fighting, unless all humans were either turned into mindless titans or killed by those titans. Basically, that person's goal was to eradicate all humans using the titan power that they created.

When people started being turned into titans in large numbers and things became chaotic, the only ones to be able to survive were the two gifted peoples, using their abilities. Eventually, those gifted peoples came together and, in order to keep surviving, found a way to combine their respective power with the titan's. The ''magical'' people acquired the ability to control the mindless titans by accessing the memories buried deep within what's left of the human body within the titan, and the ''physical'' people became the titan-shifters, i.e., people who could enhance their already above average physical abilities by turning into a titan that has these abilities. In order to eventually free members of their peoples who had been turned into mindless titans, they also made it so that a mindless titan could regain his human form by eating someone who had acquired that titan-related power, so that, when a person got too sick or old, they could be eaten and allow someone else to regain their human form and therefore relive the lifetime that they had lost by being turned into a mindless titan.

After that, those two peoples came together with the normal people who hadn't been turned into titans, and they formed the humanity that used to live in the old world. However, people kept being turned into mindless titans despite their efforts to protect them, and eventually, they decided that the only option was to leave for a new continent that they had discovered. There, they combined the powers of the two peoples in order to create huge walls that would protect people from the ''titan plague''. Some of the most gifted members of the people with the incredible physical abilities were, with the use of the titan power, turned into enormous titans that could harden themselves to make walls, and then the most gifted members of the people with the mind-powers used those powers to order them to build the walls... Yes, because these people had to be ''mindless', otherwise they would age and not be able to protect humanity forever. On the other hand, for the people with the mind-powers, the task at hand put such a strain on their body that they died creating the walls, and this is why these walls were named in their honor.
In the present day, some of the descendants of these two peoples are the Ackerman, of the ''physical'' people, and the Reiss, of the ''magical'' people. 

Some decades ago, the two peoples started disagreeing on a lot of things, and as a result, the magical people starting plotting against the members of the physical people, in order to get rid of them. Eventually, they succeeded in chasing them away, and all of them either left the walls or stayed and had their memories erased, so as to even forget that they used to rule within the walls and have a special power. Some of those who had left the walls were eventually eaten and their power was taken by people who weren't from their people (RBA). The only member of the physical people who still lives within the walls and didn't have his mind wiped is Kenny, because he knew Rod personally and swore allegiance to him in exchange for being spared.

And that is the true story of humanity. 




 What if the reason he never takes the power for himself is that the person who has the power must always be eaten by another person at some point so that the power can continuously be passed from one generation to the next? What if the power is lost if the holder dies without passing the power to anyone?

Also, what if Rod Reiss is the one to pass down the knowledge of how the power works? To tell the new users how to use it? 

  




 'Who actually wants to kill people?'

I think if Grisha did what he did, it's because the Reiss must have done terrible things. 

I don't think he would have brutally murdered 5 children just like that, and it must have been his last resort, so to speak.

Anyone else think that Rod is leaving out a big chunk of the story?  




 As you guys all know, the titan-shifter transformation is triggered through wounding. The human blood is mostly made up of red and white blood cells, the latter of which contain a cell necleus that, in turn, is made up of DNA sequences. When wounding occurs, it damages a layer of cells known as vascular endothelial cells, situated in the body's blood vessels and which are in direct contact with blood cells known as thrombocytes, of which the function is to stop bleeding. This process is called primary hemostatis, and results in the area of the wound repairing itself through complex interactions between the blood cells (thrombocytes) and other things in the endothelium (the area where the endothelial cells are in the blood vessel). My theory is that, in titan-shifters, when wounding occurs, the thrombocytes not only repair the endothelial cells, they also cause them to send a signal to the white blood cells, which, because their nucleus has been modified with whatever the titan power is, also trigger the titan transformation.

Things that make me believe the titan power is based on genome modifications:

-While all titans have regenerative capacities in their human form and the ability to switch between human and titan, their titan-shifter transformation's physical characteristics vary from an individual to another. In humans, the genome is what determines physical appearance, and the titan's physical appearance could simply be a distorted expression of the human's genome.

-It's been highly implied that the abilities one gets from the titan power are based on heredity

-Like I explained in detail, the titan-transformation seems to be triggered by something in the individual's blood cells.

What do you guys think? 









 The two great questions that we cannot answer are: 'What exactly is a titan?' and 'How did the titans first appear?' However, what we can say is that there seems to be two variations of what are called 'titans': the human who is stuck in his titan form and who cannot control his actions (the mindless titan); and the human who can switch back and forth between titan and human, who has regenerative characteristics in his human form, and who has distinct physical characteristics and abilities in his titan form (the titan-shifter).  In other words, the first variation has the purpose, or at least the indirect consequence, of either rendering the human being useless or making him dangerous in unpredictable ways or both; on the other hand, the second variation simply empowers the individual. However, the two variations have one thing in common: they are based on heredity. Also, because the titan-power is based on heredity, then the importance or value of one's bloodline is based on, not only the importance or value of the titan-power associated to that bloodline, but also on whether that bloodline has inherited any special titan power at all.

Family name is usually associated with heredity. In the real world, people who share a family name usually have a relatively recent common ancestor. In Shingeki no Kyojin, there are multiple examples of people who have a heredity-based titan power. Firstly, all those with the Ackerman family name possess a power popularly known as 'the Awakening', which causes the user to experience a sudden burst of power at a moment of grave danger (in other words, an environmental trigger), and then to be overall more powerful physically from this moment onwards. Secondly, in chapter 63 of the manga, Rod Reiss referred to his daughter Frieda's power, popularly known as 'the Mind-Wipe Power', as a 'Reiss power', strongly suggesting that only people from the Reiss bloodline  can inherit or use this power. Finally, when Eren received Frieda's power through eating his father, he received an ability that has been referred to by some of the story's characters as 'the Screaming'. This suggests that, when Eren received the titan-shifter's power, he didn't receive the Mind-Wipe Power, but rather, a power associated to his own bloodline. In conclusion, everyone can possess the titan-shifter's power, but the abilities that the power grants to the person are based on heredity. 

Another example of the titan-power being heredity-based is the so-called noble families that live within the walls. According to Erwin, when interrogated by Darius Zackley's men, the members of the noble families implied that they couldn't be mind-wiped because of their noble blood. It is known that the noble families have been using the Reiss bloodline's Mind-Wipe Power to alter the memories of the people living within the walls. Based on the premise that, when used, the power alters the minds of everyone within a given area, it is safe to assume that, for purely practical reasons, those who are in charge of the society within the walls would have to be immune to the Mind-Wipe Power. Therefore, one possibility is that those who are deemed 'noble' within the walls are deemed as such because their hereditary power either counters or prevents the effects of the Mind-Wipe Power. This also reinforces the idea that the importance of one's bloodline in Shingeki no Kyojin is based on the type of titan-power that said bloodline has inherited. 

Ymir is a character who illustrates the idea that, not only are the special abilities granted by the titan-power based on heredity, but also that some people have not inherited any special power.  From the time that she was a mindless titan (which we see in Reiner's flashback or when she ate the former's presumably titan-shifter friend, Berik) to the time that we see her as a titan-shifter, she remains seemingly physically unchanged. When she ate Berik, she received the ability to switch back and forth between human and titan, as well as the regenerative characteristics in her human form and which all titan-shifters seem to possess. However, she didn't inherit neither his titan's physical characteristics nor any special titan-related power that he might have had. This suggests two things: firstly, that, while the abilities to regenerate one's human body parts and to switch back and forth between both forms are common to all titan-shifters, things like the general physical characteristics and special power are based one's genome; and secondly, that some people's bloodline might not have inherited any special titan-power, which explains why her titan was still a 'regular' one after becoming a titan-shifter.

In conclusion, there are two types of titan: the mindless titan and the titan-shifter. While all titan-shifters can regenerate their human body and switch back and forth between their human and titan forms, one's titan's general physical appearance and special power are based on that person's genome. This would explain why the process of turning into a titan is triggered through wounding: the human blood is made up mostly of red and white cells, which contain a cell nucleus with DNA sequences in it; DNA, of which the human genome is made, is what defines physical characteristics in the real world. However, many questions are still left answered besides the two most important ones asked at the start of this essay. How and from which part of the human body is the titan transformation itself triggered? And, more importantly, which of the parts of the human body that are involved in the titan-transformation (if there is more than one) is/are responsible for the differences between mindless titans and titan-shifters? In other words, what makes it so that mindless titans are, in fact, 'mindless', while titan-shifters can still control their body? These questions might become partly answerable when more information is given about the functioning of the process that allows the titan-shifter's power to be transferred through a mindless titan 'eating' parts of a titan-shifter's body. 







 




 I think Grisha was originally just like RBA: he came from somewhere outside the walls, infiltrated the society within these walls and had the loose goal of retrieving the Titan power that allows the user to control people and of exterminating all the people there, who he saw as the enemy of his own people. However, at some point he realized that the real enemy was the noble families, who had the power he was looking for, and that the people within the walls were innocent, merely being controlled and kept in ignorance by those noble families.  He also correctly guessed that there would eventually be other people just like him (RBA) who would come to try and do the same thing. So, when he discovered who among the noble families had the power to control people, he went to them, explained them the situation, and then asked them to either give him the power or use it to protect the people or something like that, but they refused (perhaps because they didn't believe him when he said that people like RBA would come and try to kill everyone). Because of that, he decided that,  in order to stop what he saw as wrong (the noble families controlling the people but not doing anything to protect them), he had to not only take the power by force, but also to make sure that the Reiss would never have that power again. That's why he tried to kill all of them: to end the Reiss bloodline.

After he had taken the power from the Reiss, two things happened. Firstly, he found out that he had been too late to act, as RBA had already invaded and caused the death of thousands, including his wife. Secondly, I don't know how he found that out or why it's like this, but he discovered that, even though he had Frieda's power, he couldn't use it, but that Eren could. So he turned Eren into a titan with that serum and then made him eat him, thereby acquiring that power.

And that's probably what Grisha meant by 'You will be the one to avenge your mother': because the noble families were selfish and kept everyone ignorant, all those innocent people died... Eren's mother died. And Grisha wants Eren to use the power to kill them all, or at least to somehow stop this huge lie that the noble families created with the society within these walls.  









 What happens if an oriental, someone like Levi and Mikasa, gets the Reiss bloodline power? Do they technically become some kind of super powerful being?

What if that's what Grisha was trying to accomplish? Eren is half-oriental through his mom (maybe?), and now he also has the Reiss bloodline power, making him super powerful.  









 Isayama said that he would start answering questions, but literally 90% of what he did was telling us what we already know:

Pixis is the good guy;
Zackley is an evil motherfucker who had it planned all along;
The Ackerman have some kind of special power because of which they were discriminated;
Frida could have been the real deal, but Grisha ate the f*ck out of her, and then he killed everyone else;
Frida's power has to do with control/possession of memories.

I'm sorry, but personally, that was obvious to me a long time ago already. Some of this since chapter 62, and a lot of this stuff since even before that. Can't believe I had to wait a month for this ****. And now I have to wait another 60 days (yes, next month is a break) to be told even more stuff that I probably already more or less know? 

Fuck off. Good luck, Isayama. I'm sure all the brain-dead anime only watchers will make you a load of money when season 2 comes out. Meanwhile, all the decent people who read your story will have to wait  for years before seeing it actually unfold. But I won't be one of them.  




 Hey guys, I recently started my own skyblock-like survival single player world, by making a customized superflat world with nothing but air in it and then adding the first block using a command.

However, now I'm having an issue. Basically when I get into the Nether, it isn't empty like the Overworld, it's just a regular survival world Nether. I'm wondering if there is a way to make it completely empty of blocks like my overworld?

Thanks in advance.  









 Am I the only one who noticed how obvious Isayama was being about this, in the last chapter?

It should be obvious to everyone who read chapter 62 that her main reason for going to the village was to see Historia who, back then, lived on a nearby farm, and that being nice to the villagers was just a cover-up. No?  




 I just thought of something crazy. What if the people within the walls have all something within their body that makes it easier for them to be turned into titans and used as a weapon? We know that a lot of people had their minds wiped in the past. What if, once someone with a coordinate's power has used his powers on someone by connecting to a certain part of their brain, it becomes possible for others with a similar special power to turn them into titans? What if that's how MT was able to turn the people from Connie's village into titans? Even crazier, what if that's what meant when it was said that Grisha saved a bunch of people from a plague? What if he had 'cured' a lot of people by reverting that change in their brain as a part of an experiment to better understand how titans work? 

Maybe that would also explain why RBA wanted to slaughter everyone: they were afraid that, otherwise, all of the people within the walls would eventually be used to attack their village. 

Just some late night thoughts I had. Maybe I'm completely wrong and this is too far-stretched lol.  




 I'll make it short, I've written about this before, but I wanted to make it more formal by making a post about it. I think the room under the chapel (where Eren is being held atm) and the room under Eren's house are both the same thing: some kind of 'control room'. I can't tell how many of these there are, but I think that the walls connect to these rooms from under the ground. When in this 'control room', the coordinate's power is particularly powerful, that's why Rod and Historia could trigger Eren's memories just by touching him near his spine. It's also from one of these rooms that users of the coordinate's power ordered the titans to create the walls, and from which they used their power to wipe the minds of the entire population within the walls a century prior to the start of the story. Grisha was probably going to bring Eren in that room under their basement once Eren had acquired the coordinate's power, and wanted to carry out a plan of his own with that power, but something didn't go as planned.

Also, a theory on why RBA want the coordinate's power. First, titans aren't exactly 'mindless'. They're made to only listen to those who have the coordinate's power. That's why it's called the 'coordinate' by Reiner, because the holder can 'coordinate' titans who otherwise wander in a seemingly mindless manner, trying to eat humans as part of a set of 'hardwired' or pre-programmed behaviors that comes along with being a titan.

When humanity still lived in the old world, someone started turning everyone into titans, and humanity was overwhelmed by the sheer number of titans. So the monarchy left with a few people and left the others to die to titans. However, a few managed to survive somehow... This was RBA's people. Having the coordinate's power would allow them to save what remains of their people and reclaim the land.  

Let me know what you guys think, if this makes sense, if you think I'm right, etc. 














 I believe that, at least a hundred years prior to the start of the story, some people were transformed into the titans that make up the walls right now, with the ability to manipulate the physical matter that consistutes their very being (the titan-like body) in various ways. However, they had to be 'mindless'; this is very important, because like we've seen with Ymir, when 'mindless', the human somewhere within the titan doesn't age physically and can therefore live on as long as he/she is in that state/form.

However, I believe 'mindless' is the wrong term. Titans were made so that they will only listen to/be aware of the existence of the people who possess what Reiner called the 'Coordinate', and will otherwise wander about in a seemingly mindless manner, eating human beings as part of a set of pre-programmed behaviors. Basically, those people can 'coordinate' the titans to do certain things. This excludes titan-shifters, for which I have another theory that I won't discuss here. 

Back to my theory of what happened, the strange room below the Reiss chapel is a 'control room' to which the wall titans are connected. I believe that there are 3 rooms like that, one for every wall, and that another one is what Grisha's basement is. This is why the walls seem to expand underground, because the physical matter that makes up the walls connects the titans to these rooms. This connection not only allows those who possess the coordinate's power to control all the wall titans from those rooms, but also gives them a massive quantity of energy that they can use to use their abilities on a much larger scale than normally, like for wiping out the memories of an entire population. This is why Rod and Historia can trigger Eren's memories just by touching him when he is in that room - because the massive amount of energy coming from the walls makes Eren's abilities particularly powerful.  

However, using the coordinate's power on a large scale puts a lot of strain on the body and can therefore be deadly for its users. The 3 women who wiped out the memories of an entire population probably died doing so, and this is why the walls were named in their honor, because of their noble sacrifice. Regardless, if they were able to do such a thing, I would assume that a single user of the coordinate's power using his abilities to maximum efficiency in one of those control rooms would be able to do something big. I think Grisha wanted to use Eren to carry out that 'something big', and it was something so big that the user would have died in the process, and that's why he couldn't do it himself. He was probably going to get Eren to have the coordinate power, bring him to that room (the basement) and have him use his powers to carry out his own plans. But obviously something went wrong, but that was his original plan.  




 ...that the RBA invasion took place on the same day as Grisha's attack on the Reiss family at the chapel.

I'm not saying that RBA and Grisha are related, or even that RBA, Grisha and the Reiss family are all related, although RBA want the Coordinate's power, which Eren now possesses, and which the Reiss family at least used to possess. So I'd say there's a good chance that this is what links them all. 

In all cases, I doubt Isayama would make those two incredibly important events take place on the same day just to troll us. I think that, whatever business the Reiss were doing below that chapel on that day, both Grisha and RBA knew precisely that it was going to happen on that day and that's why they both chose that day in particular to make their move. Perhaps it has to do with something having to happen every x amount of days. Who knows.

But my point is, it sure as hell isn't a coincidence. 

 









 In the Japanese text that they show in the animate, it is said that the monarchy fled the old world because humanity was unable to match the Titans. Yet it also says that the monarchy used the Titan's power to make the walls on the new continent. So, basically, they could control enormous Titan-shifters to make huge walls, but they couldn't control these Titans to fight off the Titans themselves?

Isn't that contradictory?  




 http://mangafox.me/manga/shingeki_no_kyojin/v12/c047/16.html

What exactly is Berthold referring to, when he says that to Ymir?  




 Isayama said in an interview, a while ago, that by the time the story ends, Armin and Eren wouldn't be friends anymore.

Given what we know now, do you guys think we're in a better position to explain what might be the reasons for that? Basically, what will cause them to not be friends anymore in the future?  




 If Grisha was already a shifter when he attacked the Reiss family, then who did he eat to become one? 

The only people who come from within the walls and who can turn into titans seem to be the members of the Reiss family, one of whom Eren got his titan-shifting powers from. 

Does that mean Grisha came from outside the walls just like Ymir and RBA? 
 









 In the anime, it is stated that, a long time ago, humanity was plagued by a war that had caused the death of most people already when the Titans appeared and humanity, severely weakened, was unable to fight them. Then the monarchy made giant walls on a new continent and a small group made up of the richest and most powerful left on that new continent to escape the Titans.

What do you guys think this war was(or is if it's still going on) about?

Also, an interesting thing to note... The monarchy could use the Titans to make walls, but not to fight off the Titans themselves? Sounds like a contradiction to me.  




 ...is just really hairy as a human?

I know it sounds dumb, but Berthold sweats a lot, and his Titan is all about releasing hot steam.

What if Monkey Trouble simply has a lot of body hair as a human?

Everyone's going crazy with these theories about how he's a true Titan and the original Titan that started it all and all that whacky stuff, but I think he's just a Titan-shifter with some Coordinate-like power and who happens to be really, really hairy as a human.

Am I the only one? 




 Basically, on that day, this is what happens:

-While RBA are invading the walls, Grisha is on his way to the only freaking chapel of its kind within the walls where Rod Reiss and all of his kids (except Historia) are supposedly praying because of said invasion.

-We don't know exactly what happens once he gets there, but it ends in a bloodbath: Grisha slaughters and eats everyone except Rod Reiss. 

-At some point after (not necessarly on the same day), again, we don't know exactly what happens, but Eren turns into a mindless titan and eats his father, becoming a titan-shifter and acquiring the Reiss children's memories in the process. 

And THAT'S IT. All the rest is speculation at this point. If the goal of this chapter was to tell us what went down that day without going into the specifics of how titans work, I'd say it's mission accomplished.

Also, we can make some conclusions out of this anyway:

-Grisha must have had one hell of a burden on his shoulder, because no one starts murdering defenseless children unless they've gone fucking hopeless;

-Eren is screwed, period;

-Erwin's question 'why is Historia so freaking important?' has been partially answered: she is the last living Reiss child;

-It's no coincidence that the RBA invasion and that the chapel massacre went down on the same day, from a literary perspective. So RBA   friends and Grisha are definitly linked somehow;

-Grisha knew the Reiss family and what they were about. We don't know how much he knew about them, or whether he knew any of them personally, but he was definitly aware of their existence and he had definitly seen them before. 

 




 I mean, regardless of what his reasons were... Is there really anything that justifies slaughtering a bunch of children?

It's true that RBA caused the death of a lot of people, but they were brainwashed kids, so I can't really blame them.

On the other hand, Grisha was a fully grown up adult who perfectly undersood the implications of his actions. 

What do you guys think?  




 ***Over 107 years ago, before year 738***: 

-There are some serious and perhaps intentional controversies. It is stated that humanity used to live on another continent in a war-torn world when the titans appeared and it was unable to fight them off. As a result, a small group made up of humanity's richest and most powerful decided to leave to a new continent where huge walls which would serve to protect humanity had already been made. Their goal was to create a world 'free of sins, eternally without strife'. The trip was rough, and only half the boats made it. However, if humanity already possessed a power that allows its users to control titans (and which was used to make the walls themselves) on a seemingly large scale, then how was it unable to 'match the overwhelming force of the titans'? 

-Some time after that, the Coordinate's power is used to wipe the memories of the first generation of people living within the walls, so that no one can remember what happened before and society can start anew, free of titan-related knowledge. 


***Year 770***: 

-Angel Altonen, a weaponsmith, creates the first version of the 3DM.

gear. 

-A 'child of titan' is born. A mother gets eaten, and then regurgitated by a titan who spits her body over the wall after eating her alive. Inside her belly, a living baby is found. 


***Year 773***: 

-Ymir is born, somewhere outside the walls. 


***Year 785***: 

-A large number of people, including Ymir, are turned into mindless titans. 


***At some point between 785 and 844***:

-Reiner, Berthold, Annie, Marcel, and possibly other people are turned into mindless titans, but then somehow become titan-shifters by presumably eating other titan-shifters. 

-Frida, Historia's sister, visits her at the farm where she lives. She teaches her how to be educated as well as, presumably, how to use the Coordinate's power. However, on their last meeting, she makes her forget everything she taught her until they can meet again. 

***Year 844***

-Mikasa's parents are slaughtered by thieves, but Mikasa herself is saved by Eren and his father. Eren's father adopts her as his child and takes her in with his family. 

-Ilse Langner, the last survivor of a Survey Corps expedition outside the walls, encounters a titan who mistakes her for Ymir, and then eats her alive and burries her. The titan is seen crying over her lifeless corpse, and the events are recorded by Ilse in her notebook before her death. The notebook is found in year 845, by Levi and Hange. 


***Year 845***:



-Reiner, Berthold, Annie and Marcel are on their way to infiltrate and destroy humanity, and to retrieve the Coordinate's power. On their way, they encounter Ymir, who somehow eats Marcel and becomes a titan-shifter in the process.

-Some time after, Reiner, Berthold and Annie start the process of destruction of humanity by making a whole in the outermost wall. They also use the confusion that ensues to infiltrate humanity and find information about the Coordinate's power. Ymir also uses the confusion to infiltrate the walls. 

-On that same day, Grisha, Eren's father, goes to a chapel where the Reiss family is praying. There, he turns into a titan, slaughters everyone except Rod Reiss, and eats Frida, who can turn into a titan as well. Some time after, he turns Eren into a titan and gets himself eaten by him, therefore giving him whatever power he acquired by eating her.

-Some time after, Eren has his first dream in which he sees memories of Frida. 

-Some time later during that day, Eren, accompanied by his sister Mikasa and friend Armin, sees his mom getting eaten by a mindless titan and vows to exterminate all titans. 

-2 days after the invasion and the events at the chape, Kenny and Rod Reiss go to the farm where Historia lives with her mother. There, Kenny kills Historia's mother and Rod orders Historia to, from then on, live into hiding under the alias 'Krista Lenz', which is also the name of the girl in the book that Frida used to show her. This is presumably done to protect her Historia from Grisha. 

***Year 846***: 

-The government sends over 250 000 people to their death in order to solve the food supply shortage issue.


***Year 847***: 

-Eren, Mikasa, Armin, Reiner, Berthold, Annie, Ymir, Historia, Sasha, Connie and others join the Trainee Squad.


***Year 850***: 

-All members of the Trainee Corps mentioned above graduate and most of them join the Survey Corps.

-Eren turns into a titan for the first time, which makes Reiner, Berthold Annie suspect that he might be the one they're looking for (the Coordinate). 

-Annie and Berthold use their titan form to further their plan and try to capture Eren which they now suspect. Reiner is also shown working with Annie, although he does not use his titan form. 

-Annie is discovered as the 'Female Titan' and captured, although her titan technology makes it impossible for the Survey Corps to interrogate her. In the process, bits of the walls are removed, which allows the Survey Corps that the walls are probably filled with giant titans.

-At some point during that year or before, another titan-shifter, known as 'Monkey Trouble' infiltrates the wall. He discovers that humanity speaks the same language as him, and that they have developed the 3DMG to fight off titans. He later tests how effective that technology is by turning Connie's village into titans through unknown means and ordering them to attack members of the Survey Corps. In order to protect her comrades, Ymir turns into a titan and fights the mindless titans. Berthold also comes close to turning into a titan in order to protect himself from Ymir, which he initially perceives as an enemy, but changes his mind at the last second when he realizes that she is protecting him. It is unknown whether Monkey Trouble is still within the walls. 

-Also at some point during that year, Rod Reiss sends his men to question and then assassinate Pastor Nick, whom he believes has been giving away information about the true identity of his last living child (Historia).

-Shortly after, Reiner and Berthold suddenly reveal their true nature and mission to Eren, and turn into titans, engage in a fight with the Survey Corps and end up leaving with Eren and Ymir as hostages.

-Later, high up in the trees in one of the giant tree forests within the wall, Reiner and Berthold have a conversation in which they discuss Monkey Trouble, Ymir reveals that she spent 60 years as a mindless titan until she ate their friend Marcel, and Berthold admits that he and Reiner had to go through to the same process as her (eating another titan-shifter) in order to escape their mindless titan form.

-The next day, the Survey Corps goes after Reiner and Berthold. Eren manifests his Coordinate's power for the first time and saves everyone from them by overwhelming them with mindless titans. However, at the last second, Ymir decides to go with Reiner and Berthold and saves them. 

-The following weeks after these incidents are about the Survey Corps trying to and ultimately succeeding in overthrowing the monarchy. Historia and Eren also discovers important parts of their respective histories during the 5 years prior to the start of the series and Historia now believes her father to have been an ally of humanity all along. 





 




 That night when Reiner broke through the wall, he must have seen him or Berthold and he most likely knew that they were titan shifters, given what he knew about titans and based on the fact that he was probably a shifter himself.

I wonder if that's what triggered the sequence of events that happened afterwards. We know what went down at the chapel happened on the same day that Reiner broke through the wall. I wonder if Grisha knew this was gonna happen and was waiting for it to actually happen to start carrying out his plan, or if he used the confusion that followed to his advantage. 

Maybe Grisha knew all the children would be gathered at the chapel to pray and figured it was the best occasion to slaughter them all? Whatever happened, I'm sure it's not a coincidence that this all went down the same day as when Berthold and Reiner invaded the walls. 

 




 We know that the whole scene where Kenny kills Historia's mother and then Rod tells to her to live under a different name happens only 2 days after the events at the chapel.

What if Rod and Kenny did this to protect Historia from Grisha? If Grisha wanted to kill all the Reiss children for whatever reason, then surely Historia would have been his next target. But maybe Grisha ignored what Historia looked like or that she even existed, but Rod didn't know this, so to protect her, he killed everyone that knew her and then made her change her name so that Grisha would never find her. 

Obviously Grisha died not long after the events of the chapel but Rod probably didn't know this either back then. 

What do you guys think? 

I'm basing this on the fact that Rod seems to genuinely care for his children and doesn't come off as the villain as I initially thought he would be. Also, if Grisha was able to kill the Reiss children despite the fact that at least one of them could turn into a titan, then his titan must have been quite dangerous, and Rod might have felt that if Grisha attacked them again, he would not be able to protect Historia from him, and so he figured that her best chances of survival would be if he sent her away from him. That's just a bunch of assumptions though. 

Also, now that I think of it, Historia did say, in the latest chapter, that her father 'didn't have any other choice than to kill Pastor Nick' or something like that. Perhaps that was also to protect Historia?  




 The fish can that Ymir found at Castle Utgard was his. I'm convinced now that he spent quite a bit of time within the walls as a human before turning into a titan, turning connie's village into titans and then leaving. That's how he knew that they speak the same language. 




 I know it sounds crazy, but what if he did? Imagine the following scenario: in an alternate timeline, humanity is destroyed by RBA and their people because the Reiss family is unable to protect the power and it is stolen from them. The power itself needs to be transfered from one generation to another every, say, 50 years, and it's during that time that humanity is the weakest because the new holder is not able to use the power to full effectiveness yet. This is why Reiner refers to that power as the 'Coordinate': because it's a given point in time during which the power is the easiest to steal, in other words, it's a time coordinate. 

Grisha returns in time just some time before RBA invade humanity in order to thwart their plans. He goes to the chapel the night the transfer is supposed to happen, interrupts it, transfers the power into Eren instead, and hopes that by the time RBA's people figure out that Eren is the new holder of that power they're looking for, he will have had enough time to go to the basement and learn how to use the power to protect himself and humanity from them. By doing so, the power is never stolen, humanity is never destroyed, and Grisha has altered the course of history. 

What do you guys think?  




 What if Reiner called the special power the 'Coordinate' not because it happens at a given location, but because it happens at a certain point in time? What if he meant that it's a 'time coordinate', a certain point in time at which the power gets passed down from one generation to the other and humanity is therefore at its weakest? 

I'm going to make a bold claim here, and say that the night the fall of the wall happened, the Reiss family wasn't just praying, they were also preparing the ritual to transfer the power. What if the power has to be transferred after a certain number of years? 

I'm going to make an even bolder claim, and say that Reiner, Berthold and Grisha all come from the future. That's why Reiner and Berthold have a seemingly more advanced Titan technology. In an alternate timeline, RBA manage to destroy humanity and take back the Coordinate's power. However, Grisha knew this, so he came back in time as well, hoping to alter the course of history. That day when Reiner destroyed the wall, he knew very well that that wasn't a regular mindless Titan, and that was his signal for the start of the invasion by RBA's people. 

In an alternate timeline, humanity got destroyed because the Reiss family were unable to protect themselves. So that night he went to the chapel, tried to convince them that he needed to take the power in order to protect humanity, but they obviously refused to believe him, so he had to take drastic measures. He got into a fight with them, killed them all, took the power, and gave it to his son. 

He was hoping that, Eren. not being suspected by RBA, would have enough time to go to the basement, learn how to use the power, and save humanity from the Titan invasion. I'd say this was a huge gamble, and it almost failed, but in the end it did work, as Eren was able to use his power to get away from Reiner in chapter 50. 

What do you guys think? I know the story Isayama takes inspiration from is big on time travelling, and this would answer a lot of questions about the mysteries of the story so far.  




 I don't know if you guys remember, but in a conversation with Hanji, Erwin said that the question that would answer all the questions was basically: 'Why do the Reiss want Historia even though she doesn't have any power?'

As of chapter 62, I still feel like this is really true.  




 My theory is simple: what if Grisha made a mistake that night at the chapel? What if he lacked an important piece of info or something simply didn't go the way he expected?

I've concluded that it's impossible to determine what really happened that night, because not only do we have too little information about the exact series of events, but we also know little about the Titans themselves. In fact, at this point we know so little about them that it's impossible to determine whether the Reiss are something special or rare. What I mean by that is that there might be other people like the Reiss family out there, or other people with a ''Coordinate's power''. All we know is that they have something related to Titans. 

Furthermore, not only do we not know what happened that night, but we also ignore both what exactly happened between him and his son and how much time passed between the events and the chapel and the events between him and his son.

Finally, we also ignore Grisha's intentions, knowledge and background or life experiences. Why did he do this? How much did he know about the Titans' nature, and about the Reiss family and the Coordinate's power and the relationship between the two? How did he come to acquire all of his knowledge? That's possibly the most important thing, or set of things that we do not know about. At the very least, it's safe to assume that he was very aware of the Titans' existence, and that he knew of methods to turn people into what we call ''mindless Titans'' as well as methods of turning mindless Titans into what we call ''Titan-shifters'' (people who can turn into a Titan, but also retain control of their human body and can switch back and forth between the two forms). It's also likely that he possessed the physical means to turn someone into a mindless Titan, but that's not certain. 

But that's really all we know about him. A lot of what we've been told about him feels intentionally vague, and what we have been shown about what happened that night could very well be intentionally misleading. So the only theory I feel that it's reasonable to come up with is that he made a mistake, that something went wrong somehow. The thing about science is that it's often extremely reliable unless you have a relatively large sample to work with. So if something did, in fact, go wrong that night, then we can assume one of two things: either he conducted some experiments on Eren, and the latter didn't respond the way he had anticipated, or there was a crucial piece of information about either the Reiss family, the Coordinate's power or the Titans themselves that he didn't have and which caused things to go wrong. 

Regardless of what happened, I feel like, ultimately, it all comes down to 2 distinct theories: either Grisha getting himself eaten wasn't accidental and he wanted that to happen for some reason, or something went wrong which caused him to get eaten. In case he did get himself eaten on purpose, it might be because something went wrong and he did that as a last resort. At this point, the only thing that I'm truly convinced of is that something wrong that night for Grisha, and that's what lead to things going the way they did, regardless of whatever really went on that night.

 




 ...Is how he became a Titan-shifter in the first place.

We know he didn't eat anyone from the Reiss family, because he murdered them all some time after becoming a Titan-shifter himself.

So he must have eaten someone too, but who? The only titans within the walls that we know of are the Reiss family, Eren and his father. The others come from outside the walls, and are very different from Eren.  

Furthermore, eating another Titan-shifter cannot be the only way to become a shifter yourself, because otherwise, how did it all start? But if Grisha knew of that method that doesn't require the eating of someone, then why did he sacrifice himself to Eren? It must be because eating was the only way he knew or had access to, which means that he must have eaten someone in order to become a titan-shifter himself.

Clearly, he knew how to turn people into mindless titans because he did it for Eren, but who did he eat to become a shifter himself? Forcibly, there must have been other people within the walls who were titan-shifters in the past. Either that, or he comes from outside the walls. 

Also, what prevented him from doing whatever he had in mind himself? What made it so that he had to give the power to his son instead? His sacrifice cannot have been accidental, because he became a shifter himself and could turn people into titans, so he must have known how the whole process works.  




 When he said 'you're the last person in the world who should have this, Eren', I know he was referring to the Coordinate's power, but what did he mean by that?

Is it because of Eren's personality, which Reiner thinks makes him unfit to possess that kind of a power? Or is it because of Eren's circumstances?

At first I thought that he simply meant that Eren should not have possession of this power because he does not know how to use it and has no one to teach him how to do so, or because him having it could make it easy for some people, like the monarchy, to steal it.  But now I'm starting to think that he might have meant that Eren is an impulsive, irrational brat who is not the right type of person to hold such a burden...

In all cases, regardless of whether Reiner is 'evil' or not, it's at least safe to assume that he knows more about this power than most if not all of the other main characters at this point, so if he says that Eren should not have it for whatever reasons, then I trust him. I'm not saying he's right, but he's the only one whom I feel has enough information about this situation to have an opinion about it.  




 Source: http://mangakansou.com/%E3%80%90%E3%83%8D%E3%82%BF%E3%83%90%E3%83%AC%E3%80%91%E9%80%B2%E6%92%83%E3%81%AE%E5%B7%A8%E4%BA%BA%E3%80%8062%E3%80%80%E6%84%9F%E6%83%B3%E3%80%90%E6%B3%A8%E6%84%8F%E3%80%91/

Basically, there's a discussion between Erwin and Zackley about the future of humanity. Zackley tells Erwin that even though he wanted to overthrow the monarchy as well, their motives for doing so are very different. 

Then there's a discussion between the members of the Survey Corps, they talk about a chapel were members of the Reiss family were killed years ago, and conclude that they should head there.

Then the story switches to a large cave, where Historia tells Eren that her father has been an ally of humanity all along.

Then Rod Reiss tells Eren that even though he has never been here, he should have memories of this place.

Then Rod Reiss and Historia touch Eren's back, and then Eren has a flashback of the Reiss family praying in a chapel, then his father (Grisha) setting fire to the chapel, and then his father extracting the Titan's power from a Titan that looks like Historia. 

Then Rod Reiss says: Do you remember your father's sins now?

Then Eren has another flashback, his father cutting his own arm off and then himself in his Titan form attacking someone.

Then Eren has an horrified look on his face.

End.  




 Basically, I think all Reiss girls are ''vessels'' for the Coordinate's power, and that Historia is merely a back up one.

From my understanding, the Coordinate's power seems to be a special version of the Titan's shifter power, and, in order to acquire that power, the user has to become what the reddit community calls a 'mindless Titan' first.

So this is what happens: upon birth, the Reiss girl gets turned into a mindless Titan, and then literally eats her predecessor (the Reiss girl who had the Coordinate's power before her), acquiring both her power and her memories in the process. I'm unable to explain for what purpose the previous holder's memories are acquired, but perhaps it has to do with the nature of the Coordinate's power itself.

However, in case the Reiss girl is, for whatever reason, unable to acquire the Coordinate's power, then there needs to be a ''backup vessel'' that can hold the power until there is a girl from the following generation who is ready. I think Historia is that backup. She is an unlawful heir, and not a true Reiss, but she can still hold the Coordinate's power. However, because this heir is not legitimate, it cannot have a will of its own. That's why Historia was not killed, but also not raised properly. Because her mother didn't care, she has low self-esteem, lacks self-control, and struggles to create relationships. Therefore, she's easy to be toyed around and controlled by Rod Reiss until another Reiss girl is born and ready to eat her. In other words, she is the perfect backup vessel for the Reiss family.

Also, I think this is why Geographia was teaching her. She was teaching her how to use her power properly to serve the Reiss family in case she is actually needed as a vessel, but was also making it so that she forgets all of what she knows unless she's in presence of Geographia, so that she can do nothing on her own. 




 









 ...all have the same last name? 

You know, for Levi, can I understand, because he did say that Kenny kind of raised him when he was a kid. So I can see how Kenny giving him his last name would make sense.

But Mikasa... what does she have to do with all of this? Is it because she's an 'Oriental' (whatever that's supposed to mean), and Kenny and Levi are that too? Are they supposed to be related by blood? Or is Ackerman some kind of code name for people who are part of a particular group or possess some kind of special ability or are special in some way? Is it a codename for people who are 'Orientals'?

I re read through a lot of chapters, especially those in which Mikasa and Levi are involved together, and I found nothing about this. In fact, I'm pretty sure the fact that Levi and Mikasa have the same last name is never mentioned or brought up in any way whatsoever. Kinda strange. They've known each other for, what?, years now?, and they've never discussed that? 

And now Kenny also has that last name and there isn't anything said about it? 

Am I missing something crucial here? Are we supposed to actually know what that means and I'm just retarded?
 




 I'm surprised so few people are discussing this, but in the chapter 50 extra, Historia reveals that Krista Lenz was the name of the girl in the book Geographia was making her read in that flashback. That girl was also seen doing something with the Titans.

Does it mean there was actually a girl named Krista Lenz who lived at some point in the past? I mean, if she was in a book about the Titans, and Rod Reiss also used her name for Historia, it can't be a coincidence...  




 At the end of chapter 50, the narrator (which appears to be Historia), says 'I couldn't understand Ymir's actions at that time...'

Does that mean that what we're reading right now is humanity's past narrated from Historia's point of view?  




 After all that's happened to him, I wonder if he understands... if he understands that it can't be as simple as just 'murdering all the Titans', that there are actual people to blame for everything that's happened to him so far, and that these people sure aren't just Reiner and Berthold. Most importantly, I wonder if he understands that there is still a LOT of things that he can't and doesn't understand about himself, about the world surrounding him?

And if he does understand all these things now, I wonder if it will tone down his constant range, and make him take a more rational approach to all this? 

What do you guys think? Basically, my question is, has Eren grown psychologically, or is he still the same angry fit brat who wants to murder all titans?  




 She refused to tell him what she knows about the world and Titans, and she ran away with the two people he hates the most at the moment.

After chapter 50, do you guys think Eren sees her as an enemy?  




 Why? Because we're all expecting a crazy reveal... some awe-inducing, insanely complicated scientific explanation behind the whole Titan thing. And Isayama is a mangaka, not a scientist with decades of research on humans' central nervous system under his belt, so he's not gonna be able to live up to those expectations. At least not to mine. 

I know this is going to be controversial, but hang in there for a second. I believe that, the manga at least, has been hugely popular so far because of the extent to which it is shrouded in mistery... Everyone is eager to know about what exactly the Titans are, about the world's history, and about everything that relates to that, such as whether Monkey Trouble is a titan shifter or something else, who are RBA's people, what is the Coordinate's power, where is Grisha and what has he done to Eren, etc. And so the hype about all those mysteries is building up, and the expectations have become incredibly high.

But when shit hits the fan, and the time for Isayama to give us all the answers to those mysteries comes, is it going to be as awesome as everyone is expecting? Like I said, everyone is waiting for some crazy scientific theory maybe mixed with a bit of fantastic stuff, but in all cases, something that gives everyone the nerdgasm they've been building up to for years... And there's a good chance that Isayama isn't gonna be able to come up with something like that. That it won't be nearly as complicated or original or mind-blowingly awesome as everyone is hoping. 

Anyway, I might be a negativist, a pessimistic... But that's what I think. And to think that makes me sad, but thanks to that I'm avoiding building my hopes up super high only to fall from my high horse down the road.  




 Ok, I don't know if I'm the only one with this issue, but I've been trying to build a witch hut farm using this design:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_531937991 feature=iv src_vid=PzR0hfkhxmE v=RGynJ0yOhmA

I've used docm77's 1.8 fix, and the side with the comparators and repeaters works just fine, but the other side, the one with just the comparators, doesn't work for me, and I can't figure out why. Basically, the pistons that are supposed to push the redstone blocks just don't get activated on that side. To be more precise, it's also the side with the glass blocks.

Anyone knows why this is happening? 




 Am I the only one who wouldn't be surprised if we learned, at some point in the future, that the Titan's power was made as some kind of war weapon? It's been implied that the world of SnK has been at war for centuries. What if the Titan's weapon was the result of a major scientific breakthrough that had then been used as a weapon to turn the tide of a world conflict? 

If you think about it, it has formidable war-related applications:
You can turn enemy soldiers into mindless giant zombies that turn against their own people by trying to eat them;
You can turn your own soldiers into 'war machines' with super-human healing/regenerative capacities and which become vastly stronger upon being wounded;
If your soldiers ever disobey you or become unfit for warfare, you can replace them by having someone else eat them...?;
You can increase your soldiers' lifespan by turning them back into mindless Titans when you don't need them for warfare...? (since it's been shown that humans don't age as mindless titans).

And, on top of that, there's also that mysterious power that Reiner referred to as the 'Coordinate' and which seems to be very special... Do I even need to mention the formidable uses that this power can have? With this, you don't even need to fight the enemy, you just need to mind-control them into obeying your orders.   




 Personally, I don't. I merely see them as illustrating the moral complexity of the story, and that there is a lot of going on outside the walls, and that there are different factions whose interests are clashing. 

Sure, RBA have indirectly caused the deaths of many innocent people by tearing a hole in the wall. But then again, how many innocent people did the Survey Corps kill and that could have possibly regained control of their human form? Also, the monarchy has killed countless people who were a 'little too smart' on top on altering the memories of entire generations. 

So yeah, I don't see RBA as evil. Just another one of the story's factions/groups with its own interests. At this point, every group in the story has been killing and doing arguably evil things in order to serve its own interests.  




 In chapter 50, when Eren first manifests his Coordinate's powers, Reiner says that they 'must retrieve it' referring to the Coordinate. In the dictionary, to retrieve means 'to recover' or to 'bring back'. Therefore, when Reiner says that, it is implied that his people once had that power.

We know that the monarchy has had that power for at least a hundred years. Now if the Coordinate's power was stolen from RBA's people over a hundred years ago, why did they wait this long to send people to try and retrieve it?

Also, Berthold implied in his conversation with Ymir that he had spent quite a bit of time as a mindless Titan too, unless he ate someone, possibly a Titan-shifter. 

My theories is therefore that most of RBA's people were turned into mindless Titans some time after losing the Coordinate's power, and spent decades unable to control their body until some of them found a way to return to their human form. And I also believe that this only happened in recent times, which is why it's only now that they sent warriors to try and retrieve it, instead of, say, 50 or 30 years ago.

So, about RBA's age, I'd say, based on everything I just wrote, that there's a good chance that they are actually decades old just like Ymir.  




 A lot of people are trying to come up with elaborated theories as to why Reiner chose THAT timing to reveal  his identity and finally try to carry out his plan of bringing Eren back to his 'hometown'.

In plain terms, I don't think there is any elaborated theory here. I think he simply lost it, and went full retard. It's true that they were being suspected of being Annie's accomplices, but they obviously had no idea about that. Besides, the Survey Corps had no way of figuring out their real identity unless they blatantly made use of their titan's powers in front of them. 

They could have used their position as soldiers within the Survey Corps to keep gathering useful information and eventually come up with an elaborated to kidnap Eren relatively easily and safely. 

But instead, Reiner decided to reveal everything just like that, at a random place and time when the entire Survey Corps was chilling just a few footsteps away from them. It doesn't make sense, especially when you're a highly trained soldier who was entrusted with the task of carrying out a very important mission (wiping out humanity and bringing back the Coordinate). 

I think this was very unprofessional of Reiner and Annie, simply put. Berthold didn't want Reiner to do this, you could clearly tell, and in a way he is the only one who carried his mission until the end... Reiner became conflicted and did something that had clearly not been thought through, and Annie developed a soft spot for some people that she could have easily killed when it was necessary (like Armin). 

TL;DR title pretty much, Reiner went full retard, and Annie too, and that's why their mission failed in the end. 

 









 and actually make Eren get eaten and die.

Because, let's be realistic here, everyone is expecting Eren to not get eaten and everyone is expecting the Reiss family and Kenny   friends to ultimately fail. 

But I think the story would take a very interesting turn if, for example, Historia does get Eren's power, but then turns against her own family and the monarchy, and ends up using her new powers against them and saving the Survey Corps from all dying. In fact, I think any scenario in which Eren as well as some other Survey Corps members end up dying would be quite interesting and completely unexpected. 

But obviously this won't happen because Isayama isn't GRM and this isn't GoT... Although Isayama did say in an interview that he was planning to make SnK a 'everyone dies in the end' kind of story, but that was before the story got insanely popular worldwide, so yeah, I have low hopes here...  




 It's technically impossible that having a mindless Titan eat another Titan shifter be the only method to become a Titan shifter yourself, because if it is, then how did the very first Titan shifter come to be?
There has to be at least one if not multiple other ways to become a Titan shifter.

Now I'm starting to think that the Titan's power being transferrable through eating is either an unwanted and unplanned side effect of the whole thing, OR a later modification that someone made to turn the Titan's power against its maker.

I think something like this happened: Someone made two variants of the Titan's power, one that neutralizes the enemies by turning them into mindless creatures that will turn against their own people by trying to eat them, and another much more powerful version where the user keeps control of his body and becomes a powerful human weapon. The first version was used on the creators' enemies, and the second one on their allies.

However, later, someone turned that weapon against its creators, by making it so that the mindless Titans can 'steal' the second more powerful version of the Titan's power by 'eating' those who possess it, also regaining control of their human body in the process.

I think RBA's people were on the 'brink of extinction' (i.e. in the process of all being turned into mindless Titans) until a few of them managed to capture enemy shifters and have their own people eat them. Berthold did imply that they had to eat people. I'm also not sure what the Coordinate's power has to do with all of this though, but I'm pretty sure that having it would allow them to turn the tide of whatever war/conflict they're caught into, given how powerful that power actually is when the user knows how to use it to the fullest extent. Also, Reiner did say that they must 'retrieve it', implying that they once had control of it, so they must know how to use it. 






 




 I mean, come on, this was a little too easy, right? These old noble men, all they do is spit out a lot of big words. And when you stop listening to those big words, they become powerless.

The real final battle/faceoff will be against Kenny   friends, who not only possess the anti-human 3 dimensional gear, but have also been shown to be far more skilled and to have far more knowledge than the other people serving the monarchy. 

These people are probably where the Reiss family is, and that place is also most likely where Eren is being held. They are obviously the people with the actual power within the walls, and if the Survey Corps can't defeat them, then I believe they won't have made any significant progress, even if they got rid of the old noble men who, when you think about it, have no actual power and are only there to look good while the Reiss get the dirty job done with the help of Kenny   friends. Think about it... Even if now the masses know what's really going on, all they have to do, once they have Eren's power, is use it to wipe everyone's minsd and then boom, everything that the SC has done so far is in vain. 

Also, I believe that Kenny has always been a part of this... Even when he was murdering soldiers in the capital, it was also in the name of whatever purpose he's serving right now. I'll even take it a step further, and say that he is the mastermind behind all of this, at least in the present day (since the walls have obviously been up for longer than he's been alive). In other words, he's been running the show for a while now. Either him, or the leader of the Wall Cult is the actual leader within these walls. And right below that leader is Rod Reiss (in terms of power/influence). 



 




 I think the link between them is simple. Historia is the latest member of the true royal family, and Eren somehow possesses the Coordinate's power.

Rod Reiss doesn't want to eat Eren himself (like Hanje said), he wants Historia to do it. Whatever happened to Geographia (the person to previously have Eren's power and who looked a hell of a lot like Historia), it's obvious she doesn't have that power anymore. Maybe she's dead. We don't know her fate yet, but it's irrelevant for now. 

In all cases, if the monarchy still had her power, they wouldn't have told Erwin that they are 'waiting for those guys to have that power', they would have used 'that power' already instead, and people would have been mind-wiped already by now. 

There's a lot of complex theories out there, but I think it's that simple. The plan is for Historia to eat Eren so that the Coordinate's power can return to the Reiss family. 

 




 We know from the manga and anime that, originally, humanity was on the brink of extinction because of war. One day, a bunch of rich people left in boats and made it to a new continent where walls had been 'prepared' for humanity to live in and where it would live in a world 'eternally without strife'. Then they altered the memories of the first generation and made all outside world knowledge taboo and all that stuff.

What if this was originally done with good intentions? Humanity was at war for whatever reasons, and then someone started turning people into mindless Titans, hoping it would rally the different nations under a single cause as they would have to work together in order stop the Titan's 'virus'. However, this backfired, and the war escalated as those different nations tried to have sole possession of that Titan's power.

Over time, some people saw how vicious humans were in their natural environment, and how the Titan's power had just made things worse, and they started dreaming of a better world. In other words, what if those people originally wanted to create a legitimately happy functioning society, also known as a utopia? A world free of not only technology that makes it easier for humans to kill each other, but more importantly, free of the Titan's power, which, in the past, had clearly failed to bring people together.

However, their enemies were strong, and so they still needed to use the Titan's power themselves if they wanted that dream world to become reality. They knew that their society would never work if people knew that there was actually something outside, so they decided to use drastic measures in order to make it work. 

Over time, like in all typical utopic societies, some of the people in charge became greedy and selfish, as their immense wealth and knowledge started getting to their head. And that's why we have people like the fake King Fritz in the current story. But I believe there are also people with good intentions and who have kept the original goal of having this better world in mind. I believe Pastor Nick to be one of those people: When he saw the struggle of the masses within the walls, it affected him deeply, but he decided, based on what he had been taught, that things would become much worse if he let out the secrets of the world, and so he was genuinely ready to die in order to protect them. And in the end, he probably did (although he might have also been killed because they suspected him of giving away some of those secrets, but that's another story).  

Now, obviously, I'm not saying that all the people currently in power are not corrupt and selfish assholes. In fact, I believe they are deliberately portrayed as such. But my point is that this world within the walls, which by now is clearly a lie to the reader (and by that, I mean that there's clearly a lot of going on outside and these walls aren't all there is about the world), was originally created with good intentions

Also, was it right to take away people's free will and keep them from finding out about the world outside through whatever means necessary, even if it means murdering those who are a 'little too smart'? Well, probably not, but I don't think anyone can question the genuine desire to make the world a better place from which this whole thing started. 









 I think the reason why we're only seeing tiny bits of what's going on with Rod, Historia and Eren is because Isyama is slowly building up to something big with this whole scene, and by big, I mean a piece of information that is big compared to what we've been spoonfed so far.

I could be wrong, but I believe Isayama said in an interview that Eren would learn a 'horrible truth' around volume 15, I believe this is what he is building up to right now and that we're gonna learn about it in chapter 63 or possibly even 62. 

Now, as to why Historia is talking so casually with Rod while Eren is in chains on some kind of altar, in my opinion, it's either because Historia has been brainwashed into believing that whatever the hell is going on there is fine, OR, in a plot twist, it's because she's playing along until the Survey Corps shows up. OR, in an even more twisted plot twist, this isn't actually Historia, but a relative of her family that looks a lot like her, and Historia is being held captive somewhere else.

 




 I cannot tell you from where I got this, but all I can say is that comes partially from 4chan and also from another Chinese source who has apparently obtained some info on things that will be revealed by Isayama in the next 3 chapters, starting with a flash back involving Erwin in 61.

First, what my source tells me is that there indeed titans in the walls, and that these titans are a means of controlling the masses. The real people in power are the noble families, who possess the means to 'activate' or 'call forth' those Titans and have them alter the minds of the people, like Geographia did to Historia. Apparently it has something to do with their huge size, but this was too unclear for me to state much about it. 

I know it's hard to believe, but bear with me here, you will see this all unfolding in the next few chapters. 
 




 ...for the Survey Corps when that's basically what they've been doing since the start of the story - killing humans? 

It's been shown that humans who were turned into Titans can be brought back to their human form, which means they are still alive.

In other words, they've been killing breathing humans all along.  




 This is what got me into SnK in the first place: the hope of seeing badass Titan fighting scenes. The Clash of Titans arc made my wish come true, but all it really did in the end was leave me wanting much, much more.

I had initially thought the Clash of Titans arc was merely the beginning of it all, but never was I so wrong... All we got afterwards is people with no Titan form, shooting at each other with 17th century guns. 

Whatever the Titan's power is, it's obvious by now that the SnK world is full of people who possess it, so why not give us Titan fighting, Isayama? 

I'm sorry, but the current arc is super-extra-mega boring. I want Muay Thai fighting Titan shifters and godzilla-sized ones. I want pure destruction! If the Coordinate's power is really as important as Reiner says... if the old world societies have really been at war with each other for centuries like the story seems to imply... then why isn't there a bunch of people trying to retrieve it? Why just RBA? 

Sounds like what's going with their 'hometown' would be a lot more interesting to read than this boring ass excuse of a story we've got going at the moment.  




 http://calorescence.tumblr.com/post/51450703198/did-you-know-the-inside-covers-of-the-japanese

'Unable to match the overwhelming force of the Titans, humanity was forced to sail to a new world. At this time, most of humanity had been annihilated, but the majority of this was at the hands of their fellow humans.'

'In the new world, great walls had previously been prepared.'

This is contradictory, because we now know the walls were made using the Titan's power, and if they made the walls using that, it means they knew how to use it. And if they knew how to use the Titan's power, then how could they have been 'unable to match the overwhelming force of the Titans'?

Or maybe that's what they wanted everyone to believe?

Somebody explain this one to me.  




 It's hard to see that if you can't read Japanese, but at some point in the anime there's some text shown and which basically states that, long before some people even left for the new continent where the walls would be eventually, the world was war-torn. And because of that, there weren't many humans left.

I'm wondering why the world was at war. Any idea? 




 What if Lod Reiss actually IS the highest authority within the Walls, and the reason why Kenny isn't answering to him is simply because he's working for someone OUTSIDE the walls? 

IMO, it's either Kenny is working for people that don't live in these walls, OR the actual authority is the leader of the Wall cult, and he has hired Kenny to make sure that no one finds out the truth about the world in which they live. That would make sense, since, in ancient times, the religious leader often had more power than the king himself.  




 From pages 42 to 45 of chapter 48, I think there is a lot of foreshadowing, and I'm saying that having a good idea of how Isayama does things. 

'Being hated by people...' - Picture of Eren: I think this means Eren will be hated by everyone because of his powers.

'Only the time that we were acting as soldiers was... enjoyable...' - Picture of Reiner: He will never be able to fully go back to who he was before the attack on the walls because of his time spent with the Survey Corps; he will have an identity struggle.

'Please, somebody... I'm begging, somebody please find us' - Pictures of Ymir/Berthold: I don't know what this could mean specifically, but I think it hints at how all of the shifters have miserable lives and we will learn that in the future.

'Somebody will have to stain their hands with blood' - Picture of Armin: Armin will have to learn how to become an evil motherfucker who slaughters a bunch of people, basically. This is trending with his character development so far, so it makes sense to me.  









 When Berhold says this to Ymir:

'It can't be helped if you don't remember. It was the same for us, too. Eren doesn't seem to remember either. So that's how it works....'

What exactly is he talking about?  




 Erwin said that by fightning Annie and all, they had chosen the lesser of two evils. 

Well, what if that's what RBA have been doing all along so far, choosing the lesser of two evils? What if they had no choice? What if the survival of their own people depends on whether they retrieve the 'Coordinate' or not? 

Ymir told Eren, referring to R B, to not 'make such small fry his enemy', implying that there are some much more dangerous people out there who are probably the ones behind all this. Also, the way R B have been talking ever since the big reveal, it sounds like there's a part of them that didn't want to have a part in all of this, that they would have actually preferred to be simple members of the Survey Corps fighting Titans in order for humanity to survive. 

Ever since that big reveal, many people have been portraying them as villains, but something tells me that they're merely pawns trapped in a great game of chess that some people (or at least some sentient beings) are playing. 

Anyone else feels this way? By the way, I'm not justifying their actions, I'm just saying that it's probably a lot more complex than just a bunch of kids being sent to destroy humanity.  




 She was right when she said she wanted to take Historia away because the world inside the walls would soon turn to hell.

Pretty sure that's what's happening right now. It has begun. First the end of the monarchy, which leads to chaos. And then the Titans inside the walls wake up, rise and march.  




 I've noticed that the term is used quite a bit in the story. In fact, RBA all seem to refer to themselves as 'warriors'.

I wanted to know what that could possibly mean, so I've done a little bit of research, and what I found allowed me to come to many interesting conclusions. 

If you look up the definition of the term in any dictionary, you will see those 2 definitions:

1) Someone who is experienced or engaged in warfare; a soldier;

2) Someone who has shown vigor, courage or agressiveness in an activity, cause or conflict.

However, it's actually more complicated than that. I've done a bit of research. In our modern world, the term 'warrior' is mostly an anachronism, referring to the Middle Ages, when most states recognized warriors as a separate caste within an army (knight, samurai, etc). These people usually had high athletic abilities and fought on the ground with nothing but an armor and some kind of weapon.

Nowadays, the term that widely replaces warrior is 'soldier', and the only exceptions are in the context of propaganda, when people are being encouraged to take part in a conflict or cause.
In other words, it is mostly used metaphorically.

Based on this, the question here is: are there actual warriors, people trained specifically for combat and recognized as such within their  own society, in Shingeki no Kyojin? In that case, 'warrior', I would guess, refers to people who possess/have been given the Titan's power and are trained to use it for military purposes. I'd say the answer is yes, because I think it's highly unlikely that some random kids would have this kind of power and be sent into enemy territory to carry out a dangerous mission. Wherever RBA come from, people are probably trained for this kind of thing from a very young age and warfare is probably an omnipresent thing. In other words, is it probably a highly militaristic society. 

If I'm right, this also tells us a lot about the level of technology they have in Shingeki no Kyojin. If people could blow each other up in a few minutes using nuclear bombs like we do, there would be no need for a thing such as the Titan's power. In our society, warrior castes, that is, people who actually fight themselves and use their athletic abilities as their main 'weapon', started disappearing as technology started advancing rapidly and warfare started becoming more of an intellectual thing. In fact, nowadays, that's what warfare is: entirely an intellectual thing, and very little manpower is actually required. Just fast planes and anti-missile shields and missiles that can reach their target from super far and nuclear bombs that can destroy all life in a relatively short period of time. 

To say this differently and also conclude, their technology is probably very limited outside of things that relate to the Titan's power. In fact, if some religious freaks used the Titan's power itself to build those huge walls, it's probably because it was the most efficient way of doing so. On the other hand, I would guess that Titan's power-related technology is probably a lot more advanced than we have been shown so far. For people outside the walls, this whole Titan thing, whatever it is, is probably a widely known and common thing that everyone uses for various purposes, or at least for war. 




 




 So it's pretty much canon now that there's a whole world full of human beings outside of the walls, right?

I mean, first, in the anime it says that, a long time ago, a bunch of well-off religious men made huge ass walls using the Titan's power and then brought a bunch of people with them there by crossing the ocean with boats.

Secondly, we know from the manga that RBA clearly come from somewhere outside the walls. 

Also, it's been hinted in the manga that the government erased the memories of the people who came from outside of the walls. Add to that the censoring of books, suppression of technology, religious propaganda, etc..

If this isn't the author telling us 'The people Inside the walls have been living one big lie for over a century now', then I don't know what it is.  




 Wikipedia defines eating as 'the ingestion of food or other object, usually to provide heterotrophic organism particularly for energy and growth.' Maybe some of the Titanized humans rely on some source of energy, but by no stretch of the imagination do they need any kind of food in order to survive. We've seen what happens when they eat human flesh: it just stays in their body, and when there's no room for it anymore, they just start regurgitating it. 

 So why do Titans manifest the behavior of 'eating' human flesh? Well, in the past, I was totally puzzled by that question, but I believe the answer's been given to us in one of the recent chapters, through that conversation between Ymir and Berthold about Ymir's past. Out of that conversation, we can come to two inferences: first, when humans get turned into mindless Titans, there's still some part of their body that remains somewhere in there, and they are still conscious to a certain extent, although they have obviously no control of their actions; and secondly, through a process that involves a mindless Titan literally ingesting the body of a Titan-shifter, the former can acquire the latter's power and regain control of his body. 

 Now, based on this, here's my theory:

 I believe that, at the start, there were at least two people at war with each other. One of them somehow developped what we know as the Titan's power, and then made two variants of it: one that would not only render their enemies powerless, but also turn them against their own people, by transforming them into mindless Titans that are programmed to try and 'eat' humans; and another much more powerful variant that would allow them to empower their own people and turn them into weapons of war (aka the Titan-shifters). 

 However, later, someone else acquired that Titan's power and turned it against its creator, by altering it so that people who would be turned into mindless Titans would be able to steal a Titan-shifter's power through a process that would involve ingesting his body. 

 I know it's somewhat far-strected, but there are two things that make me believe this. 

 First, we know from the anime that the world outside the walls is a war-torn one, and that the first generation of people who came to the world within the walls were lead by a bunch of religious, well-off men who wanted to establish a war-free society. Furthermore, it was said that the walls had been created using the Titan's power prior to the arrival of the people there, which implies that the Titan's power existed long before that.

 Secondly, we know from both the anime and the manga that the society in which RBA live seems to be a typically ruthless, warfare-oriented one, in which people start training for fightning at a young age and fight all their life. 

 Based on that, I believe that the people living outside the walls have been at war and fightning each other using the Titan's power for a very long time, possibly for centuries before the start of the story. And it's easy to imagine how having the Coordinate's power would allow RBA's people to turn the tide of that war/conflict that they're in.

 Anyway, tell me what you guys think. This is my theory on why Titans try to 'eat' people even though they get seemingly no benefit from doing so, based mostly on that conversation between Berthold and Ymir about the latter eating the former's friend who was most likely also a Titan-shifter.  









 Hanji told Erwin that, if they found out why the people in power within the walls want Historia even though she has none of the knowledge about the Titans that people in the family usually have, they would solve all of the mysteries.

Well, simply put, I think that something has changed and now Historia is the only suitable person within the Reiss family who can receive the Coordinate's power. Remember, Kenny Ackermann didn't mind coldly killing Historia right in front of her father the last time he saw her. If he still wanted to kill her, I think he would have done it a while ago. 

I believe that a certain Titan's power can be passed from one person to another, and that, somehow, the memories of those who had that power previously can be accessed. That's why Eren's father told him 'their memories will help you'. That's also why Eren can have 'visions' of Geographia. 

The way I see it, the Coordinate's power was always possessed by a member of the Reiss family up until Eren, and that is why they are the real royalty. The last person to have it before Eren was the mysterious mind-wipping girl (a.k.a Geographia). How do I know she was a member of the Reiss family? Well, first, she was taking care of Historia, probably because the latter was a relative, and also because she was the only one who could have a contact with her without getting in trouble due to her powers. Secondly, in his 'vision', Eren sees her living in luxury, almost like a princess. 

Now, why Historia would be the only suitable person, well, I'm not sure, but I have a few theories. Maybe, a simple reason is that she is the only/last living member of the latest generation of the family, or maybe only certain people can receive that power and they want to know if Historia is one of them. 

Anyway, tell me what you guys think. But I'm almost certain that Geographia was the previous Coordinate/had the Coordinate's power. In chapter 54, in Historia's flashback, when she wipes her mind, there is the exact same visual effect as when Eren uses his power to command the Titans against the one who ate his mother. That can't be a coincidence. Furthermore, Geographia seemed horrified by the idea that Historia could someday grow up to become like her... Probably because she had to do a lot of 'dirty work' using her powers. 




 









 Please, tell me, does it exist? I need to know for scientific reasons. :P

Searched on Google, couldn't find anything.  




 WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT THE SNK WORLD IN GENERAL:

-The old world, where all people used to live before some of them left for what is now known as the world within the Walls, was already war-torn before the appearance of the Titans.

-Some of that old world's richest people left for a new continent, the world within the walls, over a hundred years before the start of the story. However, there are still people living in that old world nowadays (RBA's people). There seems to have been a religious purpose in creating the world within the Walls (in the anime it says that they wanted to create 'an ideal world, without sins').

-The memories of the first generation of people living in the world within the walls were altered somehow so that they wouldn't remember life before the Walls. There is also at least one person proven to have mind-altering powers (the Mysterious Girl).

-The royalty of the world within the walls is not its actual highest authority, as the Central Military Branch does not seem to work for the King (Rod Reiss). 

-The Walls are not only around the world in which what is known of humanity lives, but also beneath it. They were seemingly made with some Titans' skin-hardening ability and those Titans are still dormant within them, possibly as a result of the absence of light. 

-The Walls were 'made' before the arrival of the humans on the new continent.

-The language spoken by the people within the walls is not the only one spoken by humans throughout the world at large. For example, at Castle Utgard, there was a food can with inscriptions in another language on it, and Ymir was able to read it. 

-Reiner, Berthold and Annie were originally humans turned into mindless Titans until they somehow became Titan-shifters. Whether this was done by eating other Titan-shifters or through another method is impossible to say based on current knowledge.

-Ymir went from a fully-fused Titan to a Titan-shifter after eating one of RBA's friends who was also a Titan-shifter.

WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT THE TITANS:

-The Titans are in reality humans whose body has, except for the spinal cord, completely fused with the material of which the Titans are made. After fusing, that person still 'exists', but cannot control neither his human body nor his Titan one. Furthermore, while fused with the Titan, humans do not age, and if they ever go back to their human form, they will have the physical age of before they fused. Finally, the process through which humans are turned into Titans is unknown, but does not require physical contact. Also, the only sentient being who was shown as being able to turn humans into Titans is the possible Titan-shifter known as 'The Beast Titan'.

-It's possible to alter the process that turns humans into Titans so that the human will not have completely fused with the material of which Titans are made. Those people are known throughout the community at large as 'Titan-shifters'. These people can both turn into their Titan form and go back to their human one at will, although being a Titan seems to be physically exhausting for the human and, therefore, those people can only be Titans for a certain period of time. What causes this is unknown. Furthermore, it's also possible to alter that process so that the person's Titan will have altered/enhanced characteristics that makes it a lot more threatening than the average Titan, or that makes it serve a specific purpose, such as height, hardened skin, etc.. 

-Some Titans, both regular (a.k.a fully fused) and Titan-shifter ones, seem to rely on light from the sun in order to move around, and to be inactive at night. Although this is not the case for all of them. 

-Regular/fully-fused Titans seem to be able to gain a Titan-shifter's Titan-shifting abilities by literally eating him.. This might explain why all Titans try to eat humans: unconsciously, they do so in hope of eating a Titan-shifter and being freed for their Titan form. This behavior might be encoded into the (or at least one of the) process(es) which turns humans into Titans. 

POSSIBLE BUT UNCONFIRMED TITAN-SHIFTERS:

-The Beast Titan, the Titans within the Walls, the Titan in the book that the Mysterious Girl showed to Historia. 

UNCONFIRMED THEORIES ABOUT THE TITANS:

-It's possible that being a Titan-shifter is physically exhausting due to the human body and brain having to control a large quantity of physical matter (the material of which Titans are made). 

-It's possible that, if a Titan-shifter stays in his Titan form for too long, he will start fusing more and more with his Titan until he has lost of control of his human body and become like the mindless, regular Titans.

-It's possible that a Titan-shifter's Titan is influenced by the person's human body's characteristics or vice versa. For example, Reiner is physically strong and bulky, and therefore so is his Titan. Another possible example: Berthold's Titan is enormous and therefore releases a lot of heat, which makes Berthold sweat a lot in his human form. 

-There might be multiple processes that allow humans to be turned into Titans. The one used by the Beast Titan might not be the only one. It might also be possible to turn a human directly into a Titan-shifter; that seems to have been the case for Eren. Just like Ymir, Eren underwent some memory loss while undergoing the process that allowed him to become a Titan-shifter. This might mean that the process which turns humans into Titans modifies something in the human brain. 




 




 How did RBA know that what they were looking for (the person with the power to control the Titans) was within the Walls in the first place?

Also, why does the royal family want Historia, when she is not eligible for the throne and has none of the knowledge that the other members of her family seem to have about the Titans?

Same for Ymir and Reiner and Berthold. They seem to regard Historia as an important person, but she has no freaking clue what's going on. They seemed to believe that Historia could help find them find the person that turned out to be Eren, yet she is as ignorant as the others.

Why? Am I missing something here?

 




 I mean, for what god damn reason would you NOT read the manga version of any story when it's the original, most accurate version of it that exists? 




 Is Annie dead??

Will we ever see Reiner and Berthold again? Will we ever see their history, how they grew up and the events that lead to them being sent to the walls to find the Coordinate power?

How did they know that what they were looking for was within the Walls in the first place?

Did they undergo the same process as Ymir, that is, they wandered mindlessly until they ate another titan-shifter? (Berthold seemed to imply that when talking to Ymir)

Are they considered some of their people's strongest 'warriors'? Or are they considered weak and we will see some much powerful titan-shifters in the future? 

What do you guys think???

 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Attack_on_Titan oldid=614559035 diff=614617202

It's still waiting for review, but I've added this part to the 'summary of the story' part of Snk on Wikipedia:

'However, as the story progresses, the plot shifts in focus, being centered more around Historia Reiss, a young girl who is a member of the Survey Cops and whose mysterious royal family is suspected of knowing the truth about both the walls protecting humanity from the Titans and the Titans themselves.'

It could use some tweaking, but you guys get the idea. This might be a spoiler, but people can't expect to visit Wikipedia without coming across a spoiler. Also, saying that the story is merely about Eren, Mikasa and Armin fighting Titans (which is basically what the Wikipedia description says atm) is simply not true. That was basically the story up until chapter 30 ish... and ever since then, the story has been more and more about Historia Reiss, her role within the royal family and about how that royal family is linked to the secret truths about the Titans as a whole. If you look at Eren's role from the POV of someone who's reading the manga, he is merely one of those people who happen to have the ability to turn into a Titan-like version of themselves (he also has the 'coordinate's power', but considering that we know this power is transferrable, Eren himself is nothing), and I actually believe that Historia plays a more important role than Eren in the story now. We'll see how the plot evolves in the upcoming months, but to say that the story is still only about Eren and his two childhood friends fighting Titans to save the world is plain wrong. That ended when the Clash of the Titans story arc started, and since then the story has been about something much deeper. 

 


 




 Hey guys, not really a question that can be answered, but I was wondering if in the future there would be a story arc where we see what Reiner, Berthold and Ymir do after the end of volume 12, that is, them travelling to Reiner's and Berthold's hometown and seeing what happens to Ymir once there and all that stuff.

I think it could be very cool. :) 

 




 If Eren really was a mindless Titan who wandered outside of the walls and then ate someone with Titan-shifting powers like Ymir, then why doesn't he remember any of it?

Ymir remembers it well enough to know for how many decades she wandered mindlessly.  














 There's something that struck me as odd in volume 12.

In the extra pages of volume 12 (http://imgur.com/a/T6yk3#LeKKqp4), Reiner asks Ymir 'why did you come to OUR territory?'

What exactly is Reiner referring to, there? He is considering the Shiganshina district as their territory? Does he mean the Titans' territory? Does that mean he consider himself a Titan and not a human?  




 At the end of volume 13, Historia says that she's never gonna forgive Ymir for siding with Reiner and Berthold and leaving with them instead of staying by her side. Although it seemed like Ymir did it more out of pity for them rather than because she wanted to side with them, but anyway, Historia doesn't know that.

Do you think she was just angry and confused or they're really gonna be enemies from now on? (if they ever meet again, that is) 




 There's a few things that I don't understand.

Reiner seemed to believe that having Historia on his side would help him find the person that turned out to be Eren. 

It was also said that the Reiss family is the actual authority within the walls.

Yet, Kenny seems to obey to someone that isn't Rod Reiss. Does that mean Kenny is working for someone outside the walls?

Also, what does the Reiss family represent? They know about the secret of the walls, I guess? But even if Reiner knew that the Reiss family knows  about the walls, what's the link between these Titan-filled walls and Eren's ability to control Titans? Could it be that Eren can make these Titans break free from their 'wall form'? Or does Eren have some other power that he's not aware of yet?

I'm really confused.  









 Ok guys, here's a crazy theory that I came up with. 

In the extra pages of Volume 13, Historia strongly hints that Krista Lenz is actually the name of the girl in the book that the mysterious lady with the mind-wipping powers used to make her read.

(You can find these extra pages here http://www.ishuhui.com/archives/2416)

This in itself is a big revelation, but I'm going to take it further and say that the girl in the book is actually the mysterious lady herself. My bet is that the wall-worshipping people are also those with the mind-wipping powers and who wiped the minds of the first generation of people living within the walls (this is confirmed by Erwin's father who was taken away for discovering this).

Now in the book, we see a girl worshipping a Titan. My theory is that the mysterious lady is also the girl in the book and her real name is also Krista Lenz, or at least she's a person related to someone who actually existed and whose name was Krista Lenz.

Crazy theory I know, but that's what I think.
 









 This is my theory based on all the info we have so far from the manga and various other official sources.

My theory is, simply put, that an order of religious people created a 'dream-world', in other words, a perfect world where people could live based on their ideals.

To me, it seems obvious.

We know that the walls were 'made' by someone beforehand for humanity to live in them.

We know that the memories of the first generation of people living within the walls were erased.

We know that religious organizations have a big presence in the story, and that people from that religious group inside the walls are bent over on keeping the truth about the walls secret.

So this is what I think happened. A bunch of religious people wanted to make their own little world, so they made the walls. But it's one big lie, and since we know only the rich and powerful left for that world, the rest of humanity must have survived somehow and is still occupying the world at large. 


 




 Hey guys,

I'm not sure how to explain this, but if you buy the actual physical copies of the volumes, there is 'hidden' Japanese text at the bottom of the pages.

I'm also not sure if it's a manga or anime spoiler, because it appears in some of the volumes that already have been animated, but here goes:

A long time ago, humanity lived on another continent. It was a war-torn world, and a lot of people had already died because of the endless wars. 

Because of this, humanity was severely weakened, and when the Titans started appearing, it was unable to face their overwhelming power.

So the humans decided to leave for another continent. It had also been decided that this new continent  would be 'sacred' and 'protected from sin', and so at the time the Walls had already been 'prepared' (not sure about how this word translates) for humanity to that end.

In the end, only the most rich and powerful embarked on the boats that would go to that new continent. The trip was harsh, and by the time humanity had arrived, only half the boats were still there.

Soon, however, the Titans started appearing on the new continent as well, and it was decided that humanity would never leave the walls again to protect itself.



That's it. Sorry if it's not well translated, I tried my best. 


My own interpretation: Based on this, the world within the Walls was made as big one lie, as a dream world where the outside world doesn't exist and those in power lie about it. Also, most people who didn't leave the continent probably found a way to survive. 
 

 




 http://white-screen.jp/?p=32621
Do not get emotionally attached to any character, Hajime Isayama did say in an interview that most of them would die before the end of the story. This is a 'hopeless' type of manga, there will be no happy ending.  




 I'm a Diamond jungle main. I've been playing League of Legends for 4 years, and been maining jungle for 3. This is my current tier list for the Feral Flare patch:

Out of This World Tier: 

 Nocturne, Kha'zix, Vi, Shyvana, Xin Zhao

Tier 1:

 Lee Sin, Pantheon, Evelynn, Elise, Wukong, Master Yi

Tier 2: 

 Amumu, Cho'Gath, Jarvan, Kayle, Olaf, Sejuani, Shaco, Warwick, Udyr, Zac, Fiddlesticks, Hecarim, Trundle

Tier 3: 

 Nunu, Maokai, Nautilus, Rammus, Skarner, Tryndamere, Diana, Darius

Tier 4:

 All the other champions in the game.

 





























 Prismarine pillars?! Redstone lamps with different colors/textures? Who knows. :D 




 I really like your use of regular torches! I find they're hard to use in an aesthetically pleasing way, especially without any addition (such as a frame and a slab behind). But you did a really nice job there. Nice! 




 Yeah. Ocean Monument blocks (especially dark prismarine) work fine with nether blocks I find. Just like sand and nether blocks work well together. Just like prismarine blocks work well with sand.  It all works together in the end I guess. :D 




 Yeah. I wish this picture was the one in the OP haha but it's fine, I don't think redstone lamps mix in that poorly either. Lanterns are just a superior choice.  




 This is a squid farm though:D 




 Nice! 




 Whoa! Nice haha! I'm not sure what else to say...

edit: Prismarine pillars? Redstone lamps of different textures/colors? :D Who knows! 




 Saved. Thanks for this.  









 I feel like shit when I don't lift, but I understand how important rest is, so I endure how I feel. I also feel like shit when I don't eat clean, which is fine because eating clean should be a 7 day thing and you won't go very far if your diet is only on point during your training days.  




 I've lost a total of over 200 pounds across 6 years. From 30% body fat when I was 15 year old to close to 10% now. I know how to lose weight. But I constantly look for ways of making the process easier and faster.  




 It improves mood and suppresses appetite. Makes it easier to diet.  




 [Indeed.](http://i.imgur.com/C9rtUKE.png) 




 I haven't been able to find any studies on the interaction between the two, but since 5-HTP increases the production of available serotonin in the brain and Ephedrine is an agonist at the serotonin receptors, could combining the two be potentially dangerous?  




 Indeed! 




 Have at least a good understanding of basic biochemical principles. If you want to understand the science behind dieting for specific purposes (such as reducing adipose tissue), you have to understand how macro and micro nutrients are processed by the body, that is, how they interact with various enzymes and hormones.  




 Read the FAQ/Wiki.  




 Has anyone ever tried this product? I hear it helps for cutting due to its properties as a mood regulator and appetite suppressant.  









 I can see the difference instantly, personally. A fit butt looks firm and almost 'peaky', whereas a fat butt just looks like a bit fat slump of adipose tissue and it spreads around the hips as well.  I think a fit butt is really attractive, whereas one that is just fat is ugly. Perhaps it has to do with the person's corresponding lifestyle more than anything. My friends think the latter is attractive too, I think they have issues...  




 Assuming weight lifting and proper protein intake, most of what you lose is triglycerides. The fat cells release their content, these are bound to lipoproteins, released into the bloodstream, and then used to create energy through lipolysis and then the metabolic pathway.  




 Nice! 




 Nah. It looks awful with light. Relative darkness is what makes it look decent.  









 For example, when I'm cooking salmon, I'll say 'I'm preparing some proteins and some saturated and omega-3 fats'. 

Or if I'm eating raspberries, I'll say 'I'm having fibers and sugars with some Vitamin K and Magnesium'.

I'm not kidding. Do others people do that or am I just a weird human being?  




 Fixed that typo! Thanks.  




 I play Minecraft. It kills time.  




 I'm not sure. I was careless and wrote this without verifying any source material. I'll remove it just in case, I would rather be less precise than give incorrect information.  




 As far as I know, albumins are water-soluble proteins that bind fatty acids. But I don't have a source to check at the moment, so I could be wrong. Also, I'm sorry, I often mix up lipogenesis and lipolysis (the two terms, not the process that each term refers to). Lipogenesis, rather, is the process by which acetyl coA is converted to fatty acids and triglycerides, just to clarify for others who will read this.  




 I personally avoid Questbars. They claim to be fiber rich, however the fiber they contain are isomalto-oligosaccharides, which I call fake fibers because they are a sugar that isn't actually considered one due to the fact that it is a long chain molecule, but which still has the same impact as sugar on the brain. Also, it contains a fruit extract called mongrosides, which is 200 times sweeter than the sugar we normally use in North America.  




 It depends what you mean by weight loss. If you mean adipose tissue, the adipocytes, which contain uni and multilocular cells, lose some of their size (they shrink). The main difference between the two is that the latter contain considerably more cytoplasm (the substance that makes up the cell's internal structure). When you lose weight, the triglycerides (stored fat) contained in those cells are turned into fatty acids by various hormones, such as adrenaline and noradrealine, and then bound to various proteins to form lipoproteins so they can enter the bloodstream. From there, they are used in lipolysis and result in the creation of Adenonine triphosphate (energy) through the electron transport chain of the body's tricarbolyxic acid cycle (one of the main metabolic pathways). 

However, not only fat is lost when weight is lost. Some muscle tissue is also lost. All dietary proteins are broken down into amino acids, which are sent to the body's nitrogen pool. From there, amino acids are used for various purposes, including the creation of new muscle tissue. But if the nitrogen pool has insufficient supplies of certain amino acids, muscle tissue will be broken down so its amino acids can be sent back there and used for more vital functions. Sadly, my knowledge of biochemical principles is not advanced enough to tell you to what extent, but it definitely happens. 

 




 Mata, DanDy, Looper, Dade, Pawn, imp, Deft, Acorn, Heart, Spirit, basically all of Samsung Blue and Samsung White moved to playing for various top Chinese teams. Why? 









 The research on meal timing is inconclusive. The general consensus is that your daily caloric intake is mostly what matters. You can manipulate meal timing in order to make it easier to be on a caloric deficit, but caloric intake at the end of the day is still what matters. It's just about making it work for you to do respect said caloric intake.  




 Exercise less.

Eat more dietary fibers and proteins (they fill you up).

Drink more water.

Chew gum. 

 




 Some people are going to dislike you and what you say regardless of what it is that you say. I realized that, so now I just give my opinion regardless of what others think. Can't please everyone anyway. Maybe I'm a prick, or maybe I just have an opinion that's different from yours and that you therefore perceive negatively.  




 I'm not sure exactly, but at some point before this season.  









 My daughter would never have cake at her wedding in the first place. I would never raise my children to eat that kind of food.  




 I don't eat the unhealthy foods? For things like fruits, vegetables, rice, meat, etc, I can eat them anyway because I know how many calories certain portions represent approximately. I just plan ahead when I prepare my meals for the day/week.  




 Check this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpeYiGowqWk), it sums it up pretty well I think.  




 I've played with mods before, but don't really enjoy them for the most part. Some of them are really complicated and just add more of what the game already has. One of the mods that I do enjoy though is Ruins, because it uses vanilla content only and allows you to create your own randomly generating structures. But in general, I find that there is already endless stuff to do with vanilla, so mods aren't needed.  




 I started the process of removing unhealthy foods from my diet entirely about 5 years ago. Just like everyone, I had been raised by my parents and society eating shitty foods. 5 years later, I can now go for 3-4 months without eating anything that isn't 'clean'. It's definitely a long process, and I'm not quite sure how it works in the brain, but it's tough. And people already struggle with training because it's hard and takes time to see the results, so imagine that. With that in mind, it's easy to see why most people fail to ever remove unhealthy foods from their regular diet.   




 I would rather be lonely than be forced to eat unhealthy foods just because I socialize with people who do. It's fine that not everyone understands and lives by scientific principles that relate to foods, but there's no reason to not live by what you know to be true. Just because all my friends drink alcohol and eat out at Mcdies every Friday night, doesn't mean I do as well. Be the one that all the sheep will eventually follow, not one of the sheep yourself.  




 I'm going to get downvoted like hell for this, but I just wanna say what I really think. I just think that cheat meals are an excuse for people who lack dedication and/or have been raised being used to eat unhealthy food, which they now associate with a feeling of well-being as a result. I've read a lot of research, never came across anything that justifies having 'cheat meals' from a scientific perspective. The only argument is that it helps people maintain their diet during the week by allowing them to 'take a break from it', but that argument is inherently flawed, because no one was born with the need to eat chips, pizza or cake. That need in itself is a cultural construct that society created in individuals by manipulating the various macro nutrients in food products for economic purposes.  




 I have a supercharged creeper farm. I got a supercharged creeper to blow up a regular creeper and collected its head.  




 I'm working on it! There will be a world download in a couple days for sure.  




 The first picture had me like 'WHOA!' 




 I have a Nether Fortress farm in my world. It took about 3 months to build (I had to remove everything 120 blocks around in every direction), and uses [redstonespire's Ghast Wither Ripper design](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6JOe-vy3-U) from the Zipkrowd server. When it comes to redstone and general game mechanics in Minecraft, these guys are pretty much the best of the best. Almost all the most efficient farm designs out there come from them. I've also used their witch hut farm design, their supercharged creeper farm design, their self-fixable iron golem farm design and their fully automatic Wither wood farm design. That's why I have more resources than I'll ever need in my world now. The only thing I need to actually grind to get are quartz and clay. All the other resources I get from various farms and mob grinders. It's basically creative except I have to get the resources in the chests and I can't fly around to build. :p  




 Amazing! Thank you! Glad I could inspire you! 




 I used this design https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK_BcHG2NlM 




 You should post it on /r/minecraftseeds as well.  




 Will check this out and give feedback!

Edit: wow, AMAZING seed! Good find OP! I can confirm, this is really cool, but not for the faint of heart or beginning players. The starting island has nothing but grass, dirt, sand, a single sugar cane and 4 pigs. The only island with some trees on it is a 100 block swim away, and there is an Ocean Monument right in the way. There is another Ocean Monument nearby as well, and it's in the way of another small island with trees on it too. You can see both upon first entering the map if your render distance is at at least 20 chunks. 

edit2 : WHOA, this seed has a lot more to it than expected. Right underneath the starting island, there is a tiny bit of coal and iron. And if you go further down, there is a huge ravine with lots of resources (crap ton of iron   coal, and even some gold, redstone and diamonds), and the most amazing thing is how the Ocean Monument is actually in the way of that ravine as you can see [here](http://i.imgur.com/3RaLS0K.png). This is super cool, I'd never seen anything like this before. Epic! Thanks again for sharing OP.

edit3: also, the mainland nearby has a desert, a birch forest, a swamp, a roofed forest and a savanna all bordering each other, meaning you can get almost all types of wood right off the bat!! 




 I'm a redstone noob and I feel like redstone clocks are already easy and compact enough to make. Also, there are multiple clock designs, allowing for more flexibility when building redstone devices.  









 I will try this. Thank you!  




 Let me put you in context. Me and my friend have known each other since we were 7 year old, we hang out together pretty much all the time. We're also big into fitness, in that we train regularly and eat healthy and count our calories and all that stuff. About a year ago, my friend started using cocaine in rave parties. She doesn't even smoke cigarettes, rarely smokes pot, had never really been a drug user until her cocaine use suddenly started. At first I didn't really care or pay attention to it, because I'm a big believer that most substances, when used in moderation, aren't nearly as harmful as society believes them to be. However, at first it was once in a while, once every 2-3 months or so, and now it's almost every week end. I bring it up once in a while, and her discourse is always something along of the lines 'I spend 10 hours in the gym weekly, I diet hard, I'm still healthy than 99% of people, so it doesn't really matter'. I'm starting to see a typical pattern of addiction (denial, increasingly frequent use), and it worries me. I never really say anything, but it scares me for two reasons. Firstly, any hard drug use used 2-3 times a year probably isn't realistically a big deal, but when it's every weekend, it definitely starts getting on the unhealthy side. Secondly, I'm fearful that her use will keep becoming increasingly more frequent. 

I'm not sure what to do about it. I don't know how to bring it up in a serious manner, never had a friend with what seems to be a drug issue, never really used any hard drugs of the kind myself, so I don't know what it feels like to be on this stuff regularly either. One part of me still thinks that it's not really that big of a deal, but another part of me is scared that I'm just watching her walk down a part of destruction, and I feel guilty for not reacting. What would you guys do?

TL;DR: best friend of mine is taking cocaine increasingly frequently and I'm not sure what to do. Her discourse whenever I bring it up is 'I train 10 hours a week, I diet hard, I'm still healthy than most people so it doesn't matter. 




 For me: 

-Tinkers' Construct: a more elaborated, meaningful and rewarding crafting system

-Ruins: the ability to create your own randomly generating structures

-Optifine: more in-game optimization for powerful and low cost computers alike

 




 I never had a hypothesis to begin with, that's what you don't get. I linked an interesting study that I came across and based on which I raised questions and that I was hoping to have a discussion about. I said that while you were right, there had been a misunderstanding because I never disagreed with you in the first place. I know caloric intake is what mostly matters. I was asking myself, based on the results of that study, if carb cycling combined with calorie cycling could be more effective than calorie cycling alone. That's all.   




 No thanks, I will simply go to another place that isn't full of people who seem to be incapable of having a civilized discussion on anything without being rude and throwing tamper tantrums. I clarified my point and acknowledged yours, and all you have to say is 'when are you finished crying'. I feel like I'm having a heated debate with a stuck up 16 year old. Feel free to downvote this one as well.  




 We agree that losing fat while gaining muscle is possible for overweight, untrained individuals, but much less so for advanced weight lifters who have low body fat. That's also what the FAQ states. I don't even know why we're arguing on that. I presented a study in which overweight women lost more weight through intermittent carb cycling than with a traditional caloric deficit diet. That's where my argument that, perhaps, manipulating macro division along with caloric intake could be more effective than manipulating caloric intake alone, came frome. I don't know if this is actually true. I presented a single study, and stated that it presents some evidence that supports the superiority of carb cycling. That's it. I don't know why you're so upset. I'm not making any out-of-thin-air claims. Of course caloric intake is still what mostly matters.  




 The FAQ states that it's possible for overweight   untrained individuals to gain muscle while losing fat. I never said otherwise. I'm pretty sure Lyle Macdonald has a similar discourse. Also, the technical deficit limit, as stated in the FAQ, is also based on experiments done on untrained individuals.  




 I'm pretty sure there's nothing in the FAQ stating that lifting weights and having a high protein intake while on an important calorie deficit will prevent breakdown of muscle tissue at 100%. Do you believe so? 




 I don't have any numbers, but I'm fairly sure that some muscle loss is unavoidable. Of course it's minimized given that you lift weights and that you have proper protein intake. It's not rocket science. But that wasn't my point.  




 It's not as simple as that. The research which said that a pound of fat has 3500 calories and that, therefore, eating 3500 calories less = 1 pound of fat lost is almost 50 years old now. More recent research shows that when you lose weight, you lose mostly fat but also some muscle tissue.  




 Read the FAQ/Wiki. It has literally all the info you need to get started. Also, you want to work out your entire body, not just the upper part of it.  




 Snatch grip deadlift while forcing your core out.  




 Alright. So I will simply add more powered rails. Thank you!  




 Oh man, you make me want to build a fighting arena in my world too, even though it's single player. :( 




 Yeah you're right. The title is kind of misleading. I'm sorry.  




 Last answer, because I accidentally read your comment... Let's just be clear on one thing. You might be right that 1000 calorie isn't the ideal deficit and that I don't have a source to back up what is the ideal deficit, but you are the asshole. I checked your comment history, you're the one who makes needlessly rude comments, who tells random people to commit suicide, so if anyone is an asshole and 'all sorts of fucked up in the head', it's you, not me. There's probably something going on in your life that makes you act like this, but I honestly don't care, I just wanted to point it out before I move on with my life. If there's one thing you schooled me on, it's that the internet is full of assholes. You sure did remind me of that.  




 I'm happy to be schooled, but not by people who tell random strangers on the internet to commit suicide. For me, the discussion ended when I read that. Now I'm just going to block you and put you on ignore. Have a nice life. And by the way, I will never read whatever you answer to that, so don't bother typing something.  




 You're mistaken. I wasn't referring to the 1000 calorie thing here, I just picked the first 3 papers from Layne Norton's article. And I've actually accessed all of them through library genesis, I was just too lazy to find all the download links again. But seriously, I would be lying if I said that there's an arbitrary number like 1000... there isn't... but the general consensus is that if you're between 500 and 1000,  and you eat enough protein and weight train, you won't lose that much muscle mass. I still need to do more reading to find out the relationship between this and body fat %age. But by the way, in the first study they found that resistance training mediated the muscle loss associated with a very low calorie diet in untrained women, that's pretty related to the whole 'huge calorie deficit' topic. And also I don't know if I think that I'm better to anyone, but I know that I haven't been rude and throwing out insults, unlike you, so that certainly makes me better than you in that sense.   




 Oh I see I made you angry here, that's fine... But you're wrong, in that I actually take into consideration everyone's point of view, and I try to understand how people view things, but in the end I very often end up sticking to my own. I don't see what's wrong with that. We all have our own outlook on life and that's fine and it doesn't keep us from being respectful with each other. My point of view is trying to balance between the research that I read and that I believe to be credible, and my own personal experience. But I think it's the research part that a lot of society isn't ready to accept and that's why people often get angry at what I say.  




 I don't understand why you keep being rude with me. I haven't said anything to offend you, I think. I could easily go ahead and say things like how I think that you don't know a damn thing about nutrition like a whole lot of people here, but I don't write that kind of thing because it's counterproductive and doesn't bring anything positive to the table.

Also, I didn't just look at what Layne Norton said, I looked at the research he used to make his claims, like [this](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10204826) research paper and [this one](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10332666) and [this one](http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/25/3/431.full).

I might be 'fucked up' like you say, but at least my 'fuckedupness' is based on serious research that I've read on.  




 And also, I'm not sure why you're bringing milk into the discussion, but you should read everything I wrote on the subject. I think my stance on why it's something that should not be consumed by most people is a pretty well justified one. Feel free to go ahead and prove me wrong.  



















 Things I've done so far:

-Playing mindlessly easy video games

-Watching funny TV shows

-Browsing reddit

-Watching motivational bodybuilding videos over and over again

-Chewing gum

Any other ideas? 

 




 General Overworld farm: [fastest design uses named-tagged fat slimes in minecarts that push mobs off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTPfWJHnWkc)

Zombie Pigmen, Wither Skeletons and other Nether mobs: [fastest design uses name-tagged ghasts in minecarts that push mobs off] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6JOe-vy3-U)

Enderman farm: [fastest design uses an Endermite to get to Endermen to throw themselves into a hole](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaCjbc-PnJA)

Fully automatic wheat farm: [only 100% automatic design uses a villager with a full inventory to harvest the crops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fnatRPiDl4)

Fully automatic potato and carrot farm: [pretty much the same thing as for the wheat farm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB1n_2bLk4o)

This seems to be the trend. If you want to farm a mob as efficiently as possible, simply use other mobs to do it. 
 




 I've been curious about this. I'm currently planning my next comp prep, and I was wondering what you guys' protocol usually looks like. In my research, I found that that long-run (6 weeks, in this case) carbohydrate depletion increases the effectiveness of many lipid metabolism, especially the beta oxidation Acyl CoA dehydrogenases. In turn, the enzyme  Flavin adenine dinucleotid (FAD) is known to 'boost' the ability of glutamate to be transaminated (a transamination is a chemical transfer between an amino acid and an alpha-keto acid) by alanine transaminase. To me, this at least suggests that ingestion of carbohydrates following a period of severe depletion boosts lipid metabolism through the actions of Acyl CoA dehydrogenase, as well as the ability of non-essential amino acids to be used in glycolysis prior to the start of the tricarbolyxic acid cycle. 

In light of this evidence, during my last carb depletion period, I had 4 weeks during which I ingested no more than 50g of carbohydrates daily, followed by 2 weeks of severe carbohydrate depletion (no more than traces daily), followed by 10 days during which carbohydrates represented over 50% of my daily intake with 35% of proteins and 15% of dietary fats. At this point I was 2 weeks out. When I started consuming carbohydrates again, I had noticeable increases in strength and musculature, although this is obviously only anecdotal evidence. 

However, I'm looking for more science/personal experience reports on how you guys do it. :)

 




 If there is no sugar in the blood, then neither glycolysis nor ketosis can take place right?

I know that certain amino acids from the nitrogen pool contribute to the production of energy, but only indirectly as far as I know.

I know that glutamate is transaminated to pyruvate from the transaminate enzyme ALT. However, this cannot happen if there is no pyruvate to begin with, right?

I also know that glutamate is ultimately catalized (or rather, citrulline and aspartate are catallized) into fumarate, which produces some ATP, but it's impossible without ATP itself since ATP is used to catalize phosphate and ammonia to form carbamoyl phosphate.

So, this means that, theorically, if there is no glucose at all in the blood, no ATP is produced and the person simply dies, correct? Or is there some other mechanism that prevents this and that I'm unaware of? 

 









 I'm not sure if the title is a great way of calling that experience, but I went through that and I'm wondering if others did too.

I remember when I was a teen, before I started dieting, back when I didn't even know what the macro nutrients and micro nutrients were, I would just eat things based on whether I enjoyed their taste or not.

When I started dieting, it was hard because there were a lot of things that I recognized as best to eat for optimal health but of which I couldn't stand the taste. But over the years it slowly changed and recently I've noticed it... Things that used to taste really good to me, like pizza and chocolate, don't taste nearly as good as they used to, and things that used to not taste good at all (such as rice and some vegetables) now taste 'normal' if that makes sense. It's almost like foods in general don't really taste anything to my mouth anymore, and the only things that still taste a lot are the things that my brain associates as healthy and part of my pre-made diet. 

I don't know if any of what I typed makes sense, it's weird to explain, but I'm wondering if others have experienced this too and if there's a name for that phenomenon.  














 I have been lurking around the internet, but all I've been finding is anecdotal evidence. One guy writing that you should X dose, another saying that you use Y dose. I've read people claiming they use doses anywhere between 50 to 5-600mg daily. I've even seen one person say that metabolism is increased by 10% per 100mg. I understand how DNP affects the mitochondria of the cells, but even then this seems a little absurd to me. Furthermore, all these claims that people make are never backed up by any research. 

I was wondering if anyone has come across any serious research that determined what is the proper dosage in humans for weight loss purposes? I've been using Clenbuterol in the past, but my next comp prep cut is starting soon and I'm fed up with the side effects of Clen and am looking for an alternative product to use.

Thanks in advance! 




 **1. Introduction**

This is a guide I wrote on cutting on /r/fitness a while ago, but I figured I would re-post it since it is especially relevant here. 

In this post I want to show what is, in my humble opinion, the best dieting plan for cutting (losing fat), all backed up by scientific principles; I try to rely on anecdotal evidence (a.k.a bro science) as little as possible. The goals of this plan are:

A) To cut down on body fat

B) To maintain muscular strength and mass

C) To remain generally healthy


**2. Nutrient Breakdown**

I am not a believer that a calorie is just a calorie. Surely, as long as you respect your caloric intake based on the Total Daily Energy Expenditure (TDEE) formula, you will lose weight regardless of where your calories come from. However, this argument forgets two really important points. Firstly, the second most important factor after caloric intake, that is, **satiety**; if what you eat leaves you hungry, you are more likely to eat more and not respect your target caloric intake. Therefore, when I diet for cutting, I eat foods that makes me feel full. Secondly, losing weight and eating healthy do not necessarily go hand in hand; technically, you could lose weight by eating nothing but Twinkies, but does that mean you would be healthier? No. 

Based on these two points, my macro and micro nutrient breakdown when I'm cutting usually goes as follows: A) high dietary fiber, B) moderate protein, C) moderate complex carbohydrate, D) low simple carbohydrate, E) moderate good fat (unsaturated, polyunsaturated   omega-3) and as free of bad fat (saturated and trans) as possible, and F) high in vitamins (A, B, C) and minerals (calcium, zinc, phosphorus, etc.). Now I will explain the why behind each of these macro and micro nutrients:

A) High dietary fiber: when I said that I want to eat foods that make me full, I was referring to dietary fibers specifically. In fact, research has shown that fibers prolong and enhance the sensation of satiety (1) (18). 

B) Moderate protein: this one seems obvious, but I will explain it anyway. The process that creates new proteins in the body is one called protein biosynthesis. Thanks to this process, the amino acids contained in the proteins we eat are joined together chemically to form complete proteins, which are then used for many important processes, including muscle tissue maintenance and growth (2). However, what is less known is that too much protein can be harmful. In fact, ingesting too much protein causes the body to produce a compound known as ammonia, which can damange organ tissues (3). Therefore, proteins are important, but like for everything, moderation is key. 

C) Moderate complex carbohydrate: remember our second goal, maintaining muscular strength and mass. Carbohydrates provide with intensity during training in the form of muscle glycogen (4) and help prevent the breakdown of muscle tissue (2). Furthermore, complex carbohydrates are favored over simple ones (the latter which I explain later), due to the fact that they provide energy more consistently and in the long run (5); inversely, think of simple carbohydrates as peaks and valleys of energy that are absorbed really quickly into the bloodstream (9). However, once again, moderation is key, and too much carbohydrates can be harmful; in fact, carbohydrates increase insulin production, which in turn increase the percentage of your fat intake that is turned into body fat (6). 

D) Low simple carbohydrate: like I mentioned above, you want to limit your simple carbohydrate (sugar) intake while you are cutting, and perhaps even in general as well. Some research has shown that fructose, a simple carbohydrate found abundantly in fruits, soft drinks and most processed food products triggers the brains reward pathway (7) but not its satiety mechanisms (8), leading to something known as the sugar craving cycle (5) and which causes people, upon fructose consumption, to still feel hungry and want to ingest more. Nonetheless, there are two key moments during which you still want to consume simple carbohydrates: during the first meal of the day and post-exercise. This is because, during those times, insulin sensitivity is higher, which means that a bigger percentage of the carbohydrates you eat will be used as energy by the body. Insulin sensitivity is at its highest after a prolonged period of fasting (10) and post-workout, the latter usually being referred to as post-exercise insulin sensitivity in the literature (11). Therefore, you want to eat some simple carbohydrates for breakfast and as part of your post-workout. Also, your main source of simple carbohydrates should be fruits, as the latter are generally rich in dietary fibers, and the satiety effects of fibers may partly negate the effects of sugar by slowing down the absorption of the latter into the bloodstream (12). 

E) Moderate good fat and low (or no) bad fat intake: this is a complex topic, but I will try to keep it simple. Basically, dietary fats, even though they are highly caloric (nine calories per gram compared to four for proteins and carbohydrates), are essential for the body. To relate them to our second goal, dietary fats increase testosterone (9), a hormone that promotes growth of muscle tissue in ways that are beyond the scope of this post. The good fats increase the production of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, which picks up excess cholesterol in the blood and bring it back to the liver where it can be broken down (13). Certain of the good fats, like omega-3, also have a plethora of health benefits that once again go beyond the scope of what is discussed here; they prevent certain aging-related diseases and regulate metabolism, among other things (14). Inversely, the bad fats increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol production, which does basically the opposite of HDL cholesterol and, over time, can lead to coronary artery disease (13). Long story short, a moderate fat intake is important and represents between 20 and 30% of daily caloric intake (9).

F) High vitamin and mineral intake: this is more of a common sense argument, but since you are cutting and therefore eating less, each calorie that you eat is more important in terms of the vitamins and minerals it contains. This is sadly another topic that goes beyond the scope of this post, but vitamins and minerals are important for general health, and are involved in various processes that relate to muscular tissue maintenance and growth (15) (16). Therefore, a healthy cutting diet is one that should be centered on foods that are rich in vitamins and minerals. 

**Sample dieting plan**

In light of everything that I have discussed above, this is what a sample dieting plan for a 6 ft, 200 pound, 25% body fat male in his mid-twenties and who exercises 3 to 4 times a week should look like. 

Firstly, The TDEE formula places that mans maintenance caloric intake at around 2500, and if he wants to lose 1 lb. of fat per week, he needs to be a daily caloric deficit of 500 (as a pound of adipose tissue contains 3500 calories), which places him at 2000 calories daily. You could go up to a 1000 calorie deficit without losing muscle tissue (9), but I personally find that a 500 calorie deficit is a good start for people who are not used to dieting and have more limited knowledge of nutrition. 

Secondly, I assume that this man would be eating 4 meals day, although this is mostly a matter of preference, and there is no general consensus among scientists as to what kind of meal of meal frequency is optimal for general health and weight loss (17). 

Finally, his macro nutrient breakdown would be 40% protein, 40% carbohydrate and 20% fat. This means 200g of protein, 200g of carbohydrate and 45g of fat. Furthermore, about one third to half of the carbohydrates for meal 1 and meal 3 (post workout) are simple ones, and fibers are consumed in various amounts every meal. 

Meal 1

37g old fashioned oatmeal, dry (139cal, 5prot, 25scarb, 3fat)

202g raspberries, raw (105cal, 3prot, 24carb, 1fat)

1 whole egg, hard-boiled (78cal, 6prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10 large egg whites, hard-boiled (170cal, 36prot, 0carb, 1fat)

Meal 2

141g sweet potatoes, boiled without skin (107cal, 2prot, 25carb, 0.5fat)

175g peas, unsalted, boiled (137cal, 9prot, 25carb, 0.5fat)

125g chicken breast, cooked, without skin (200 cal, 39prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10g unsalted nuts (59cal, 2prot, 2carb, 5fat)

Meal 3 (post-workout) (same as meal 1)

37g old fashioned oatmeal, dry (139cal, 5prot, 25scarb, 3fat)

202g raspberries, raw (105cal, 3prot, 24carb, 1fat)

1 whole egg, hard-boiled (78cal, 6prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10 large egg whites, hard-boiled (170cal, 36prot, 0carb, 1fat)

Meal 4

98g yam, boiled, unsalted (100cal, 1prot, 25carb, 0fat)

50g Atlantic salmon, cooked (103cal, 11prot, 0carb, 6fat)

35g avocados, raw (56cal, 1prot, 3carb, 5fat)

125g sweet potatoes, boiled, without skin (95cal, 2prot, 22carb, 0fat)

9 large egg whites, hard boiled (153cal, 32prot, 2carb, 1fat)


**Refeed days**


Firstly, refeed days are not cheat meals. They are **high carbohydrate, moderate protein, low fat days**, and all of the dieting principles mentioned earlier in this post still apply to them. 

According to bodybuilder and Nutritional Sciences PhD Layne Norton (9), refeed days should happen every 6 to 12 days, and increasingly more often the longer you have been cutting.

Through complex interactions with the brain and other parts of the human body, the hormone leptin affects appetite and metabolism. It does so notably by 'countering' the effects of certain neurotransmitters in the brain known as endocannabinoids. Decreased leptin production is associated with increased appetite and decreased metabolism; when someone has been cutting for a long time, their leptin production is decreased, which is why it becomes increasingly harder to keep losing fat despite being at a daily caloric deficit.

Here's what the research says on leptin and refeed days:

A) You should increase your caloric intake up to maintenance level (or maybe a little more if you're the 'hard gainer' body type); if you're losing 1lb a week, this is a 500 calorie increase, and more than that is probably not necessarily and might even have negative effects (19);

B) Carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in leptin production, but not dietary fat (20) (21);

C) As research has shown (22), an increase in carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in insulin levels, which in turn increases the rate at which fat is transported into the body's adipose tissue. This is because the higher the insulin levels, and the more active the enzymes responsible for breaking down fats into fatty acids are (23). Therefore, on refeed days, fat consumption should be kept to minimal amounts;

D) Simple carbohydrates, such as glucose and fructose, have no impact on leptin levels (5).

**Other things to avoid for optimal dieting**

Alcohol: on top of being highly caloric (seven calories per gram) and containing no nutrients, here's why you should avoid drinking for optimal dieting:

A) It disrupts the body's ability to repair and maintain muscle tissue, by slowing down the production of human growth hormone during deep sleep (26).

B) It slows down metabolism, by disrupting the citric acid cycle, one of the body's main metabolic pathways (27). This is complex, but simply put, alcohol is seen as a poison, and the body prioritizes its oxidation over that of fats, proteins and carbohydrates, which means that less of the macro nutrients you ingest are turned into energy, and inversely, more are turned into stored fat (28). 

C) It disrupts the enzymes that synthesize testosterone, thereby slowing down its production (29). 

D) It depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals more quickly than normal (30). Like mentioned above, many vitamins and minerals are involved not only in general health, but also in various processes that relate to muscle tissue growth and maintenance. 

Cocoa: while cocoa has many health benefits (31), it is also highly caloric, high in dietary fats, and contains oxalic acid, which inhibits the absorption of minerals and vitamins by the body (32). I personally use carob over cocoa, as it is naturally sweeter, which means that you need less added sugar to get the same sweet taste, is richer in vitamins and minerals, and is free of oxalic acid (33). 


**References**

1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21115081

2. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11255140

3. http://connectedhealthcaresystems.com/lit/elevated%20ammonia.pdf

4. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1748-1716.1967.tb03720.x/abstract

5. http://www.briancalkins.com/simplevscomplexcarb.htm

6. http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/46/1/3.short

7. http://advances.nutrition.org/content/4/2/226.abstract

8. http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1555133

9. http://www.simplyshredded.com/layne-norton-the-most-effective-cutting-diet.html

10. http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/81/2/388.full

11. http://europepmc.org/abstract/med/10683091

12. http://www.thinkingaboutnutrition.com/2011/11/the-sugar-to-fiber-dietary-ratio/

13. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/high-blood-cholesterol/in-depth/hdl-cholesterol/art-20046388

14. http://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Omega3FattyAcidsandHealth-HealthProfessional/

15. http://www.hellawella.com/5-vitamins-help-build-muscle-strength-and-tone-body

16. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3289217/

17. http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=56254

18. http://www.nutritionj.com/content/12/1/153

19. http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/50/12/2786.abstract

20.  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012

21. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

22. http://www.spinalhealth.net/insulin.html

23. http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/cellular-microscopic/fat-cell2.htm

24. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10751202

26. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10189054

27. https://chordaetendinae101.wordpress.com/2012/01/05/hangovers-and-the-krebs-cycle/

28. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16047538

29. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11910706

30. http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/aa22.htm

31. http://www.naturalnews.com/022610_cacao_chocolate_raw.html

32. http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA400344/Avoid-Vegetables-with-Oxalic-Acid.html

33. http://www.gilead.net/health/carob.html 









 What is, in your experience, the best electrolyte supplement? 

Last time I went on a 2 week no carb period for my comp prep, I had serious mood issues, and I've realized that it is quite possibly due to electrolyte issues, based on the research I've read and on the fact that that a lot of people who go on ketogenic diets seem to experience the same thing. However, I have some specifications.

I would prefer if my electrolyte supplement was:

-free of carbohydrates (no carb diet)

-free of stimulants (I'm already using Clen HCL for cutting, don't want to get a heart attack)

-particularly high in potassium (same reason as for why I want it free of stims, otherwise I'll just keep buying potassium tablets, but that'd be a nice plus)

Does anyone know of a good electrolyte supplement that meets these requirements?  




 I made a [visual organizer](http://i.imgur.com/94M5HSP.jpg) that explains why.

As you can see the process is fairly simple. Fats are transported through the bloodstream as lipoproteins (as they cannot do so on their own) and then used by various parts of the body for various purposes. Excess fats (triglycerides) that cannot be used for anything are then stored and then regenerated in the body's tissue cells (adipocytes).

Carbs are broken down into pyruvate (pyruvic acid) and then further broken down into the molecule acetyl co-enzyme A. Through a process known as lipogenesis, acetyl co-enzyme A is then transformed into fats (fatty acids and triglycerides).

Proteins are broken down into various amino acids, including pyruvate.

Therefore, while proteins and carbohydrates are not directly stored as fat, when consumed in excess they increase the rate at which triglycerides are turned into stored fat through lipogenesis.

This is also why ketogenic (fat-based) diets work; in absence of glycolysis, acetyl coA is formed through ketosis, meaning that ketone bodies (beta-Hydroxybutyric acid and acetoacetate) synthesized from fatty acids are used to create energy (ATP) for the body instead.  



















 He is basically saying that alcohol can give cancer. Do you agree, askscience?  














 Ok, I might be talking straight out of my ass here, because I haven't done any research on the subject. But this is a question I've been asking myself. From what I understand, the research found a significant correlation between leptin production and carb intake, but not between leptin and fat and other nutrients. This is why, for example, Layne Norton says that when you've been cutting for a long time, you should have a refeed day every 6-12 days where you eat at maintenance caloric intake instead of on a deficit and your diet is high carb low fat (due to the fact that insulin increases adipose uptake of fatty acids). You can check out what he says [here](http://www.simplyshredded.com/layne-norton-the-most-effective-cutting-diet.html).

Anyway, aren't refeed days a form of carb cycling in a way? You manipulate your carb and calorie intakes for the purpose of replenishing leptin serum production. Now this is only anecdotal evidence, but carb cycling has worked for me and for a lot of other people from what I've heard. I've been wondering if this could be because of the sudden changes in carb intake from alternating no carb days with high carb ones; maybe that affects leptin production, which partly explains why it works? Anyway, like I said, I haven't found any research on the subject, but this is something I've been wondering. 

TL;DR my question is basically: does carb cycling affect leptin production in the same way that refeed days do?  



















 **1. Introduction**

In this post I want to show what is, in my humble opinion, the best dieting plan for cutting (losing fat), all backed up by scientific principles; I try to rely on anecdotal evidence (a.k.a bro science) as little as possible. The goals of this plan are:

A) To cut down on body fat

B) To maintain muscular strength and mass

C) To remain generally healthy


**2. Nutrient Breakdown**

I am not a believer that a calorie is just a calorie. Surely, as long as you respect your caloric intake based on the Total Daily Energy Expenditure (TDEE) formula, you will lose weight regardless of where your calories come from. However, this argument forgets two really important points. Firstly, the second most important factor after caloric intake, that is, **satiety**; if what you eat leaves you hungry, you are more likely to eat more and not respect your target caloric intake. Therefore, when I diet for cutting, I eat foods that makes me feel full. Secondly, losing weight and eating healthy do not necessarily go hand in hand; technically, you could lose weight by eating nothing but Twinkies, but does that mean you would be healthier? No. 

Based on these two points, my macro and micro nutrient breakdown when I'm cutting usually goes as follows: A) high dietary fiber, B) moderate protein, C) moderate complex carbohydrate, D) low simple carbohydrate, E) moderate good fat (unsaturated, polyunsaturated   omega-3) and as free of bad fat (saturated and trans) as possible, and F) high in vitamins (A, B, C) and minerals (calcium, zinc, phosphorus, etc.). Now I will explain the why behind each of these macro and micro nutrients:

A) High dietary fiber: when I said that I want to eat foods that make me full, I was referring to dietary fibers specifically. In fact, research has shown that fibers prolong and enhance the sensation of satiety (1) (18). 

B) Moderate protein: this one seems obvious, but I will explain it anyway. The process that creates new proteins in the body is one called protein biosynthesis. Thanks to this process, the amino acids contained in the proteins we eat are joined together chemically to form complete proteins, which are then used for many important processes, including muscle tissue maintenance and growth (2). However, what is less known is that too much protein can be harmful. In fact, ingesting too much protein causes the body to produce a compound known as ammonia, which can damange organ tissues (3). Therefore, proteins are important, but like for everything, moderation is key. 

C) Moderate complex carbohydrate: remember our second goal, maintaining muscular strength and mass. Carbohydrates provide with intensity during training in the form of muscle glycogen (4) and help prevent the breakdown of muscle tissue (2). Furthermore, complex carbohydrates are favored over simple ones (the latter which I explain later), due to the fact that they provide energy more consistently and in the long run (5); inversely, think of simple carbohydrates as peaks and valleys of energy that are absorbed really quickly into the bloodstream (9). However, once again, moderation is key, and too much carbohydrates can be harmful; in fact, carbohydrates increase insulin production, which in turn increase the percentage of your fat intake that is turned into body fat (6). 

D) Low simple carbohydrate: like I mentioned above, you want to limit your simple carbohydrate (sugar) intake while you are cutting, and perhaps even in general as well. Some research has shown that fructose, a simple carbohydrate found abundantly in fruits, soft drinks and most processed food products triggers the brains reward pathway (7) but not its satiety mechanisms (8), leading to something known as the sugar craving cycle (5) and which causes people, upon fructose consumption, to still feel hungry and want to ingest more. Nonetheless, there are two key moments during which you still want to consume simple carbohydrates: during the first meal of the day and post-exercise. This is because, during those times, insulin sensitivity is higher, which means that a bigger percentage of the carbohydrates you eat will be used as energy by the body. Insulin sensitivity is at its highest after a prolonged period of fasting (10) and post-workout, the latter usually being referred to as post-exercise insulin sensitivity in the literature (11). Therefore, you want to eat some simple carbohydrates for breakfast and as part of your post-workout. Also, your main source of simple carbohydrates should be fruits, as the latter are generally rich in dietary fibers, and the satiety effects of fibers may partly negate the effects of sugar by slowing down the absorption of the latter into the bloodstream (12). 

E) Moderate good fat and low (or no) bad fat intake: this is a complex topic, but I will try to keep it simple. Basically, dietary fats, even though they are highly caloric (nine calories per gram compared to four for proteins and carbohydrates), are essential for the body. To relate them to our second goal, dietary fats increase testosterone (9), a hormone that promotes growth of muscle tissue in ways that are beyond the scope of this post. The good fats increase the production of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, which picks up excess cholesterol in the blood and bring it back to the liver where it can be broken down (13). Certain of the good fats, like omega-3, also have a plethora of health benefits that once again go beyond the scope of what is discussed here; they prevent certain aging-related diseases and regulate metabolism, among other things (14). Inversely, the bad fats increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol production, which does basically the opposite of HDL cholesterol and, over time, can lead to coronary artery disease (13). Long story short, a moderate fat intake is important and represents between 20 and 30% of daily caloric intake (9).

F) High vitamin and mineral intake: this is more of a common sense argument, but since you are cutting and therefore eating less, each calorie that you eat is more important in terms of the vitamins and minerals it contains. This is sadly another topic that goes beyond the scope of this post, but vitamins and minerals are important for general health, and are involved in various processes that relate to muscular tissue maintenance and growth (15) (16). Therefore, a healthy cutting diet is one that should be centered on foods that are rich in vitamins and minerals. 

**Sample dieting plan**

In light of everything that I have discussed above, this is what a sample dieting plan for a 6 ft, 200 pound, 25% body fat male in his mid-twenties and who exercises 3 to 4 times a week should look like. 

Firstly, The TDEE formula places that mans maintenance caloric intake at around 2500, and if he wants to lose 1 lb. of fat per week, he needs to be a daily caloric deficit of 500 (as a pound of adipose tissue contains 3500 calories), which places him at 2000 calories daily. You could go up to a 1000 calorie deficit without losing muscle tissue (9), but I personally find that a 500 calorie deficit is a good start for people who are not used to dieting and have more limited knowledge of nutrition. 

Secondly, I assume that this man would be eating 4 meals day, although this is mostly a matter of preference, and there is no general consensus among scientists as to what kind of meal of meal frequency is optimal for general health and weight loss (17). 

Finally, his macro nutrient breakdown would be 40% protein, 40% carbohydrate and 20% fat. This means 200g of protein, 200g of carbohydrate and 45g of fat. Furthermore, about one third to half of the carbohydrates for meal 1 and meal 3 (post workout) are simple ones, and fibers are consumed in various amounts every meal. 

Meal 1

37g old fashioned oatmeal, dry (139cal, 5prot, 25scarb, 3fat)

202g raspberries, raw (105cal, 3prot, 24carb, 1fat)

1 whole egg, hard-boiled (78cal, 6prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10 large egg whites, hard-boiled (170cal, 36prot, 0carb, 1fat)

Meal 2

141g sweet potatoes, boiled without skin (107cal, 2prot, 25carb, 0.5fat)

175g peas, unsalted, boiled (137cal, 9prot, 25carb, 0.5fat)

125g chicken breast, cooked, without skin (200 cal, 39prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10g unsalted nuts (59cal, 2prot, 2carb, 5fat)

Meal 3 (post-workout) (same as meal 1)

37g old fashioned oatmeal, dry (139cal, 5prot, 25scarb, 3fat)

202g raspberries, raw (105cal, 3prot, 24carb, 1fat)

1 whole egg, hard-boiled (78cal, 6prot, 0carb, 5fat)

10 large egg whites, hard-boiled (170cal, 36prot, 0carb, 1fat)

Meal 4

98g yam, boiled, unsalted (100cal, 1prot, 25carb, 0fat)

50g Atlantic salmon, cooked (103cal, 11prot, 0carb, 6fat)

35g avocados, raw (56cal, 1prot, 3carb, 5fat)

125g sweet potatoes, boiled, without skin (95cal, 2prot, 22carb, 0fat)

9 large egg whites, hard boiled (153cal, 32prot, 2carb, 1fat)


**Refeed days**


Firstly, refeed days are not cheat meals. They are **high carbohydrate, moderate protein, low fat days**, and all of the dieting principles mentioned earlier in this post still apply to them. 

According to bodybuilder and Nutritional Sciences PhD Layne Norton (9), refeed days should happen every 6 to 12 days, and increasingly more often the longer you have been cutting.

Through complex interactions with the brain and other parts of the human body, the hormone leptin affects appetite and metabolism. It does so notably by 'countering' the effects of certain neurotransmitters in the brain known as endocannabinoids. Decreased leptin production is associated with increased appetite and decreased metabolism; when someone has been cutting for a long time, their leptin production is decreased, which is why it becomes increasingly harder to keep losing fat despite being at a daily caloric deficit.

Here's what the research says on leptin and refeed days:

A) You should increase your caloric intake up to maintenance level (or maybe a little more if you're the 'hard gainer' body type); if you're losing 1lb a week, this is a 500 calorie increase, and more than that is probably not necessarily and might even have negative effects (19);

B) Carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in leptin production, but not dietary fat (20) (21);

C) As research has shown (22), an increase in carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in insulin levels, which in turn increases the rate at which fat is transported into the body's adipose tissue. This is because the higher the insulin levels, and the more active the enzymes responsible for breaking down fats into fatty acids are (23). Therefore, on refeed days, fat consumption should be kept to minimal amounts;

D) Simple carbohydrates, such as glucose and fructose, have no impact on leptin levels (5).

**Other things to avoid for optimal dieting**

Alcohol: on top of being highly caloric (seven calories per gram) and containing no nutrients, here's why you should avoid drinking for optimal dieting:

A) It disrupts the body's ability to repair and maintain muscle tissue, by slowing down the production of human growth hormone during deep sleep (26).

B) It slows down metabolism, by disrupting the citric acid cycle, one of the body's main metabolic pathways (27). This is complex, but simply put, alcohol is seen as a poison, and the body prioritizes its oxidation over that of fats, proteins and carbohydrates, which means that less of the macro nutrients you ingest are turned into energy, and inversely, more are turned into stored fat (28). 

C) It disrupts the enzymes that synthesize testosterone, thereby slowing down its production (29). 

D) It depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals more quickly than normal (30). Like mentioned above, many vitamins and minerals are involved not only in general health, but also in various processes that relate to muscle tissue growth and maintenance. 

Cocoa: while cocoa has many health benefits (31), it is also highly caloric, high in dietary fats, and contains oxalic acid, which inhibits the absorption of minerals and vitamins by the body (32). I personally use carob over cocoa, as it is naturally sweeter, which means that you need less added sugar to get the same sweet taste, is richer in vitamins and minerals, and is free of oxalic acid (33). 


**References**

1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21115081

2. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11255140

3. http://connectedhealthcaresystems.com/lit/elevated%20ammonia.pdf

4. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1748-1716.1967.tb03720.x/abstract

5. http://www.briancalkins.com/simplevscomplexcarb.htm

6. http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/46/1/3.short

7. http://advances.nutrition.org/content/4/2/226.abstract

8. http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1555133

9. http://www.simplyshredded.com/layne-norton-the-most-
effective-cutting-diet.html

10. http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/81/2/388.full

11. http://europepmc.org/abstract/med/10683091

12. http://www.thinkingaboutnutrition.com/2011/11/the-sugar-to-fiber-dietary-ratio/

13. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/high-blood-cholesterol/in-depth/hdl-cholesterol/art-20046388

14. http://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Omega3FattyAcidsandHealth-HealthProfessional/

15. http://www.hellawella.com/5-vitamins-help-build-muscle-strength-and-tone-body

16. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3289217/

17. http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=56254

18. http://www.nutritionj.com/content/12/1/153

19. http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/50/12/2786.abstract

20.  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012

21. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

22. http://www.spinalhealth.net/insulin.html

23. http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/cellular-microscopic/fat-cell2.htm

24. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10751202

26. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10189054

27. https://chordaetendinae101.wordpress.com/2012/01/05/hangovers-and-the-krebs-cycle/

28. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16047538

29. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11910706

30. http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/aa22.htm

31. http://www.naturalnews.com/022610_cacao_chocolate_raw.html

32. http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA400344/Avoid-Vegetables-with-Oxalic-Acid.html

33. http://www.gilead.net/health/carob.html 




 http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0765159715000039

Twenty weight-lifting males took 4 doses of 5g of creatine for 5 days. After 5 days, they found a significant difference compared to baseline testosterone and cortisol levels. 

Thought you guys would like to read this, since the research on supplements isn't that common even these days. 

For those interested, full article can be found here http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=10.1016/j.scispo.2014.03.006 




 It tastes so good and it's quick and easy to make!

Low in calories, high in dietary fibers, for high carb days/cutting/general nutrition. 1659 calories, 150g of protein, 343g of carbohydrate and 87g of fat. Downsides: about half the carbohydrate calories come from simple carbohydrates, some of the fat calories come from low density lipoprotein fatty acids (mostly in the carob chips).

**Ingredients:**

-15 oz. canned black beans

-3 whole eggs

-1/2 cup carob powder

-1/3 cup unpacked brown sugar (or any other sweetener)

-3 tbsp. coconut oil

-1/2 tsp. vanilla extract

-1 tsp. baking powder

-1/2 cup unsweetened carob chips

-1 cup blueberries

-1 cup Quake old fashioned oatmeal

**Instructions:**

1. Preheat oven 350 and spray baking pan. 

2. Place beans in blender and pulse until smooth. Add remaining 
ingredients except carob chips and blend/pulse together. 

3. Stir in 1/4 cup carob chip in chocolate batter. 

4. Pour brownie mixture into prepared baking pan. Spread remaining carob chips on top of black bean brownie mixture. 

5. Bake for 20-25 min. until toothpick can be inserted into middle of mixture and come out clean.

6. Let cool down for about 1 hour, then put in fridge. 

**Why I use carob over chocolate:**

-Carob is naturally sweeter, so less added sugar is needed to get the same sweet taste;

-Carob contains less fat (high carb and high fat do not mix well together, as carbs increase insulin production and insulin production increases adipose tissue uptake of fatty acids);

-Carob has more vitamins and minerals, and less oxalic acid, the latter which can inhibit absorption of certain minerals by the body. 














 Basically, I'm a bit weird compared to a lot of guys, in the sense that my 'sexual awareness' only appeared when I was 19, compared to most of my male friends who started talking about girls when they were 14-15 and some earlier than that. When I was high school, I had a lot of friends or people that I would hang out with daily, some were guys, some were girls, but to me, they were just that, friends or acquaintances and nothing more. I never thought that I was attracted to guys, and I'm not, but I was never aware of my attraction to girls until I was about 19. It came really suddenly too: I was in a bar, and a girl that I didn't know that well started dancing with me and we kissed, and after that I started thinking about, about her body touching mine, and about what all that stuff meant. Before that, I was completely oblivious to sexuality and relationships. I don't know why it was like that. But no one really told me about it, no one teased me about it or anything like that when I was in high school. I guess people just assumed I hadn't met the right person yet.

Now how is this a problem? Well the problem is a girl that I consider one of my best friends if not the best - we've known each other since we were 12 - and that I now find myself somehow really attracted to. We do everything together. We go to the gym together, run together, have dinners and watch movies together, often hang out at each other's place, etc.. She even tells me about the stuff she does with her boyfriend and we talk about a lot of intimate things. But it was never a big deal because we've known each other for a long time and really get along with and share a similar view of the world and hobbies. Well, it was never a big deal until now, that is. Recently I realized that she wasn't just a friend, that she was also a girl, and a pretty attractive one at that. And I'm having thoughts that I find inappropriate, first, because she's my friend and you're not supposed to be thinking of sleeping with your friends, and also because she has a boyfriend, who is also a good friend of mine and someone I see everyday at the gym. She says that I've been acting weird lately and that I've been keeping something from her, and it's true, but the thing is, how do you go about telling someone that you shouldn't hang out anymore because you have thoughts of having sex with them? And also, I don't wanna lose her friendship, it's precious to me, but at the same time I'm having sexual thoughts and I'm finding that they're increasingly harder to control, and I don't really know what to do.

Tl;dr I've started to have sexual thoughts about my girl friend who's also one of my best friends that I've known for 9 years.  
























 For how long did you do it? What complementary exercises did you do along with the squats? I know it works the upper body too, but since the back and pecs aren't hit as hard, did you also have compound back and chest exercises? Like maybe bench press and rows? Thanks in advance!! 




 So my understanding of chemistry in general is fairly limited, so hopefully the chemistry people can chime in and help me with this.

I know that when the TCA occurs, the process of dehydrogenation takes place, which requires the action of the co-enzyme NAD (as it's a redox reaction). I also know that as ethanol is being converted to acetate, the action of NAD is also required, as it gets converted back and forth to NAD and NADH during that process (since it's also a redox reaction).  Basically, when carbon dioxide is oxidized from citric acid, the electrons transfer to NDA+ to create NADH. 

So, technically, that means that when alcohol enters the liver, there should be an overlap, right? Based on logic, that also means alcohol leads to an increase in fat storage, because the TCA transforms fat into energy, and if it does so at a lesser rate because of alcohol (due to NAD co-enzyme overlap), then there is also an increase in adipose uptake of triglycerides as a result (since they aren't used by the body as energy).

However, I could be wrong, but if I understand correctly, it means ingestion of alcohol indirectly results in an increase in fat storage in the body? 

edit: I found the info here http://zwz.cz/f/allgood1186/1PJ5JPDV/Obrazky-metabolism-chart

edit2: by 'does it increase fat storage?' I actually mean 'does it reduce the lipolysis rate?', sorry for using a misleading expression. I wish I could edit the title now. 

edit3: not too sure why this got so big. I just asked a question and it got more or less accurately answered by at least 10 people in the comments. I wanted to know if ethanol ingestion affected the lipolysis rate. It does. There isn't any more to this lol.  









 My understanding of chemistry is not that good, but I understand that alcohol can only be broken down by enzymes in the liver known as alcohol dehydrogenases (ADH). Those enzymes are also responsible for catalyzing the chemical reactions of certain functional groups (such as hydroxil) within molecules during the body's citric acid cycle (TCA), which is one of the three main metabolic pathways. When alcohol reaches the liver, the ADH have to start breaking down alcohol, and as a result the TCA is disrupted, which causes an increase in fat storage. What I don't understand: why? I don't understand how the fact that ADHs have to break down ethanol disrupts the TCA.  














 Which one do you guys prefer?

One of my friends who's a kin student says that the latter should be avoided because most people don't have the shoulder flexibility necessary to do it properly and you can easily strain your rotator cuff muscles.

Yet I've been doing it for years and never had any injuries. I've done the military press too. I like both, but find that the behind the neck one stimulates my triceps more.  




 I know it's mostly a matter of preference, that it mostly comes down to caloric intake.

Still, some prefer one of these to the other 2. I'm among those who prefer the low to no carb, moderate protein and moderate fat diet. For me, fulfilling a small carb craving used to almost always lead to a much bigger one, which made it hard to respect my target caloric intake, so I stopped eating all carb foods except vegetables. And since then dieting has been easy. 

I only eat high carb and low fat on my refeed days, once every 2 weeks. I have a friend who functions very well on a moderate carb and moderate diet. Which one works best for you guys? I'm curious to know.  









 It's my 16th day of 0 carb. The 2 first weeks weren't so bad, but now people are asking me why I tell them to fuck off when they ask me why I'm so short tempered lol.

I've tried a lot of things. Listening to relaxing music, taking warm baths, watching funny movies, and it's helped to an extent, but there are still times when I feel like throwing my fist into a wall. 

I've tried asking my coach, and said that you just have to deal with it, that's it part of the 'carb cleansing process'. -_-

So, any tips guys? What do you usually do to help with the bad mood on low carb days? 


 









 I've seen a lot of people on this sub say that not only is it fine to have cheat meals, but that it's also a good thing. I would like to argue that this is not true at all, and let me explain why.

Firstly, the idea that it's actually a good thing to have days during which you 'binge eat' even when you're cutting comes from the research on leptin, the mother of all fat burning hormones.

Through complex interactions with the brain and other parts of the human body, leptin affects appetite and metabolism. It does so notably by 'countering' the effects of certain neurotransmitters in the brain known as endocannabinoids (1). Decreased leptin production is associated with increased appetite and decreased metabolism; when someone has been cutting for a long time, their leptin production is decreased, as leptin production is dependent on caloric intake (2), which is why it becomes increasingly harder to keep losing fat despite being at a daily caloric deficit.

In order to solve this problem, scientists working with athletes for whom weight is a concern have come up with something known as the 'refeed method', which consists in having days where caloric intake is significantly higher in order to increase leptin production. However, those 'refeed days' are not what people on this sub perceive as 'cheat days'; instead, **they are low fat, moderate protein, high carbohydrate days.**

Here's what the research says on those refeed days:

-You should increase your caloric intake up to maintenance level; if you're losing 1lb a week, this is a 500 calorie increase, and more than that is probably not necessary and might even have negative effects (3).

-Carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in leptin production, **but not dietary fat** (4)(5).

-As research has shown (6), an increase in carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in insulin levels, which in turn increases the rate at which fat is transported into the body's adipose tissue. This is because the higher the insulin levels, and the more active the enzymes responsible for breaking down fats into fatty acids are (7). Therefore, on refeed days, fat consumption should be kept to minimal amounts; 

-Simple carbohydrates, such as glucose and fructose, have no impact on leptin levels (8).

What does this all mean? Well, **no research has ever said that it's ever fine to 'binge eat' or to consume bad fats and simple carbohydrates in large amounts.** Refeed days should be days where you eat at maintenance level, and where your diet is a low to no fat, moderate protein, high carb one. According to Nutritional Sciences PhD and bodybuilder Layne Norton (9), refeed days should initially happen once every 2 weeks, and as you progress into your dieting process, should become more frequent up to once every 6 days. But they certainly aren't an excuse to eat unhealthy or to not count calories. In fact, from a nutritional point of view, nothing really justifies doing such things, ever. 


**References**

1. http://themedicalbiochemistrypage.org/endocannabinoids.php - Endocannabinoids in the CNS and the Control of Feeding Behaviors

2. http://ajpregu.physiology.org/content/292/2/R868 

3. http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/50/12/2786.abstract

4. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012

5. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

6. http://www.spinalhealth.net/training.htm -  The Insulin Response to Carbohydrates

7. http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/cellular-microscopic/fat-cell2.htm

8. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10751202

9. http://www.simplyshredded.com/layne-norton-the-most-effective-cutting-diet.html 




 I've seen a lot of people on this sub say that not only is it fine to have cheat meals, but that it's also a good thing. I would like to argue that this is not true at all, and let me explain why.

Firstly, the idea that it's actually a good thing to have days during which you 'binge eat' even when you're cutting comes from the research on leptin, the mother of all fat burning hormones.

Through complex interactions with the brain and other parts of the human body, leptin affects appetite and metabolism. It does so notably by 'countering' the effects of certain neurotransmitters in the brain known as endocannabinoids. Decreased leptin production is associated with increased appetite and decreased metabolism; when someone has been cutting for a long time, their leptin production is decreased, which is why it becomes increasingly harder to keep losing fat despite being at a daily caloric deficit.

In order to solve this problem, scientists working with athletes for whom weight is a concern have come up with something known as the 'refeed method', which consists in having days where caloric intake is significantly higher in order to increase leptin production. However, those 'refeed days' are not what people on this sub perceive as 'cheat days'; instead, **they are low fat, moderate protein, high carbohydrate days.**

Here's what the research says on those refeed days:

-You should increase your caloric intake up to maintenance level (or maybe a little more if you're the 'hard gainer' body type); if you're losing 1lb a week, this is a 500 calorie increase, and more than that is probably not necessarily and might even have negative effects [ (1)](http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/50/12/2786.abstract);

-Carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in leptin production, **but not fat** [(2)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10567012) [(3)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336);

-As you can see [here](http://www.spinalhealth.net/insulin.html), an increase in carbohydrate consumption is associated with an increase in insulin levels, which in turn increases the rate at which fat is transported into the body's adipose tissue. This is because the higher the insulin levels, and the more active the enzymes responsible for breaking down fats into fatty acids are [(4)](http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/cellular-microscopic/fat-cell2.htm). Therefore, on refeed days, fat consumption should be kept to minimal amounts; 

-Simple carbohydrates, such as glucose and fructose, have no impact on leptin levels [(5)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10751202). 

What does this all mean? Well, **no research has ever said that it's ever fine to 'binge eat' or to consume bad fats and simple carbohydrates in large amounts.** Refeed days should be days where you eat at maintenance level, and where your diet is a low to no carb, moderate protein, high carb one. According to scholar and natural bodybuilder [Layne Norton](http://www.simplyshredded.com/layne-norton-the-most-effective-cutting-diet.html), refeed days should initially happen once every 2 weeks, and as you progress into your dieting process, should become more frequent up to once every 6 days. But they certainly aren't an excuse to eat unhealthy or to not count calories. In fact, from a nutritional point of view, nothing really justifies doing such things, ever. 

I apologize if I'm shattering your food dreams, or being a party pooper, but this is the cold hard truth.  




 As far as I know, where it comes to refeed periods, there's two methods: 

1) having a relatively long (1-2 weeks) period of caloric maintenance at various points throughout the process of caloric deficit

2) having much shorter (3 days or less) periods of significant caloric surplus (500 cal.) increasingly often as the person progresses through the process of caloric deficit

Personally, I've only tried the second method, and I've had moderate results. In this [research paper](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/130/12/3127S.short), they found that meal-induced increase in leptin production takes 4-7 hours to occur, which seems to suggest that having short periods of caloric surplus is better than having longer periods of caloric maintenance. 

However, I'm looking to try the first method as well anyway, because I know that there's sometimes a difference between theory and practice, but I would like to get feedback before I do. How do you guys usually go about your re-feeding periods? 

Also, in [this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1087161/) and [this study](http://www.pnas.org/content/98/11/6402), they found that high levels of EFA (particularly Arachidonic acid, which is found notably in fish and meat) increase production of the cannabinoid neurotransmitter Anandamide as well as lipogenesis in rats (the two are obviously related). I'm no expert on the topic, but since increased leptin production also leads to reduced production of Anandamide (source [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18516053)), does that mean that EFA intake should also be reduced during the refeed periods in order to maximize their effectiveness? I'm looking for feedback on that as well, so I can figure out what percentage of my caloric intake fat should represent.  




 As far as I know, where it comes to refeed periods, there's two methods: 

1) having a relatively long (1-2 weeks) period of caloric maintenance at various points throughout the process of caloric deficit

2) having much shorter (3 days or less) periods of significant caloric surplus (500 cal.) increasingly often as the person progresses through the process of caloric deficit

Personally, I've only tried the second method, and I've had moderate results. In this [research paper](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/130/12/3127S.short), they found that meal-induced increase in leptin production takes 4-7 hours to occur, which seems to suggest that having short periods of caloric surplus is better than having longer periods of caloric maintenance. 

However, I'm looking to try the first method as well anyway, because I know that there's sometimes a difference between theory and practice, but I would like to get feedback before I do. How do you guys usually go about your re-feeding periods? 

Also, in [this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1087161/) and [this study](http://www.pnas.org/content/98/11/6402), they found that high levels of EFA (particularly Arachidonic acid, which is found notably in fish and meat) increase production of the cannabinoid neurotransmitter Anandamide as well as lipogenesis in rats (the two are obviously related). I'm no expert on the topic, but since increased leptin production also leads to reduced production of Anandamide (source [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18516053)), does that mean that EFA intake should also be reduced during the refeed periods in order to maximize their effectiveness? I'm looking for feedback on that as well, so I can figure out what percentage of my caloric intake fat should represent.  









 http://paindoesnthurt.com/fat-loss-plateau-1-leptin/

Thought I would share this with you guys. This is a great read, simply explained, and backed up by actual research. It summarizes the research on leptin hormone (a.k.a the appetite hormone) and weight loss. 

Basically, since leptin is synthesized primarily from fat cells, the lower your body fat percentage and the lower your leptin production. Leptin counters the effects of naturally occurring THC-like substances in the brain known as endocannabinoids, which reduce metabolism and increase appetite. Therefore, the lower your leptin production, the harder it becomes to keep losing body fat.

The author outlines methods such as refeed days or periods and which allows the person to manipulate leptin production in order to break through weight loss plateaus.  




 I posted this in r/relationships, but didn't really get the help I was looking for. So I'm posting here. I figured, here I'm probably more likely to find people who have had similar experiences. So here goes:

 Basically, the TL;DR version of this post is that I have a compulsive need for counting all the calories that I eat, every meal and every day. I know my anxiety is not rational, that not counting calories all the time isn't that big of a deal, but not knowing how many calories what I eat contains causes me anxiety and extreme discomfort.

It started when I was 15. Back then, I was playing football, and my coach had told the team that, in order to get more muscular and stronger, we needed to eat in surplus. I really wanted to succeed, so I started learning about nutrition, asked my mom to buy me a food scale and started calorie-counting and weighting all my food.

When I was in my last year of high school, an injury pretty much ended my chances of playing in college, so I quit. But by then, counting calories and lifting weights had become a habit, so I started doing bodybuilding instead. Around this time, I was spending a lot of time reading 'bro science' on the internet and I quickly realized that calorie-counting could be applied not just to getting more muscular and stronger, but also to all aspects of one's physique: to prepare for a running competition, to get bigger and stronger, to cut down on fat, etc.. Around that time, I became quite a bit of a nutrition junkie. I started reading on actual research on nutrition and health and all that stuff.

I always thought calorie-counting was a good habit, and it never was a problem. But I'm almost 21 now, and all my friends are teasing me about the fact that I've never really had a girlfriend, that I never really talk about girls as more than friends or acquaintances. Because of that, a couple months ago I started socializing more, I started getting out there so as to increase my chances of meeting someone that I get along with.

The problem is, socializing involves eating without being able to calorie-count all the time, and that prospect causes me extreme mental discomfort. I realized that only recently. For example, 2 weeks ago, my family was having a family meeting at a restaurant, and I didn't go because I was afraid of the anxiety eating food that I couldn't calorie-count would cause me. Also, 2 days ago, I was gonna ask out one of my classmates in college, but I backed out at the last second because I realized that any part of the date that involved eating somewhere would cause me to feel unwell.
Like I said, I know it's not rational. I know that if you calorie-count like 80% of the time, you are fine. But not being able to know how many calories are contained in what I eat causes me anxiety. Also, I find the stuff that they serve in most restaurants and fast food chains to be disgusting, and I don't tell people because I'm scared that they'll think I'm weird or something. Personally, I rarely eat anything other than chicken, brown rice, sweet potatoes, eggs, nuts and lettuce. And my parents think that it's 'not normal' but I pay for my own food for the most part, so they can't really have a say in what I eat.

I've realized that my calorie-counting habit, no matter how good it is, has started to impact my social life negatively in various ways, and I don't know what to do about it. I don't know how to stop, and that is causing me almost as much anxiety as not being able to count calories, so I'm stuck in vicious circle of anxiety that I don't really know how to escape.

Edit : I've read all the comments so far. Thanks for the amazing support. I'm not too sure what to say. I'll re-edit when I am.  




 Ladies, may I ask why?

Very serious question. Please don't judge or make fun. 

As someone who was once at as high as 25% and is now sitting at 10-12%, I am actually offended by this thought.

Are you telling me that I ever dropped below 10%, which I plan to do in the future, I would be perceived as ugly? 

 









 My cutting diet consists in 2000 calories, distributed equally across the 4 following meals (which, as you will notice, are really just four times the same meal):

200g Chicken, roasted, without skin (330 cal, 62 prot, 7 fat)

15g Unsalted mixed nuts (89 cals, 3 prot, 8 fat)

71g Brown rice, cooked, medium grain (81 cals, 1.7 prot, 17 carb, 1.7 prot)

50g of lettuce, raw (8.5 cals, 0.5 prot, 1.5 carb)

For a total of 508.5 calories, 67.1 prot, 18.5 carb and 15.6 fat per meal. The overall total is 2034 calories, 1078.4 from prot, 296 from carb, and 561.6 from fat. 

That means 1908.8 of the calories come from the 3 main macronutrients. 

Why this diet for cutting? They say that as long it fits your macros, it doesn't matter; this is certainly true. However, let me explain to you why my diet works better for me, and I'll let you judge whether it could work just as well for you or not: 

-**Counting the calories of and weighting a bunch of different food products is time-consuming and more complicated**, opening up more room for calculation mistakes that might end up making the entire dieting process less effective. On the other hand, this diet plan took me less than 15 min. to make and is extremely simple to follow daily. The whole dieting process is amazingly effortless.  

-**When it comes to cutting, the second most important thing after counting calories is increasing your dietary fiber intake**. This is because fibers are what makes you feel 'full' and satisfied after you've had food, meaning you feel less hungry with less calories. Brown rice happens to be one of the best sources of dietary fiber around, and lettuce contains quite a bit of fiber too.

-**Nuts are one of the healthiest and fiber-richest sources of healthy fats that exist.** They contain many vitamins that are important for humans. They are also very low in Cholesterol, something that cannot be said for many fat-based food products. It's true that they contain quite a bit of saturated fat, but this is not an issue as long as you count your macros and eat them in reasonable quantities. 

-**Lettuce is ridiculously low in calories**, and not only it is rich in dietary fibers, like I've mentioned above, it also contains just about every vitamin and mineral that humans need in order to remain healthy.

-**As you can see, my diet contains no simple carbohydrates, which are colloquially known as sugar. From my own experience, and I'm sure you can relate, sugar is addictive in a way.** More often than not, when you fulfill a small sugar craving, it leads to an even bigger one, and the next thing you know, you've eaten more than you were supposed to and you are now above your target caloric intake. Yes, the research on 'sugar addiction' is controversial and inconclusive, but personally, anecdotal evidence based on personal experience was more than enough to justify removing simple carbohydrate foods from my diet entirely. In the past, resisting sugar cravings was a struggle for me, and when I first started not eating sugar anymore, I went through hell. However, over time, it got easier, and many months later, I don't crave sugar anymore and I find that it has made dieting much easier. The months of mental suffering were definitely worth it!

-**High protein and low carbohydrate diets can make you increase muscular mass and strength, contrary to what some think.** In the absence of much carbohydrates, the body becomes much more efficient at using stored muscle glycogen and at performing despite far fewer carbohydrates and less insulin. **So, no, not eating much carbohydrates does't mean that you'll lose all your hard-earned gym gains.**

TL;DR The diet that has worked best for me is chicken, rice, nuts and lettuce only all day everyday.  









 Have you ever wondered why losing weight seems to become harder the longer you do it? I have certainly wondered too, and the research that I've done has helped me find both an explanation and somewhat of a solution for that problem, which is what this thread is about.

Most people don't know this, but much of the weight loss research of the past two decades has been done on the hormone known as 'leptin'. It was discovered in the nineties through experiments done on rats. Rats who didn't have the gene responsible for leptin production were three times as big as other rats, quickly developed symptoms of diabetes II and couldn't control their hunger. However, when they received the gene, their size went back to normal, the symptoms disappeared, and they stopped eating everything in their way. Since then, a lot of research has been done on the hormone.

Leptin is a hormone synthesized primarily from fat cells, which in turn come from the food you eat. Its main purpose is to control your appetite; it's what tells your body 'stop, you've had enough!' after you've eaten a certain amount of food. It does so by countering the effects of naturally occuring THC-like substances in the brain known as endocannabinoids. You know how when you ingest or smoke THC, you wanna eat your face off afterwards? Well, endocannabinoids do the same thing but to a lesser extent. When leptin production is increased, the effects of those substances are decreased, leading to increased metabolism and reduced appetite. However, when you've been on a caloric deficit for a long time, your leptin production is significantly decreased, which is why it's harder to keep losing fat. 

In light of this evidence, many athletes and fitness celebrities for whom weight is a concern have developed a method known as the 'refeed period', which consists in eating a daily caloric surplus over a short period of time in order to make it easier to eat less and burn more fat afterwards. This is usually done in the weeks prior to a competition or fitness show. How can this be used for the average layperson who wants to lose weight? Well, by having, throughout your cutting program, days or periods during which you eat in surplus, so as to refresh your leptin production. There is also evidence which suggests that these periods of re-feeding should become more frequent the longer you've been cutting. 

In my researching, I have also found that leptin is an incredibly complex and not fully understood hormone. There seems to be other factors which affect leptin production. For example, one study from 2005 found that when patients were well rested, their leptin production was 'optimal'. Furthermore, there seems to be a link between leptin and the stress hormone, cortisol: in well-rested patients, when their leptin production was high, their cortisol production was proportionately low, suggesting that there is also a more direct link between weight loss and cortisol. In fact, other studies have found a link between cortisol and abdominal fat. 

In short, here's what I am **NOT saying** but which could easily be interpreted from what I have written:

-that you should justify your THC use as something that will help you eat your face off;

-that you should justify eating your face off as an excuse to eat a caloric surplus.

What I am **actually saying** is:

-while cutting, you should have periods where you aren't cutting, but instead eating a caloric surplus, such as one day per week or a few meals throughout the week, to make sure that your leptin production stays high. 

**References**

http://themedicalbiochemistrypage.org/endocannabinoids.php - the relationship between leptin and endocannabinoids explained

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC55013/ -the study in which they discovered the leptin gene

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3065312/ - the relationship between leptin, cortisol and weight loss




  




 I know the crash period that will follow the end of my cutting period will be a brutal one.

Besides the obvious stuff, like increasing fiber intake, what are you guys' tip to not eat the face of the world when you come off the appetite suppressants?  




 I know it sounds like a strange issue, but I don't really know what to do, so I came here to ask for help. Basically, the TL;DR version of this post is that I have a compulsive need for counting all the calories that I eat, every meal and every day. I know my anxiety is not rational, that not counting calories all the time isn't that big of a deal, but not knowing how many calories what I eat contains causes me anxiety and extreme discomfort.

It started when I was 15. Back then, I was playing football, and my coach had told the team that, in order to get more muscular and stronger, we needed to eat in surplus. I really wanted to succeed, so I started learning about nutrition, asked my mom to buy me a food scale and started calorie-counting and weighting all my food.

When I was in my last year of high school, an injury pretty much ended my chances of playing in college, so I quit. But by then, counting calories and lifting weights had become a habit, so I started doing bodybuilding instead. Around this time, I was spending a lot of time reading 'bro science' on the internet and I quickly realized that calorie-counting could be applied not just to getting more muscular and stronger, but also to all aspects of one's physique: to prepare for a running competition, to get bigger and stronger, to cut down on fat, etc.. Around that time, I became quite a bit of a nutrition junkie. I started reading on actual research on nutrition and health and all that stuff.  

I always thought calorie-counting was a good habit, and it never was a problem. But I'm almost 21 now, and all my friends are teasing me about the fact that I've never really had a girlfriend, that I never really talk about girls as more than friends or acquaintances. Because of that, a couple months ago I started socializing more, I started getting out there so as to increase my chances of meeting someone that I get along with.

The problem is, socializing involves eating without being able to calorie-count all the time, and that prospect causes me extreme mental discomfort. I realized that only recently. For example, 2 weeks ago, my family was having a family meeting at a restaurant, and I didn't go because I was afraid of the anxiety eating food that I couldn't calorie-count would cause me. Also, 2 days ago, I was gonna ask out one of my classmates in college, but I backed out at the last second because I realized that any part of the date that involved eating somewhere would cause me to feel unwell.

Like I said, I know it's not rational. I know that if you calorie-count like 80% of the time, you are fine. But not being able to know how many calories are contained in what I eat causes me anxiety. Also, I find the stuff that they serve in most restaurants and fast food chains to be disgusting, and I don't tell people because I'm scared that they'll think I'm weird or something. Personally, I rarely eat anything other than chicken, brown rice, sweet potatoes, eggs, nuts and lettuce. And my parents think that it's 'not normal' but I pay for my own food for the most part, so they can't really have a say in what I eat.

I've realized that my calorie-counting habit, no matter how good it is, has started to impact my social life negatively in various ways, and I don't know what to do about it. I don't know how to stop, and that is causing me almost as much anxiety as not being able to count calories, so I'm stuck in vicious circle of anxiety that I don't really know how to escape. 









 **First, here's some facts about nutrition:**

1. When it comes to weight loss, by far the most important factor is how many calories you eat. The when, what and how don't matter much, based on what science has shown so far. There was a guy in the U.S who lost 27 pounds on a diet of Twinkies, Oreos and Doritos. How? By counting his calories. 

2. The thing that makes eating on a caloric deficit the easiest is how 'full' what you eat makes you feel. When cutting (losing fat), you wanna eat foods that will make you feel more full, so as to be able to go through your day while eating less. Inversely, if you're bulking (gaining muscular mass), you wanna eat things that don't make you feel too full, so you can eat more. Things that make you feel full are white meat, complex carb foods (such as pasta) and, most importantly, fiber-rich foods (such as oatmeal). Find a more exhaustive list [here](http://www.womenshealthmag.com/nutrition/high-fiber-food).

What does that mean? Simply put, to lose weight you need to: a) count your calories and b) eat foods that make you feel full. That's it. If you do those two things, no matter what you eat, you won't necessarily be healthy, but you WILL reach your weight goals.

So how to actually count calories? Here's how:

1. **Calculate your Total Daily Energy Expenditure (TDEE) [here](http://iifym.com/tdee-calculator/).** This will calculate how many calories you need to eat in a day in order to maintain your current weight, based on your age, sex, height, weight, and time spent doing physical activity weekly. To be even more accurate, use the formula that takes into account your body fat percentage. You can estimate that based on pictures found [here](http://www.builtlean.com/2012/09/24/body-fat-percentage-men-women/). 

2. **Take the number of calories you got from the TDEE calculator, and either add or substract depending on your goal.** Generally, you wanna stay within 300 of your TDEE, unless you have advanced knowledge of nutrition. If you wanna gain mass, add 300; if you wanna lose fat, subtract the same amount. 

3. **Use a food nutrient database such as [this one](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/nutrient.htm) to make your diet.** This is a hot topic, but generally, you want your diet to be made up of 40% proteins, 40%  carbohydrates, and 20% fats (mostly essential fatty acids). Also, keep in mind, one gram of protein and carbohydrate each contain 4 calories, and one gram of fat contains 9. So if you have a 2000 calorie diet, you would be eating 200 grams of protein, 200 grams of carbohydrate and 45 grams of fat daily. Now, remember, when you eat doesn't matter nearly as much as how much you eat, so the question of how many meals you should split those quantities into doesn't matter too much. However, as a rule of thumb, between 3 and 5 meals will keep you happy and going through your day if you have lots of filling foods in your diet.

4. **Buy a food scale on Amazon.com.** A decent food scale costs less than $20 if you take into account the shipping fees, as you can see [here](http://www.amazon.com/Scales-Measuring-Tools-Cooks-Gadgets/b?ie=UTF8 node=289787). For something so useful in the long-run, $20 certainly isn't much. Now, when it comes to how you weight your food, it doesn't matter too much as long as you're consistent. I personally weight everything in grams, because that's how I get the most accurate results, but if, for example, you're weighting something post-cooking, then do that for everything else as well. If you are not consistent in your weighting practices, you will get results that are overall less accurate, and it will make your life more complicated too.

5. **Be practical in ways that make your life more simple.** When you start, try to limit yourself to simple healthy foods that are easy to prepare, weight and put together. Examples: chicken, brown rice, sweet potatoes, oatmeal, nuts, fiber-rich fruits like blueberries and raspberries, etc.. Over time, you can diversify your diet, once you've gotten more used to weighting and preparing food. Also, do things that will make it easy to prepare and weight food in the long run, like having re-usable Ziploc bags with the food name and quantity in grams written on it. For example, I eat nuts 4 times a day, once per meal, and I have 4 Ziploc plastic bags, on each of which is written 'nuts, 30g'. This way, I remember that I have to prepare 4 bags of 30g of nuts daily, just by looking at my Ziploc bags. 

Here you go. A simple guide to make calorie counting easier. Of course you're still gonna have to spend a bit of time preparing your food every day, but there's no way around that. But remember, calorie counting is by far the most important thing. You could eat literally anything, and as long you calorie-count, you will still get results. So the time spent calorie-counting is definitly worth it! Hope this helps and if you have any questions, ask away and I will do my best to answer.  




 I know it stores and transports energy across cells. I know that it's used for every muscle contraction. I know that it's bound to 3 phosphates, and that when the 3rd bound is broken down, it forms another organic compound known as adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and a free phosphate molecule in order to provide a cell with energy. Sometimes, this process leads to the formation of excess cell energy, which is stored by forming ATP from ADP and phosphate. That's about it. I'm having a hard time making sense of all of this. Can anybody explain this like I'm 5 year old? 

Thanks in advance. 



















 Let's say you do a strength program such as 5x5 P/P/L with a moderate caloric deficit (300 ish). I would think that resistance training + weight loss drugs that increase heartbeat leads to more fat loss than resistance training with cardio. I don't know for sure though. What do you guys think?  




 Just curious to see if anyone had an experience similar to the one I had.

I did this back in December, and the first time I did, I literally vomited all over the floor at the end. During the first week, I did this only, and from the second week onwards, I started addding some complementary exercises.

I like how it worked my upper body too, from keeping the bar on my back for so long and from working to keep my lungs filled with air through heavy breathing. It's actually a full body workout, even though the main thing that gets destroyed is your legs. But because of that, I added some complementary upper body exercises. 

 









 So far it looks like this:

Week 1:

Clen - 40mcg/80mcg/120mcg/120mcg/120mcg/120mcg/120mcg

Taurine - 3g ED

Potassium - 300mg ED

Week 2: 

Clen - 120mcg ED

Taurine - 3g ED

Potassium - 300mg ED

Week 3:

Ephedrine - 24mg x2 ED

Caffein - 200mg x2 ED

Aspirin - 50g x2 ED

Week 4:

Ephedrine - 24mg x3 ED

Caffein - 200mg x3 ED

Aspirin - 50g x3 ED

Week 5:

Clen  120mcg ED

Taurine  3g ED

Potassium  300mg ED

Week 6:

Clen  120mcg ED

Taurine  3g ED

Potassium  300mg ED


Week 7: 

Ephedrine  24mg x3 ED

Caffeine  200mg x3 ED

Aspirin  50g X3 ED

Week 8:

Ephedrine  24mg x3 ED

Caffeine  200mg x3 ED

Aspirin  50g X3 ED

Week 9:

Clen  120mcg ED

Taurine  3g ED

Potassium  300mg ED

Week 10:

Clen  120mcg ED

Taurine  3g ED

Potassium  300mg ED

Week 11:

Ephedrine - 24mg x3 ED

Caffein - 200mg x3 ED

Aspirin - 50g x3 ED

Week 12:

Clen  120mcg ED

Taurine  3g ED

Potassium  300mg ED

Anything I could add or improve on? 








 





























 I've been searching the web for 100, 105, 120 and 130lb dumbbells, but all I've found was either low weight dumbbells or custom 'add-weight' dumbell thingies where you can make your own dumbbell weight by adding plates to a dumbell kit. I'm looking for actual dumbbells.  
























 I would have posted on /r/steroids, but I'm not allowed to post there yet. 

I've been training for almost 6 years and I've come to a point where, as a natural bodybuilder, my diet and training really have to be on point if I want to keep making significant gains. I'm also feeling pretty down lately and going through a shitty time. Because of this, I'm really tempted to start using AAS, for some reason thinking that seeing better gains would make me feel better.

I've been educating myself for about 2 years on the subject. I know where to buy everything, how to plan, how to inject, the side effects, etc.  Basically, at this point, I've looked at the community websites, I've looked at the research, I've read it all, and it's just a matter of decision. There's also another problem... I'm only 20 year old. I've heard a lot of people say that you should at least wait until you have a couple years of dieting and training under your belt before you start using steroids, but in my case that clearly doesn't apply.

So, even though I could easily use steroids but know I shouldn't, I'm really tempted to do so. Please, help me. I need help to convince myself to stay off the gear. I know this may sound like a dumb question, but I'm literally thinking about this all the time, I even have dreams of it at night, and the urge to just buy them and get on with it is getting harder to resist every day. 



 







































 I mean, sometimes I run outside or even on a treadmill, but it's because I enjoy doing it and because I understand the importance of keeping a healthy heart... I don't do it to lose weight.

When I'm bulking, I lift weights and eat a lot.

When I'm cutting, I lift weights faster and eat a lot less. I stop eating fast digesting carbs, and eat moderate amounts of slow digesting ones. 

I find that there's no point to spend hours on a treadmill or elleptical machine to lose fat, since it's mostly your diet anyway. It's boring as hell. Also, I burn a lot of calories just by doing an intense workout like some kind of circuit training one.

Am I the only one?   














 Basically, title. I know a girl who is into fitness and bodybuilding, she does cardio and lift weights 4 days a week. But, she doesn't wanna do delt exercises because she thinks that, in the long run, it would make her too 'wide'. That's obviously plain wrong to me, but I don't know her that well and I'm not sure how to approach the discussion and bring up my point of view on the subject without coming off as a condescending person. 














 Just wanted to share this with you guys, because it's a [pretty cool study with pretty interesting findings.](http://www.plosone.org/article/info:doi/10.1371/journal.pone.0089431#pone-0089431-g004)

In this study, they found no correlation between post-workout Myofibrillar Protein Synthesis (MPS) and Resistance Training (RT)-induced hypertrophy.

A group of untrained men did a workout during which they also had a protein rich beverage. They found an increase in MPS both throughout and after the workout. They found no correlation, however, between MPS and RT-induced hypertrophy 6 hours after the workout. They also found no correlation between MPS and RT-induced hypertrophy after 16 weeks of RT. The authors suggest that there is no 'linear relationship between hypertrophy and changes in protein abundance'. In other words, MPS does not lead to more RT-induced hypertrophy in first time weight lifters. 





























 Nope it doesn't. There's no farm. I just put that there because I thought it looked good. Good idea though! Might do that in the future.  









 Awesome. Thanks for this. Saved. 









 Is that Amplified?  














 There can only be one.  









 What if the entire universe is just one of the millions of cells of some being?  









 Today I learned.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IITJsTbPvlQ 




 Using the Kobra method, you can theoretically get an infinite number of spawners close together.   




 Would like to know the answer to that question as well. Wow.  




 Thanks. Just to clarify. I just want to try it once for experimental purposes, to see what it feels like. I feel like reading the research on these things isn't enough, you also need personal experience to truly understand how people who use it feel.  




 They left out the part where celebrities use nervous system stimulants like amphetamines to not gain weight, oh and the part where athletes and performers use testosterone products.  









 This. It depends on body fat percentage.  




 And also, you fear that I might hurt people. That's because you assume that I talk about these things in real life. Let me reassure you, I don't. My friends merely see me as some fit guy who works out a lot, but they don't even talk about food, so discussions on food in general rarely come up and even when they do, I just remain silent or out of the conversation, or if my opinion is asked, I give out some random generic bullshit nutrition advice. Sadly, they don't even understand the importance of nutrition for changing your body or in general, and I don't want to carry the burden of having to educate them on the subject.  




 You're right in the sense that I personally feel very, very alienated. Primarily because of my beliefs on food and health, which stem from my outlook on life in general. It's not something that I discuss with my friends or family, because I feel it would just make me feel further alienated to let other people know that I feel alienated, but I do feel this way very strongly.

And this is why I don't want to have children. I would have to choose between transmitting them the values that I believe in and the things that I believe to be true, and making them feel relatively integrated into society. If I did transmit them my values I'd be no better than the obese parents who transmit their unhealthy eating habits to their kids, thus condemning them to endure the same fate... But with my particular outlook on life, I don't believe that there is an in between. 

And Minecraft is just a game that I play. I play many other games as well. Online gaming is my main hobby outside of bodybuilding. True, sometimes I mine blocks while watching TV shows or doing homework. But I still go to university, work part time, prepare all my food, lift 4-6 days a week and get my 8 hours of sleep daily. All these things and online gaming aren't necessarily mutually exclusive, it's all about time management.  




 I don't mean poison in a literal way. I don't know if sugar has a lethal dose, but if it does, it must be insanely high. But it's what it does to your brain and body in the long run that's seen as poisonous. Evidence regarding the 'toxicity' of sugar mostly points towards more refined commercially types of simple carbohydrates, such as fructose and HFCS (HFCS is basically corn syrup that has been engineered to transform some of its glucose into fructose). Which is why soft drink and other 'artificial' sugar-rich products are particularly harmful.  




 I agree with what you said mostly. But if I'm going to 'enjoy life', I would resort to something that's less harmful than alcohol, like ingesting THC or Psylocybin. I believe that the need to alter one's own consciousness is inherent to human nature, but it does not mean that you have to destroy your own body in the process. And this is just me - but drinking in a pub with friends got old after about a year for me. When I was 18, I had that phase too, where I wanted to go out, drink and 'party hard', but after a while I started thinking of how shallow and superficial that was, and that my time could be used more efficiently. There are so many things to do in our vast world... It baffles me that some people would spend most of their free time doing something that has little benefit in the short run, and only negative consequences down the road.  




 Let me explain this in simpler terms. Nature does things well; humans have evolved to like sweet things, because originally sweet things were also healthy and necessary for survival: they were mostly fruits, which are rich in vitamins and minerals, and rich in dietary fibers, which balance out the nefarious effects of sugar by controlling appetite and maintaining gut flora health. But sugar on its own is a poison, as it makes you feel pleasure without satisfying your feeling of hunger, thus making you want to eat more of it - this is what is meant by the sugar-craving cycle. At some point in time, the food companies became aware of this, and they realized that they could make a fortune by exploiting humans' natural predisposition towards sugar and removing the things that usually accompany it and therefore make it fine to ingest, such as things found in fruits. And from this were born soft drinks, chocolate bars and most of the nasty processed sugar-rich food products that obese people and society at large consume nowadays. This is essentially an evolutionary mismatch between people's predisposition to eat sweet things for survival purposes and people's desire to acquire physical richness. What is the outcome of this? Widespread obesity and a bunch of other related health issues.  




 If that's all you got from what I wrote there, there's nothing I can do to help you. Either you didn't take the time to read, or you have nothing to answer that would support your own point of view and contradict mine.  




 There would be no psychological need for sugar if sugar was never consumed to begin with. From an evolutionary perspective, humans have evolved to like sweetness, but sweetness does not only equate to cake and candy bars. Look, you were not born with the need to eat chips or cake, or with the need to drink beer or hard liquor. The fact that you 'crave' certain foods is merely the product of a culturally enhanced evolutionary predisposition for certain nutrients and other chemicals, but it's not necessary for your survival. When it comes to the point where the instant satisfaction that you experience from the consumption of something far outweighs whatever long-term consequences may be on the line due to frequency of consumption, there is a big problem IMO. And this is why society is so fucked up when it comes to food.  




 If you knew what sugar in general does to your body, trust me, you would probably avoid it too. Sugar is decent for high endurance sports athletes, but not for the general sedentary population. The sugar in fruits is probably fine for everyone anyway, but certainly not the highly processed sugar that things like cake and candy bars contain. You see, from an evolutionary perspective, humans have evolved to associate sweetness with energy density for survival purposes - in the past, sweet foods were usually good. But this has nothing to do with the toxic, obesity-inducing , devoid-of-nutritional-value food products that are mass produced for economic purposes nowadays. In those foods,  sugar is a poison. In fact, sugar affects the brain's reward pathways and the nucleus accumbens, a region of the basal forebrain associated with motivation, pleasure and reinforcement of behaviors, but doesn't trigger the brain's satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists colloquially refer to as 'the sugar-craving cycle'. This is why when people eat cake, for example, they usually don't have just a piece, but rather 2 or 3 or more... and even if they have just one, it takes them a huge effort to 'resist the urge to eat more', because it just tastes so good and they feel like eating the entire cake.  




 Just a clarification: fruits are also sugar. In fact, they're primarily made of that. The reason why they're still healthy is because they're rich in sugar but also in dietary fibers, the two of which balance each other's effects on the body, and also because they're also relatively low in calories and rich in micro nutrients. But they are still sugar.  




 Not based on any research, but I would say the DB press.  




 So what you're saying is my kid would suffer socially speaking if I didn't allow her/him to do what her/his friends' unhealthy ignorant parents are allowing their own kids to do? Makes sense, and this is why I don't want to have children. But you're right, having cake once in a while is probably harmless. But the real issue is that parents who allow their kid to have cake also allow them to regularly eat a lot of a bunch of food products that are rich in bad fats and processed simple carbohydrates. This, in the long run, definitely has consequences.  




 Firstly, the assumption that you need to eat any food product, such as cake, is a cultural construct. Humans are born needing macro nutrients in order to survive and micro nutrients in order to be healthy, that's it. The rest is just a byproduct of the society in which we live. Also, how do video games and obsession relate to each other? Do you even know what an obsession is, medically speaking? A lot of different things could be byproducts of some kind of obsession or obsessive disorder, I don't know why you're pinpointing a video game in particular. If by 'you might consider seeing a psychiatrist' you mean 'I can't get over the fact that your outlook on the world strongly differs from mine', then sure, I agree. Otherwise, I just think that you're making a bunch of mostly baseless assumptions and you don't really know what you're talking about.  




 And that's why I would never say this to anyone in real life. But on the internet I don't come care as much. I just express my opinions in an unfiltered manner.  




 I agree. I love it so much that I've sacrificed everything for it. My good friends became shallow ignorant people (I don't tell them of course, but secretly I believe that). The foods that used to taste good, I now see as unhealthy processed crap that's all part of the grand industrial scheme to make tons of money from mass slaughter of genetically modified animals and production of addictive nutrients while slowly sending people to their death. All the people surrounding me and their petty lives... The person that they are only means as much as their inability to understand even the very things that they put through their month on the daily, and the fact that they'll unconsciously transmit those irrational and unhealthy habits to their offspring. In other words, they are utterly meaningless to me. When you come to truly understand what fitness and being healthy mean, your understanding of the world also changes drastically, and the light that once filled your unknowing mind is replaced by darkness as the reality of the pitiful lives of most people that inhabit this world unfolds before your eyes.  









 Whoa! That's fascinating! Thanks for sharing.  









 Avoid exercises that make you feel knee pain until the pain is gone and you get the okay from whatever professional is following your case?  




 Contrary to popular bro science, you don't need to exercise to lose weight. You just need to use more calories than you ingest. If you aren't exercising as much, simply eat less to make up for it. Eat lots of proteins and vegetables and there should be no muscle loss either.  




 The only thing that will bring back your pain is doing deadlifts with poor form, which is also what probably made you feel pain in the first place.  




 My first priority is always to increase muscle tissue. Second one is to reduce adipose tissue. When I was younger and fatter, it was the opposite. But the closer I got to 10% and the more I realized the truth: gaining muscle is much harder than losing fat.  




 Refeed days should be at maintenance, not above. They should also be high carb, moderate protein, low fat days. This is because the only thing that research has shown to affect appetite hormone serum production is complex carbohydrates. No significant correlation has ever been shown with fat, protein and sugar. Also, carbohydrates and fats do not mesh well together, because carbohydrates increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides.  









 Sounds to me like another excuse to have cheat meals more often.  




 What caloric deficit you should be at depends on your body fat %age, on how long you've been on a deficit and on how long you plan to be on one. If you are above 20%, you could be even on a 1000 calorie deficit and eat lots of protein and be fine. If you are closer to 10%, I would not go above 500 calorie. In all cases, I think it's better to just be on a daily deficit rather than only have some days where you're on a deficit. Discipline is not just something that you decide to have one day, it's also a habit, something that you learn and that becomes easier with time. If you wanna lose weight more slowly, just be on a smaller daily deficit.  




 It sounds to me like you're looking for excuses to not be on a strict diet. I don't see how eating with your girlfriend or eating out occasionally prevent you from being on a caloric deficit or roughly respecting your macro nutrient breakdown. 

Speech giver Eric Thomas said: 'the most important thing is this: the ability, at any moment, to sacrifice what you are for what you will become.' 

If you let the small things of your daily life, such as the ones you're describing here, get in the way of the future you have envisioned for yourself, then that future will never happen. There's a reason a lot of people don't go very far when it comes to changing their body: it's because they keep coming up with excuses like these. 'I want to diet but I don't want to never eat out', 'I can't be on a deficit because I have to eat with my girlfriend.' 

Sounds like a bunch of unfounded excuses to me.  




 I wasn't referring to you in particular, don't worry. This is sent towards the community as a whole. But I agree with what you said! 




 -Have you: 

-Made an Ocean Monument farm?

-Made a squid farm that uses Guardians to kill squids?

-Used the Ocean Monument blocks to build cool things?

-Used sponges to do things that involve building underwater or removing large areas of water?

-Made cool redstone contraptions that use slime blocks?

-Used red sandstone, diorite, granite, andesite, and chiseled   cracked stone bricks to build cool things?

-Found a Killer Bunny?

-Made a Minecraft map that uses the new Command blocks?

-Made a bunch of cool features   models that use the new Command blocks?

Because these are just few of the things you can do in 1.8, and I think that if you haven't done them yet, you have no right to complain that you are bored of 1.8.  




 Nothing is holding me back. And I am in fact reaching them. It's just a matter of patience now. It takes time to change your body.  




 I know the feel. It was hard for me to lower my bench weight so I could bench press with straight wrists. But in the long run it was worth it.  




 It's fine to be a small idiot with a big ego. It's fine to make mistakes. What I can't respect is when people stay that way and never learn and never change. But you managed to see your own shortcomings and overcame them. Congrats bro.  




 It depends on your body fat percentage. Even a 1000 calorie deficit, given sufficient protein intake, is probably fine for someone who is at 25% body fat. But at 10% body fat, I would never be on more than 500 unless I'm using steroids.  




 You're either at maintenance or on a deficit. If you're eating enough calories that you'd be at maintenance if it wasn't for the calories you burn doing Muay Thai, you're at a deficit. Period. Also, I'm no Muay Thai expert, but I would guess that you need mostly general strength, which means a strong core and good intra and intermuscular connections, which means heavy compound exercises, like squats and deadlifts. That's what you're already doing. I'd say keep doing that.  




 Healthier foods are said to work for weight loss because they are generally lower in calories than their less healthy counterpart. However, caloric intake is still what mostly matters in the end. You could eat a lot of healthy foods, and still not lose weight because you are not on a caloric deficit despite eating 'healthy'. Inversely, you could be on a diet of Twinkies and chips and still lose weight if you are on a caloric deficit. In experiments conducted in a controlled setting, reducing caloric intake far outweighs any other factor when it comes to lowering adipose tissue percentage and improving general health. Therefore, you should count your calories. 'Common sense dieting' is the best way to never drop sub 20%. It will obviously work for the morbidly obese, but isn't an effective long term method if you want to be serious about changing your body.  




 Unless you are really muscular or really tall or a mix of both, there's no way your TDEE is at 3500 calories. You must have made a mistake.  




 'Obsessed' is the word the lazy use to describe the dedicated. And having a nice body is what makes me happy. Perhaps I'm a weird breed, but isn't it what life is about - doing what makes you happy?  




 'Research suggesting that...'

OP offers no source to back up claim that research suggests what he's talking about.

Didn't read the rest, sorry.  




 I don't know if you guys have or have had a similar experience, but personally, I feel like the answer to the question in the title is yes.

My main hobby is bodybuilding, but it's a hobby that my friends don't share nor are interested in, so it's one central subject of my life that we can't talk about.

I also feel kind of alienated from society, because I don't really eat the foods that most people eat, I don't really have breakfast, dinner and supper and all that, I rarely eat out because the foods that most places serve don't fit my macros most of the time, and I don't drink alcohol. Sometimes I go out, but since I don't drink, the whole idea of 'going out, getting drunk and partying hard' doesn't appeal to me as much as it does for my friends and so most of the time I end up preferring to stay home and playing video games instead. 

I also tend to turn off social opportunities a lot because I'm busy lifting, doing cardio, preparing food or sleeping. I don't really have time to see people as much as before I started this new lifestyle. I get up, eat, prepare food, go to class, eat, go to class again, eat, lift weights, go home, eat, study, go to sleep, rinse and repeat.

It was never intentional, but I feel like the more I've immersed myself into the lifestyle, and the more I've felt alienated from society and the less I've had interactions with others. Is it just me?  




 Whoa! Looks good man! 




 What would you replace them with? 









 Looks like bamboo sticks.  




 No, but everyone keeps telling me that I should make one, so maybe I will.  




 I wanted to release a save, but I've heard of people getting their work used and not being given credit for it, so now I'm scared.  




 Amazing! 














 I have a Nether fortress farm. Wither skeletons drop coal.  




 There is a reason people who are insanely dedicated tend to only eat chicken, rice and broccoli: because there aren't a million optimally healthy food products out there. Of course that diet isn't sustainable for most people, but it's still the truth.  




 No, peas do contain sugar as well, but they have a much better dietary fiber/sugar ratio. Milk is higher in sugar by about 4g on average, and contains no dietary fibers. A cup of peas contains 9g of sugar but also 9g of dietary fibers.  




 For most people and most of the time, yes. Sugar stimulates the nucleus acumbens, a region of the basal forebrain that is associated with motivation, pleasure and the reinforcement of behaviors. Fructose in particular has also been found to affect the brain's reward pathways without triggering its satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists call the 'sugar-craving cycle'. Nonetheless, there are times when sugar is good. For example, when combined with a high dietary fiber content; this is because dietary fibers are known to decrease appetite, and is partly why fruits are healthy despite being made primarily of sugar. Sugar is also good during times of insulin sensitivity, such as during the first meal of the day and immediately following an intense physical effort. This is why sugar is especially good for high endurance sport athletes, such as marathon runners. 

But is it good for the average mostly sedentary overweight adult who does a moderate physical effort 2-3 times a week? If you ask me, no. These people have no understanding of the biochemical principles on which nutrition is based, let alone any self control, so they should stay away from sugar. When people ask me to help them lose weight, the first advice I usually give them is to stop eating industrial food products that are mostly made of highly processed sugar and bad fats. And when they don't follow that advice, they rarely succeed in the long run.  




 Of course you don't. You've been consuming sugar since you were a child, like most people. You associate it with feeling good.  




 It's not that I personally don't want milk. I just don't think it's a food product anyone other than a baby should be drinking, for the reasons mentioned above.  




 IMO drinking milk isn't needed in adults. It's good for babies who can't eat solid foods, but that's it. There are other sources of food that have the same protein, dietary fat and vitamin   mineral content, but without the added sugar. Take for example a cup of peas. It contains slightly more calories than a cup of milk and a little less fat, but more proteins, more vitamins and minerals, more dietary fibers, and much less sugar.  




 Alcohol slows down metabolism, reduces the synthesis of testosterone, reduces the synthesis of growth hormone during deep sleep, and depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals, many of which are involved in various processes that relate to muscle tissue growth and maintenance. There is also evidence that it might reduce protein biosynthesis. Needless to say, if you're serious about changing your body, it should be a big no-no. If you're an athlete, it's even worse.  




 Love the use of the bed and trapdoors! 




 Something iconic about the game. A creeper, like you said, or a diamond, or a diamond sword. Maybe an Enderman.  









 Wow. This is truly amazing! Thank you! 




 Really nice use of the packed ice.  




 Holy mother of blocks.  




 Ok. Thanks! 




 Nope. Well it's not exactly a chandelier. But I wasn't sure what else to call it. I meant that thing made of light blue glass and sea lanterns.  




 Soon (I hope).  









 The technical definition of a village in Minecraft is actually a door. 









 Good tip. Thanks!  









 Got a world download? 




 Whoa! This is awesome! Thanks man! The things you can do with command blocks in 1.8 are crazy! A map maker's dream come true! 




 Thanks! 




 Is there a video out there for such a design? I've been looking but can't find.  




 Indeed.  




 Sorry I should have specified - yes you can, to answer your first question. The only thing that you can't do is the opposite, that is, using the snowball design for the Wither tree farm. For a cobblestone generator, you can use both designs. I'm not too sure which one is actually most efficient, though.  




 Different designs. The snowball design can also be used for the Wither tree farm. However, you would have to be planting saplings and creating snow at the same time in order for it to be AFK-able, which is impossible unless you are on a server and can control two accounts at once. However, in this case, since cobblestone is created on its own by water, lava and pistons, creating snow is the only thing that you have to be doing. In the case of the automatic smelting system I posted about yesterday, it's actually the reason why it cannot be fully automatic. You have to plant the saplings in order to create the charcoal, and attack a snowman in order to create cobblestone. If either process could be fully automated without requiring any action from the player, the entire process would become AFK-able. Maybe some day Mojang will make dispenser plant saplings, or make another block that does that. Who knows. 




 Dayum! This looks mighty fine good sir.  




 Even though I obviously don't know Notch personally, I always frankly thought he was just a weird funky dude. But I respect him for the incredible game he brought to life.  




 World download:
http://www.mediafire.com/download/1dwooomofkg24b1/compact_cobble_farm.zip 

Designs used for this farm:

[Cobblestone generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUfzi_A80pc)

[Snow generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlVZc4tQ8Yk) 









 Mojang have shown that they are able to make NPC craft items. I wonder if they expand upon that idea in the future and give us more crafting automation. This would open up a whole lot of possibilities. 

For example, right now it's possible to make the process of transforming cobblestone into stone almost fully automatic. You have a Wither that breaks logs, the logs get sent into a charcoal machine, the surplus of which gets sent into an automatic smelting system. You also have another Wither breaking cobblestone blocks that get created by lava and water and then pushed in front of him with pistons. The only things that aren't automatic are providing the dispenser of the Wither-log-breaker system with bonemeal. But, in the future, if we have a mob that, for example, can craft bones into bonemeal, this process could become fully automatic.  




 Whoa.  









 No, but it sorts and collects them! 




 There is no need to prevent that. The Wither's upward and downward movements are limited by the ceiling above him and the hoppers below him respectively. And he will never try to break either because he's busy shooting his skulls into the Bedrock/Barrier/End portal frame block. The idea that you need something special to hold the Wither in place is a myth. You could literally place the Wither inside a square of iron blocks and as long as there's an unbreakable block in front of him and a hostile entity on the other side, he will never break out of the square of iron blocks.  




 Indeed! 




 :) 




 Nope. This design only works with oak, birch and jungle wood. The Zipkrowd design works flawlessly with all types of food except dark oak, but my understanding of redstone is not good enough to reproduce it and they haven't made a tutorial.  




 Dig out the Stronghold, replace the empty space with the farm itself, and make the Wither cage around the Portal blocks.  




 [There you go.](http://www.mediafire.com/download/vgzgat41y16ar3h/1_8_Tree_Farm.zip) 




 Well personally I have an Iron Golem and a witch hut farm, so it wasn't complicated at all to get all the resources necessary. But I see your point.  









 Maybe. Would have to test it before I can tell.  




 Lol. Your comment made me smile thanks! :) 




 Not sure what you mean. Can you elaborate? 




 It is. But you have to use the End portal frame blocks of a deactivated End portal.  









 Lol sorry I should have left out the '100%' part out. Simply 'almost fully automatic' is more appropriate. 




 End portal frame block is the only block that can be used to make a legitimate 100% safe Wither cage. The 3 other blocks that the Wither's blue skull attack cannot break are the End portal blocks (the actual portal, not the frame around it), the Barrier blocks and Bedrock. Although you could theoretically use Bedrock, it would be extremely impractical. Barriers blocks are not available in Survival. The actual End portal blocks won't be destroyed but the attack will still go through them.  




 Thanks! Pleasure's mine! 




 I probably didn't do it properly. I'm sorry.  




 Holy mother of villages 









 Exactly. I have a villager breeding   sorting system so getting emeralds and trading them for diamond tools is really easy. Also, I don't wear diamond armor because I find it boring that you're unkillable with enchantments. I mainly use Chainmail armor which looks cooler anyway. :) 




 I wanted to do this in my survival world, but it's a more complex design so I worked things out in Creative first and this was the result. Also, my world has a Nether fortress farm-powered smelting station that uses coal and blaze rod drops from Wither Skeletons and Blazes and I wanted to compare the efficiency between the two.  




 Why what? I'm so sorry I don't understand the question. :( 




 Why? I think it looks nice! 




 Well I did this in my survival single player world. :)  




 Oops! I fixed it! Sadly I can't fix it in the pic. :( 




 [There you go!](https://www.mediafire.com/folder/6t0bbowre79uv/1_8_Tree_Farm) 




 Oh, I know about that. I'm just not sure of what would be a good website to upload it.  




 I would really love to, but I'm not sure how to do that. When I have some time to figure this out, I will.  




 Yeah. Fixed that. Thanks.  




 This farm contains:

[-An AFK-right click wood compressor for oak, birch   jungle wood logs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I07oHxkwV8g)

-An AFK-right click 130 block/min cobblestone generator that can be mined with an Efficiency 5 diamond pickaxe and a Haste II beacon (basic design)

[-A 100% safe 1.8 Wither cage using Barrier blocks (Deactivated End portal frame blocks in a Stronghold can be used for Survival mode)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I07oHxkwV8g)

-[An infinite charcoal producing machine (only works with a constant input of wood logs)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD1BQAUl134)

[-An auto smelter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xzbx7vFqqE)

[-2 item sorters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHjWYCDYJ4s)

You can also make a similar design using a witch hut, blaze or Nether fortress farm instead of the Wither Wood Breaker-Charcoal Maker combo used here. The only thing that you need is a renewable source of fuel. 

[Here's a world download.](https://www.mediafire.com/#6t0bbowre79uv)  









 Mine uses charcoal. Saplings grow into trees, tree logs get pushed into a Wither cage, the Wither breaks the logs, then the logs get turned into charcoal in an infinite loop and the surplus charcoal is used to smelt the blocks.  









 Yes. It's not like making a Wither-based farm is easy anyway. It's already something that takes a lot of work and general game knowledge. It should be something that is hard to do, but that can be reliably done. That's just my opinion anyway.  




 Yes.Technically, it might be possible to make a design that uses the End portal blocks as a wall for the cage, although I can't tell for sure because I've never tried this. But in all cases it's extremely inconvenient to do that.  




 It is the only reason why Wither cage farms cannot exist in 1.8 Minecraft. The players from the Zipkrowd server, which is pretty much the most advanced server in the community when it comes to redstone and general game mechanics, have studied the Wither mechanics quite a bit, and they have concluded that no reliable Wither cage design is possible in 1.8. This is due to the fact that the Wither has a 0.1% chance of shooting out a blue skull when targeting an entity, and that blue skull destroys everything except bedrock, end portal and barrier blocks. 

Redstonespire, formely from the Zipkrowd, has made a tutorial on how to build a tree log compressor, and his design is pretty much the only one that works reliably and compresses all 4 types of wood (dark oak excluded) without glitches or issues in 1.8. You can see it [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW9-bHUmBbQ).
Since all Wither cage designs are based on the idea of a Wither targeting an entity that it cannot kill, you can see how this is problematic.

He explains why he hasn't made a tutorial on how to build the compressor itself or how to connect it with a Wither cage: because, like I said, there is no way to make a reliable design in which the Wither won't have 0.1% chance of breaking out and destroying everything.

In light of evidence, I believe that if Mojang removed the Wither's blue skull attack, it would be beneficial for the community, in that it would allow the player to interact with the Wither a lot more in order to create cool farms and other things.  




 The [farm from the Zipkrowd server](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNZsP36hqxk) is much faster than Tango Tek's. Literally twice faster, actually.  And you don't need to build it inside the spawn-chunks either, as it repairs itself.  




 Yeah. This really sucks. I have a friend who plays on a survival vanilla server, and on that server they said that since the Wither has a 0.1% chance of shooting out a blue skull when targeting an entity, there is literally no 100% survival design that can work reliably at the moment. So what they did is they placed a wall of bedrock using Creative mode in front of the Wither (Bedrock and End portal blocks are immune to the Wither's blue skull). They built everything rest in Survival, but still, this isn't 100% legit.  




 I don't know if anyone has thought of this before me, but I couldn't find any videos. I don't know if this is technically possible either, but I would say it is. The logs get broken by the Wither, then sent to a charcoal farm where they get turned into surplus charcoal, then the charcoal goes to an automatic furnace system. Meanwhile, the cobblestone from the cobblestone generator is sent to the automatic furnace system as well, thus cooking it into stone. You could put something heavy on your mouse's right click button, create cobblestone for an hour, then do the same thing for the Wither log breaker and go AFK while you're placing saplings for an hour. This way, you'd get massive amounts of stone with little effort. 

Do you guys think this would work?  




 [Correct.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTSieOFzldk)
The farm design in itself is not mine, of course. I just wanted to show off the aesthetics of the whole thing. :P  




 All you need now is a jukebox!  




 Looks yummy. What is it made of?  









 Whoa this is amazing! Thank you! Will most definitely be using! Also, I LOVE that it has some of the mod blocks included. Once again, amazing!  




 Just so you guys know, I haven't tested this yet. But I just came across it and thought it was very smart.  









 Yes. But that's just me.  









 Good to know, thanks! 




 I want to build one, but I hear there's a very small chance (less than 1%) of the Wither somehow not targetting the Iron Golem and breaking free from the cage? Is this true?  




 You don't need to do cardio in order to lose adipose tissue. What you need is a caloric deficit. You do cardio to - you won't believe it - improve your cardiovascular ability. I suggest you focus on maintaining a daily caloric deficit and lifting weights. Especially the deficit part. Good luck! 









 Thanks! 




 It is though. That's the reason why we are the dominant species on this planet. Instead of adapting to the environment, we adapt the environment to our needs. Humans have thrived on almost every continent and piece of land for thousands of years.  




 Similarly, why aren't there villages in every biome? Evolutionary speaking, humans can adapt to any climate/environment; this should be true in Minecraft as well. I think having snowy/jungle/Mesa themed villages would be really cool. Also, villagers could be trading different things based on the climate/environment of their biome.  




 It's a question that I've been asking myself for a while. My understanding of redstone mechanics is limited, but I know that you can make things move on their own with redstone, pistons and slime blocks. I was wondering if it would possible to make a Wither cage move on its own and, this way, automatically break and collect virtually any block that the Wither can destroy?  




 Great idea. Thanks.  




 Haha me and Etho are the only ones. :D 




 Fair enough. To be honest I had a double chest full of Endstone and felt inspired. That's mainly why I did it lol. Inspiration is a weird thing, so you take it as it comes.  




 What would you have replaced the Endstone with? I just think it's very fitting in this case, but I could be wrong.  




 H... How? I don't even. This is beyond my builder's understanding. Explanation please.  









 Nice beginner gains man! You did a good job on the training. However, you won't be able to get away that easily with eating 'pretty much whatever' in the future, you might wanna know...  




 Right now, I'm cutting so:

-Clenbuterol Hydrochloride

-Ephedrine Hydrochloride (when I'm not taking clen)

-Creatine Monohydrate

-Omega-3 fish oil

-Multivitamin

-5-HTP

-Aspirin (when I'm not taking Clen)

-Potassium tablets

-Taurine capsules

-BCAA supplement

-Caffeine tablets

-Glutamine

-Beta alanine

-Whey protein (not really a supplement but yeah) 









 Lol maybe (I wish:D) 




 Thanks! 




 Hum, maybe, but what? Sure sand would work, but wouldn't that be too much sand? 




 Haha I didn't mean in the End, like the dimension lol. I meant 'in the end' like 'ultimately' 'at the end of the day'. :D But on that note I think Endstone can look good with a few things... In fact I've used it as a building block in the past, I just can't remember for what or give you a specific example atm, will edit when I do.  
























 I'm a guy, I've been dealing with feeling down for years. I've never been diagnosed for depression and it doesn't really affect my everyday life, but I've never been happy either and there are times that I genuinely feel depressed, and I don't tell anyone, not even my parents or closest my friends. It's a secret that I keep to myself. I have to be a great son and friend, to perform as a student and athlete, I'm also a teacher and counselor and I hear many horrible stories from people in need of psychological support everyday. I'm not the one who's expected to snap. I just can't be. There's just too much pressure. Too much pressure to perform, to excel, to constantly be the best person that I can be. But one day I think I will snap, I just don't know when or how. 




 There is a significant correlation between protein intake, low GL and high GL carbohydrate intake, and weight changes.  









 Same! 




 Thanks, will definitely watch! 




 There is no link. This comes mostly from what I learned in school and from my general knowledge. But let me try to find you a good link.  




 In layman's terms, the glycemic index indicates how quickly the nutrients are absorbed into the bloodstream and then either transformed to make energy or stored as fat tissue. The glycemic load, on the other hand, is more accurate as it takes into account how quickly it is absorbed, but also, how much sugar is actually absorbed. If you just look at the glycemic index, carrots appear to be really bad because they are digested really quickly. However, in reality carrots are still healthy, because they contain very little sugar, which the glycemic load reflects. 

What do glycemic index and glycemic load mean? Well, when you eat sugar, your pancreas secretes insulin which will help 'push the sugar' into your system so that, like I said, it can either used as energy or stored. More specifically, when insulin is secreted, glucose is stored as glycogen in your liver and muscle cells through a process known as glycogenesis, and when your blood sugar drops,  the glycogen is converted back to glucose through glycogenolysis, and then to a compound known as pyruvate through a process known as glycolysis, and from there, it will undergo many other changes in order to be used as energy. 

But the issue with the nutrients being pushed is that more of them will be wasted (as the body can only use so much nutrients at a given time) and turned into fat tissue. So insulin has its ups and downs, but definitely more downs if you're trying to cut and vice versa.  




 Well, don't take everything I said as absolute truth, as science is a complicated thing and my understanding of these phenomena is not that advanced, but a good article to read if you're interested in the subject might be [this one](http://dana.org/Cerebrum/2013/Gut_Feelings__Bacteria_and_the_Brain/) 




 There is also research which suggests that eating healthy literally gets easier over time. This is because the nutrients you eat affect your gut flora composition, and in turn the bacteria in your gut influence your brain to make you crave the nutrients that they prefer through the gut-brain pathway. As you eat healthy more consistently, the 'bad food' micro organisms will get more and more replaced by the 'good food' ones, and you will start craving unhealthy foods less and less. So don't give up! It will definitely get easier.  




 To me, there has always been a difference between spirituality and religion
. Spirituality makes sense from an evolutionary perspective, as it's the result of the interaction between our ability to think abstractly, and our ability to come up with answers to the questions that we raise, both for obvious survival purposes.

Religion, on the other hand, is the organization of sets of spiritual beliefs for social, political and economical reasons. 

I understand both spirituality and religion, and hate the latter, and also hate the fact that most people are not aware of that distinction.  









 Yeah I was just messing around. I don't know to what extent more = better when it comes to micro nutrients tbh. I need to research on that, actually. It's an interesting subject. The answer is probably very complex, as it depends on each micro nutrient I would guess.  




 Funny fact: studies conducted on the effects of Trenbolone on livestock concluded that it drastically increases the degree of absorption of micro nutrients. I'm not saying this outweighs the other effects, but if you're injecting that compound, you might as well make the most of it by eating metric shit tons of vegetables, low GL fruits, sweet potatoes and other foods that are rich in micro nutrients.  




 MGF is an isoform of Insulin-like growth factor 1. It is modified at the genetic level to produce a different mRNA sequence due to the addition of several nucleotide sequences. In rodents, it affects the post-exercise acute skeletal muscle repairing process, by activating the satellite cells in muscle tissue, which then proliferate and provide local muscle tissue with additional blast cells during myogenesis for muscle tissue repair. However, testing in humans is limited, so I would advise against taking what is said here too seriously.  














 Rush speaks fluent English and can translate the basics.  














 No. Those supplements are a fraud. No one has ever clandestinely injected a virus in their body with this purpose. This is the absolute first time this has been done.  




 This is the method they used in that clinical trial. That's why I said you would have to be vastly rich in order to do this.  




 Follistatin 344 does not work, because the compound has to be injected using an adeno-associated virus.  




 Lol sorry I meant that the original question didn't have the 'when' in it. I made a fool of myself here. I edited. 




 Pretty sure he edited, the original question was 'can we use this to get huge?', unless I misread.  




 Full article can be viewed [here](http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/v23/n1/full/mt2014200a.html).

Also, to answer your question, it could be used in the near future (a couple years from now). However, here's the trick: the TGF- superfamily affects all tissues, not just the muscular ones. So, here, they had to create an isoform, a very similar version of Follistatin (FS315 in the article) that has been modified at the genetic level so as to produce a different mRNA sequence that specifically targets the myostatin pathway. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that inhibiting myostatin to the large extent that would most likely be required in order to produce a desired outcome in an athlete or bodybuilder would work or be side effect-free, as this is the first time this has been done in humans.

So the answer is yes, it could potentially be used already, but only if you are vastly rich, can find the qualified researchers to carry out such a costly and advanced procedure, and wish to turn yourself into a human guinea pig. But the potential of abuse by athletes in the near future is in fact so real that the WADA has already added 'gene doping' to its list of banned substances and processes.  




 The first time this has been done in humans as far as I know. Myostatin production was previously successfully inhibited in non-human animals only. 

Also, typo: trial, not trinial 









 As far as I know, this is the first time scientists have managed to successfully inhibit myostatin production in humans. It had previously been done in non-human animals.  









 I hope you're joking. If yes, sorry, it went right over my head.  




 He is also on steroids, he doesn't make it a secret. Maybe I should have mentioned that in the OP.  














 Also, if you think 17k is a lot, [this woman ate 30,000 calories in a single one hour sitting](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2080369/Donna-Simpson-Worlds-heaviest-mother-reveals-long-journey-fat-fetish-videos-healthy-life.html) 









 I feel sorry for your toilet seat.  




 ...in a Mexican jail cell.  




 This is evil lol.  




 Chicken, rice, and veggies mate.  














 Basically, I work as an English teacher at the Elementary level, but I also have a major in Biochemistry and a minor in Human Nutrition, and I try to do activities that will also indirectly teach my students the basics of nutrition, that is, the main food groups, the macro and micro nutrients, and healthy eating patterns in general. For me, it makes sense, as developing healthy life habits must start at a young age, and the kids also seem to enjoy learning about these things, which is a big plus.  But now I'm getting angry email and phone calls from some parents... According to them, I'm 'brainwashing their kids about food', which is causing them to complain that what their parents are putting on their plate is not healthy. These parents are obviously very ignorant about nutrition themselves, and live a sedentary lifestyle and look unhealthy/overweight, but I can't exactly tell them that without getting in trouble with my boss. I'm not sure what to do or how to respond to the angry complaints. Any ideas/advice?  














 Thanks! 




 I realized that I made a few mistakes. There should be an arrow linking amino acids to glutamate, and another arrow linking Ketosis (and not lipogenesis) to Oxaoloacetate.  









 If you know, you can do whatever you want. But knowledge is power. A lot of people ingest these substances regularly even though they're mostly ignorant about what it does to their body, which is disturbing to say the least.  




 Thank you.  




 No, but alcohol is harmful for a handful for a reasons, both for general health and bodybuilding. 

Firstly, alcohol cannot be processed directly by the body, it has to be broken down into a compound called acetaldehyde, which is classified as a carcinogen, meaning that it can damage DNA sequences and cause cancer. And a few people actually get cancer from alcohol consumption every year, mostly middle aged women.

Secondly, it disrupts the tricarboxylid acid cycle, because alcohol dehydrogenase, one of the dehydrogenase enzymes that break down nutrients in said cycle, are also involved in breaking down alcohol into acetaldehyde. Because of this, less nutrients can be turned into energy while your body is breaking down alcohol. And what happens  to nutrients that can't be turned into energy? They get sent back into the bloodstream as lipoproteins, and then stored as fat cells in your tissue. And on top of that, it also lowers blood sugar level significantly, making you hungry even though you don't actually need nutrients, since alcohol isn't broken down into anything remotely useful for your body; this is why nights of binge drinking are usually concluded at Mcdonalds or Burger King. 

Thirdly, it depletes the reserves of micro nutrients (minerals   vitamins) in your body at much faster rate than normally, for various reasons. Many of these micro nutrients are involved in various processes that relate to maintaining tissue maintenance and growth. 

And fourthly - and in my opinion this is the main reason why it's horrible for bodybuilders or athletes it general - it disrupts the synthesis of both testosterone and growth hormone, two hormones that are, needless to say, crucial for maintaining a lean, muscular and strong body.

And the list is actually bigger and more complex than that. This is just a few of the main reasons that I recall being mentioned in my Pharmacology and Metabolic Biochemistry classes. 



 




 Thanks for the schooling.  




 There is a difference between being 5 pounds lighter and having actually lost 5 pounds of subcutaneous fat. The former option is much more likely in your case, unless you somehow lost 5 pounds of fat in a single week while being at a self-reported caloric surplus.  




 Supplements: most of them have never been shown to work by any research and/or are based on a few controversial studies. Legal.

Steroids: benefits have been shown by serious research from various reputed scientific journals over multiple decades. Illegal.

The irony is strong with this one.  




 Wow, very original! I would have never come up with this myself! 




 Whoa! Amazing! Can't imagine all the work that went into this.  




 Useful to know, thanks! 




 Yeah, I was answering to the guy who asked if Clen was a steroid, don't worry.  




 You asked for an alternative. Well, here's multiple ones. :P 




 Come on bro. I'm all for the chicken   veggies diet, but there aren't that few healthy products, especially when your goal is to be at a caloric surplus.

Veggies: Avocados, beans (green, red, black, white, Lima, winged), lentils, sun-dried tomatoes, succotash (Lima   shell beans), soybean sprouts, spinach. 

Seeds: pumpkin seeds, quinoa seeds, hemp seeds

Sources of meat: salmon (high in good fats, including omega-3), tuna, tilapia, scallops, shrimps, lean ground beef, lean ground chicken

Others: natural peanut butter, cottage cheese, Greek yogurt, tofu. 

This is just a few examples that I can think of off the top of my head. There are a few others.  




 I can't remember where I saw that, it might have been in Pumping Iron. At some point Arnold said that when he would go out with the bodybuilders that were competing against him, he would always try and get them to drink more than him so as to gain an edge over them.  




 As long as that single drink doesn't turn into multiple ones, sure.

Serious bodybuilding

Heavy alcohol drinking

Pick one of the two. 

Why do you think Arnold used to make his opponents drink? 

 




 Actually, Clenbuterol is used primarily as a medication for people who have severe asthma in Asian and Eastern European countries. The research on its weight loss properties is controversial at best. It certainly won't work without on point dieting, and I wouldn't use if you are sensitive to stimulants (like caffeine) and/or have a history of heart issues in your family. Sympathomimetic drugs can be dangerous if you don't know what you're doing, and the fact that you're asking if it's a steroid tells me that you indeed don't, so I would say don't use it. :/ 




 Ok, yeah, I was talking out of my ass here, sorry. Neither unit of measure take into accounts nutrients like I was referring to here. But it's still true that kJs are the official measure of unit now.  




 Well, first of all, the term 'calorie' itself is outdated and irrelevant. Nowadays, in nutritional context, the international unit used to refer to the potential energy that humans derive from food through metabolic processes is the joule, which is more accurate. The term 'calorie' is flawed because it implies that all nutrients have the same impact on our metabolism, which is false.  




 It has nothing to do with use of performance enhancing drugs. It has to do with understanding how the various nutrients contained in food products are processed by your body, as well as how these processes are influenced by other factors. 




 You call it 'overcomplicating', I call it not having proper understanding of the biochemical and biomechanical principles behind nutrition and resistance training. You probably think it's overly complicated because you're used to relying on anecdotal evidence, also known as bro science, rather than serious research from reputed scientific journals.   














 No it doesn't. 




 Yeah. After doing a little bit more research and reading, I realize that now. Thanks for the fair warning though! 




 A lot of people seem to say the opposite of what I've heard, that is, that it's actually more addictive than the alternatives, that you get an 'urge' to use more. I think I'll stay away lol.  




 Thanks, I will do my reading! 




 It doesn't have to have fat-burning properties to be a viable cutting drug. For example, Ephedrine doesn't have significant fat burning properties, but it helps you reach your desired caloric intake indirectly by suppressing appetite and giving you more intensity in the gym.  




 I have a few biochem classmates who are big into using this. They say this: 

-It's an amphetamine-like stimulant, similar in structure to MDMA, norephedrine, ephedrine, etc (basically a phenetylamine with a Me group, for the chem folks)

-No fat burning properties

-Less addictive than well known related psychoactive compounds (such as MDMA)

-Very powerful stimulant 

-Some side effects that are dose dependent and vary from one person to another, such as loss of appetite, dilated pupils, increased sweating, increased heart rate

Obviously this is only anecdotal evidence, but I can't find any serious research from a reputable scientific journal either. Nothing on examine.com either. Does anyone have some info/insight into this stimulant drug?  




 Thanks! 




 I do! 




 No one knows for sure what he looked like. No one from our time was around to tell. Just like we can't tell what Jesus of Nazareth was really like. We can only rely on the writings that were left to us.  









 Would love to see what this looks like with the vanilla resource pack.  




 As a CLG fan, I wasn't disappointed because I wasn't expecting them to do anything in the first place. Historically, CLG has always done poorly when it matters most.  









 'Protein' on the label usually refers to the proteinogenic (protein-building) amino-acids, of which the building process is encoded in the body's DNA and mRNA sequences, and which are condensed into peptide chains during protein biosynthesis. 

BCAAs are in fact proteinogenic amino acids, so when it says 24g of proteins, it means 24g of proteins.  














 Wow, really interesting, thank you for sharing this! This is perspective-changing to say the least.  




 Oh sorry, I thought this was about hGH. Forget everything I just said.  




 Research wise, hGH is quite a novel hormone, it seems. There is still much research to be done. I actually asked one of my professors about this, and he said that the synthesis process of hGH during deep sleep is not fully understood yet.  




 A lot of people believe that the 'safe' age to start using steroids is 25, because many endocrinologists believe that the brain does not fully mature until that age.

A lot of people also say that there are two ways of using steroids: you can either use them to reach your limit genetic potential more quickly, in which case you can maintain your physique without sustained use afterwards, assuming that you keep training and eating properly, OR you can use them to go beyond your genetic limit in terms of muscular tissue, in which case you have to pretty much sustain use in order to stay there.

Now I don't know to what extent this is true or whether it's that arbitrary, because my understanding of the relationship between muscle mass, genes and hormones is fairly limited. However, it makes me worry because right now, I'm 21 and by the time I am 25, I will have been training for literally a decade (I have been lifting since I was 15 and dieting seriously since I was 17). I am pretty confident that if I continue to train and diet properly and keep improving my training and dieting method and knowledge, I will be at least pretty close to my genetic limit (if there's even such a thing) by the time I'm 25. My question is basically: assuming that I do reach my genetic potential in 5 years, if I wanna start using steroids by then, will I have to pretty much use them in a sustained manner in order to keep my gains? 

I'm sorry if this post is confusing, I'm hoping that it makes sense.  




 I don't know about me at all, but I think you're acting like an ignorant fool right now.  




 As far as I know, everything except insulin and growth hormone, the latter being very difficult (and costly) to detect on an anti doping test.  




 Yes. It is banned by the World Anti Doping Agency.  




 Clearly you don't really know what you're saying. True enough, there's some degree of variability when it comes to what a substance does to the body from one person to another, but you can still make a reasonable assumption about what it would do to you using scientific knowledge. I can tell that I would lose body fat for sure if I used this compound, because I understand the very basic related biochemical principles. If you have read what I wrote and understand it and still don't believe me, I'm not sure what to say. You could also look it up on the internet, the information is out there and it's well known that DNP is an extremely potent as a weight loss aid. It's simply not used because the mechanism involved can also cause a bunch of potentially dangerous side effects.  




 Here's some great info for you if you're going to use DNP:

[DNP in Bloodstream for 30 days using 36 hour half life](http://i.imgur.com/ReGBdSv.jpg)

[General guide on 2,4-Dinitrophenol 'Hungry on 2,4 Dinitrophenol'](http://pastebin.com/1G2k4Njs)

I can tell you for a fact that DNP works, not because I've tried it myself (in fact, I haven't), but because I've studied the biochemical principles that make it work. Strictly speaking, 2,4-Dinitrophenol is  a proton ionophore, meaning it basically moves freely across the cell membrane, and causes the proton gradient to be released as heat rather than being used in the ATP-making process of the mitochondrion. Normally, ADP is converted into ATP and then back into ADP, but DNP inhibits this process, meaning your body has to use all the stored nutrients just to keep you alive. It has an incredibly significant impact on weight even by research standards. In fact, its mechanism is being actively studied at the moment.  




 Only steroid related, but does anyone have any serious research on Myostatin, Fillostatin, RNAi and muscular tissue in humans? I know it's a fairly new research subject and I haven't been able to find any on various websites, but who knows.  




 No, but conditioning is attainable for all. It's mainly size that separates gifted from average genetically speaking, IMHO.  




 Not hating. Just concerned about what him making it big would mean for bodybuilding as a whole. Even by bodybuilding standards, he is freaking huge. It's scary to think that his season weight could become the bench mark for bodybuilders in the future.  




 Get out.  




 Actually, Blizzard explicitly stated that it was the other way around - that they banned Iranian people from playing their games due to the U.S.-imposed sanctions on Iran. As a non-U.S. citizen, this is bullshit. Online gaming shouldn't be affected by governmental affairs, but I can see why they did it. I just think it's unfair for Iranian players who probably don't even have a political understanding of what caused this.  









 Not sure if legit or not. In all cases, it doesn't seem to be backed up by any scientific research, but it is very detailed.  




 Some men are just crazy...  




 Yes it is, somewhat. But then again, Minecraft in general IS grindy! 














 Yes, but reiterations in science are never a bad thing! 




 Great summary. Also, interesting: the essential amino acid concerned here is leucine. Leucine seems to increase MPS due to its interaction with the enzymes that can bind Guanonine triphosphate (a substrate for RNA synthesis) during MPS. This interaction in turn leads to the translocation of the kinase enzyme mOTRC1 in the cell organelle. That's what the research found anyway.  



















 This goes to show that warfare really is the inevitable fate of humanity. It is in our nature to fight and kill each other, just like it was in our ancestors' nature as well.  









 I hope you step on a Lego block 









 I'd be interested to read your specific study on occlusion training. In some studies that I read, they found that certain ischemic conditions (such as glycolysis happening with a limited supply of oxygen)  lead to an increased production of certain monoamine neurotransmitters, particularly norepinephrine. I wonder if you drew out similar conclusions here.  




 Ok. I do realize that what I wrote might be a little reader-unfriendly, though. But I don't know how to explain it differently.   




 I'm sorry, maybe I should have clarified. Polysaccharides are simply complex carbohydrates. All complex carbohydrates are made up of units of monosaccharide, the simplest form of sugar, bound together by a molecule bond called glycosidic bond. And the rest, well, I'm not sure how I can further clarify. It's already explained in my OP.  




 Some endocrinologists believe that the brain takes 25 years to fully mature. So, until that age, there are definitely more risks involved. But then again,  some people get on the gear in their early twenties and are doing fine. It's not an exact science... 




 I believe him. Don't think he has any reasons to lie about that. If he says he was natty up until 1995, it's probably true.  














 Carb cycling works, but not the way most people think. It works because of the relationship between polysaccharides and leptin, a complex adipose tissue hormone of which the main purpose is to mediate the effects of neurotransmitters known as endocannabinoids in the brain. These neurotransmitters increase appetite and slow down metabolism. In experiments done on rodents, they found that leptin production tends to increase and decrease along with polysaccharide intake in the long run, but not with shorter chains of monosaccharide units, lipids or amino acids. Because of this, carb cycling should consist of high starch, moderate protein, low fat   low sugar 'refeed' days. There's no consensus on how much you should eat during those days as far as I know, but there's some anecdotal evidence that you should eat at caloric maintenance. 

 









 Synthol misuse is the most hilariously ugly thing I've ever seen.  




 An opinion accompanied with arguments that I like to think make sense and are well explained.  




 No, you misunderstood. I am actually studying these things, but in spite of that, not everything I've mentioned here is entirely based on the stuff I've seen in school. It's a mix of what I've learned in school and what I've learned on my own using the knowledge that I've acquired in school, if that makes sense. In other words, it's a mix of what I've learned, what I'll probably learn, and my outlook on the world (which influences how I interpret the pieces of information that I've acquired). In all cases, it's certainly not an actual theory by scientific standards.  




 It's a theory by layman's definition, not in the sense that is used by scientists in a research context, obviously. It's a set of ideas that I've had for a long time and that have grown more sophisticated and interconnected, as I keep thinking about it and as I keep learning about biology, evolution, biochemistry, and other things like that.  




 No, I don't. I keep that to myself, because I don't have enough confidence in my theories to put them out there yet, and also because food is a touchy subject like politics and religions these days. But it's what I think, even though I don't tell anyone at least in real life.  




 Clearly you haven't read 'shit' if that's all you got from reading the OP.

And to answer your edit, I haven't even learned most of this stuff in school. It's just my personal understanding/knowledge/own conclusions based on what I know. But like I said, feel free to prove me wrong and make me look like an idiot if you think everything I've typed here is false.  




 Maybe it's douchey as fuck like you say, but in my opinion it's true. But feel free to discredit every single one of my arguments if you can. I would love to be schooled and go to sleep knowing something that I didn't yesterday. I'm totally serious.  




 I've secretly felt alienated from society for years now, and most of it has to do with nutrition. Most people are utterly ignorant when it comes to nutrition, and I cannot stand ignorance. So I secretly hate everyone.  Of course I don't go around saying that. But deep inside, it's how I feel.  














 Not sure what you mean...  









 There are arrows for me. Are other people not seeing arrows either?  














 Amazing! 




 It feels like they've been rolling through the entire NA LCS with relative ease. Especially when Xiaoweixiao plays seriously and Rush doesn't screw up the early game, it feels like they're on an entirely different level. 




 Serious question. Do you guys think that in the future we will be able to alter the genes responsible for the production of the Growth Differentiation Factor (GDF) proteins for athletic purposes? 

Inhibition of GDF-8 is already known to result in an increase in muscular tissue and a reduction in adipose tissue in a controlled setting, at least in mice and primates. And there are a couple cases of kids being born with a mutated GDF-8 gene and having incredible muscular mass and strength as a result. Seems to me that the idea won't be too far-stretched anymore in a couple years from now.  









 How do I explain to her that this isn't true at all?

I mean, I know why it isn't, but how do I explain it in a way that makes sense from the perspective of a 20 year old female who's fairly new to bodybuilding?

I've shown her various pictures of pro fitness girls, but she still doesn't believe me, she says that 'it's not the same for these girls', that people in her family have 'naturally big shoulders'.  









 Them quads... 




 It would make it possible to automate the trading system. For example, let's say you have a zombie spawner. The rotten flesh gets sorted, then sent into a dispenser that throws it at a cleric villager who trades rotten fresh for emerald. Every time the villager receives X required number of rotten flesh, he makes the trade and throws an emerald in front of him. The emerald gets collected by a hopper, and goes into a chest. Wouldn't that be awesome?  




 Just wanted to share this, because I think it's an absolutely mind-blowingly awesome design! Spruce wood for days! 




 Yeah, probably something I need to try and do. Neat advice, but it's not as simple in practice. Thanks though! 




 Cheers to you too man! That's what my lifestyle has mostly become in the past years, too. Heavy weights, clean food and gaming. Except that I'm currently single, but I'm fine with that too. Just waiting to meet the right person, otherwise it's pointless to me.  




 Most of what I've ever said on reddit is just how I feel 'deep inside', not the discourse that I actually have IRL. That's why people here think I'm some massively weird nut guy whereas in real life I'm just an average gym-obsessed dude. But I agree with what you said. I do feel alienated due to my own perception of my 'dual-lifestyle', but I recognize that that is my fault, not other people's.   




 Thanks man, yeah I'll definitely you guys know. And yes I know and watch Bahjeera. The guy is definitely entertaining and he looks nice too, granted. But I don't think he's really into bodybuilding, he's just into looking nice by having a bit of muscle mass on, which is completely fine too.  




 Yeah, the fitness sub is an example of me miserably failing to not let how I feel get the best of me, I'll give you that. I still believe that most people have bad eating habits due to their own ignorance and flawed outlook on the world, but I understand that it wasn't appropriate to express how I felt in that case. But I did it anyway. What's done is done, there's nothing I can do to change that...  




 True. My point was just that sometimes I feel alienated, like I don't belong to either group. Don't know if that makes sense. I don't always feel like that anyway.  




 There's a big difference between feeling and thinking. I often do feel superior, yes, but I see that feeling as a personality flaw and I understand that it is not rational or appropriate, and I don't let it dictate my behavior and I don't actually believe that I'm superior to anyone either (most of the time anyway).  




 Well, not right now. I used to work for my university, I was working with and conducting research on kids who have communication disorders. But the program has run out of funding, so now I'm out of job. I'm looking to start up a Youtube channel as well as a live stream and make online gaming my job, pretty much. I don't know if it'll work out, but that's my goal for the next 4 months.  




 Yeah, you're probably right. I'm studying in Education, so I've had many Psychology classes and have done a lot of research on Human Behavior, and based on both that and my general culture, I think it's no coincidence... In the gym, I've always wanted to be the biggest and leanest, and when playing online games, I've always wanted to be the best, the most skilled, the most advanced. For me both have always felt like addiction, or like obsessions. And I don't know if it's gonna change. But is it really an issue? As long as you're happy with something, I don't think it ever is.  




 Most of my friends who are big into bodybuilding are somewhat stereotypical 'fitness girls', and the only video games that they know are the Wii fit game and Call of Duty, and they don't even play them... They don't even know of computer games like League of Legends and WoW. 

On the other hand, my gamer friends are somewhat unhealthy, eat whatever whenever and don't exercise. 

I find it difficult to feel like I belong to either group of people, because I enjoy both - I aspire to become a bodybuilder, lift 5 days a week and count all my calories, but I also consider myself a hardcore gamer - I've been playing online games competitively since I was a kid and sometimes I play 6-7 hours a day or more. When I'm not lifting or making food, I'm pretty much always gaming. 

Is it like that for everyone or am I just unlucky in my life?  




 But I am a guy and I care about my glutes. My last routine even had a glute day.  




 It depends. If you do push/pull/legs, you can have one day of each and train 3-4 times a week. You can also divide it up, and train 6 days a week with 2 days for each. I find that it's mostly a matter of preference and finding what works for your body.  




 Serious question. When I was 18 reality hit me hard when I became aware of my own ignorance. But then I also realized that I genuinely loved bodybuilding, that it had never really been about impressing the other gender anyway. It was like an epiphany (serious).  




 Whoa. This is very interesting. I had no idea such a disorder existed. Thanks for sharing this. Kinda frightening too.  














 Alcohol cannot be digested directly by the body, so instead it is broken down into acetaldehyde, which can damage DNA and therefore cause cancer - this is what carcinogens do, and a few people per year actually get cancer due to alcohol consumption. 

Alcohol also does a handful of other harmful things to the body. First, it disrupts the body's main metabolic pathway, the tricarboxylic acid cycle. Normally, proteins, carbohydrates and fats are transformed into energy with the help of co-enzymes. However, one  co-enzyme in particular, known as alcohol dehydrogenase, is also responsible for breaking down alcohol into acetaldehyde. Because alcohol is prioritized by the body (as it is seen as harmful), this co-enzyme cannot do its usual job of breaking down nutrients for energy, therefore slowing down metabolism. This actually increases stored fat, since the nutrients that cannot be used for metabolism are sent into the bloodstream and then stored as fat cells in the body. 

What is even worse is that, since alcohol is broken down, your blood sugar level is lowered and you become hungry, despite not being in any need of nutrients since none have been used. This is why nights out drinking usually end up at Mcdonalds, and just create an even greater increase in stored fat.

Alcohol also depletes the body's reserves of vitamins and minerals and reduces the production of various hormones in the body that are associated with well-being, such as testosterone and growth hormone. It is incredibly harmful to the body.  




 You could have just said that it resulted in his death.  














 I don't live in the U.S.  




 Taste is irrelevant to me in this case. I just want to know which one is superior from a nutritional POV.  









 I would love to see it and get inspired as a result. Please do.  




 No I wouldn't mind at all, it's no problem. Have fun with it, and if possible, improve it and personalize it. I can think of at least a hundred ways to make this look even better. I just don't have the time or inspiration at the moment.  




 Thanks! :) 




 The shit people do...  
























 Environmental factors cause an accumulation of reactive molecules known as Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS), thus causing damage to the body's cellular structures. Antioxidants mediate the effects of ROS. Soybean flour increases the production of antioxidants.  




 Thanks! This will be useful for a few people.  




 Here's the full article in PDF
http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=10.1016/j.mce.2015.03.024

This is from someone on /r/AdvancedFitness

I personally have access to the article through other means.  




 Summary of the findings:

- Baseline casein versus baseline soy: increased superoxide dismutase 1, catalase and glutathione reductase activities, 

- Baseline casein versus baseline soy: increased total glutathione and reduced glutathione content, and decreased oxidized glutathione content 

- All the results were more significant from baseline in the normocaloric diet group

- In conclusion, soybean flour mediates Reactive Oxygen Species-induced intracellular damage in nucleic acids, lipids, proteins and hydrocarbons  




 I don't think OP realizes the immense complexity of the question (s)he is asking. Whether senescence can actually be reserved or slowed down via changes in gene expression patterns is the subject of ongoing research. Even a biomedical gerontologist wouldn't be able to fully answer.  




 Well, at the very least, it suggests that not all amino acids are equal, which I'm pretty sure is an already well established fact.  














 Nope, not at all, but whatever happened in the past is irrelevant - the games they're playing right now represent the peak of their teamfighting ability in its current state, it'd just easy to see how they're on a whole other level. Their abilities to initiate, to coordinate both initiating abilities and in general, and their positioning are all on point.  









 This is one of the best play I have ever seen in 6 years. Perhaps on the same level as Faker's Zed play. There are no words to describe how insane that was.  




 No, you need to be at a caloric surplus in order to increase muscular mass, unless you're using an anabolic steroid of course.  




 Mere anecdotal evidence, and irrelevant to the subject at hand.  




 Quote from someone on /r/science:

'Having said all that, what you said is most likely correct - dairy protein is likely more beneficial for muscle growth compared to meat. The main reason is that digesting meat takes time and rapid increases in amino acids seem to be better at maximising muscle growth and protein synthesis rates both at rest and following exercise.
A couple of papers to support what I said, minced beef is more rapidly digested than steak (increased surface area for stomach enzymes to breakdown when it's minced). Protein retention is increased but not protein synthesis at 6 hrs

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23636241

Whey hydroslate, which is more rapidly absorbed than casein, increases protein synthesis to a greater degree and max protein synthesis occurs within 90mins of ingestion

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19589961

I don't know of a direct dairy vs meat comparison in muscle (there most likely is one) but most of the data suggest a rapid increases in amino acids results in greater mTOR activation and thus protein synthesis and potentially muscle mass. Dairy would likely be the better option due to it being digested more rapidly.' 




 Thanks for your input! Very well said.  




 Not specified, but all studies discussed obviously found a significant increase from baseline relatively to CTL group.  




 Fair enough. I agree that the title I chose is too opportunistic. I apologize.  




 Yes, but Ilgf-1 is known to regulate muscle growth via the Ilgf-1-protein kinase B pathway, so IMO it's not too far-stretched to infer that these findings are related to muscle growth.  




 No, but it discusses previous studies that did:

Heaney, R.P., Dowell, M.S., Rafferty, K., Bierman, J., 2000. Bioavailability of the calcium in fortified soy imitation milk, with some observations on method. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 71, 11661169.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Insogna, K.L., 1998. Dietary protein affects intestinal calcium absorption. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 68, 859865.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Insogna, K.L., 2003. Low protein intake: the impact on calcium and bone homeostasis in humans. J. Nutr. 133, 855S861S.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Caseria, D.M.,Wall, D.E., Insogna, K.L., 2005. The impact of dietary protein on calcium absorption and kinetic measures of bone turnover in women. J. Clin. Endocrinol. Metab. 90, 2631.

Kerstetter, J.E., Wall, D.E., OBrien, K.O., Caseria, D.M., Insogna, K.L., 2006. Meat and soy protein affect calcium homeostasis in healthywomen. J. Nutr. 136, 18901895.

Lee, Y.S., Noguchi, T., Naito, H., 1980. Phosphopeptides and soluble calcium in the small intestine of rats given a casein diet. Br. J. Nutr. 43, 457467.

 




 It looks at 5 sources of dietary protein: Animal   Vegetable, Casein Phosphopeptide, Dairy, Meat and Animal.  




 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts


Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of [Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2)], while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'
 









 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts


Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of [Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2)], while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'
 









 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts



Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2), while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'

 














 Not from Australia, but if you are in an industrialized country, the best method to get AAS is through your doctor, whether legally or not, because then you are assured it will be human grade.

Otherwise, many companies ship internationally, but the question is: will it get through the customs? I am in Canada, and sometimes, even my research chemicals that were for pharmaceutical purposes in non-human subjects were refused. When I was in a non-aligned country this wasn't a problem.   









 People are ignorant. I wouldn't listen to what anyone tells you unless you know for sure that they know what they're saying.  




 The 'weird generic medical cough drop type taste' as you describe it could have different causes. It could simply be that a small quantity of Trenbolone got into a lymph vessel upon injection. 

Or it could be due to the fact that Tren causes a significant rise in prostaglandins, lipid compounds that act like hormones in mammals. Prostaglandins are synthesized by two enzymes, one of which is known as prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase, and which is responsible for constriction of vascular smooth muscle tissue amongst other things. This is what generally causes what people colloquially refer to as the 'tren cough'.

In research subjects that I've observed, this was more likely to happen when the compound was not of pharmaceutical grade, and when a Benzyl benzoate ester was used. This is only anecdotal evidence, however.  




 Those indigenous people they refer to are, in fact, modern humans.  




 They have no reason to go out of their way to go into detail about something that is common knowledge for most people who will read their paper.  









 No. It is a well established fact that humans can rely entirely on dietary fats to produce ATP.  




 Simply put, a 2mg/kg injection of Testosterone has cardio-protective effects in Testosterone-deprived subjects.  



















 Probably mostly China.  




 I think being old and a bodybuilder is awesome, because no one looks down on old people for using steroids and growth hormone. It's seen as anti-aging measures and most people by that age have lost all their hair if they were genetically predisposed to and don't have sex anymore so having shrinked balls is no biggie.  














 Thank you for your time. Clearly you have more insight into this article at looked at it more into depth than I did. Nothing to disagree with. Thank you again! 




 There is no difference between egg- and whey-based protein in respect to anabolic response, insulin sensitivity, fat breakdown and satiety response.  




 This study is about proteins, not monosaccharide and disaccharide sugars. Not sure what your point is.  




 This study is really interesting to me for two reasons:

-Based on previous findings, the researchers had predicted that whey protein would be better at facilitating an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat, but this wasn't the case;

-Also based on previous findings, they had predicted that both types would cause a similar increase in satiety-related hypothalamic markers, and they were both correct and wrong: correct because there was a similar increase in both types, but wrong because neither was significant (as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6)), suggesting that protein in general is not effective at initiating a satiety response. 














 In short, the research on Lactate-Caffeine has found that it:

-Increases myoblast cell hypertrophy, prevents muscular denervation atrophy, and might also improve bone, liver and brain health via activation of calcineurin-NFAT signalling (1);

-Promotes muscular protein biosynthesis and adipose tissue breakdown by increasing myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin (2).

**References**

1. Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy. Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy. Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6. 




 In short, the research on Lactate-Caffeine has found that it:

-Increases myoblast cell hypertrophy, prevents muscular denervation atrophy, and might also improve bone, liver and brain health via activation of calcineurin-NFAT signalling (1);

-Promotes muscular protein biosynthesis and adipose tissue breakdown by increasing myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin (2)

**References**

1. Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy. Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy. Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6.
 









 The doses were quite high relatively to human bodyweight equivalency. They used 1,000mg/kg lactate and 36mg/kg caffeine.  I'm not too sure what 75g of lactate would do to the body, besides boosting muscular hypertrophy. But an excellent source of lactate is baking soda. Examine.com has about 40 studies which show that baking soda increases lactate production.  




 Of course the term 'healthy' makes sense when used by medical professionals who know what they are talking about. I just think it creates unnecessary confusion and fosters ignorance amongst laypeople, that's all.  




 I don't think you understand what I'm saying at all. It is believed that eating behaviors are influenced by two neural pathways: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathways. The homeostatic pathway is basically what says 'you need to eat or else you will die', whereas the hedonic pathway is what says 'I really want to eat this bag of chips in this very moment', a phenomenon colloquially referred to as food cravings. It is also believed that metabolically abnormal people (such as the overweight   obese) are literally either less capable or completely incapable, physiologically speaking, of controlling these 'cravings', partly due to genetic factors that influence the relationship between these pathways and appetite- and hunger-related hormones that regulate them.  




 With all due respect, I disagree. I think that we need to ditch this overly vague entirely term and use appropriate, more specific denominations instead. For example, you can say 'low GL foods provide a more consistent supply of energy', or 'micro nutrients are necessary for the functioning of vital processes'. 'Healthy' implies that certain foods or food combinations, due to their nutrient breakdown, are superior, which is utterly false, as no nutrient is harmful to the body on its own. Furthermore, current understanding of biochemical principles merely states that you need amino acids, micro nutrients, some fat, and a supply of either carbohydrates or fats in order to produce Adenonine triphosphate through the tricarboxylic acid cycle. It also states that a positive energy balance will lead to an increase in adipose tissue storage and other metabolic abnormalities, and that some nutrients (such as sodium), when consumed in large quantities over extended periods of time, might be harmful. But that's it. Everything else stretches beyond this current understand, and using the word 'healthy' tends to do just that, in my opinion.  




 That's literally exactly what I said.  




 No. The core issue runs deeper than that. What we need is to teach people the basic biochemical principles behind nutrition, such as the energy balance one. Also, more importantly, we need to get rid of this entire culture of 'eating being an enjoyable activity' or a 'reward', and we need to teach people that it is something that we should do primarily for basic survival purposes. If you add to that ridiculous cultural ideal the genetic predispositions in hormone production patterns and reward pathway signalling, you get people who become physiologically incapable of making the difference between eating because they need to and eating because they 'feel like it'. Yes, foods are supposed to be rewarding to eat for evolutionary reasons, but not to the point where it makes people overweight, and I believe this is essentially our modern society's fault, as it is consistently over-emphasizing the very behavior of eating as 'nice and rewarding' for economical purposes.  




 There is no such thing as eating 'healthy'. I hate this term because it is very vague, and people have their own understanding of what it means to 'eat healthy', and that understanding tends to be extremely flawed. In in vitro experiments, ending the day with an even or negative energy balance far outweighs all other factors for general health in the long run, including macro and nutrient choices. Furthermore, like I've said elsewhere in this thread, there is little evidence that different nutrients will initiate a significantly different satiety response. 

Of course nutrient choices have an impact. For example, eating foods with a low Glycemic Load equips the body with a more consistent, longer-term supply of energy, and it is essential to eat a certain amount of proteins, fats and micro nutrients, for the proper functioning of physiological processes that relate to basic bodily functions, such as tissue maintenance and growth. 

But nutrient choices aren't what causes obesity. People not knowing how many calories they're actually eating, and not making the difference between eating to maintain body homeostatis and eating to reward themselves or as a conditioned response to environmental factors (such as stress, boredom, anxiety, etc.) is much, much more likely to be the cause of obesity.  




 Exercising does not make you lose weight. Eating less calories than your body needs makes you lose weight. Exercising makes it easier to end the day with a negative caloric balance, for obvious reasons, but if despite exercising you still end the day with a positive balance, then that exercising will not make you lose weight, it's as simple as that. 

This article is very ignorant if you ask me. There isn't a great deal evidence that any nutrient, or  that any type of monosaccharide sugar in particular, has an impact on the satiety response, although there is some evidence that certain sugars (such as fructose) might affect the brain's hedonic pathway in particular ways that contribute to overeating.

The most recent research is pointing towards genetic differences amongst individuals in the complex relationship between the homeostatic and non-homeostatic (hedonic) neural pathways, various hormones (leptin, grehlin, PYY, etc.) and environmental factors (such as stress and anxiety) as one of the underlying causes of metabolic abnormalities such as obesity and dysglycemia.

There is also some evidence that gut microbiota plays a role in overeating through the gut-brain neural axis. But to say that you should just eat 'less sugar and carbs' is very ignorant. It's way, way more complicated than that. Most people don't even how many calories they're eating. 

 




 According to [Examine.com](http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/), 'supplemental dosages of sodium bicarbonate are in the 200-300 mg/kg range when used before exercise. Although 500 mg/kg is slightly more effective, it tends to be associated with a higher degree of intestinal side effects if taken all at once.'

Also, there is a total of 37 studies which have found that consumption of baking soda increases lactate production. You can also find these on Examine.com. 




 This study is really interesting to me for two reasons:

-Based on previous findings, the researchers had predicted that whey protein would be better at facilitating an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat, but this wasn't the case;

-Also based on previous findings, they had predicted that both types would cause a similar increase in satiety-related hypothalamic markers, and they were both correct and wrong: correct because there was a similar increase in both types, but wrong because neither was significant (as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6)), suggesting that protein in general is not effective at initiating a satiety response beyond the regular calorie consumption response threshold.

If these findings can be replicated, it would be a huge blow to supplement companies, which like to claim that whey protein is overall superior to that from regular food and that it 'fills you up', the latter which clearly couldn't be farther from the truth. 

Seems like it's time to move away from whey protein supplementation.  









 Nice! Solid work man! Don't stop! Even greater gains await!  




 Because not lifting makes you average, and I'd hate that.  




 I would recommend baking soda. It increases the production of lactate as shown in various studies. Something like 500mg/kg of bodyweight per day in 3 doses with a cup of coffee each (not verified).  




 She probably had Nandrolone or Testosterone prescribed to her in small doses. Recent studies show that androgenic hormones help protect against paralysis-induced muscular atrophy.  




 No, but in my humble opinion, something that could be used, until a Lactate-Caffeine solution is available on the market, is baking soda. Studies show that baking soda increases the production of lactate. Something like 15g of baking soda with a regular size cup of coffee three times a day (not verified).  




 Send me a PM to read the full paper.  




 The conclusion summarizes the findings fairly well:

In conclusion, we found for the first time that treatment with LC compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals in C2C12 cells. Furthermore, low-intensity exercise with LC compound increases muscle mass, satellite cell activity, and anabolic signals. These results suggest that administration of LC compound could effectively increase muscle mass concomitant with elevated myonuclei, even with low-intensity exercise, by means of activated satellite cells and anabolic signals in skeletal muscle. Therefore, the study of LC compound should provide insight into the development of strategies against muscle wasting and loss of function associated with a wide range of neuromuscular diseases such as sarcopenia. 









 Sadly, there is no LC compound available on the market yet.  




 In one particular study, it was found that anabolic steroids such as Testosterone and 19-nortestosterone increase Calcineurin-NFAT signalling, the process by which the protein phosphatase Calcineurin removes the phosphate group from the DNA-binding protein Nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NFAT) via hydrolysis, leading to an increase in myoblast cell hypertrophy and a reduction in muscular denervation atrophy, the process by which muscle fibers become shrinked when the nerve to the muscle is severed (1).

In another study, it was found that a lactate-caffeine compound activates 'intracellular calcium signals', which, in turn, also activates calcineurin signalling. It also increases the production of Myogenic factor 4 and Follistatin, and, concurrently, reduces the production of Growth Differentiation Factor 8, also known as Myostatin, and which is known for limiting protein biosynthesis in mammals (2). 

So, in other words, increasing lactate-caffeine supplementation leads to an increase in muscular hypertrophy via an increase in Calcineurin-NFAT signalling and in the production of various proteins.  

**References**

1. *Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy.* Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. *Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy.* Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6.

 









 I have the full text available, PM me for access.  









 Well, to put it in more specific terms, my understanding is there are two neural pathways that are influenced by various hormones (ghrelin, leptin, PYY, etc) as well as by environmental factors: the homeostatic and the hedonic (or non-homeostatic) pathways. The homeostatic pathway is what tells you 'eat or you will die', it maintains, just as it says, homeostasis in the body. On the other hand, the hedonic pathway is what tells you 'I really want to eat this cake right now', it dictates what people colloquially refer to as 'food cravings'. I think it's possible, like I said, that genetic variations in individuals and which relate to these pathways and environmental factors could be the real underlying cause of obesity.  




 Thank you, this is some serious inspiration. Every time I think of having a cheat meal, of skipping a workout, of skipping an hour of sleep to do something else... I think of these people and it drives me to not fall to temptation. I was born healthy and with a problem-less life, and I know this makes me one of the lucky ones, and I know that I have no right to complain or not follow what I know to be the best course of action, when there are people like this girl who are giving it their very best.  




 I've read some research on how the gut bacteria can hijack the gut-brain pathway and affect nutrient choices, but I'd be careful with sweeping generalizations. This is complex.  




 Well, again, it's a complex subject that I don't fully understand. But by 'actually having to eat', I mean, in layman's terms, knowing that you have to eat a certain number of calories throughout your day in order to reach your target caloric intake (which I believe has to do with the body's homeostatic pathway). And 'being hungry' refers to the complex relationship between the body's reward systems (such as the hedonic pathway), and various hormones, specifically ghrelin and leptin. My basic assumption is that different nutrients affect all these things differently, which in turn affects, again in layman's terms, whether people feel the need to ingest certain foods or not.  




 Yes of course, sugar is not actually toxic. But my basic reasoning is that sugar as found in fruits and vegetables is satiating and promotes not being on a caloric surplus and general health because it's rich in dietary fibers, rich in micro nutrients and not very caloric. On the other hand, sugar as found in processed sugar foods promotes being on a caloric surplus because it's either low in or devoid of dietary fibers and also packed with fats, which, although not inherently bad of course, are very caloric by nature. They're also either low in or devoid of micro nutrients as well. Sure, caloric intake is what mostly matters, but what I've noticed from working with obese people trying to lose weight is that when they eat a lot of sugar rich products, they have more difficulty controlling their hunger and, since most people don't count calories and don't understand the difference between being hungry and having to eat (otherwise they wouldn't suffer from obesity in the first place), it causes them to end up being at a caloric surplus more often. Does that make sense?   




 To be honest, I haven't looked into the why's of what makes his theories wrong so I won't elaborate on that. But don't you agree though? That sugar in its highly processed form as found in soft drinks, candy bars, etc., is part of the reason why there has been such a huge increase in metabolic diseases? It's always been my assumption but I'm just a first year Biochem student so I don't want to pretend like my understand of the subject is advanced enough to come to such conclusions.  




 Care to elaborate on why 'Lustig is full of shit'? A lot of people say that, but I've never understood why. His argument that people come to a point where they are incapable of making the difference between being hungry and actually needing to eat due to hormone imbalances caused by diet is a pretty sound one, IMO. He basically says that people's diet is making them eat more than they need.  




 Ok, I take back what I said. Most fruits and vegetables are not very energy dense, mainly because they're rich in dietary fibers. However, in nature, fruits and vegetables are still where sugar is mostly found; these, with a few exceptions, have a low to intermediate  impact on blood sugar level, are not very caloric, and are packed with micro nutrients. My theory is that one of the reasons why humans evolved to like sugar so much is because sugar foods were ancestrally associated with things that humans want to eat in order to survive, such as fruits and vegetables as aforementioned. But when you remove the fibers, remove the micro nutrients, combine the sugar with high amounts of dietary fat, and modify the glucose/fructose ratio in favor of the latter to make it more addictive ([as fructose stimulates the dopamine pathways more so than other monosaccharide sugars do](http://www.nutrition.org.uk/attachments/639_Sucrose%20and%20fructose%20-%20Is%20sugar%20really%20like%20cocaine_Prof%20Macdonald.pdf)), it becomes something entirely different. 

Also, more evidence that fructose is more harmful than other monosaccharides [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20800122), [here](http://advances.nutrition.org/content/4/2/236.full.pdf+html) and [here](https://books.google.ca/books?id=mfy6BAAAQBAJ pg=PA350 lpg=PA350 dq=fructose+hedonic+pathway source=bl ots=1-LhyFIxjl sig=yLJayvVRHHA-9XkGbvRe8nZ5JLA hl=en sa=X ei=G0I3VdbpIKTIsATk5oDQAQ ved=0CEoQ6AEwBQ#v=onepage q=fructose%20hedonic%20pathway f=false).


 









 Thanks for the amazing schooling sir, this was really informative! 




 Maybe, maybe not. Would more people kill themselves from DNP overuse like this girl if DNP was legal? I don't know, this is a complex question to answer.  




 Actually, alcohol is different. Alcohol is poisonous altogether, even in small doses. To alter my own mind, I would much rather ingest THC or psilocybin, or even inject myself with some phenethylamine compound, than use a carcinogen that disrupts the synthesis of tissue-building hormones and increases fat storage by slowing down metabolism.  




 This is anything but surprising. Previous research has found that fructose triggers the brain's hedonic pathway but not its satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists colloquially refer to as the 'sugar-craving cycle'. This is why fructose rich food products (soft drinks, candy, ice cream, chocolate bars, etc.) sell so well. 

From an evolutionary perspective, sugar-rich foods used to be scarcely found in nature and associated with a high degree of energy density (for example, in fruits), and therefore our ancestors evolved to find them extremely rewarding to eat. But what happens  when foods that are extremely rewarding to eat are no longer scarce and energy dense? The result is obesity, dysglycemia   other metabolic diseases. 

This is essentially an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment and the industrialization of society, and it has turned the food market into the business of slowly killing people.  














 Never go full retard... The side effect of DNP overuse is: an acute risk of death. This is a well established fact by now. However, when used intelligently, is it as dangerous as the media is going to claim with this case? Hell no. But a lot of society is incredibly ignorant and for that reason alone DNP should remain out of reach.  




 This has already been posted both here and on the AdvancedFitness subreddit, actually.

Overall I would say it's nothing new. You will grow similarly in the short run no matter the weight/number of reps, but in the long run, a heavier load will allow for better linear progression when it comes to weight lifting. However, lifting too heavy also has its downsides, and it's why the 8-12 rep range is probably the best one... It allows you to go heavy enough to see a good progression, but not so heavy that your injury risk is significantly higher than if you were using much lighter loads. 

In all cases, thank you for posting this still - reiteration of already well established observations in science is never a bad thing.  




 If there's one thing you sure as hell don't want to get bigger, it's your heart. Heart hypertrophy is deadly.  




 If I remember correctly, none of the rats actually died during the experiment. But their heart muscle grew insanely large and they probably died shortly afterwards.  




 It was found to have long-term toxic effects on the heart of rats at really high doses. The rats were fed multiple grams. In comparison, illicit use is rarely reported to be higher than 170 micro grams in humans.  




 To summarize the article: they looked at three mRNA encoding genes: Krppel-like zinc finger transcription factor 5 (KLF-5), zinc finger protein 423 (ZFP423) and Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG). KLF-5 and ZFP423 are involved in adipogenesis, the process by which cell differentiation causes preadipocytes to become mature adipocytes. PPARG is involved in fatty acid synthesis, the process by which acetyl coA is converted to fatty acids. Expression rate of KLF-5 and ZFP423 was lower in clenbuterol-injected group than in control group. Expression rate of PPARG was lower in abdominal fat tissue.  




 To summarize the article: they looked at three mRNA encoding genes: Krppel-like zinc finger transcription factor 5 (KLF-5), zinc finger protein 423 (ZFP423) and Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG). KLF-5 and ZFP423 are involved in adipogenesis, the process by which cell differentiation causes preadipocytes to become mature adipocytes. PPARG is involved in fatty acid synthesis, the process by which acetyl coA is converted to fatty acids. Expression rate of KLF-5 and ZFP423 was lower in clenbuterol-injected group than in control group. Expression rate of PPARG was lower in abdominal fat tissue of clenbuterol-injected group than in that of control group. 

So, in other words, you are correct, but be careful of oversimplifications. Saying that it merely disrupts the metabolic process for storing fat is pretty vague.  
























 I'm pretty sure Fnatic will get shit on. We will see though.  




 I have confidence that Hai can get his shit together and improve as a player. This is Cloud9 we're talking about after all.  









 Some people are saying that it can last up to 36 hours. Not sure to what extent this is true, but this is freaking long lasting for a stimulant.  




 Whoa, lots of great info. Not sure how I missed that. In all cases, thank you! 




 Anyone has info/experience on this drug? I have access to a supply of it, but would like to gather some information on it beforehand. Google has been failing me here, I have a lot of research material on it, but no anecdotal evidence/experience reports from users.  




 Burden of proof is on you. No where in your link is there any evidence that explicitly states the emphasis/importance of breast size.  




 Do you have evidence that breast size is actually a judging criterion? Or is this just your assumption?  




 All such comps are, in theory at least, subject to the same criteria as most other fitness/bodybuilding competitions - conditioning, symmetry, posing routine, etc.  









 It refers to Site Enhancement Oils - colloquially known as Synthol.  




 Thanks for the constructive criticism! Much appreciated! Replacing the bedrock would also make it survival friendly, I just realized that too. :P  




 I do not blame them for lying. A lot of society is ignorant and not ready for the truth about physical appearance. Achieving an amazing body is extremely hard, and is done with a combination of hard work and the use of various drugs and other body enhancement methods. Anyone who believes otherwise is part of the masses that are being lied to on the daily.  




 Well, my understanding is that, for a lot of girls, having breasts of at least a certain size is important for self esteem and finding oneself attractive. And for most girls it's impossible to maintain that certain size and get down to the required low body fat percentage at the same time. That's why a lot of girls who compete in bikini fitness end up getting breast implants. 




 So what? Are you implying that getting breast implants is a bad thing? It's pretty much the same thing as male bodybuilders using SEOs in the off season or Formebolone during comp prep - when done correctly, it does look nice.  









 Thanks! 




 Amazing! Where can I get one?  









 Before English was the language of business, it was French (when Europe dominated the world, pre-WW2), and before that, it was Latin. So, from this perspective, the three most important languages in recent world history are English, French and Latin.  



















 Inhibiting production of serotonin in the digestive system causes the activation of a protein in the adipose tissue cells that dissipates the energy produced as heat.  




 Whoa. 














 Possibly, but from what I've read the side effects on internal organs can take quite a few years to manifest themselves.  




 He was made for this, literally.  




 Mirin'  




 Do you have pics of his legs as well?  




 It's the interaction between hGH, IGF-1 and Insulin that does that, most likely. Not hGH alone.  




 Holy crap. Ronnie Coleman before he hopped onto the hGH-IGF-1 bandwagon. The best there might ever be. Unbelievable.  




 Long story short, high GL foods should only be consumed post-workout due to the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect. Outside of that, high GL foods should be avoided, especially if you're trying to cut down on body fat.  




 A lot of people who use DNP forget the importance of eating carbohydrates to maximize the effect of that compound. In order for the citric acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway) to take place, you need glucose. Glucose is broken down into pyruvate, which will not only start the chain reaction that leads to the cycle itself, but will also allow fatty acids to be processed as energy more effectively; carboxylate is removed from pyruvate to form acetyl co-enzyme A, to which the 2-carbon molecule oxaoloacetate is added to form citric acid. However, fats (in the form of acetate) need to bind ocaoloacetate,  which comes from pyruvate as well. This is because it's also acetyl coA that is converted through fatty acids, which are then synthesized through ketosis to form acetyl coA, and to which oxaoloacetate is then binded to form citric acid. What does this mean? When using DNP, glucose is used at a incredibly higher than usual rate. This is because the proton gradient, that results from the electron transport chain caused by the oxidations of the citric acid cycle, is dissipated as heat instead of being used as energy. Therefore, your body will constantly try to produce more energy to make up for that. And how is energy produced? With pyruvate, like I said earlier. I know this is a bit complicated, but the takeaway is: increase your carbohydrate intake. If I was using DNP, I would probably increase my carb intake to 60% of caloric intake. I don't think you can easily eat too much carbs when taking DNP.  




 Layne Norton says that refeed days should happen every day 6-12 days, and increasingly more often the longer you've been cutting. He also says that refeed days should either be at maintenance caloric intake or slightly above. But it's not based on any research, just his personal opinion, as far as I know. I haven't found any research. All I know is that when you go above caloric maintenance, fats and carbs do not get along anymore (due to the impact of insulin on fat storage), so you gotta be even more careful about your macro nutrient breakdown.  




 A lot of people say that having cheat meals, or cheat days, or 'taking a break from dieting', is actually a good thing. No one can disagree on the obvious psychological relief it provides to people who see the diet necessary to achieve their goal body as painfully strict. But beyond that, a lot of people seem to believe that it's also actually good physiologically speaking, that it 'allows your body to 'reset' and become more effective at burning fat afterwards' or other discourses of the kind. **My goal with this post is to shatter those beliefs into pieces, and show you that, in an ideal world, you should indeed be on what many people call a 'strict diet' all year long.**

First, I believe those beliefs on cheat meals/days to have originated from the research on leptin, a complex and not-yet-fully-understood adipose tissue hormone that regulates appetite and metabolic efficiency (1)(2)(3). It mainly does so due to its interactions with the endocannabinoids, Tetrahydrocannabinol-like neurotransmitters that are naturally occurring in the brain and of which one of the main roles is to to increase appetite and slow down metabolism (4). Simply put, leptin counters the effects of these neurotransmitters, thus leading to a reduction in appetite and an increase in metabolic efficiency (5). But that's not all. Leptin has an antagonistic relationship with another hormone, ghrelin, of which the main goal is to stimulate appetite; the less you eat, the lower your production of leptin is, and, inversely, the higher your production of ghrelin is (6). Also, leptin has been shown to regulate the production of certain uncoupling proteins in fat cells, the role of these uncoupling proteins being to regulate body weight through thermogenesis (7)(8). In fact, in other studies, a significant correlation between activation of the uncoupling proteins in adipose tissue and weight loss was found, showing that uncoupling protein-induced thermogenesis does indeed play a role in regulating body weight (9). 

Now, what does this have to do with cheat meals? Well, a lot of the original research on leptin came to three conclusions:

1) Morbidly obese people have reduced leptin sensivity

2) Leptin production seems to decrease and increase along with caloric intake

3) Leptin production affects metabolism and appetite

The two latter conclusions were, as usual, widely misunderstood by fitness enthusiasts, and, for the following decades, people would have a discourse along the lines of 'cheating is actually important because it refreshes leptin production' as a result. 

To make it clear, the research found no such thing. What the research found is that, complex carbohydrates (starches, or low Glycemic Load carbohydrate foods), and, to a lesser extent, proteins as well, affect leptin production, but fats and sugars **do not** (10)(11)(12)(13). 

In light of this evidence, cheat days, of which the purpose is to refresh leptin production, or, as they're sometimes called, 'refeed days', should be **high complex carbohydrate, moderate protein, low fat and low sugar days.** Fat intake should be limited to healthy fats, such as omega-3, and high Glycemic Load foods should never be consumed besides after your workout, to take full advantage of the post-exercise insulin sensivity effect. In other words, it should be something like 50% complex carbohydrates, 35% proteins, 10% fats and 5% sugar. And guess what? This is what your diet should look like all year round, except with maybe slightly less carbohydrates, and slightly more proteins and fats. 

People need to understand... there is no such thing as a 'strict diet'. What you call a 'strict diet' is what your diet should be almost all of the time. From an evolutionary perspective, the human brain was not conceived to have access to an unlimited supply of foods that are rich in sugar and sodium. In the time of our ancestors, such foods were usually scarce and associated with a high level of energy density, and therefore they had to be extremely rewarding to eat. But what happens when foods that are extremely rewarding to eat are no longer scarce and energy dense? Well, you get the society of today. You get fat people who think it's okay to be fat out of ignorance, who reward themselves on the daily with 'fast foods' and sugar rich products, not realizing the fate to which they're condemning themselves... You get a society that is getting increasingly life-threateningly obese. 

The goal of this post was to prove that, beyond the 'psychological relief effect' caused by an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment and modern socio-economic changes, there is no reason to have 'cheat meals/days', and I think that, in this regard, it did its job. 

**References**

1. http://www.pnas.org/content/94/9/4242.full?ijkey=5c2c5772d740862e07e613dff21bcbacb97d1e8d keytype2=tf_ipsecsha

2. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7984236?dopt=Abstract

3. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v385/n6612/abs/385119a0.html

4. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16787229

5. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11298451

6. http://www.precisionnutrition.com/leptin-ghrelin-weight-loss

7. http://www.jbc.org/content/272/39/24129.full

8. http://www.jbc.org/content/272/39/24129.full

9. http://my.pingabox.com/shared/f.html?f=bygaik

10. http://ajpendo.physiology.org/content/277/5/E855.long

11. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

12. http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/82/1/41.abstract

13. http://www.briancalkins.com/simplevscomplexcarb.htm




 




 There are two main places in the body where serotonin is found to have an important role: the central nervous system and the digestive system. The study looks at the effects of serotonin in the digestive system, it doesn't look at drugs such as alcohol and weed, which are believed to mainly affect the serotonin mechanisms in the central nervous system.  




 I would love to see that. Levrone is one of the all time greats.  




 Just to clarify, peripheral serotonin synthesis refers to the action of serotonin in the gastrointestinal tract, not in the central nervous system. Mind-altering drugs usually affect the latter, so this has nothing to do with alcohol or THC or any other drug of the type.  









 From the article:

'...genetic or chemical inhibition of Tph1 (an enzyme that synthesizes serotonin) protects or reserves the development of HFD(high fat diet)-induced obesity and dysglycemia via activation of UCP1 (thermogenin, an uncoupling protein in adipose tissue that dissipates energy as heat)-mediated thermogenesis.' 









 From the article:

'...genetic or chemical inhibition of Tph1 (an enzyme that synthesizes serotonin) protects or reserves the development of HFD(high fat diet)-induced obesity and dysglycemia via activation of UCP1 (thermogenin, an uncoupling protein in adipose tissue that dissipates energy as heat)-mediated thermogenesis.'

Basically, this means that higher levels of serotonin reduce the functionality of fat cells, thus reducing the body's ability to use fat in order to produce energy.  









 Wow he looks fat! That bulking phase! 




 Really interesting. Thanks for sharing! 




 That's the thing, you can't. Even if you managed to get some actual Follistatin (the name of the antagonist) and a modified adenovirus, you still wouldn't have the right thing, because Follistatin targets the entire TGF- superfamily, and the compound they used in the clinical trial is an isoform of Follistatin, a similar version that has been modified to target only the myostatin pathway. There is no way to get this compound, as it was produced in limited supply solely for the series of clinical trials that they're running.  




 Ignorance is bliss.  









 Indeed. Human genetic engineering is no longer a thing of the future. Research to turn adeno-associated viruses into viral vectors that can precisely deliver new DNA into cells is currently underway. In a couple years from now, athletes will be able to use these modified viruses to boost their genetic potential way beyond what is currently possible even for the most genetically gifted. And what's amazing is that there no way to detect gene doping, because there is currently no way of detecting changes in protein expression, for obvious reasons (the human genome is an unbelievably complex entity). 

But the luckiest ones of us are the ones who aren't born yet; in the future, rich future parents will be able to pay to have the cells in the genes of the blastocyst (early state embryo) altered, thus effectively leading to births of 'super humans'. 

Even more interesting thought: societies of the far future might systemically modify the genetic makeup of embryos to create humans that are 'truly' equal. In that sense, gene doping abuse will probably one day backfire, but, most likely, none of us will be around to see that happen. In the experimental era of genetic modifications, we are the lucky generation that will get to abuse and benefit from the outcome of novel research. And then the generations after that will have a very shitty time because of us. The natural cycle of life in society.  




 Well, they make the most of what little they have...  




 HA! My reaction... 




 Blame humans for the existence of this poor... thing.  









 Insane transformation. Respect!  




 With genetic modifications. Also, testing on humans [has already been done](http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/v23/n1/full/mt2014200a.html).
In children with muscle diseases, they injected an isoform of a well known  TGF- antagonist that bioneutralizes cell signalling hormones, and it resulted in a significant increase muscular strength and mass.  














 Joke's on you, anti-GMO people. You've been eating these foods since the fifties without knowing it.  









 'Be gentle' isn't what she would have said.  



















 I'm a big fan of Stephanie Davis.  




 I study Human Nutrition part time, and a lot of nutritionists believe that fructose, which things like milk chocolate contain a lot of, lead to something that they call the 'sugar-craving cycle'. This is because fructose triggers the brain's hedonic pathway, but not its satiety mechanisms, making you constantly want more because it feels good to eat but never completely satisfies you.  




 Yes. This. Normally calories are all that matters really, but the average person doesn't count calories, let's be honest.  




 Cocoa is still relatively healthy, just highly caloric! (sorry for late answer lol!) 




 I'm sorry, I realize this is not plain English as you asked. I have no time right now, I will try to explain it differently when I come back tomorrow.  




 Glycemic load, which is based on the formula Glycemic Index*Grams of carbohydrates/100. Glycemic index indicates how fast a particular food is absorbed into the bloodstream. Glycemic load is more accurate, as it also takes into account how much sugar is actually absorbed. For example, carrots have a high glycemic index, but a very low glycemid load, so they are very healthy. When monosaccharide units (sugar) are absorbed, the pancreas secretes insulin, a hormone that 'pushes' nutrients into the system so they can be either used to create energy in the tricarboxylic acid cycle, the main metabolic pathway, or stored. Sugar is stored as glycogen in the muscle and liver cells through glycogenesis, and when sugar level in the blood drops, it is converted back to sugar through glycogenolysis, and then to pyruvate through glycolysis. Pyruvate is a compound that then undergoes various other transformations in order to be ultimately used by our metabolism to produce the energy that our body needs to survive. Surplus is stored beginning when carboxylate is removed from pyruvate to form acetyl co-enzyme A, which is then converted to fatty acids and triglycerides through lipogenesis; excess triglycerides are combined with phospholipids, cholesterol and proteins to form chylomicrons, lipoprotein molecules that can carry triglycerides through the bloodstream (as triglycerides on their own are not water soluble) so they can be released from the lipoproteins and reassembled in the adipocytes, the body's fat cells.On the other hand, fatty acids are used to synthesize two particular compounds, known as beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate, via a process known as ketosis, in order to reform acetyl coenzyme-A; those two compounds are part of a group of water-soluble molecules known as the ketone bodies, and ketosis is the main reason why the body can produce energy despite the absence of carbohydrates. 

Source: I don't have a source right now, but this is the basics of metabolic biochemistry.  





























 MayoClinic.com has a pretty good article on [testosterone and age](http://www.mayomedicallaboratories.com/test-catalog/Clinical+and+Interpretive/83686) 




 Actually, coming up with an exact age is impossible because there are obvious variations between individuals as with all biological processes. But in the studies that I've seen, the test production of  healthy sedentary Caucasian males is very high at 18-19, peaks in early adulthood, and then may drop very slowly throughout life depending on a lot of factors.  




 Natty test levels are insanely high when you're 17, no need to inject hormones at that age IMO. If you start training and dieting seriously at 14-15, you can get huge naturally by the time you're legally an adult. Also, natural testosterone levels keep increasing until you're 25, then they peak, then they start dropping down very slowly. No need to inject hormones until you're 24-25 IMHO.  




 Iron isn't an issue, because this world has the Zipkrowd's iron farm. Of course for clay there isn't really a way around it, it's one of the few materials in MC that you still have to farm yourself by exploring.  




 Thanks, TSM, for turning us into the laughing stock of the LoL competitive scene. Even BJK, the Wild Card team, is holding their own better.  














 Not sure if compliment or insult. 



















 This reminds me of Gilneas in WoW.  









 Amino acids on their own don't significantly affect mRNA expression of satiety-related genes, no. But the processing of various nutrients by the digestive system is very complicated, and foods that contain proteins can sometimes affect one's ability to resist hunger and cravings due to various factors in my opinion. But since a BCAA drink is just that, BCAAs, it should not affect satiety like, say, meat products would.  




 What the fuck did I just read?  



















 Yes, proteins from meat, but mostly starches, starches, starches. :P 
Vegetables that are rich in fibers work best for me when I'm cutting.  




 Interesting stuff, but I don't think proteins have as much satiety value as this textbook claims. Meat proteins, for example, have a greater satiety value than dairy proteins because they contain less isoleucine and leucine, which increase circulating levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 and 2 and of Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein enzymes, and more phenylalanine and histidine, which do basically the opposite. But beyond that, proteins in general do not have a significant impact on hypothalamic markers of satiety, at least in rodents, as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6); as you can see, in this study, proteins, regardless of source, had a negligible impact on mRNA expression of the various satiety-related genes that they checked for. 

 




 Has the gut improved or does it just seem to be like that because he's flexing?  




 It depends what dairy products we're talking about here, but in the studies that I saw, dairy proteins are generally more conductive to anabolic signalling than meat/animal proteins.  




 Gluconeogenesis is basically reverse glycolysis. In glycolysis, glucose is converted to pyruvate and some ATP. In gluconeogenesis, non-carbohydrate substrates, like pyruvate, and certain fatty acids are converted back to glucose generally in response to hypoglycemia.  




 I would love to see it. In one more recent model that I saw, amino acids from the nitrogen pool are deaminated as glutamic acid to form ammonia, which is then catalized with the phosphate formed from the ATP produced in the TAC to make carbamoyl phosphate. Carbamoyl phosphate is then catalized again with arginine to form citrulline, citrulline and aspartic acid are in turn synthesized to form arginine again, and then the urea cycle begins. It's like a full circle effect, since citrulline and aspartic acid are also catalized to form fumaric acid, which is used in the TCA as well, and then regenerated to form oxaloacetic acid, and then transaminated to form aspartic acid again. Amino acids would have to be converted to pyruvate or another related compound before oxidative deamination even begins in order to ultimately be converted to triglycerides, which like I said literally never happens.  




 Also, dietary and meat/animal proteins are not equal. The amino acid profile of dairy proteins is more conductive to production of IGF-1 than that of meat/animal proteins, and dairy proteins are generally digested more quickly, due to being found in foods that also contain sugar, and therefore create a greater insulin response than meat/animal proteins.  




 This textbook is not entirely accurate. Recent research shows that the pathway for conversion of amino acids to triglycerides does exists, but that it almost never happens. You would have to eat something insane, like a 10 000 calorie surplus, in order for it to happen. It's true that amino acids can be deaminated to form pyruvate, oxaloacetate, acetyl CoA or acetoacetyl CoA, but in reality it almost never happens. Most of the excess proteins are actually used in the urea cycle and other functions.  




 Not currently, but I'm dieting and training hard to hopefully be able to complete in a year or so from now.  




 But what struck me is how it goes completely in contradiction with the message the documentary is trying to convey, which is that steroids and other related drugs aren't necessarily the 'evil' that society portrays them to be, and that they're going to become more widely accepted as our world becomes increasingly revolutionized by advances in biotechnology.  









 I meant acute risk of death obviously.  




 I didn't think we needed to state the obvious...  




 I know what 'imo' means, but you're on a bodybuilding discussion board. If you're not talking specifically about something in the context of bodybuilding, you have to specify it. I just assumed you were talking about aesthetics in bodybuilding, not about aesthetics in general.  




 When you try to imitate Zyzz, you come off as an idiot. The only one who could pull off the Zyzz persona while coming off as a nice, genuine dude was Zyzz himself. That's why the legacy he has left behind is, sadly, a generation of people with shitty personalities like Jeff...  




 Yes aesthetics are completely subjective. But in bodybuilding competitions specifically, all competitors aim for the lowest body fat and amount of water held that they can possibly can. I'd love to be proven wrong on that.  




 ITT: people who are downvoting have never watched/attended an actual bodybuilding contest.  









 Well, in bodybuilding the goal is to have as little body fat as possible so all the muscle and muscle separations can be as clearly visible as possible. There's nothing really subjective in this case... the less the better.  




 You mean below 8%  




 I didn't think we needed to state the obvious. Of course it can cause disturbances or death in an organism, which makes it a poison. But that's not the point...  




 Ignorance is poison.  




 Things like this make me angry.

Of course they're not gonna talk about the countless people who have used DNP to lose weight incredibly quickly and with absolutely no hormonal feedback afterwards.

Or about the fact that the mechanisms by which DNP causes the body to use its own reserves in order to produce ATP are so effective that they're being actively studied right now in order to create similar but safer drugs in the future.

All they can talk about is the few idiots who didn't know what they were doing and killed themselves. Or about that anorexic girl who took 8 pills and died. Of course the side effect of DNP overdose is a risk of acute death, that was established by scientists almost a century ago. Does that mean it's as dangerous as they're probably claiming? Hell no.

But of course they just love to blow it out of proportions. DNP should be illegal because the masses make it dangerous by being ignorant and impulsive when it comes to drug use, not because it's dangerous on its own. I've never heard of someone who knew what they were doing, who had carefully researched the physiological mechanisms, the potential side effects and the anecdotally reported dosage protocols, and who died from DNP use. And there's a reason: because when it's used intelligently, it works and isn't very dangerous. 

This article, my friends, is a perfect example of why the society we live in is fucking shitty. And shame on the WADA for taking part in such bullshit.  




 You add a negative connotation to judging like you think it's a bad thing. It's not bad or good. It's just how it is. It's in humans' nature to judge. We all perceive other people in different ways whether we want it or not...  




 I don't know if you're right, but I can't provide a counter argument at the moment, so I guess you are.  




 I've talked about this before, but one study found that high doses of a lactate-caffeine mixture have a significant impact on muscle mass and strength in rodents. However, more research needs to be done, obviously. 




 Actually I do eat sugar, it's good post-workout, to take advantage of the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect.  




 I know of a substance that's basically like alcohol but without the calories. Can't remember the name, but I'm pretty sure it exists. Look it up.  




 I'm not too sure what I think, to be frank. I don't even know what are the leading theories on the evolutionary origins of the whole reward system in the brain. That's something I need to do more research on. All I know is, there's something truly wrong in today's society with the relationship between eating behaviors and that reward system. In the past, people were mainly eating to maintain homeostatic balance, and today that's clearly not the case, and it obviously has to do with our lifestyle, but just how deep is the issue? The plethora of metabolic diseases (such as obesity) that we're stuck with is just what you see on the surface, and the issue runs much deeper than that. Of course I don't look down on people who count calories and only 'cheat' once in a while, because they're still better than most of society, sadly. But I do tend to look down on people, because I believe that they're being part of a partially flawed system without even being aware of it.  




 Well this is very subjective, but for me, small doses produce the same buzz as alcohol, except with slight visual hallucinations. I've also used THC, but I tend to avoid it because endocannabinoid-like substances make me hungry.  




 I prefer to use psilocybin, it's calorie-free, doesn't promote fat storage,  and doesn't make me feel like shit because of dehydration the next morning.  




 To use one of my favorite quotes, 'Living by your wants will never make you happy. What it means to be fully human is to strive to live by ideas and ideals and not to measure your life by what you've attained in terms of your desires, but those small moments of integrity.' 

 




 Of course I am aware that a lot of society doesn't want to hear what I have to say about eating behaviors, so I keep my apparently 'obsessive' beliefs a secret. I judge people, but I don't tell them or let it show. No one in my real life knows that I think like this. But I won't take pride in doing something that I regard as simply being the normal thing to do based on my ideology.  




 It's not even about bodybuilding. When you eat something that you 'crave', you are giving in to your body's reward system, also known as the hedonic neural pathway. It's literally the same neural circuitry as the one that is involved in addiction to drugs like heroin. Humans were never meant to reward themselves with highly palatable foods to the extent that people are doing so nowadays. Of course you can do it and still be a successful bodybuilder, many of the best bodybuilders in the world are living proof of that. But like I said, that belief of mine goes far beyond bodybuilding. My belief does allow me to have the strict dieting style that, perhaps, one day could allow me to be a successful bodybuilder, but don't be mistaken, it's merely a coincidence.  




 No, because I live by ideas and ideals, not short term wants and desires like you. Giving in to superficial needs like the one to eat such food is a behavior of the weak.  




 You know what they say...Redbull doesn't give you wings, lat pulldowns do! 









 I have a love   hate relationship with Dorian. He's one of the best in the history of bodybuilding, no doubting that, but he's also amongst the ones who started the whole gh/insulin craze.  




 Honestly tired of seeing this ignorant nonsense being posted again and again. Dumbass guy went full retard, had a medical issue because of it, that's it. Has nothing to do with bodybuilding.  




 2-300 calories above TDEE.  




 Honestly, maybe I'm obsessed, maybe I have issues... A lot of people have told me things of the kind.... But I'm not distressed by it anymore, because my 'obsession' has allowed me to achieve a more aesthetic body than I could have ever hoped to achieve otherwise, and I'm still FAR from where I want to be, but I know that this 'obsession' is also what will continue to drive me until I finally get there.  




 Either keep cutting slowly until you've lost another 3-5% or start bulking slowly to increase muscular mass while minimizing fat gains, IMO. Either way you will get a little bit of both regardless of what you do because you are still benefiting from the beginner's gains at your stage! Amazing work man, don't stop! 














 One day, reading articles like this one is going to give me cancer... Seriously... The ignorant tone in this article is making me cringe... 




 I find it extremely disturbing that being overweight has become somewhat of a norm. The mechanism by which humans are physiologically capable of storing nutrients in adipose tissue was never meant to be taken this far. My Metabolic Biochemistry teacher says that this is essentially the outcome of an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment (the ability to store fat) and the lifestyle of people in today's society, i.e. eating foods to socialize and having an abundant supply of food available. And I agree, because I've believed that since I was a teenager. Society truly is fucked up, and I don't think it's going to get better.  




 It might not be normal to want to get 'swole', but in my opinion it's certainly not normal either to not have any clue how much of what is going through your mouth throughout the day.  




 Wow! I won't say good luck, don't think you're going to need such a thing!  




 This is why you don't 'experiment' before a show, especially when it comes to diuretic drugs, which can easily backfire if you don't know what you're doing.  




 I'd tell them that desiring to become more muscular is a personal choice that they have no business commenting on. And then I'd tell them that yes, I do use steroids, but that despite my drug use, I still have a much healthier lifestyle and much more daily motivation than they can ever hope to have.  




 Having both = Ronnie.  




 Even when I'm bulking, I have to eat extremely cleanly, or else I feel depressed and hopeless. If I ever eat anything that can be regarded as a 'cheat meal', anything that's excessively rich in sugar, bad fats and sodium, I'll have a slight outburst of satisfaction from the taste, followed by hours and possibly even days of guilt and resentment towards myself. I'm not saying it's normal or rational, but I'm literally incapable of eating anything that I don't regard as 'clean' food.  









 I think it's reasonable to say that most people who are serious enough about their training and diet for it to be possible for them to ever reach their genetic potential generally get on the gear long before they get even close to getting there. 




 White meat, and any carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load, which means a lot of dietary fibers and little sugar. Just type 'low glycemic load foods' on Google.  




 I've been trying that too. 1 cup of liquid egg white and a pre-workout of caffeine citrate + DMAA. It has worked well.  




 I don't think there's anything wrong with it. But of course it only makes sense to look for what's the most effective, that's why I've been trying to figure out whether or not it's more effective than, say, post-workout cardio or mid-day post-meal cardio.  




 I've personally gone from 15 to 12% body fat doing fasted cardio, but I'm more tempted to believe that this is due to my diet. That's why I'm looking to hear about other people's experience.  




 A lot of research says that it's more effective than regular cardio, a lot of research also says that it isn't. Have you guys done fasted cardio regularly over a long period of time, and if yes, what kinds of results did you get? My understanding is that it's useful for highly trained athletes, due to higher substrate utilization and the effectiveness of fatty acid metabolism at a low body fat percentage, but for the average person, I'm not sure just how useful it is?   




 To be honest, I've found it difficult to socialize in a society where I'm the only person that I know to have a strict diet that is based on research. I can definitely say that, as I've grown up, I've felt increasingly alienated from the world surrounding me (I'm 20 now, I started my journey when I was 15). I cannot talk about food with my parents or friends, because food has become somewhat of a taboo subject and most people don't understand the biochemical principles behind nutritional science. Sometimes I wonder if I'm the one who's crazy, or if it's the world around me that is. I guess it ultimately doesn't matter, though, since the outcome is the same regardless.   




 The opposite for me, actually. But I guess we are all different, which is fine! 




 Buy a food scale. You can get one for less than $10 on Amazon. Check on a website that tracks the calories in foods, such as MyFitnessPal. Start off with eating mostly simple foods - cooked chicken, vegetables, fruits, brown rice, etc., and expand your food choices as you get more used to weighting and preparing food. Also, I usually prepare my meals for the entire week in a single day, usually Sunday. It really makes it easier if you have a busy week life.  




 Yep, that's what matters. If you keep track of your caloric intake, you can eat anything, and some nuts are certainly a very healthy choice - rich in good fats, rich in certain micro nutrients, with an excellent fiber/carbohydrate ratio, and with proteins of which the amino acid profile reduces the production of the IGF-1 hormone, which is possibly another good thing if you're trying to lose weight.  




 I would advise against eating nuts unless you are weighting food and counting calories. Nuts, while healthy, are highly caloric and it's very easy to overeat them in my experience.  




 This is true, but compared to how many calories they contain overall, the number of carbohydrates they contain is insignificant. For example, a ounce of almonds is 161 calories, only 12 of which come from net carbohydrates, and half of which come from dietary fibers. If your only source of carbohydrates in a day is from almonds, you are still in a ketogenic mode, because it doesn't take absolutely no carbohydrates for your body to start producing ATP mainly via ketosis, only very little, something around 10% of total caloric intake or less if I recall correctly from the studies I've read. But yes, some nuts are higher in carbohydrates, that's true, chia seeds for example.  




 **1. Don't eat to socialize.**

One of the main problems with our society is that most forms of socialization revolve around eating. And most of the time it's eating foods that are rich in sugar and fat, meaning people end the day with a positive energy balance (caloric surplus) because of that. People eat out at a restaurant to hang out with their friends, eat when they go to see a movie, eat at parties, eat 'comforting foods' at funerals, etc.. But humans were not made to live this way. For most of our species' history, we were hunter-gatherers who struggled to find food, and then people developed agriculture and there started being an abundant supply of food available. And as soon as that happened, things went out of control. In fact, there is evidence that many of the pharaohs from Ancient Egypt were obese due to having a diet rich in sugar. So perhaps the most important thing I learned is to not eat as a means of socializing with others. It's fine to socialize as you're eating, but don't center your nutritional choices around interactions with others, and find an eating pattern that works best for you individually.

**2. Learn to make the difference between actually being hungry, and feeling the need to eat because of exogenous factors, such as stress, negative emotions (boredom, sadness, etc.) or peer pressure.**

It is essentially believed that eating behaviors are regulated by two neural pathways in the brain: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathways. When you wake up in the morning and have breakfast, this is the homeostatic pathway; your body hasn't had any supply of energy in many hours and it knows that you need to eat in order to restore balance (homeostatis). On the other hand, when your inner voice tells you 'I really want to open up this bag of chips right now', this is the reward pathway, also colloquially known as 'food cravings'. People are taught from a young age, by their parents, by their entourage, arguably by society at large, to reward themselves with foods, so it only makes sense for them to fall back to eating rewarding foods when they are not feeling good. But it doesn't mean that you should do it! In fact, awareness is the first step to ceasing this slow-killer behavior. The next time you are about to open up this bag of chips, think to yourself 'Will my body start to malfunction if I don't eat this right now?' Most likely, the answer will be no, it won't, because you don't actually need to eat it, you are merely looking to reward yourself with the taste of those chips. And, with this in mind, you can put the bag of chips back on the shelf and find another way of making yourself feel better instead.

**3. Eat foods that make you feel full (low GL carbohydrate foods)**

When your stomach is empty, your pancreas secretes a hormone known as 'ghrelin', of which the purpose is to stimulate hunger so you will eat. Inversely, once you've eaten, another hormone is secreted from your body's stored fat, known as 'leptin', and of which the purpose is to suppress appetite. The relationship between ghrelin, leptin and other hormones is extremely complex, but simply put, the time you feel 'full' from the foods you eat is pretty much equal to the time they spend in your digestive system; as your stomach is getting emptier, your pancreas will start producing ghrelin again, and you will start feeling hungry again. What does this mean? That you should eat foods that take longer to digest, as they will also make you feel full longer. To slow down digestion, the macro nutrient you should pay the most attention to is carbohydrates. There are two types of carbohydrates: the simple ones, also known as sugars, and the more complex ones, or starches. Carbohydrates are found in almost everything: bread, rice, vegetables, fruits, etc; the only things that don't contain them are meat and pure fat-based products (mostly oils). However, sugars and starches are very different: sugars, due to being simple at the chemical level, will be digested extremely quickly, and, in the process, also cause your pancreas to create more insulin, which will 'drive' the nutrients into your system at a faster than normal rate so they can either be used to make energy or be stored as fat. Starches, on the other hand, are more complex, and will therefore take more time to digest and create a lesser insulin response. One way of knowing how much of an insulin response certain foods will create is to look at their glycemic load, which is based on a formula that takes into account both how quickly the food is digested and how much sugar it actually contains; the closer to 100 the glycemic load, and the higher the insulin response. If you are trying to lose weight, foods with a high glycemic load should be mostly avoided, except following an intense physical exercise, when it is believed that the body will become more sensitive to insulin and therefore use up more of the nutrients that it receives than it normally would.

**4. Do not give up on eating 'healthier', as it actually gets easier over time.**

One of the biggest communities of living beings in the world is in the human gut, and is known as the gut microbiota or gut flora. This community is made up of trillions of microorganisms that both influence and are influenced by your nutrient choices. In fact, gut composition is based on eating habits, and it is also believed that the microbes in the gut can influence the brain to desire the nutrient and nutrient combinations that they prefer, via a neural pathway known as the brain-gut axis. What does this mean? That eating healthier might literally get easier over time, because the unhealthy nutrient choices will eventually get replaced by healthier ones as you change your eating habits.

**5. Keep track of how many calories you are eating throughout the day.**

Ultimately, whether you lose, maintain or gain weight is based on the kind of energy balance you end the day with over a long period of time, days, weeks, months or even years. If you are always ending the day with a positive balance, you are gaining weight, plain and simple, no matter your food choices, no matter how much physical exercise you are doing. Society has been trying, in recent years, to teach us to eat 'healthier' and to be more physically active in order to become healthier, but the harsh truth is, these things only matter insofar as they allow you to maintain a healthy body fat percentage. In fact, in controlled lab experiments, losing weight far outweighs all other factors when it comes to improvements in overall health, including nutrient choices. So, in other words, if you are eating exclusively chips and donuts everyday but eating at caloric deficit and therefore losing weight, you are technically living a healthier life than someone who is eating 'healthy' but not losing weight. However, like I've said above, food choices definitely matter still, as, combined with social habits, they are generally a good indicator of whether people reach their approximate target caloric intake or not. But one way of keeping track of your progress and knowing whether you need to make adjustments in your life or not is by keeping track of your caloric intake. Firstly, it helps you make the difference between the actual need to eat and food cravings; if you're at caloric maintenance already and feel the need to open up that bag of chips, you can tell yourself 'No, I don't need this, I've already had all my calories for the day'. Secondly, it allows you to be more flexible: if you know that you are attending a social gathering in the evening and there'll be food that you'll most likely want to eat there, you can adjust your caloric intake consequently, by eating a little less than normally throughout the day so as to still end the day with a negative energy balance despite eating fast food at that party. 




 Yes, I'm not sure what you're asking? It increases leptin production, which causes the body to become less sensitive to both leptin and insulin.  




 Yes, because surplus fat is directly stored in the fat cells, which also increases leptin production.  




 Indeed, the only reason why I talk about carbohydrates is to give others a bit of background information on the subject. This study merely looks at the relationship between leptin and UGN.  




 Essentially, yes. It is believed that eating behavior are regulated by two neural pathways: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathway. When you wake up in the morning and have breakfast, this is the homeostatic pathway; your body knows that you need to eat in order to survive. On the other hand, when you think 'I really want to open up this bag of chips right now', this is the reward pathway. In a society where people are taught from a young age that it is a good thing to reward oneself with foods, it only makes sense for people to fall back to eating rewarding foods when they are not feeling good. But it does not mean that you should do it. Awareness is, in fact, the starting point of ceasing this health-destroying behavior.  




 Yes, but it is implied that the degree of insulin production necessary to cause resistance is one that is highly correlated with overeating. I didn't think I needed to specify that.  




 If I could give 4 tips to avoid eating at a caloric surplus, which is the most important, they would be:

1. Don't eat to socialize, this is when people are most likely to overeat/eat foods that are rich in bad fats and sugar

2. Eat foods that make you feel full (low GL carbohydrate foods, meat source proteins)

3. Learn to make the difference between actually needing to eat and feeling the need to eat because of an exogenous factor, such as stress, boredom or another negative emotion. 

4. Keep track of how many calories you are ingesting throughout the day. 
 




 No, this is incorrect, and demonstrates why there is no ELI5. Eating at a caloric surplus is what causes the nutrients to be stored as fat, therefore increasing the production of leptin and resulting in the vicious cycle that I talk about. Insulin does increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, because it transports the nutrients into the system at a faster rate, but this doesn't matter if you aren't eating at a caloric surplus, as then, those nutrients will still be used to produce energy.

However, fast-digesting carbohydrates might partly lead to obesity, as they make people feel less 'full' from the food they eat, since they are digested so quickly, and therefore make people more likely to eat at a caloric surplus. But for example, carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load do not create very much of an insulin response. Low glycemic load carbohydrate foods are ones that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, amongst other things. For example: brown rice, whole grain bread, and peas, to name a few.

 




 No, this is incorrect, and demonstrates why there is no ELI5. Eating at a caloric surplus is what causes the nutrients to be stored as fat, therefore increasing the production of leptin and resulting in the vicious cycle that I talk about. Insulin does increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, because it transports the nutrients into the system at a faster rate, but this doesn't matter if you aren't eating at a caloric surplus, as then, those nutrients will still be used to produce energy. 

However, fast-digesting carbohydrates might partly lead to obesity, as they make people feel less 'full' from the food they eat, since they are digested so quickly, and therefore make people more likely to eat at a caloric surplus. But for example, carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load do not create very much of an insulin response. Low glycemic load carbohydrate foods are ones that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, amongst other things. For example: brown rice, whole grain bread, and peas, to name a few.  




 Probably not ELI5, but as simply as I can put it, ingesting carbohydrates causes the pancreas to secrete insulin, a hormone that 'drives' nutrients into the system. Most of the nutrients are used by the body to produce ATP, the unit of intracellular energy and what effectively allows us to live, via the tricarboxylic acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway). The nutrients that cannot be used, however, are instead mostly stored as triglycerides in the body's adipocytes (fat cells). Leptin is an appetite-controlling hormone that is an adipokine, meaning that it is synthesized from the fat cells. Therefore, insulin increases the production of leptin over time, and as it does, the body becomes less sensitive not only to leptin itself, but also to insulin, resulting in a vicious cycle that makes people hungrier, fatter, and more likely to develop diabetes. In this study, they found a positive correlation between leptin and uroguanylin, a 16 amino acid peptide that appears to control some of the body's homeostatis mechanisms via the brain-gut pathway, through which biochemical signalling takes place between the gut microbiota, the gastrointestinal tract and the nervous system. In other words, leptin appears to control homeostatic balance partly via the action of uroguanylin, the latter being dependent on leptin production and, therefore, on carbohydrate metabolism as well. This is basic science, but they essentially acquired a better understanding of how leptin controls appetite at the biochemical level with this experiment. 




 Probably not ELI5, but as simply as I can put it, ingesting carbohydrates causes the pancreas to secrete insulin, a hormone that 'drives' nutrients into the system. Most of the nutrients are used by the body to produce ATP, the unit of intracellular energy and  what effectively allows us to live, via the tricarboxylic acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway). The nutrients that cannot be used, however, are instead mostly stored as triglycerides in the body's adipocytes (fat cells). Leptin is an appetite-controlling hormone that is an adipokine, meaning that it is synthesized from the fat cells. Therefore, insulin increases the production of leptin over time, and as it does, the body becomes less sensitive not only to leptin itself, but also to insulin, resulting in a vicious cycle that makes people hungrier, fatter, and more likely to develop diabetes. In this study, they found a positive correlation between leptin and uroguanylin, a 16 amino acid peptide that appears to control some of the body's homeostatis mechanisms via the brain-gut pathway, through which biochemical signalling takes place between the gut microbiota, the gastrointestinal tract and the nervous system.  In other words, leptin appears to control homeostatic balance partly via the action of uroguanylin,  the latter being dependent on leptin production and, therefore, on carbohydrate metabolism as well. This is basic science, but they essentially acquired a better understanding of how leptin controls appetite at the biochemical level with this experiment.  
























 Thanks! 




 To the Nether obviously. Otherwise there wouldn't be water.  









 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2824650/

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6414471

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25450864

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25322757

http://jap.physiology.org/content/early/2015/01/08/japplphysiol.00054.2014

http://www.sciencedomain.org/abstract.php?iid=155 id=1 aid=703#.UuVae2Qo5GE 




 It's not directly anabolic but it is definitely related.  




 It's not very complicated. Maintain your pre-show caloric intake. Eat mostly meat/animal proteins and low GL carbohydrates to maintain musculature and fullness without increasing fluid retention. Obviously avoid foods that tend to cause fluid retention (sodium rich foods) and raise blood sugar high (sugar rich/high GL foods). Keep water intake fairly low, but not so low that you're uncomfortable, until 2-3 days before the competition.  




 Yes, because GHRPs imitate the effect of ghrelin. But with the latest generation of peptides, the gastric effects are supposed to be non-existent. But some people still report a feeling of gastric emptiness nonetheless.  




 GHRH/GHRP certainly works in synergy with AAS. DMAA is basically a stimulant, so it can be used as a pre-workout or for cutting/in combination with weight loss drugs (such as 2,4-DNP). The other two, I wouldn't be able to tell you.  




 Quote from a research article:

We examined whether a mixed lactate and caffeine compound (LC) could effectively elicit proliferation and differentiation of satellite cells or activate anabolic signals in skeletal muscles. We cultured C2C12 cells with either lactate or LC for 6 h. We found that lactate significantly increased myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin relative to the control. LC significantly increased protein levels of Pax7, MyoD, and Ki67 in addition to myogenin, relative to control. LC also significantly increased follistatin expression relative to control and stimulated phosphorylation of mTOR and P70S6K. In an in vivo study, male F344/DuCrlCrlj rats were assigned to control (Sed, n = 10), exercise (Ex, n = 12), and LC supplementation (LCEx, n = 13) groups. LC was orally administered daily. The LCEx and Ex groups were exercised on a treadmill, running for 30 min at low intensity every other day for 4 wk. The LCEx group experienced a significant increase in the mass of the gastrocnemius (GA) and tibialis anterior (TA) relative to both the Sed and Ex groups. Furthermore, the LCEx group showed a significant increase in the total DNA content of TA compared with the Sed group. The LCEx group experienced a significant increase in myogenin and follistatin expression of GA relative to the Ex group. These results suggest that administration of LC can effectively increase muscle mass concomitant with elevated numbers of myonuclei, even with low-intensity exercise training, via activated satellite cells and anabolic signals.
 




 Long term use of large doses of hGH and insulin makes every single tissue in the body grow.  




 It can be injected either intramuscularly, subcutaneously or intravenously.  




 No one knows how safe it is.The long-term synergistic effects of GHRH/GHRP have never been studied in a controlled setting. The prescription drug version of GHRH is banned for recreational use in a few countries (but not the analogue that is generally used recreationally), but GHRP drugs have yet to go under the radar of major governing bodies.   




 Just to clarify, I haven't posted the sources for these drugs because the texts aren't average person-friendly at all. But if you are interested in the scientific literature, send me a PM and I can provide all the sources.  




 This is very true. Also, there is some evidence that certain types of cardiovascular exercise (such as running) affect muscular strength and hypertrophy, especially in the lower body. This is why I personally limit my cardio time to no more than 30 min daily.  




 **1. GHRH/GHRP**

Stands for **G**rowth **H**ormone **R**eleasing **H**ormone and Growth Hormone Releasing **P**eptide. These are **not** hGH, but when combined, they have very similar effects. During deep sleep, growth hormone is produced, and then, it is released at various times throughout the day in the form of a 'pulse'. GHRH and GHRH work synergistically and allow you to control and increase that pulse, resulting in increased anabolic effects (including increased rates of protein biosynthesis and lipolysis), better quality of sleep (possibly as a result of increased deep sleep time), and even faster tissue regeneration near site of injection when higher doses are administered. These two compounds are administered via injection, usually either intramuscularly or intravenously, and user-reported dosage tends to range from one to multiple doses of 1mcg/kg of body weight per day, usually at times of increased energy expenditure and fasting, to make good use of the GH pulse, such as pre-workout, post-workout, and pre-bed time. The synergistic effects of these compounds are not well studied in humans, and side effects from long-term use remain unknown. However, commonly reported side effects occur when dosage is not titrated up adequately, or with high (multiple doses) and long-term continuous use, and include: fluid retention, arthralgia, and symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome; these side effects were also reported when high doses of synthetic growth hormone were administered in healthy adult subjects. 

**2.  FS315**

 FS315 is an isoform (a genetic compound that has been modified via post-translational modification) of Follistatin, an antagonist of the  TGF- family of cell regulatory proteins. Normally, Follistatin inhibits the production of all the  TGF- proteins, but this isoform has been modified to target only myostatin, a protein that limits muscle-building in humans. It is injected using an adeno-associated virus, a small virus that is inoffensive to humans. When injected in animals and human children, it resulted in a significant short-term increase in muscular mass and functional strength. Although this method is obviously not available on the market yet, the potential of abuse by athletes in the near future is considered to be high by the World Anti-Doping Agency, and the method itself is referred to as 'gene doping'. 

**3. Lactate-Caffeine**

This one is not available on the market yet either, and is related to Follistatin. When administered orally to rodents, a solution of lactate (the conjugate base of lactic acid) and caffeine increased muscular mass significantly and prevented paralysis-induced muscular atrophy, via an increase in Follistatin production, a decrease in Myostatin production, and via activation of the calcineurin-NFATc pathway, a complex process that increases the production of a subtype of white blood cells (known as T-cells) and of a protein known as Nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 1 (NFATc). The calcineurin-NFATc pathway is also activated by certain AAS, such as Testosterone and Nandrolone, and could partly explain their anabolic effects.  

**4. 1,3-dimethylamylamine**

This compound has been around since the thirties, but common use only dates back to a couple years. It has the same positive effects as Ephedrine,  but via different mechanisms in the brain,  and without seemingly raising blood pressure (which is a huge plus). It is poorly studied, and much of the information on its effects in humans or in general is based on extrapolation from other similar compounds. Based on anecdotal evidence, it often induces a subtle feeling of euphoria, especially in the first times of use, and is often taken in combination with Synephrine Hydrochloride (another natural stimulant, also known as bitter orange) and caffeine; this mix is referred to by some people as 'Ephedrine-Caffeine without the side effects'. Its chemical structure is similar to that of another stimulant known as 1,3-Dimethylbutylamine. 














 You're making a lot of assumptions, one of them being that the other person understands the biochemical principles behind nutritional science, which most people who come on physical exercise-related subreddits don't. Most people don't even understand the difference between starches and sugar, or how different carbohydrates affect insulin production. Therefore, you cannot 'assume' anything.  




 I used MrCrayFish' design, easily found on Youtube.  




 Thank you! 



















 Yes, but you missed the point. You cannot talk about macro nutrients alone because it's too vague, that was my argument. If you say 'I eat 200g of carbs', it could be 'I eat 200g of carbs, 150 of which are sugar, and the other 50 of which is starchy fiber rich carbs', or it could be 'I had 180g of low glycemic load carbs throughout the day, with 20g of sugar post-workout'. Both are completely different. When you're talking about nutrition, you cannot simply talk about macro nutrients on their own. You also have to also talk about the micro nutrients they contain, and their relationship to the other macro nutrients within the food product itself, or else you get a picture that is not very accurate.   




 Indeed, but they still do matter, and they also play a huge role in the control of satiety and hunger, two factors that often influence whether people reach their target caloric intake or not, especially when they're cutting. Also, they play a role in maintenance of general health and well being.  




 Saying only 'carbs, proteins and fats' does not mean much. How much of these carbs is starches? How much is sugar? What is the glycemic load of all of these carb foods? Where do the proteins come from? Dairy? Meat? What kinds of fat? Saturated? Unsaturated? Omega-3? Also, what is the micro nutritional content of all of these foods that you're eating? How much of your carb intake is fiber rich? Dietary fibers have a huge impact on glycemic load as well.  You need to be more specific if you want help. Like I said, just saying 'carbs, proteins and fats' is extremely vague, nutritionally speaking.  




 There are some insanely brutal squat workouts for legs out there. GVT squat. 20 rep breathing squats. Drop set leg press. Etc.  




 I find it fucking hilarious that some people think the top pro 'Crossfitters' got big and strong actually doing Crossfit training programs. Crossfit is the exact same shit as regular weight lifting, except there's more variation in ways of training muscle groups and series/rep format. And these athletes got their physique and athletic capacity lifting heavy weights with proper form, eating a lot and using AAS and GH/GHRH/GHRP.  




 Unless you have fairly low body fat (10% or below), I wouldn't worry about 'cutting too much', no such thing, especially if you're mostly eating proteins, which you should be if you're on a huge deficit.  




 In simpler terms, what I said above is: if you are cutting, make most of your proteins come from meat, and if you are bulking, make most come from dairy products. However, meat is also good if you are bulking, especially read meat, because it boosts testosterone production slightly; this is because red meat is rich in saturated fat, which means cholesterol, a precursor to testosterone. So, for cutting, meat, meat, meat, mostly white meat, except post-workout because you want sugar for the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect. And if you're bulking, meat, some red, and dairy. Dairy is especially good if you're someone who struggles to eat in surplus (chocolate milk, for example, isn't very filling...). 




 Both meat and dairy products can be complete protein foods. For example, both fish and milk are. However, it is because of how much they contain of certain essential amino acids that they differ. Phenylalanine and histidine are known to increase IGF-1, whereas leucine and isoleucin are known to decrease its production; dairy products contain more of the former and less of the latter, and meat is the opposite. IGF-1 is a highly anabolic hormone. Also, like I said, dairy products are generally digested faster, due to being rich in simple carbohydrates (such as sugar), which creates a greater insulin response, and insulin is obviously very anabolic, in fact it's the most anabolic naturally occuring hormone in the body. 




 I don't have a whole lot of merit, I've been studying these things basically all my life, since I was a teenager. The more you learn about the human body and how it interacts with the physical world, and the more you come to realize how ignorant laypeople are, especially when it comes to food, and so the more you come to hate and despise them. Knowledge is quite the alienating concept...  




 Anyone who has an understanding of the basic biochemical principles behind nutritional science will tell you that this is complete bullshit. By nature, the most 'efficient' protein, if there's such a thing, cannot be a complete one because different amino acids have different up and downsides.  For example, the amino acids in dairy protein produce a greater increase in circulating IGF-1, and some dairy products are digested more quickly due to their low fiber/sugar ratio (for example, milk), so the insulin response is greater as well. Because of this, dairy protein is more anabolic, produces more ATP in the short run, but also increases the rate at which triglycerides are stored in the body's fat cells. In comparison, meat or animal protein is digested more slowly, has an amino acid profile that produces less IGF-1, and also possibly produces a greater feeling of satiety as well. And it goes on and on. I could write a 10 page scientific paper on the subject. There is no such thing as a 'good' complete protein.  














 Yes, if you want food that 'goes in' more easily, you should eat proteins from a dairy source and carbohydrates that are rich in sugar and low in fiber. For example, chocolate milk, which is rich in dairy proteins and has a fairy low sugar/fiber. Anything that contains dairy proteins and of which most of the carbohydrates come from sugar.  




 Dietary fiber is well known to control appetite; it is a major determiner of glycemic load and is the reason why many fruits positively affect hypothalamic regulators of satiety despite being made primarily of monosaccharide sugars. On the other hand, dietary proteins, regardless of amino acid composition, have little impact on regulators of satiety as far as I know. However, unlike meat or animal protein, dairy protein takes less time to go through the digestive system, and also increases the production of ghrelin, a hormone that stimulates hunger, by increasing the production of Insulin-like growth factor-1. In other words, if I'm cutting, I would eat proteins from a meat or animal source, and carbohydrate foods that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, and therefore, a low glycemic load as well, such as peas or broccoli, to maximize the psychological effects of satiety and limit those of hunger.  



















 Yes but this is a flaw of how human societies function, because in the long run the benefits acquired from the advancement of science far outweigh all other variables involved. If a major scientific breakthrough involves the deaths of thousands of innocents, a thousand years later what do you think people will remember or care about? The life-changing knowledge acquired for that human catastrophe, and not the catastrophe itself.  




 Another study which indirectly demonstrates the efficacy of secretagogues for weight loss can be found [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4378754/). In that recent study, they found that, indeed, ghrelin can regulate glucose metabolism via the Ghrelin O-acyltransferase enzyme. This is exciting news for GHRH users and certainly adds to the whole GRF1-29/GHRP-2 craze of the last couple years. I just wish there was more research conducted in healthy non-elderly adult subjects.  









 FNDC5 is a newly discovered muscular tissue-secreted membrane protein that seems to have an effect on adiposity and insulin resistance. According to some novel research, inhibiting its production could potentially be used to treat obesity, diabetes and other metabolic diseases in the future.  














 Yes, but I'm of the personal opinion that we shouldn't let the advancement of science be hindered by whatever moral values society holds true at a given moment. Morality is a highly subjective and ever-changing concept, and the standards of morality of today will most likely not be those of society in a thousand years. On the other hand, the principles that guide the physical universe will never change, and I believe that morality will drastically change as we come to understand how things work in our world. Do not be mistaken.... Science dictates morality, not the other way around.  




 AAV Follistatin injection probably has side effects, as Follistatin affects the entire transforming growth factor beta family. But in this case they used an isoform (a compound similar but modified at the molecular level) of Follistatin that targets the MSTN pathway in order to avoid off-target site effects. More research will be needed to determine the impact of myostatin inhibition in humans, so I would be cautious to say it's adverse effect-free. Now as to whether it's 'doping' or not, that's an ethical question that science should not concern itself with. Laypeople would never understand anyway.  




 Noted. I will be more careful in the future.  




 I'm sorry, I must have made a mistake... I thought it had been published in November.  




 What is your question exactly? 




 In the era of genetic experimentation, we will be the generation that will get to abuse novel methods. But everything backfires one day... For example, societies of the far future with more extreme views might systemically modify embryos to make humans be born truly 'equal'. 




 [Full paper available in PDF on Libgen](http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=10.1016/j.steroids.2014.12.017)

Also, to summarize the article:

'The current study investigated the phenotypic effects of the selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) trenbolone (TREN) which included the assessment of body composition, biochemical markers of the metabolic syndrome (lipid profile and insulin sensitivity) and its effects on the heart (structure and function), liver (structure and functions) and prostate (size and structure). Although our data confirmed TRENs ability to reduce endogenous sex hormone production and promote the development of benign prostate hyperplasia, the observed potential benefits of TREN treatment may still justify its application in the treatment of obesity. This study demonstrates TRENs ability to reduce adiposity and
its associated dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance/pre-diabetes.' 




 Thanks! 









 According to the authors, use of trenbolone could be justified in the treatment of obesity. 

'The current study investigated the phenotypic effects of the
 selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) trenbolone (TREN)
 which included the assessment of body composition, biochemical
 markers of the metabolic syndrome (lipid profile and insulin sensi- tivity) and its effects on the heart (structure and function), liver
(structure and functions) and prostate (size and structure).
 Although our data confirmed TRENs ability to reduce endogenous
 sex hormone production and promote the development of benign
 prostate hyperplasia, the observed potential benefits of TREN treat- ment may still justify its application in the treatment of obesity.' 
























 The related study can be found here:

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25322757 - A phase 1/2a follistatin gene therapy trial for becker muscular dystrophy. 

For the first time ever, myostatin production was inhibited in children suffering from muscular diseases, using an isoform (FS344) of  TGF- superfamily antagonist Follistatin that targets specifically the myostatin pathway. It lead to a significant increase in muscular strength and mass. This research article discusses the implications of this novel method for the future of gene therapy. 

 









 I only share new studies that I find interesting and relevant.  However, this is a summary of the research on energy allocation during sleep, so it is already a synthesis in itself. The authors' suggestion that reducing caloric intake prior to bed time is a means of minimizing fat storage is based on findings from hundreds of independent studies. This isn't just a single study, in fact it's not a study at all; no experiment was conducted here, it's a summary of te scientific literature in related fields.  














 Goes to show how those who are at the top right now are primarily there because they have been doing this for a long, long time.  




 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 




 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 














 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 




 I was merely replying to your comment about milk being for babies.  




 There's no way to make it simpler than this without explaining what each of the terms means individually. Maybe someone else can chime in and do a better job than me at explaining this. This is obviously advanced science. By no means do I pretend to fully understand it myself; the people who do are those who have spent years studying and researching complex processes that relate to the fields of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.  




 I don't think you understand what you're talking about. The milk that babies drink from their mother's breasts is vastly different from the one that non-babies drink, and so are the reasons why babies should drink milk. The type of milk produced during late pregnancy is a unique one that is rich in antibodies to make up for the infant's developing immune system. In general, breast milk is also richer in dietary fats and antibodies than regular milk, and serves a number of functions for the baby's health.  
























 If I can't find out how many calories something contains, I don't eat it. Simple as that. This is why I almost never eat out, most restaurants/restaurant chains don't have the nutritional information of their products available, and even when they do, sometimes it doesn't make the food they sell nutritionally optimal still. There is no secret to changing your body, and knowing how many calories you are ingesting daily is the absolute most important thing by far, and so some sacrifices must be made... and yes, one of these sacrifices is avoiding things of which you cannot figure out the caloric content. I'm sure that's not what you wanted to hear, but it's the truth.  




 Honestly, there is no magic solution. In order to get workouts in everyday, to keep track of your caloric intake and nutrient breakdown everyday, to prepare all your meals everyday, to make sure you get enough sleep everyday, which are all key to changing your physique, it takes a certain level of dedication. Such a level of dedication is not acquired in an instant, it takes time, sometimes years before you can get to the point where you can do this. People like to think that you can wake up one day and, just like that, start living a strict lifestyle. That might be true for some, but in my experience, the discipline and ability to work hard consistently that are necessary are definitely not acquired overnight. I've been training for almost a decade now, and once in a while I still miss a workout or mess up my caloric intake. But one thing for sure, the longer you wait to start, and the longer it will take you to get where you want to be.  




 Yes, people with the thrifty phenotype.  




 Caffeine doesn't increase appetite, I did answer that. Also, caffeine isn't technically physically addictive. You can get 'addicted' to caffeine just like people get addicted to eating certain foods or watching certain TV shows.  




 Personally, I love caffeine when I'm cutting, because it allows me to maintain my overall energy level and the intensity of my workouts despite eating less nutrients. I like to combine caffeine with another stimulant/sympathomimetic drug, such as Ephedrine HCL, Synephrine HCL or Methylhexanamine. I find that they work synergistically and give me a good energy boost before an intense workout. Caffeine or stimulants at large shouldn't increase hunger or appetite, on the contrary, stimulants tend to aid in weight loss. Firstly, they do so by increasing ATP production via an increase in body temperature, which further increases metabolic rate, thus heating up the mitochondria of the cells and therefore further increasing body temperature as well, and with this you get a full-circle effect that promotes free fatty acid utilization. Secondly, they actually suppress appetite, since they increase the release of the leptin hormone from fat cells via increased thermogenesis (like previously discussed), which reduces appetite.  




 If anyone is interested, the full paper can be accessed here:

http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=A%20Human%20Thrifty%20Phenotype%20Associated%20With%20Less%20Weight%20Loss%20During%20Caloric%20Restriction

The paper is called 'A Human Thrifty Phenotype Associated With Less Weight Loss During Caloric Restriction', it's from the American Diabetes Association.

Basically, they found that there are two types of weight loss phenotypes: a 'spendthrift' and a 'thrifty' one, and, given the same caloric deficit, those with the thrifty one will lose less fat. 

Quote from the paper's Discussion section:

'We have described for the first time that
obese individuals with a spendthrift phenotype lost the
most weight during 6 weeks of CR. A 1% smaller 24h-EE
decrease during fasting (range 25.3% to 212.1%) led to
a larger energy deficit of 124 kcal/day, or a greater cumulative
energy loss of more than 5,000 kcal over the 6-week
time period. A 124-kcal/day smaller energy deficit in the
thrifty phenotype is equivalent to the amount of energy
expenditure reduction caused by a melanocortin 4 receptor
(MC4R) gene mutation in Pima Indians (;110140
kcal/day) (26), which predisposes these individuals to
obesity (27).'
 




 I'm looking for reliable information. Science isn't always right, but it's self-correcting and still the most available source of information that society has.  




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25843057

The effects of dietary protein and amino acids on skeletal metabolism, Jessica D. Bihuniak, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology (2015), doi: 10.1016/j.mce.2015.03.024 

To quote the review study:

' Findings from a short-term amino acid supplementation trial in older adults suggest that different groups of amino acids induce opposing effects on IGF-1 (Fig. 2; Dawson-Hughes et al., 2007). Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of this growth factor, while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'

Numerous studies have correlated circulating levels of IGF-1 and growth hormone with adiposity:

http://ajpendo.physiology.org/content/295/2/E385.article-info

Lower growth hormone and higher cortisol are associated with greater visceral adiposity, intramyocellular lipids, and insulin resistance in overweight girls. Madhusmita Misra, Miriam A. Bredella, Patrika Tsai, Nara Mendes, Karen K. Miller, Anne Klibanski.
American Journal of Physiology - Endocrinology and Metabolism Published 1 August 2008 Vol. 295 no. 2, E385-E392 DOI: 10.1152/ajpendo.00052.2008

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10352397

Low-Dose Growth Hormone Treatment with Diet Restriction Accelerates Body Fat Loss, Exerts Anabolic Effect and Improves Growth Hormone Secretory Dysfunction in Obese Adults
Kim K.R.  Nam S.Y.  Song Y.D.  Lim S.K.  Lee H.C.  Huh K.B. 
Division of Endocrinology, Department of Internal Medicine, YongDong Severance Hospital, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea
 




 If you don't like your own body, all you can really do is keep working hard on changing it until you do. That's what I do. I'm never satisfied, and so I'll never stop working hard. Not a bad thing.  




 Injected some GHRP/GHRH, took an amino acid supplement, then went for my 30 min morning cardio. The calorie burn was insane, almost quantifiable... Then, I switched to an isocaloric diet recently, so I had some homemade pancakes made with almond flour, cottage cheese, liquid egg white and chocolate whey protein powder. Tasty! This day started off very well! No goal in sight for now, just want to keep getting leaner and leaner while maintaining muscular tissue.  




 The amazing things about this research report is the fact that there were no side effects and, most importantly, the method of administration used (intranasal). Of course the anabolic properties of GHRP are nothing new, but that's not the point. 




 This is one of the house in the Salem spawn on World of Keralis. You can easily check it out yourself.  









 Andesite looks good with everything.  





























 Yep. I don't know too much about Buddhism sadly, but didn't he go from thin to fat and then to thin again and that was supposed to have some symbolic meaning? Not sure if that makes sense.  




 To be honest I don't even know what it means to be happy. I mean, I know how well-being is produced in the brain, but happiness as an abstract concept, I have no idea how to define that.  




 Knowledge isn't happiness, on the contrary, knowledge has made me feel all the more cynical and lonely in my short lifetime. The more I acquire knowledge, and the more I look down on people in general. I don't want to feel this way and I know it's not right, but I can't help it. But knowledge is also success and power, and I like to think that these two things can eventually be used to achieve happiness, even though I'm not sure about that. I just need to find how to make the bridge between the two. I guess that's the next step. Making the bridge between knowledge and happiness.  




 I get your overall point, but I'm not sure what's wrong with the word 'adipose'. It's just a word that comes from the New Latin word *adiposus*, which means 'fatty'. Adipose tissue is just the connective tissue the body uses to store nutrients it cannot use for energy. I'm not sure why you have a problem with that word. 

Also, I'm not sure what you mean by 'dangerous'.  




 I know that, no matter what, it'll never be enough. I will probably train and diet all my life, and never find the body that I'm looking for and that I correlate with my own happiness. And therefore, I feel like I'll never be happy, and the thought scares me. I'll never have the low body fat percentage that I want. I'll never be as muscular as I want. My diet will never be as good as I want. My training will never be as on point as I want. 

People keep commenting on my progress, and keep telling me how well I seem to be doing. But it doesn't seem to matter, I'm still never finding myself satisfied. It feels like I'm in an endless loop, like I'm walking an endless path with an unreachable destination. I call it 'trying to find Neverland', or, in other words, looking for something that will never exist. 

Am I the only one who feels this way?  




 Feel proud, you just avoided a ton of needless fast-digesting carbohydrates and LDL cholesterol fats! 




 I hate the state of being fat, but I blame society, not individuals. People are ignorant because our system doesn't raise them properly. People's life habits in general are disastrous and they pass them down to their children, resulting in a vicious circle that is hard to break from.  




 Eat more dietary fibers (they slow digestion and keep you full longer), make your meals more satisfying, maybe by eating more but less often as well.  




 Agreed. When I started losing weight, it was only for myself. Now I want to show what I've done to others so I can show them that it's definitely possible and not out of anyone's reach.  




 I would suggest sticking to eating less until you are at a weight that allows you to exercise more safely. At your weight, you can lose fat efficiently enough through dieting alone.  




 Personally, I keep my beliefs about nutrition and exercise a secret. I don't ever talk about it. Most people are ignorant about the basic biochemical principles behind nutrient science, and my friends and relatives are no exception. And I don't feel like trying to educate them on things that that they don't really want to learn. When people are young, it's easy to teach them things (I know, because I've worked as an elementary school teacher, and kids themselves are rarely the problem), but as they become adults, people become more wrapped up in their own beliefs and close minded and it's more difficult to change these beliefs. As a result, most people have ridiculous food related beliefs and food has become a taboo subject on the same level as religion and politics in society. So, personally, when food topics come up, I either don't get involved or make random generic bullshit-ish comments. 

I guess my best advice is: don't say anything. Resent those around you for being foolish, but don't let them know how you feel. Just do your own thing, and keep getting progress... when others see it, it will speak for you better than words ever could.  




 Personally, I prefer the mental pain of being hungry over the days or even weeks of guilt that always follow eating good that I'm not supposed to. That's why I make my meals as filling and satisfying as possible, and if I'm hungry, I prefer to suffer from not giving in. Knowing that I stick to my goals and that I keep control of my life helps me be stronger mentally, so it's not too bad.  




 I think you can easily find one on your own with a quick Google search. But the best advice I can give you is to educate yourself on how to perform the main compound weight lifting exercises. Compound exercises are ones that use a lot of muscle groups at once, such as the squat, the deadlift, the bench/dumbell press, etc., and they are at the center of most HIIT style weight lifting routines, since they are quite effective for maximizing number of calories burned and muscular mass and strength gains.  




 Weight lifting is actually how I started losing weight many years ago. Now I do cardio as well, but for cardiovascular health. In my experience, HIIT style training (doing heavy compound exercises (squats, deadlifts, etc) with little rest), which is a form of training that combines weight lifting and cardio, combined with a caloric deficit, is the best and most efficient time way to lose weight. Your workouts are short but extremely intense, and no need to spend hours doing traditional cardio, such as running outside or on a treadmill. Also, this method of training boosts the metabolic rate of free fatty acid utilization, meaning you burn nutrients faster long after your workout, even at rest. 

Nowadays I do fasted morning cardio and lift weights 6-7 days a week, but mainly because I enjoy it. Fasted cardio is good at lower body fat percentages, to force the body to use body fat when it otherwise wouldn't since your stomach is empty. You can train everyday or every 2 days depending on how you do it, what mostly matters is diet and getting enough sleep. 



  




 Tom Platz was my motivation growing up as an aspiring bodybuilding teenager, and he still is!

Guy is a freaking legend!  




 If you drink alcohol and stay within your caloric intake, then it real makes no difference compared to ingesting nutrients. But the real problem with alcohol is that it makes being at a caloric surplus much, much worse than normal... The body sees alcohol as a poison that it must break down first, and the enzymes responsible for breaking down foods cannot do their job as usual because they are busy breaking down ethanol. In other words, your metabolism is disrupted, which results in a significant increase in the fat tissue uptake rate of triglycerides. Yep, alcohol is quite horrible for the body. :/ 




 I find that the removing unhealthy foods part is especially important, too. Of course if there's chocolate bars and ice cream in your house you're going to be tempted. But if there are none available, much easier to not eat them!  




 One way I stopped eating fast foods and other 'unhealthy' foods was removing all of such foods from my house and always buying and preparing my food for the entire week ahead of time. Sundays are my food prep days, and I take 3-4 hours of my day to recalculate my TDEE, make my caloric intake and nutrient breakdown for the week, make a list of food products, go to the grocery store, buy all those products, and then cook and weight all the food. And every single day of the week, from Monday to Sunday, I know what's going to be in every meal because that's what's been planned and there's literally nothing else to eat in the house. 

I also make sure to make meals that are tasty, satisfying to eat and fiber rich enough to avoid cravings, and use some food seasonings, such as calorie free sugar and calorie free spicy sauce. My diet tends to mostly be made up of white meat (chicken, tilapia, salmon, scallops), starchy vegetables (yam, squash, parsnips, peas, asparagus), oats, egg products (both whole eggs and liquid egg white) and some fiber rich fruits (raspberries, blackberries, apples).  




 I just don't think it's effective to maintain. You want your body to constantly grow and adapt, and maintaining homeostatic balance is the best to ensure this never happens anymore. Instead, you want your body to be in a state of perpetual shock, by being at either a deficit or a surplus all of the time. As someone who's interested in being both lean and muscular, that's my opinion anyway.  




 There is two reasons as to why society is becoming incredibly obese:

1) Genetic variances amongst individuals in various physiological processes, that is, hormones, hormonal relationships, neural pathways, etc;

2) Deeply rooted cultural practices that relate to eating behaviors.

Neither of these will change within our lifetimes. It will take long for societies to change their cultural practices, and considerably longer for our species to change its physiology in the face of the evolutionary mismatch that people's harmful life habits are nowadays. And by 'considerably longer' I mean possibly tens of thousands of years.

 




 I look down on the state of being overweight, because, from an evolutionary perspective, humans were never meant to store this many nutrients in adipose tissue. This adaptive trait was never meant to be taken to the harmful extent that it has been in recent history.  But I do not blame individuals, I blame society. As a kid, I was overweight, because I was ignorant, as are all humans when they are born, and there was no one to teach me. Growing up, I was lucky enough to learn and acquire knowledge on my own, and as a result I changed my life habits and got rid of all the excess triglycerides in my fat cells. 

Most laypeople do not even understand the basic principles behind the biochemistry of nutrients, and so they have no idea how or what to eat. In fact, most people don't even know what a nutrient is to begin with... Even worse, most people are not only ignorant, but also proud of their own ignorance. In my eyes, obesity is merely one of the many outcomes of that. Ignorance is a vicious circle; obese people who don't see the issues with their ways pass down their ignorance to their offspring, therefore also likely passing them their unfavorable genetic baggage in the process. This is the cycle of life. 

But there is nothing we can do. Widespread ignorance is, like I said, a vicious circle, and societies throughout history have not only failed to break it, but have also been victims of it. I don't worry, however, because I know that, in the long run, life will run its course as it always has; many generations of metabolically abnormal people will live on, until they are slowly and surely replaced by those whose physiology has adapted to today's ignorant eating habits. Until then, all we can do, the few of us who were lucky enough to learn, is watch as the masses are slowly killing themselves with their harmful life habits. 

 




 Yeah, my bad. I should have said cardio and resistance training, not weight lifting. My brain tends to associate resistance training with weight training, but weight lifting is merely one example of resistance training.  




 2lb per week is a 1000 daily calorie deficit. If you have a TDEE of 3500, you have a high weight with a low body fat percentage. Even people who have a high weight due to being morbidly obese do not have such a high TDEE.  




 In order to eat 2500 calories and stil lose 2lb a week, you would have to be insanely heavy and muscular. 1500 sounds much more realistic.  




 I suffer from hunger while thinking of how I can make my meals more satisfying the next day. Simple as that. I prefer enduring mental pain over going above my target caloric intake.  




 I think lifting weights is much more time efficient for weight loss than spending hours walking outside or on a treadmill. If you are so out of shape that walking is the only thing you can do, then like you said, you might as well skip exercising altogether and stick to eating less until you drop down to a weight that allows you to exercise more easily.  




 Glycemic index is inaccurate. You need to look at the glycemic load, which is the result of a formula that takes into account both how quickly a food is digested (a.k.a the glycemic index) and how much sugar it actually contains. To illustrate my point, if you base yourself on the GI alone, carrots appear unhealthy, because they are digested quickly, but in reality they are fairly healthy because very little sugar is actually digested. Lower glycemic load does not necessarily mean less sugar, although she obviously needs to cut down on foods that are rich in sugar and devoid of everything else, because those obviously have an insanely high glycemic load, since there is nothing to slow down the digestion of copious amounts of monosaccharides. But, for example, foods that are rich in sugar but also in dietary fibers (which slow down digestion), such as certain fruits, are completely fine. An example of a low glycemic load fruit is the strawberry.   




 Not necessarily, but yes, it can involve supersets.  




 HIIT is basically weight lifting and cardio combined. You lift weights, but at a high pace, and with lots of volume and little rest. It doesn't have to be 'insanely hard', and it can definitely be adapted to one's own physical abilities.  




 Nice! Congratulations! 




 You don't really to cut sugar down. You need to cut calories down, rather. Also, diabetics and people with related metabolic abnormalities do not need to refrain from eating sugar. But their body cannot metabolize glucose normally due to improper insulin response, and the outcome of that is what's dangerous, so they need to watch how their body responds to sugar ingestion more carefully. Also, you need to realize that, just like you controlled your own destiny by getting there, you can also control it to start from where you are and reach a healthier destination. Diabetes is likely caused by a mix of unfavorable genetic baggage and insulin resistance developed as a result of prolonged periods of being at positive caloric balance and eating high glycemic load foods. But it can definitely be controlled by eating a well balanced diet and exercising regularly. Your destiny is still very much in your own hands.  




 Lifting weights with your arms will not 'tone' your arm fat. Losing body fat will tone your arm fat, along with fat proportionally on the rest of your body. And it doesn't matter if you're eating 'healthier' or not, eating 'healthier' will only help you lose weight insofar as it puts you at a daily caloric deficit, just like exercising. You could do no exercise whatsoever and eat only junk food, and if you end everyday with a negative energy balance, you will lose weight. I'm not saying don't exercise or eat junk food, but my point is that caloric intake is mostly what matters. Also, there is no such thing as 'healthy' and 'unhealthy', because nutrients on their own are harmless. Rather, it's about the overall nutrient choices. Sorry if I come off as rude, but the whole healthy/unhealthy thing is, from a scientific perspective, meaningless bullshit that society has been trying to shove down people's throats in recent years.  




 Going vegetarian for ethical reasons and to protest against what our society is doing nowadays with animals, I can understand. But for weight loss, it's absolutely pointless. If anything, you're making it harder on yourself, because proteins and fats are most easily found in meat/animal food products. In order to lose weight, you need a caloric deficit and a well balanced diet of proteins, carbohydrates, fats and micro nutrients, and where you get those from is largely irrelevant. I applaud you for your weight loss, but you didn't lose weight because you 'went vegetarian', but rather because, like I said, you went on a daily caloric deficit and had a diet that prevented you from being too hungry. 

It's nice to share your achievements as a means of helping others, but it's less nice to try and spread ignorance in the process.  




 If I had to choose between cardio and weight lifting for weight loss, I would choose the latter. In my experience HIIT style training is the absolute best way to lose weight and by far. When I started losing weight, I was just eating a daily caloric deficit and doing heavy compound HIIT training (squats, deadlifts, etc, with high volume and little rest), and no 'traditional' cardio, and I lost over 40 pounds. Now I do cardio, but I do it mainly for - you won't believe it - cardiovascular health, and also because, when you have low body fat, doing cardio on a empty stomach increases your metabolism's free fatty acid utilization rate quite significantly.  




 Define 'fast food'...  




 This depends on many factors. 

Not all foods are digested at the same speed. Not all forms of physical activity use the same sources of energy and at the same rate. For the average person, though, it won't make a huge difference, and if your goal is merely to reduce body fat percentage, it's more important in the long run to slowly but surely reduce daily caloric intake. Sure, though, you are definitely correct in that most people do not have the same energy requirements everyday,  and this is partly why their weight tends to fluctuate from one day to another. But if they consistently eat less, then ultimately they still lose weight as you already know.  




 Yes it does. Not all macro nutrients are processed the same. If you're at an even or negative energy balance, nothing gets stored as adipose tissue. However, composition still matters, because your body needs proteins, fats and either fats or carbohydrates in order to survive. Amino acids are needed for various vital processes, fats are needed for your brain, and either fats or carbohydrates are needed in order for ATP to be produced via the tricarboxylic acid cycle. To that end, the body prefers carbohydrates, but if it has none, it can use free fatty acids via ketosis or transform amino acids into glucose via gluconeogenesis. 

If you're at a positive balance, that's where the fun begins. Excess fats are directly stored in the adipocytes, thereby increasing the production of leptin and other adipokines, making you hungrier over time. Excess carbohydrates are not directly stored obviously, but they still indirectly increase adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides, because they are the preferred source of energy. Proteins, on the other hand, do not significantly increase adipose tissue storage, even though the conversion pathway does exist (for example, via gluconeogenesis). However, if you eat lots of dietary proteins, no carbohydrates and little dietary fats, some of the excess proteins will be converted to glucose, like I've said, so the outcome might be the same as eating some carbohydrates, although that's not something I'm 100% sure about and more research needs to be done from what I've read.

Also, when it comes to carbohydrates and proteins, not all sources are equal. 

Firstly, low glycemic load carbohydrate foods will make you feel 'full' longer, since ghrelin, the hormone that makes you hungry, starts being produced once your stomach has been emptied out. Also, high glycemic load foods, particularly those rich in monosaccharide sugars and low in dietary fibers, create a greater insulin response. Combine this with a caloric surplus, and you get a vicious circle of insulin and leptin resistance that makes people fatter and hungrier over time. This is because, like I said, insulin 'drives' nutrients into the system at a faster speed, thereby increasing adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides. In turn, since leptin is an adipokine (which means it's produced from adipose tissue), its production is increased; the more leptin is in your body, and the more your body becomes resistant to its effects. In other words, if you're at a positive balance, then the more insulin you have and the more leptin you have as well, and therefore the hungrier you also become as well, and with this you get a full-circle effect that promotes obesity, diabetes and other metabolic diseases. 

Secondly, not all sources of dietary proteins are equal, by far. Animal/meat proteins have an amino acid profile that  is less conductive to the production of the signalling protein Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) than that of dairy proteins and vice versa. IGF-1 is a signalling protein that does basically the same thing as insulin. Also, animal/meat proteins tend to have a lower glycemic load, since dairy foods also more often contain monosaccharide sugars (such as milk), which promotes a greater insulin response, like I've discussed above.  




 I would not be able to tell you, I have never read this book. It does sound interesting though.  




 The mistake you're making is thinking of it as a 'diet', as something that you must force yourself to do. There is no beginning or restarting. It's a way of living, the way everyone should live. From an evolutionary perspective, we, humans, were not made to be sedentary or to eat a large supply of foods that are extremely rewarding to the brain but devoid of nutritional value. Also, calling it 'eating healthy' is inherently wrong, because it implies that there is something else, that there is such a thing as 'healthy' and 'unhealthy'; there isn't, because nutrients on their own are harmless. It's about being active, having an appropriate caloric intake for your level of activity and making nutrient choices that will keep you hunger free so you can lose weight at a steady pace. There is no doing this 'on and off'. Either you realize that your way of living is wrong and you change it permanently, or you don't and you stay the same person.  




 Check the FAQ/Wiki...  




 Keep your caloric intake the same, but increase your carbohydrate intake IMHO. Carbohydrates are the main nutrient that is correlated with leptin serum production. Leptin is a adipokine (adipose tissue) signalling protein that counters the effects of the endocannabinoid system in the brain, which is made up of different THC-like compounds that increase ghrelin serum production (thereby increasing appetite) and slow down metabolism. This is why a lot of athletes and fitness celebrities who are concerned with body fat percentage cycle their carbohydrate intake. After a long period of caloric and carbohydrate intake restriction, leptin production is lower, making it hard to keep body fat %age low. 

edit : by carbohydrates I mean starchy carbohydrates with a low glycemic load, not sugars.  




 Also, just to clarify, the fat that comes from food takes two forms in the body: free fatty acids and triglycerides. At the end of digestion, dietary fats are converted to free fatty acids, and then used by the metabolism to produce energy. However, if you eat in surplus, excess fats will be converted to triglycerides. Then, because triglycerides aren't water-soluble (meaning they can't travel through the bloodstream), they will be combined with other compounds to form lipoproteins. Lipoproteins will in turn travel through the bloodstream until they reach the fat cells, where the triglycerides will be 'released' and then stored. When you 'burn fat', the opposite happens: the fat cells release triglycerides, which are converted to free fatty acids and then used for energy by the metabolism. So, in short, when I say triglycerides, I simply mean stored fat.  




 A calorie isn't 'just' a calorie. Fats are directly stored as fat, whereas carbohydrates indirectly increase fat storage, because carbs are burned before fat to produce energy, if you eat more calories than you need. So, both fats and carbs will lead to more fat storage if you eat in surplus. On the other hand, some studies show that proteins never get stored as fat, even if you eat in surplus. Does that make sense?  









 A lot of people believe that all calories are the same regardless of nutrient source. But my review of the literature has told me differently. Maybe fats and carbohydrates end up having the same impact on energy balance, but a lot of studies have found in recent years that the pathway for conversion of proteins to triglycerides almost never happens, even while on a fairly large caloric surplus. For example, in a randomized control trial by [Bray et al (2012)](http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1103993), healthy human subjects didn't undergo a significant increase in adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides even though they were on a 1000 calorie surplus from dietary proteins. I'm not saying the pathway doesn't exist. For example, certain amino acids can be converted to glucose via gluconeogenesis (the process by which proteins are converted to carbohydrates), and then to triglycerides, but in reality this never happens. Most excess proteins actually seem to be excreted out as urea in the urea cycle via the body's main metabolic pathway.  









 The LDL cholesterol, due to its low density, can 'crawl' underneath the blood vessels and, over time, block arteries. On the other hand, the HDL cholesterol is too big to crawl underneath anything, it just floats its way through the bloodstream and pick up the LDL cholesterol along the way.  




 What supplements do you guys use for blood pressure and cholesterol when on cycle? I know of red yeast rice, sytrinol and Co-enzyme Q10.  









 My job of choice is teaching, but I secretly dream of one day making it big into the competitive bodybuilding scene. Training and eating all day every day for a living would be a hell of a lifestyle, I mean it's already what I do but getting paid for it would be a dream come true.  




 IMO it's Elite Tauren Chieftain. It's seldom seen, yet it's arguably one of the most versatile legendary cards in the game. Also, it can quickly turn into either one of the best or one of the most useless cards in the game based on the power chord it gives you and what that power chord gives you.  




 Yeah I've noticed that more girls seem to want that than guys. My university's Faculty of Education is 95% girls... I'm literally the only guy in half of my classes.  









 I have been posting everyday since day 1, I think. I'm 21 year old, I live in Montreal, Canada. I'm currently studying, having recently completed the first year of my double major in Education and Biochemistry. In the future, I would also like to study Pharmacology if I have the time, as I took a Drug Action course in my first semester and it was one of the most interesting ones I ever had. I plan on becoming either a language or science teacher... I could teach French, English, Spanish, or some generic Science class. In all cases, whatever my day job ends up being, I hope it allows me to travel and see the world! 




 I only feel slightly nauseous because of how insanely difficult it actually is. And I don't know why it happened, but I was properly fed, hydrated and rested, so I didn't feel like I was endangering myself.  




 Good luck to you, friend... I managed to get rid of sugar rich foods completely, but it was hard, especially the first month... Then it got easier and now I'm mostly craving free! So it's definitely possible, but prepare to be head strong! No easy way out in life!! 




 This is just basic science. When you are at either caloric maintenance or deficit, all the nutrients get used in the main metabolic pathway in order to produce ATP. But if you eat in surplus, what happens? The excess nutrients get stored as triglycerides in adipose tissue, causing fat cells to grow and, eventually, proliferate. You don't need a source for such a common fact.  




 Doesn't matter where you're at in your journey, simply seeing progress in the mirror is the best reward IMO.  




 When I was younger I used to ask myself 'what happens to the fat cells once you lose the fat?'

Later I learned, the adipocytes (fat cells) never go away, they just shrink down. In fact, white adipocytes will grow 4 times their original size, and then they will divide and the absolute number in your body will be permanently increased. 

I was talking about this with one of my instructors the other day. He said, not only are shrinked down cells waiting to be filled back up (meaning it's easier to re-gain the lost fat), but also, the more fat cells you have, and the more adipokines your body produces, even if those cells are shrinked down to the smallest size. Adipokines are basically hormones made by your body from adipose tissue (stored fat), such as leptin.

This means that, even if you become very fit, once you've been fat, the way your body works is changed forever... 

One more motivation to make sure my future children never go through what I did. 

 




 Actually, if you want your abs to be extremely visible, you simply need to have a low body fat (10% for men, 15-17% for women) and then to slowly reduce your water and sodium intakes over multiple days.  




 Looking at myself in the mirror every morning, what I see is the best reward. No need for anything else.  




 I don't know how people find such foods tasty to be honest. Personally, I find donuts and other sugar rich products disgusting to eat. Just too much sugar.  




 The problem with 'putting your life on pause until you've attained your desired look' is, once said look is in fact attained, you often find yourself getting back to reality with the exact same life issues as when you were overweight. I am speaking from personal experience. Going for unhealthy/obese to aesthetic looking is no doubt a life-changing thing, but it doesn't solve everything. Don't put your life on hold for weight loss, instead, make it a part of your life.  




 I buy it from a 'natural products' supermarket near where I live. Some of the things they have are healthy, some sadly aren't, and they have some products that are expensive and which you can also find for cheaper at a regular supermarket, but this 'sugar' isn't one of them... I haven't found this anywhere else except on the internet. Some specialized websites sell it. Basically, it's made by adding extract from Monk Fruits (a fruit that grows in Southern China, also known as luo han guo) to a sugar polyalcohol known as (2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol. You can buy both of these things individually online.  




 Today I've been on a high carb, high protein low fat diet. My muscles have been very flat for multiple days of no carbs in a row and I'm trying to get some fullness back. 

Today's diet looked like this:

Post fasted morning cardio meal:

 640 calorie homemade chocolate pancakes, made with oats, low sodium low fat cottage cheese, chocolate flavoured soybean protein powder, and egg whites

Mid workout meal: 300 calorie protein bar, 30p 30c (10 fibers), 6f

Post-workout meal:

700 calories, extra lean ground chicken, scallops, yam with some spinach and asparagus

Chocolate pancakes using this recipe are definitely one of my favorite foods, it's healthy, tasty and filling. Rich in fibers, low in fat, high in proteins and carbs. I also like to eat them with Lakanto on top; Lakanto means 'sweet plant' in Japanese and is a sugar alternative that contains 0 calories. 
 




 This is also one of the upsides of living an active lifestyle. If you train hard everyday, your TDEE becomes so high and your metabolism so much more efficient that you can eat a lot more and a lot more variety for the same weight loss outcome. But becoming healthy is very much a double edged sword, because the deeper you engulf yourself into a healthy lifestyle, and the more you also become alienated from society as you come to realize that most people, unlike you, are unhealthy and ignorant. It took me many years to overcome the other edge of that sword... When I was younger, I used to be extremely arrogant and to look down on other people, whom I used to refer to as 'laypeople'. But over time, I've learned to think and care less, because you can't live a life in which you hate everyone around you, it's a foolproof way to become depressed and isolated, which is what you were trying to overcome by becoming healthier to begin with.  




 Amazing! I feel the same way as you. When I was overweight, I felt depressed, hopeless, future-less... But as my life became healthier and my body changed, I started becoming increasingly happier. Maybe there's something wrong about correlating your happiness and sense of self worth to your physical appearance, but at least we're happy and that'll always be better than feeling like crap when you look at yourself in the mirror. 




 I think at some point you just have to be strong and tell yourself 'this is where it ends!'

Many years ago, I decided to completely stop eating processed foods that are rich in sugar. And the first drastic step I took back then was to remove all such foods from my house. But even then, it was hard. For the first month, I would constantly walk around the house, desperately looking for something that I might have forgotten to get rid of. I used to refer to this month of my life as 'the month of great darkness'. But then something amazing happened: the cravings went away completely. I was genuinely satisfied with meat and starchy vegetables. And the desire to eat sugar rich foods never came back and I've been steadily losing weight ever since. So the thing you have to get from this is, changing your diet takes time, and you have to be patient. It's definitely going to be one of the hardest things and you're going to suffer, or at least I did. But in the long run it will be worth it... seeing your body change before your eyes is one of the greatest feelings I have ever experienced.  




 I am pretty much in your situation. Was obese as a teen, now I'm at 12-13% and trying to get down to 10%. I tend to avoid fruits and get my micro nutrients from starchy vegetables and multivitamin supplements instead. The main reasons for this is because I don't find that fruits fill me up that much, even the fiber rich ones, and also because anything that contains simple sugars is very more ish for me. I've been using Ephedrine, caffeine citrate and austinine's weight loss supplement stack along with fasted cardio to cut down. I've tried Clenbuterol for a while, but the side effects became a pain in the arse after a while.  Diet wise, I alternate between high protein low fat high carb and high protein low fat low carb days because I like alternating between the more 'full' and the more 'ripped' looks.  




 All true.  




 Yep, I'm pretty sure that's the main reason this works.  




 For me, it takes about 20 hours a week, which is not a lot of time really. I prep all my meals for the weeks on Sunday, which takes about 3 hours. I usually do an hour to an hour and twenty minutes of weight lifting, and 40 min of cardio daily, 7 days of week. 7 x 2 = 14 hours. Add to that the 20 min of bicycle that it takes me to get to the gym and back, and the 10 min that it takes me to take a shower and change clothes. 7 x 0.5 = 3.5 hours. 14 + 3 + 3.5 = 20.5 hours but sometimes I take a day off so it takes 20 hours of my week on average, which is not a whole lot.   




 Has anybody else been having success with this? I've been doing this for a while, and it seems to work.

Whenever I'm not satisfied with how vascular I look, I keep my caloric intake constant while dropping my carb intake, from something to 40% proteins 40% carbs 20% fats to 70-75% proteins 5-10% carbs 20% fats over a couple days. And when I find that my muscles have become too 'flat', I increase back in carb intake. This is only anecdotal evidence, but I find that I usually get the best mix of size and vascularity when I increase to around 50/30/20% up from 5-10% carbs.  




 Hard to say if you're doing something wrong based on the information you're providing, but even if you're on the deficit that you say you are, weight loss takes time. This is only anecdotal evidence, but for me, it comes in peaks. I'll be at the same weight for a couple weeks in a row despite being on a deficit every single day and then after a 2-3 weeks, boom, I'll have dropped a pound. I'm at a fairly low body fat too, so it might be more than just a pound for you. In all cases, be patient.  









 Explain your situation to her. She's your mom after all, so she should understand.

Also, you can buy a small portable food scale.  




 The number of calories that you actually ingest is probably insignificant, especially since fruits are not very caloric to begin with...  




 Well, they contain literally nothing but sugar. For example, Wendy's Small Honest Tropical Green Tea contains 60 calories, 100% of which come from sugar, since it contains 15g of it. Imagine taking a large spoon, putting 15g of table sugar in it and eating that table sugar... There you go, you just drank Wendy's Small Honest Tropical Green Tea.  




 How much of a daily caloric deficit you can sustain without losing muscle class depends on your body fat %age. If you are at 20% or more, you can easily sustain a 800 or even 1000 caloric deficit without any downsides. The 'lack of energy' that you're experiencing is more likely to be due to poor nutrient choices. If you eat meals that are satisfying to eat, and that are rich in fibers, in proteins and in low GI carbohydrates throughout the day, there should be no such thing IMO.  




 I don't think you realize how complex this is. You cannot answer that question based on caloric intake alone, like I said. Generally, though, I think you should eat more on the days that you are more physically active, and less on the days you are less active. Besides that, the research on meal timing is controversial... there is no definitive answer like you're looking for.  




 You don't 'lose the discipline to stop eating'. I mean, sure, the absence of inhibition might play a role, but what mainly happens is that it lowers blood sugar level, causing you to want to eat more, even though no energy is actually being produced, since ethanol is empty of nutrients. This is generally why nights of going out and drinking are concluded at McDonalds. If you take into account that it increases adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides (since the enzymes responsible for breaking down food are busy breaking down ethanol instead), and also that when people drink they generally end up being at a positive energy balance in the process, you can easily see how people who drink at all are generally fatter than those who don't. Alcohol is definitely harmful to the body and has no conclusive health benefits even in small quantities, and so it should be avoided altogether, IMO. It's especially horrible for athletes and physically active individuals, since it also disrupts natural synthesis of various muscle-building hormones (testosterone, growth hormone, etc) and causes dehydration.  




 That question is impossible to answer based on the information you're providing. Nutrient utilization depends on your when you're eating what versus your metabolic needs at various moments throughout the day. Not all nutrients will be digested at the same speed, and not all nutrients will be used and stored as fat the same way either. If you eat 400 calories right after exercising, those calories will not be treated by your body the same way than if you're eating them right before going to bed and after a day of being inactive. Similarly, if you eat 400 calories of fast-digesting carbohydrates, those calories will definitely not be treated the same way than if you're eating 400 calories of meat. 




 Eat them post-workout. Simple sugars are normally digested extremely quickly, meaning they create a greater insulin response, causing them to be 'driven' into your system at an extremely fast rate. Since your body can only use up so much at once, a big percentage of them cannot be used by the body to produce ATP, and is instead stored as fat. However, post-workout there is something that happens and which is known as the post-exercise insulin effect; your body, in order to recover, needs more energy than usual, and so creating an insulin response that is greater than usual is actually beneficial. This is why I personally never eat sugar except post-workout.  




 It's called excess post-exercise oxygen consumption, also coloquially known as *the afterburn effect*. 

Basically, in order to recover from exercise, your body uses up a lot of oxygen, which causes you to end up being at an 'oxygen deficit'. In order to make up for that deficit, your body must performs many physiological processes, all of which require Adenonine triphosphate (ATP), the body's intracellular unit of energy, or in other words, what allows humans to live. How is ATP produced? Via the body's main metabolic pathway, the tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA). As the nutrients (proteins, carbs, fats) that you ingest are transformed in the TCA, a transport chain of electrons is created, and the final result of that chain is ATP.  

When you exercise, your body heats up. This is simply because, when your exercise, more ATP needs to be produced in order to keep you alive. Because ATP is being produced at a fast rate, the mitochondria of the cells heat up, causing an increase in body temperature. This leads to a full-circle effect that causes the body to burn nutrients at a faster than normal rate, because more ATP is also needed in order to release the extra heat as sweat so that thermal homeostatis can be maintained. 

This also happens post-workout... All the processes that the body must undergo in order to 'replenish' oxygen require more ATP as well, causing the body to use up nutrients at a faster than normal rate. 

What does this mean, simply put? Anaerobic exercise (short-term high intensity exercise) causes your metabolism to burn calories at a faster than normal rate, both during and **after** exercise. In fact, studies have found that athletes tend to burn calories faster for up to 48 hours after anaerobic exercise, and that the magnitude and length of the effect seem to be positively correlated with the duration and intensity of the exercise. This explains why HIIT style training might be the best form of exercise for weight loss. 

This is also why I personally perform compound weight lifting exercises everyday. Compound exercises are simply ones that involve many muscle groups at once, such as deadlifts, squats and clean   presses. As I've explained, they will cause a significant metabolic increase both during and many hours after workout. Also, over time and with proper nutrition, they will cause an increase in muscular tissue, which increases metabolism as well, simply because ATP is needed to create and maintain muscular tissue, and therefore, the more tissue you have and the more ATP you need in order to survive. 

 If you perform compound weight lifting exercises daily, you are burning calories at a faster than normal rate literally all of the time, even when you are sleeping. 

 


 




 Well I didn't stop. Just went to my locker and had a snack. :p 




 Today was back/arms/hamstrings/calves/abs day. I usually only hit back and arms, but I missed a leg day this week, so I had to make up for it. I did the following:

Barbell deadlifts 5x8
 
Leg presses for hamstrings 4x12 

Stiff leg deadlifts 4x10

Smith machine calf presses 4x10

Sitting calf presses 4x10, squeezing hard at the top

This was the first part. Then I had one small workout meal, 300 calories, 20g proteins, 35g carbs, 10g fat. Then I went for part 2:

Weighted pullups 1x10 and 3x7, making sure I keep the form strict

Close arm bench rows 4x10

Concentration curls 4x10 per arm

Strict barbell curls 4x8

Weighted decline situps 3x10

Weighted hanging leg raises 3x12

20 min of elleptical machine

20 min of Stairmaster machine

Then I had a 600 calorie meal:

Lean ground beef for the proteins and fat, salmon for the proteins, fat and omega-3, yam for the starches, 2 medium bananas for the potassium and the post-workout insulin spike.












 




 Also, Etho. His channel is one of the most family friendly ones I've ever watched. I've never heard him swear or say a single obscenity, and I've been watching him since the begining.  









 I'm not the OP, but no need for cheat meals. You can count your calories and eat meals that are healty, filling and still very tasty. No need for things like pizza, ice cream, chocolate bars, etc., when there are so many things that are healthier and just as satisfying to eat. You can also use 0 calorie sugar and salt (in moderation) to season your meals.  




 Thank you!  




 Woke up 1 lb lighter today, down to 179 from 180. I am getting super lean and closer to 10%. I took a day off from both morning cardio and weight lifting yesterday, but I kept my caloric intake very low, avoided high GI and high sodium foods and have been scaling down my water intake over the last couple days, which has helped tremendously. For me, the pain of not giving in to my food urges is far outweighed by the feeling I get when I look at myself in the mirror when I wake up and get to see not only how lean and vascular I am, but also, most importantly, how incredibly far I am from my fat and depressed teenager days. Pizza and ice cream used to be my favorite 'cheat meals', and today I haven't had either in exactly 7 months; I know because I've marked down every single day on a calendar. I am going to attend my first Physique show ever in November, and I'm already hyped up for that. At the age of 22 (I'm currently 21), it's going to be my first time ever on a stage. I am sooooo excited!  




 This will be 100% automatic as long as you have bonemeal. Change your mouse button to a keybind, and put something heavy on it. It's now fully automatic.  




 Yeah I know one day means nothing in the long run. But I was fat throughout all of my childhood, so now I have this irrational fear that I'll lose my muscle mass and that my abs will get replaced by a belly whenever I don't exercise. I know it's merely psychological, but it takes a huge toll on me at times, like today.  




 It doesn't matter. Yes the Wither will lose focus on the Iron Golem and Villager, but if there are no other mobs when the chunk loads, he will instantly gain focus of them again.  




 Today was a shitty day... Had sleeping problems last night, ended up sleeping only 6 hours, couldn't train because I felt too tired. I kept my caloric and carb intakes low. Had 3 small 500 calorie meals throughout the day. Blueberries with 1 egg and some liquid egg white in the morning, extra lean ground chicken with red beans, raw almonds and broccoli for dinner, and some salmon with asparagus for supper.  




 This was built on my friend's private vanilla server. I was AFK there for multiple hours, and assuming no mob spawns or walks into the area, it will never break. 

Here are the designs used:

1. [Tree compressor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoBPh7Sz8WU)

2. [Wither cage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqYa--dJMYA)

The double chest of wood represents about 2 hours of being AFK at the farm.  














 I don't think it's within my grasp to help you, as there is so much to say... You need to do your own research. But what I can tell you is that it's not just a matter of being weak minded. There is an hormone in your body known as leptin and of which the main purpose is to suppress appetite. That hormone, however, is produced by your body's fat cells and so, the more fat you have, the more leptin is produced by your body. When you produce too much leptin, your body becomes leptin resistant, meaning it no longer suppresses your appetite as well as it does in physiologically normal individuals. You might have accumulated so much adipose tissue that it's become physically impossible for you properly control your urge to ingest foods. So, if I was you, I would seek medical help. This is not something that you can solve simply by being 'strong minded'. That's just my humble opinion, though, and I am no doctor.  




 I don't eat that kind of food... But that's because I would rather suffer mentally from not eating a pizza than experience a slight outburst of satisfaction from eating it that would be instantly followed by days of mental pain from the guilt of having deviated from my target caloric intake... Not saying it's healthy for the mind, but if you want to accomplish things that others don't, you need to be prepared to make sacrifices that others won't. No easy way out in life! 









 Nice! Can't wait to see it! 




 Blackrock Foundry, Blackrock Mountain, etc., yes. :P 




 This one is pretty much flawless, in that it doesn't miss any leaves. The only thing that you could improve at this point and that I can think of is speed, in other words making it even faster, if that's possible. I could be wrong though.  




 I tried with both obsidian and furnaces, but it doesn't work, the logs get pushed into another direction and end up messing up some redstone and/or pistons.  




 [There you go.](http://www.filedropper.com/withertestworld)

I copied the whole thing from the original world with MCedit and put it into a test world, otherwise it would take forever to download. Also, I made a small mistake in my explanation, it's the bottom layer of pistons that needs to be removed, not the top one, because I previously lowered the entire Wither cage by one block, and now the top layer does get destroyed by the Wither, but not the bottom one.  




 I recalled right after posting this, too bad you can't edit the title.  




 They would be. Basically, I just don't know how to convert it from 9 to 6 without messing up all the pistons.  




 [Here's some more pictures.](http://imgur.com/a/DXD2E)

Does this help? 




 It's far from finished. I've just done the entrance and the first room. But I will release it eventually when it's complete enough to my taste.  




 Bad things.  




 I don't know if you guys can see what's going on here, but basically, this contraption compresses the wood logs into a '3x3' shape. This is problematic because the Wither doesn't destroy the upper layer, and this layer causes to block the Wither's view of the Iron Golem, thus breaking the Wither 'cage'. I'm trying to modify this contraption so that this 3x3 box becomes a 2x3 one without the top layer.  














 I managed to do 10 strict form weighted pullups today! I was never able to do that many when on a caloric deficit in the past! Guess I somehow got stronger!! 




 lol that attention mistake though...  




 For oak trees, the ceiling above the dirt block where the trees grow is lowered using a piston and a slime block. For acacia trees, the compression system simply goes off twice, getting rid of the odd block it misses on the first time when it activates again.  









 The problem with losing weight rapidly is you spend a LOT of money on clothes haha! I feel you. It's a good feeling though.  




 Awesome! 









 Sure, I'd love to join! I'm from Canada (Quebec). I'm 21 year old. My weight loss journey started about 6 years ago. I started at 250lb, and I am currently at 180 with 12-13% body fat. My goal is to lose another 5 pounds and get to 10% while maintaining muscular mass and strength as much as possible.  




 Yes, indeed, it continues to work as a stimulant even after the appetite suppressing effects go away in my experience, and it might also have slight metabolic boosting effects, however minimal they are.  




 I don't know if you guys know this, but there's a fruit that grows in Southern China and which is known as *Siraitia grosvenorii*. If you add extract from that fruit to a carbohydrate derivative known as D-threitol or (2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol (which can be purchased from various research chemical websites), the result is a beige grain-ish substance that looks and tastes very much like sugar but contains almost literally 0 calories, only polyhydric alcohol, which contains about 0.1 calories per gram. You can use that substance in recipes that demand sugar, any desert, protein cake, etc.

(2R,3S)-butane-1,2,3,4-tetraol is basically a sugar that is found in certain foods (such as pears) and then fermented in corn using a technique known as enzymatic hydrolysis, in which molecule bonds are cleaved with the help of oxygen and hydrogen. 

I use this substance combined with pure carob powder and chocolate pea protein powder to make a chocolate cake that contains as little as 130 calories per serving. You can also add oats to get something that is low in calories and fats, and rich in proteins and dietary fibers, thus making it extremely filling and rewarding to eat. You can also make a LOT of other things with it, since it's basically a sugar substitute. 




 This is actually true. It's not been demonstrated that well in humans, but in gorillas, when one male is about to replace the current silverback and become one himself, he usually experiences a drastic increase in testosterone that both influences and is influenced by his body posture and behavior. 

For example, [check this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9294641). 




 Yeah, I could easily go the drug route, but I'm still young (21), and I want to prove to myself that I can do it all naturally before I start using any body enhancement methods. And yes, I will further reduce my caloric intake slightly in the near future to see what it does.  




 Hey, thanks for the reply! Yeah, I will definitely cut down my water intake when I prepare for my first posing comp, that might just do it. I'm also already using EC, in fact I have been for a while, and it doesn't really affect my appetite anymore but I'm still using it for the presumed metabolic effects based on the scientific literature I've read. I've also used Clenbuterol HCL for a while, but it didn't seem to do that much of a difference and the side effects were rather harsh for me, so I stopped.  




 When I started my journey, I was 15 year old and at about 30% body fat (as confirmed by my family doctor at the time). 6 years later, I'm at about 12-13% (I know because my abs are fairly visible) and trying to lose the last 2-3% that I need in order to get to 10%, but it's so hard. I've been exercising 7 days a week, lifting weights 5 days, doing 40 min of fasted morning cardio daily, keeping a daily 700 calorie deficit, keeping my carbohydrate intake low most of the time... And yet, those last few bits of fat just don't seem to want to go away. 

I know it's going to happen someday, even naturally, but it's so hard, and I'm finding it hard to remain motivated lately... Wondering if I'm ever going to reach my goal? Over the years I've learned that what can be one of your worst enemies is doubt -  doubting yourself even though there's a part of you that knows very well you're doing everything right and that all that's left to do is being patient.

Those of you who finally reached the magic fully-visible-abs number of 10, how did you finally get there? How was your journey? I would love to hear some motivational stories right now.  







































 Just received a free sample (2g) of this from a company based in Eastern Europe that I often order from.

It's labelled as follows: *Yellow Horned Poppy Extract, 98.9%. Pain relieving supplement that lowers blood pressure and produces mild hallucinogenic effects*

Couldn't find much information on Google. Not sure if I want to try this. 
 














 This might seem like common knowledge, but in all these years I had never realized that the 'lying End of Ender' texture was an integral part of the block itself, and not an addition on top of the block. In other words, End Portal blocks are 7/8th of regular blocks until right clicked with an Eye of Ender.  









 Does such a command exist?  









 Actually, if you have really low body fat (sub 15% for guys, sub 20% for girls), doing fasted cardio might help you get rid of the 'stubborn fat', but otherwise, nope, there isn't.  




 Fasted cardio if you have low (sub 15%) adipose tissue, regular post-workout cardio for everybody else IMO. This is due to the reduced effectiveness of fatty acid metabolism and higher substrate utilization in highly trained, low-adipose tissue athletes. When you have little stored fat, your body becomes less 'lenient' to release its own fat as free fatty acids in order to produce ATP, but in a low-insulin   low-glucose environment, it has no other choice than to do so. Also, in some studies that I've seen, high endurance sports athletes (such as runners) are actually shown to have improved fatty acid metabolism in a low glucose environment, but this has never been shown to be the case in laypeople, even though there is some evidence that it does promote fatty acid metabolism in general.  




 Whoa man, this got deep quickly.  




 Also, this post is tagged as Creative but you can totally do this in Survival mode!  




 Possibly, but I prefer using fire because the smoke that emanates from underneath the cauldron as a result makes it look like the water is being heated up.  




 In my experience, it's theoretically impossible to get to this point because a) after a while, the effects just become so intense that you don't feel the need to ingest any more, and b) because, after a while, it just stops having an effect altogether, no matter how much you ingest, and you just have to wait a while before using it again.  




 I placed a Netherrack block underneath the cauldron, lit it up with a flint and steel, then placed a cauldron above. Then I filled it with water using a bucket, and emptied half of its content using a glass bottle.  




 Yes, and they have surprisingly low neurotoxicity, lower than that of ethanol and antidepressants. The LD50 is 3 times that of caffeine in healthy rodents!    




 I have a family relative who lives in a small South American town where they are grown naturally and used as part of the daily spiritual life by the natives who live in the area. He has access to a fairly large supply of various mushroom species and often sends me some. It takes a trained eye to spot the psychadelic ones in the wilderness, though, because psilocybin mushrooms are part of a huge family of mushrooms not all of which are comestible let alone psychoactive.  




 Nope, strangely enough, I've never had any gym-related hallucinations, which is a tad disappointing. I can't wait for the day it will finally happen!  




 I don't like alcohol, because it's empty calories, and I hate to have to reduce my caloric intake throughout the day just because I plan to be drinking down a 600 calories of alcohol at night. Also, alcohol dehydrates, reduces the production of various muscle-building hormones, increases fat storage, and lowers blood sugar level.

I don't like THC either, because, although it's not nearly as bad for your health as alcohol, it makes me hungry. This makes sense, because it mimics the effects of the endocannabinoid system in the brain, which is far from optimal when I'm either cutting or lean bulking (which I'm doing all year long). 

On the other hand, psilocybin mushrooms contain nearly no calories, are actually packed with certain vitamins, don't affect my physical health or make me want to ingest food, and I've always had vastly pleasurable psychadelic experiences using them, even with low doses. Also, while they don't take away hunger, I usually don't feel the need to eat while using them, because I'm too busy observing the world around me and feeling weirdly pleasurable sensations throughout my body. And it's always better than stimulant drugs, which, while they do take care of hunger, can also have a plethora of adverse effects at high doses, such as heart palpitations, tremors, and the inability to fall asleep at night. 

With psilocybin, I've never had any such things. The visual experience is always positive, and slowly fades away progressively, leaving me with a profound sense of well-being and inspiring hope as it does. 




























































 





























