 I'm a contractor. I can lie about being sick anytime and not get paid for it.  




 And a butt!  




 Your mom doesn't call because she knows you touch yourself.  




 Excellent!  I have 37 new bond ideas the Austin taxpayer will happily pay for before they have any idea what it actually does.  




 It started with his love of bracelets.  Then he built a career around it.  




 I think you've had enough carbs for today. Don't you?  




 At Walgreens I found Phillips Colon Health with a 1.5 billion cell blend of L Gasseri KS-13, bifodobacterium bifidum G9-1 and bifodobacterium longum  MM-2. 

Does that sound sufficient?  




 Wow.  You'd better have a little talk with your manager and find out where all that electricity comes from that you plug your little computer into.  (Lots of it is coal.)  Also, that chair you're sitting in isn't manufactured by wind energy.  Those lights above you?  I have some bad news about the manufacturing process.

You want the technology but don't want to think about where all the energy required to produce it originates from.  But sometimes symbolism is WAY better than actual substance. 




 What dollar amount would that require of me for an upfront investment to become partially liberated from the grid? 




 Perhaps you have vested interests in the technology industry. 

Is that why they'd have to pay your trinkets made off the back of the planet from your cold dead hands?  




 Damn! That was awesome!  




 http://i251.photobucket.com/albums/gg302/Natalya_suicide/gifsss/dutchridergif.gif 




 If the kid is retarded enough not to actually spell out the entire name of the game, he deserved it. 




 Nope. Because I wouldn't be preaching that a byproduct is what makes an industry evil as you might say. Do you feel guilty for having a phone?  




 People used to make a great living and entertain themselves without any of the stuff you mentioned. Actually, some still do. You just choose to use modern technologies for your own comfort it sounds to me. You choose not to do without.


I'd be willing to bet that you're even involved in an industry that not only utilizes said carbon unfriendly ends but that perpetuates the usage of them. Basically, it seems you're willing to use up the earth's resources for your own devices but at a slightly slower rate.


So sad. So hypocritical. 




 Man.  People used to exist just fine without computers.  Apparently you crave modern convenience without all the consequences. 

Don't tell me you have a phone too...  




 Yeah, but do realize how much petroleum those individual commuter parts take to manufacture? I would just give up your computer.  




 Never has the thought, "Need help?  Find a mosque!" ever crossed my mind.  




 Ooooooh man, computer huh? 

http://www.lowtechmagazine.com/2009/06/embodied-energy-of-digital-technology.html 




 Sure! As long as you don't actually make use of any of those terrible petroleum byproducts in your daily life.  




 I just assumed you walk everywhere. What's more important? Saving the Earth or saving yourself some struggle by using petroleum based transportation? 

That way you can still preach to those that do and be in the clear.  




 How do you get around?  




 Gosh! You're saying that not everyone has done that yet?  Evil evil.  




 Maybe that's because right now it doesn't pay for itself.  




 Yeah. Groups of people are just inherently evil because of their position on the planet!  




 I look forward to seeing your 20 new news channels dedicated to all of the world's iniquities.  




 /s

I was being facetious in my comment.  




 Well good. Hopefully you're not so hypocritical as to ride in or drive a car at any time or wear or use items made with petroleum byproducts.  




 Oh no. I do. I also don't admonish people for doing the same.  




 Which has had more world impact?   Prrrrrrrobably Syria.  By about a mile or so.  




 Solar powered jets!  




 Number 13 will make you shit your toilet / Jew hiding place.  




 Apparently not enough for capitalists to smell money in them yet and hence the non payoff.  




 Bigger ongoing stories. Pretty simple really.  




 I guess we should dedicate an entire channel to wronged people in third world shit holes. It would probably require 10 channels going  24 hours a day.  




 If you're not against being surveiled you're for it. I assume you are standing on a street corner with a protest sign every day.  




 Eh, it happens hundreds of times every single day in those countries.    The US would only be condemning acts if that were true.  




 "We" is right. I assume you support your local oil fracker or have come up with a sustainable alternative energy.  




 Finger right on the pulse.  




 "Ships from Japan in 28-51 days??"  




 He still makes him touch him inappropriately.  




 My computer only loaded half the image.  
































































 As a conservative, I have gained a greater awareness of the problem of crony capitalism and money in politics as pertains to both parties as well as corporations and unions, etc. 






































































































































 At the beginning of this month I re-signed a new, 10-month lease with my apartment complex.  I had been having my lease paid with an auto-deduct from my bank account previously and had been out of town from 6/27-7/7 while another apt resident came by to walk and take care of my dog every day.  Today I was gone all day and left my door unlocked since I'd misplaced my key in my luggage.  When I got home the door was locked and I had to pay a locksmith $150.  There was a notice to vacate for non-payment of rent, utilities, etc. charging me with unpaid rent plus $160 in late fees.  I guess that by re-signing the auto-deduct was not in effect but I didn't know that.  The dog walker said there were no notices from the apt complex on the door while I was gone and I did not receive any phone calls from them about my missing rent.  I even went into the office to temporarily borrow a mail key and a guy working there said nothing to me about anything.  I have not discussed anything with the apt complex yet and have never been late on rent before.  The notice dated today 7/9 states that I have to be out on 7/12.  PLEASE HELP! 
































































































































































































































 Holy shit that's disturbing.  




 Voiced by Stephen Colbert.  




 But can I do it in 5 days?  




 Fuck cords. Bluetooth is where it's at.  




 What's even more disgusting is that you know that the lender shaved his pubes with it too and now they're pube buddies.  









 Actually 13 grams of fiber plus 6 grams of Erythritol (what I assume is a sugar alcohol) So 25-19=6 grams of carbs per bar. 1 being sugar.  



















 Thanks! 10 years experience running quality title and now I'm going to have to look outside of the industry I love until things start moving again.  




 I add 2 Tbsp of hazelnut fiber creamer.

http://www.amazon.com/CVS-Non-Dairy-Coffee-Creamer-Hazelnut/dp/B00QF4EHWW 




 Texas: I know lots of people who have gotten the axe from different projects lately.  




 Octopus be all like

http://i.imgur.com/3Wo4Nd1.gif 




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 We like to gaze into the window of your soul and see all of the disappointment of your childhood that will someday come to bear on us. It's like reading the future.  




 4:07. 




 http://i.imgur.com/0bkyUix.gif 




 I didn't know there was an epidemic of people getting killed because someone was holding a phone to their ear.  




 It's normally kept underground in a hermetically sealed vault until the time after the apocalypse when the chosen shall be guided to it so they can discover its secrets and repopulate and rule the Earth and bring tyranny to weak men.  




 I thought it was during the exorcism of Jonah Hill.  




 Yes, everybody has heard those things.  




 That is all, Dicknoses.  




 That's why we have some in reserves. It's like what welfare was originally intended for.  




 I tried to book Hotmail for a bachelorette party.  



















 Getting real tired of Piggy's bullshit, I am.  




 Get it? French mime? Je-sius, people.  




 Oppenmeimer.  




 Quest bars have 25 grams of carbs per bar.  




 Nice to know there are still people out there that are as enlightened and pure as the driven snow as you are.  




 I think it's a great idea! I'd meet up with you!  




 Please write a book for the rest of us who have no idea what we're doing in life! Take it as far as you can!  




 And I'm not saying I'm not either and I'll bet you have a little racism in you too. The woman who attacked him was a filthy animal not because of her race but because of her actions.  




 No. He thinks that the woman who viciously attacked him on the street was sub-human scum. And she is!  




 Where? Are they hiring?  




 Horrific! I'm going to ask my doctor for that pill tomorrow.  




 Any particular reason? Are sugar alcohols bad? Regular protein bars taste like crap. 




 Are [these](http://www.atkins.com/products) acceptable to eat as treats when I get sugar cravings and am cutting while still working out?  It seems like they provide lots of protein while only having net 3 grams or so of carbs.  Has anyone had any experience with these or sworn off them for any reason?  Would you highly recommend against them? 



















 So he has to estimate his own earnings?  That sucks.  




 One that has enough money to be able to pay a kid to lick her clit. A young one doesn't have either the disposable income or willingness to pay someone.  




 Mmmm...  That 95 year-old clit.  




 I've heard lots of arguments, pro and con, and it seems like people sometimes advocate this out of spite that someone else got their money unjustly. I want to know the actual hows and whys of putting actual money in my pocket enabling me, as a middle class person, to get richer.  




 Huh, interesting. I'm not sure that the mirror image thing is necessary but the heads up thing is cool. I've learned to listen to TV more than watch. You just have to have a familiarity with the general settings and characters.  




 They're dumb and they make bad life decisions. Source: was one.  




 Per time honored tradition: no one gives a fuck about your opinion of Texas. Or mine.  




 He should've had two drinks.  




 Sell me one of your melons!  




 I watch (well, listen to) Netflix in my car as I'm driving so suck it cops!  Come and get me!  




 Then I guess you chose "leave it".  




 And then you just sit there in your own filth wiping your diseased, sticky hands all over the seat for the next person to discover the choco-doodoo apocalypse you created for their date slacks?  OK.  




 Gold. I can't get enough gold.  




 It was a reaction to the shitshow aftermath of Haight Ashbury.  




 I think you might have missed the fan in the pic. Understandable.  




 Life experience is a bitch.  




 Yeah. Never had an issue with sensitivity here as an uncircumcised man.  




 It's also uncomfortable for me to have an exposed scab I picked off rubbing against clothing.  




 Huh. Dear diary, today I learnt...  




 I don't have to use lube unless I want to and it feels awesome! Having to go wet everytime would suck.  




 So no masturbating with a soft cloth?  Fuck that.  




 How do you know it's enhanced if you've never experienced being circumcised?  You're just going off someone else's word. Also, my circumcised dick doesn't get cold so that's not an issue.  




 We have a QA tester here.  




 Her tits are starting into my soul.  




 Well, I can 100% say that I just read the most fucked story I will read this millenia. 

I came here because I saw a beautiful boat and stayed for the mind rape.  




 Give it 2 years.  




 Everyone I know on different projects is looking. It's 1986 all over again. Muricans are about to find out how much of their fake- ass $18 trillion economy was propped up by fracking.  




 I hope so.  Hope they're suffering as much as I am. 




 I think I just stepped up my... arts and culture... game.

http://www.gifwave.com/media/762427/art-3d-tech-body-sculpture-interactive-demo-hd-nude-oculus-rift-vr-virtual-reality-high-resolution.gif 




 Why April Fool's Day? 




 What do you do with it? 









 Reminds me of how Brits passive aggressively speak up about someone cutting in the queue in front of them.  




 You... You can just do that?  




 Are you English?  




 For what it's worth, I don't think you deserved to be on the worst dressed list.  




 You know you can block that shit.

If you really want to...  




 The only way I can do them now!  









 I have no problem with bench because it involves pushing straight out without bending at the wrist. Bent wrist push-ups are another story.  




 Exactly. No more bending at the wrist and applying pressure but you can push out straight like a bench press easily. Guess that would mean handstands on your fists?  




 I was really excited until I remembered that I have the same thing. Can barely do a real pushup anymore...  









 Skinny pajama jeans.  




 Yes!  We just ask that you wash it and keep abreast of any foul smells.  




 Was hoping this was a picture of Harrison Ford riding a bicycle.  




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 This conversation was private!!

 Sorry... about privates.  




 HA! Gotta have priorities!  




 LOL!  I have to put a lotion on my balls that turns into a powder so they won't stick to my leg during the summer. No wonder we hide our parts.  




 LOL! Sub $90! #Just1986Things  




 Ayyyy  me too! But they're still fucking weird.  




 Then you are one of the lucky ones.  




 When you get home squat over a mirror and tell me what alien life form you keep in that crotch.  




 He wants to remind you not to let your butthole run cold and that he's here to help warm it up.  




 Not so goofy now, are they?  




 Here's a secret you can tell your gal pals: They're never flaccid until they hit the air.  




 Obviously jacking off on the back of the unsuspecting guy in front of him!  




 Obama did what on Reddit?  




 M'usty  




 Seems like the Dems didn't have much motivating them to get off their ass and support their Congress person. A ton of non-votes to gridlock Obamas policies. 




 Seems like the Dems didn't have much motivating them to get off their ass and support their Congress person. A ton of non-votes to gridlock Obamas policies. 




 Oh hai, Satan!  




 2010 and 2014 never happened! 2010 and 2014 never happened!  




 2010 and 2014 never happened! 2010 and 2014 never happened!  




 Well, at least now you have a gym nickname!  




 I once shit myself in school because I went so hard in my reading circle!  




 Gorilla warfare!  




 Compromise these days is when Republicans agree to do things the Democrat way. Never mind the 2010 and 2014 elections when Democrats were wasted in landslides across the nation in every kind of office.  




 RIP in peace 2010 and 2014. 




 I would say because most people don't watch Sesame Street.  




 People on a channel you don't like can't be funny! 




 Why? They're awesome.  




 What makes that particular user base so special?  




 Selma.  




 Then this 40 year-old 12 year-old will take one please.  




 We in the US have A George Lopez we'd like to get disappeared.  

















































 You're right  People who eat meat are worse than Satan.  What right to they have to eat something besides rice and beans and the McDonalds dollar menu?  Scum. 




 Why are they all lying and out to get you???

I want to help so came up with a resource that will help you in the future.  Bon apetit!  http://www.theinspiredbudget.com/index.php/the-cost-of-beans-and-rice-for-one/ 




 Yeah, you're right.  Everybody is lying to you about food prices.  I mean, there's no way you could possibly check it for yourself, right?   I mean, there's a dollar value menu, right? *cough dunce* 

Let them eat rice and beans!  (Price of rice and beans may vary depending on the strength of the dollar.) 




 http://www.cnbc.com/id/101588110

http://www.wsj.com/articles/as-food-prices-rise-fed-keeps-a-wary-eye-1404672384

http://thefederalist.com/2014/07/08/food-prices-are-soaring-and-washington-doesnt-care/

It's called inflation and it's what happens when your money becomes worth much less.  




 Then why are food prices skyrocketing?  




 Well, it helps that she's too stupid to have a filter. I'll bet the DNC is PISSED for giving away the game!  


































 Maybe Jesus will come back before anyone asks us to pay our $18 trillion debt!  




 Kind of like the $18 trillion  debt we're leaving for our grandchildren to pay for.  




 Onto the thin ice! 

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1345836/ 









 How do they run minorities out of town?  




 Marshawn Lynch would shit a rainbow!  




 "Aww, darling, death is just an eternal dirt nap! 









 http://i.imgur.com/LV0X7iT.jpg 




 The Constitution applies to citizens of the U. S. 

Don't bother showing that you're a citizen.  




 I've gotta tell ya, I think LOTS of people are interested in whether or not Bill Clinton is fucking underage girls on Orgy Island. If you don't think so you're lying to yourself.  









 How come no other Democrats are being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are having to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are commenting about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 That's why I have to get blood drawn when the script runs out. This pill is taken once bi-weekly and then once weekly on the second script.  




 Yes, well that's beside the point. He was caught on tape saying vile shit. Personally, I like him as  an actor and don't assume Hollywood people are nice just because of the characters they play. 

People only know Chris Brown beat Rihanna because they saw the pics.  




 For me, and like 50% or something crazy, of the adult male population, I had a vitamin D deficiency. I spent lots of time outside too. Tell your doctor that you want to get blood tests done for vitamin d. It's easy. Our go straight to an endo. 

By my next appointment I was in normal levels. I have to get blood drawn after my script runs out because it can become toxic. Always been fine for me though.  




 Newsflash: Anything that contradicts you and your subreddit's cult-like opinions on the subject of global warming are going to be rejected. 

That is called breathing your own fumes, or, as I like to call it greenhousing yourself. 

The mods on this subreddit couldn't paint themselves in a more cartoonish way if they were trying to parody themselves.  




 Racism, sexism, etc.  




 I toured that prison back in 2002. Was it the San Pedro prison in downtown Rio? Read the book "Marching Powder" for more info.  




 My endocrinologist prescribed me 50,000 ius of Vitamin D to take weekly and now my levels are in the normal range.  




 HA! That's great! Apparently the ONLY articles that are acceptable about global warming on this about are the ones that fall into lockstep with your Nazi-like beliefs on the subject and all other views are to be shouted down. Tell me, are Republicans not going to investigate the what they believe are the fudging of the numbers from NASA? If not show me where that is proven false. Whether or not NASA has done so or not is beside the point. The Republicans ARE in fact going to investigate those claims. And this sure as Hell relates to global warming. 

So fuck off and ban me if you can't rationally deal with opposing points of view.  




 I guess you're new here. Here's how Reddit works. Sometimes people post articles written by other people. It's fairly simple really. Glad I could help.  




 Oh, so we have to have PhD's do post articles here now? Surely replies require a PhD also. Where is yours?  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 Wow! She fucked around on him to death! That's something!  




 AH, the not-so-rare horse shitter!  




 Y'all gonna look at my pussy or order a beer?

Beer me.  




 CATS. IN. SPAAAAAACE! 

https://media.giphy.com/media/w3J7mstYCISqs/giphy.gif 




 Sitting on his balls all day must have turned them to steel.  














 You're talking about fisting, right?  




 So uh... the lady stepped into the road.  




 Specist.  




 So I interviewed for a sales job I really want and they wanted me to go meet with four of their sales people. I thought the interview went great. After meeting with them they all had high praise for the company making me want to work there all the more. The sales people I talked to said that I needed to keep following up and that the mgrs I interviewed with would assume that anyone that didn't follow up didn't really want the job. I mailed two hand-written thank you notes two days after the interview and sent email follow-ups after each two sales people I met with. The problem is that I have since left several voicemails with no return and when I did get ahold of one of them he said he was on his way to a meeting and would call me back. (He didn't). 

Am I wrong or is this a total dick move on their part? I don't have a month to waste professing my love and chasing this company.  









 Can you tell me which bars you are talking about?

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Quest+bars+fiber 









 You do if you're at the sink.  




 Only 6 grams of fiber though.  




 I'm on a low carb diet.  




 Let's not being your ex into this.  




 I liked it better when the movie was called "The Secretary".  




 Billionaires.  




 Ah, an empanada! Why didn't you say so?  




 That's not a dick. It's a mothefuckring drawbridge.  




 How dare you judge FloridaMan!  




 We all do.  




 Admit it. You know you'd think this was HI-larious if someone with an R by their name had said the same thing.  









 So... back to "blame Bush"? 




 By the historic landslides in 2010 and 2014? 




 Remember when Sarah Palin "saying"  that she could see Russia from her house was a huge item on Reddit?  




 (Liberal) Politician says something dumb. "Unfit for r/politics/"  



















 Mmm. Where do scientists get their funding? Are they more likely to get funding for their research if they pursue one theory over another? As a scientific researcher I can tell you that yes, this is very much a large part of the dirty truth.  




 Relevant meat shank username.  




 Vengeance! Death By Chocolate!  














 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 Proclaiming your self-righteous down vote? DEAL BREAKER!  
























 Race fatigue.  




 Lookit yo game girl... 

The sad, sad game
Mad game
Just to say loves' not enough
If it can't be true
Oh, you can tell those lies baby but you're only fooling you 














 http://www.climatedepot.com/2013/01/10/meteorologist-anthony-watts-on-adjusted-us-temperature-data-in-the-business-and-trading-world-people-go-to-jail-for-such-manipulations-of-data/ 














 If there isn't a robot heaven then where would all the Calculons go? 

FTFY  




 Shamalanian Twist: You're a dude.  




 Yeah, but dat retard strength.  




  Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice!  




 A month ago you made a life changing decision.  




 Nigga, I ain't readin' all that! 

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif 




 Holy shit, he's awesome!  




 Fascinating!  




 I'm just fuckin' with ya, Ted! 




 Then I retract my statement based on this new knowledge.  




 Nice sound fx!  




 ... Quite productive?  




 It appears to be two separate lies from Williams. 

"the NBC anchor was nowhere near that aircraft or two other Chinooks flying in the formation that took fire." The report cited interviews with "crew members on the 159th Aviation Regiment's Chinook that was hit by two rockets and small arms fire." It said "Williams arrived in the area about an hour later on another helicopter after the other three had made an emergency landing."

http://www.stripes.com/news/us/brian-williams-apology-leaves-out-key-details-of-iraq-incident-1.327935 




 Brian Williams is just lucky he didn't end up in a million little pieces!  




 Pres candidate Jeb Bush and VP Mitt Romney. Coming to a voting both near you.  




 That's awesome! I thought they were just giving you shit.  




 Great username.  




 You can't get away with lies in the age of the Internet.  




 He'll have to address it but will do so in a way as to make it go away as soon as possible. 




 He was following the said shot at aircraft an hour later...  




 So, basically, we want more uninformed, less motivated people to vote. 

Instead, let's test them on their constitutional knowledge.  




 Sure. Sure. They just want to take over the entire middle east. If we let them have that then I'm sure they'll be more than satisfied and not plan any attacks in Europe or the US.  It's not like a 9/11 event could ever happen again. 

Peace in our time!  




 Yeah, organizations like ISIS are a thing of the past. Back to scratching your stupid cats!  




 You're truly an insulated, self-righteous kid with very little understanding or appreciation of how much others have sacrificed so you can scratch your cats.  




 You're lucky that there are no bad people out there that would put a damper on your cat scratching duties.  




 You should volunteer to go catch bullets.  







































 Its the arched position of the back when youre performing the back bridge that can be dangerous. This hyperextension of the back places significant compressive forces on your spine, which can in turn do damage to the discs in between your vertebrae. Over time, this stress from hyperextension can weaken your spine. 




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 Remember when Sean Connery was a young man? Zardoz.  




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 But the US president is so much more special than those other world leaders. We can't just be expected to make our security happen like those other third world hellholes that were in France.  




 None of those other world leaders have complex security to arrange. Just the US. 

Rich man's burden and all that.  




 I don't think this method has been tried on even 500,000 people yet.  




 Mmmm....  That's fine dining!  














 Relevant user name.  









 They're close. 

http://killingcancer.vice.com/ 




 I'm talking about the Iranian elections. I don't know wtf you're talking about.  




 If you're one of the lucky govt officials or foreigners that don't have to go to the regular understaffed terrible hospitals, yes.  




 WebMD Robot Dr always says it's lupus.  




 And your dead end sums up your view.  Obama is your hero and it would be impossible for him to do anything wrong.

Back to your regularly scheduled glass dick. 




 I wasn't in Libya during the Arab Spring but I read lots of biased news stories about it so I'm certain I got a full understanding of what people on the ground were saying.  




 In your first comment you said you were in Iran during the elections. 

Are you lying or do you lack the mental capacity to understand the context? 

I'm gonna go with both.  














 Ah, you were in Iran but have an intricate knowledge of how things went down here. 

OK. 

Sounds to me like you are just a sycophantic devotee.  




 You need to take the Obama glass dick out of your mouth, son and realize that there is a real reason why his response to Egypt was so different from his Iran response.  




 Caveat: YOU probably wouldn't be wondering why that happened the way it did but most rational, thinking people would. 

His ridiculously weak statement was basically nothing. 

Source: I was here.  




 You may wonder why he had to come out with a real statement sooo much later that the events happened. We saw how weak and fleeting his response was compared to other world leaders and had to demand that he finally come out with a strong statement of support. 

Too bad it took him until December to do so.  




 Uh, I hate to burst your Obama bubble but this statement was made December 28, 2009. 

The protests began on June 13, 2009.

http://m.whitehouse.gov/blog/2009/12/28/president-speaks-out-iran-violence

Maybe you should learn what a Google is.  




 Ah, voicing support for people is interfering. OK. He came out with this statement WAY late after there was an uproar from the American people regarding his stone cold silence on the matter.  




 How? How did he support it in principle? I remember watching Iranians hold up signs pleading for American support only to be met with stone cold silence from the admin.

Obama sure piped up when Egypt fell into revolution though!  




 Remember when the Iranians rioted and marched against their govt after their fraudulent elections and didn't get any support from the Obama admin?  




 Why didn't they shine lasers down the side of that thing and make that fucker light up?  




 I'm gonna throw this out there.  You REALLY like horses, right? 



















 Unfortunately evolution wasn't on the ballot. 




 No thanks.  




 How much water!?  Full or just some clinging to the sides?  




 God made the ingredients of PCP! PCP should be legal!!  




 What fine establishments are you frequenting?  




 They do take notes. Doesn't take long. Just a few key words.  




 Because teen angst and social proof.  




 http://youtu.be/pk-W_i7Z59I 




 Yeah, but you have to do stuff in Ohio...  




 Yeah, they're going to outlive you.  




 How do you know that's a fake dick?  




 Dead or in Ohio. I'm not sure which is worse.  




 How old are you?  




 Specist.  




 How's mom doing?  




 The way to handle it well would have been to immediately call the campus police.  




 Don't tell your kid about this. Even when she's older.  




 The hologram just comes out looking high as shit eating Cherry Garcia.  




 Well, now instead of Netflix paying more for what they profit from, the cost will be passed directly to the consumer while Netflix still profits.  









 Netflix only uses 33% of the total Internet bandwidth. Why should they have to pay more?  




 The FCC only has my best interests in mind. They just want to make sure muh Netflix stays fast.  




 Probably Chris Matthew's legs rubbing together when Obama comes in the room.  




 Station? 
Tea? 

Do you live in Antarctica?  




 Stop flushing paper towels.  




 Yeah, I got the same thing a while back. Very strange.  









 Oh Christ...  




 But I already got this tattoo...  




 So, no new applications either?  I'll just leave my resume with the receptionist.  




 Bush lied, people died!!!

And so did all these people... Ring a bell?

"One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998. 

"If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998. 

"Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." 
    Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998. 

"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." 
    Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998 

"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." 
    Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998. 

"Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." 
    Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998. 

"Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." 
    Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999. 

"There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." 
    Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001. 

"We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." 
    Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002. 

"We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seing and developing weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002. 

"The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons..." 
    Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002. 

"I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security."
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002. 

"There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002, 

"He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." 
    Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002. 

"In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." 
    Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002 

"We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real ... 
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.  




 Thank you Mr. Nimoy, for getting that stupid dress off the front page.  









 They shifted blame and tried to bury the fact that no help was sent to our embassy even though they were informed of the  8 hour long firefight.  




 A YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

Big deal. 

Unless, of course, Bush had been president at the time.  




 So we're still saying that a YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

OK.  









 I'll never stop staring. It's my right!  




 For now they just document it and file it away under "Maybe".  









 And false too. Just wait until the FCC starts doling out permits based on specific types of speech like they do TV networks.  Nearly impossible to start a new news network but you could've still done it on the Internet, until today.  




 Nigga, I ain't got time for all that!  




 Look at the bottom, it's black n blue. Start at the top, it's white n gold. Fucked me up until I did that.  




 Yeah, just a bunch of politically motivated govt bureaucrats in the FCC. The same ones that decide what can be on your radios and TV.  




 Right. You actually have to suck on the clit. It will vary from woman to woman.  




 Amen!  




 Jesus, I have to suffer because you couldn't wrap it up?  




 These militant beast-feeders are the fucking worst.  




 That doesn't seem like it's helping your metabolism.  




 Wouldn't it make you retain a ton of water and look puffy?  




 I'm sure no self-righteous bureaucrat would ever ban porn on a public utility. And do many other things that disagree with their particular inclination. 

So you've got that going for you!  




 They regulate heroin and child rape too! 

Why can't I fuck my wife in front of your playground? What kind of bullshit is that?  




 I'll tell my kid to bide his time for the perfect sucker punch and then stand by him no matter what.  




 Well, womens womens woobs aren't regulated by the govt. So feel free to murder as many fetuses as you feel is necessary!  




 You're going to have to help me out with woobs here.  




 Don't worry! Your govt only wants the best for you! Now, if they could just find and arrest that Snowden character who put those thoughts in your head...  




 Such as what?  




 This isn't going to speed your Internet up if anything your speed will get slowed to even out with everyone else's speed. Boom! Equality!  




 Don't worry!  The Patriot Act will never be used to target citizens!  




 Give me freedom or give me Netflix!  




 Admit it. You gave away a free Internet for fast Netflix.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Netflix was using 33% of the bandwidth of the entire Internet. Of course they didn't want to have to pay for all that.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  



















 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right? 

You traded your free Internet for Netflix to not have to pay for the 33% of bandwidth they are using.  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right?  




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 









 Control. It's always control. Fortunately he has a ton of brain-dead followers who don't want their Netflix disturbed even though that's exactly what will happen.  





























 Right. Remember that when the lawsuits fly. Personally, I have no problem w gay marriage but it will be a one way street later.  




 I don't think the state should be involved in anyone's marriage. No special benefits should be doled out by the state.  




 I guarantee you people will begin suing churches for discrimination. Some whacky courts will uphold it.  




 Will you be as passionate in your defense of those churches that choose not to marry gay couples because they feel it impinges on their religious mandate? If so I think both sides win here. I don't see it happening that way personally.  




 [Black hole.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpVd7k1Uw6A) 




 Enter the Smrtwatch! 




 There should just be the implication that she's the one that's good.  




 They know.  




 To get his landscaping degree, esse!  




 So is glancing at your wrist in front of them.  




 [Let me guess.  You hate him because he's so stupid.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1497492/carnac-o.gif) 




 Good!  We need a real ideological contest between Cruz and Warren.  




 The hatred is strong with Reddit. Let it flow through you.  




 Back and to the left. Again, back and to the left.  




 The Birther Movement: Brought to you through the political channels of Hillary Clinton.  




 They just gave him ample time to show he had no intention of actually doing better.  




 Symbolism always trumps substance.  




 $18 trillion in debt and still printing money to prop up Wall Street while mainstreet suffers. The time is coming when interest rates will have to rise again. The Fed can't carry Obama's  water forever.  




 As bat-shit insane as he drives the left I will happily get as many jobs as needed to  help him secure the office of the Presidency.  




 Holy shit! As bat-shit insane as he drives the left I will happily get as many jobs as needed to  help him secure the office of the Presidency.  




 About 2.5 Tbsp of blood.  




 Pakistan is countered by India and isn't openly aggressive toward the US. They even claim to be allies. 

Israel is no threat to the US. 

However, we are actively engaging Iran who repeatedly state that they want to annihilate the great Satan in talks to give them the bomb. 

DURRRRRRRRRRFF 




 Sure. What's the worst that could happen in giving an atomic bomb to people who openly call for your death? I say we roll the dice!  




 Oy vey! The middle guy with the goofy head and jaw thrusting and the other guys staring longingly into each other's eyes.  




 No surprise. There will always be evil fucks in the world.  




 1. Westboro Baptist doesn't run the fucking country. 

2. Westboro Baptist isn't about to be handed the bomb to consolidate power in the middle east and slay the infidels.  




 They're still waiting too. Long time wait.  




 Just 10 million? Can we up that number?  




 Why not share your notes with Reddit? Not intimate enough?  




 Of course yes, death to America" was the exact quote.  




 The word "willies" freaks me out.  




 You should Facebook your sex life. 

What's your name?  




 Why not discuss with mom too? 

Why not Dad?  




 You could try talking about it with someone you're fucking.  




 Of course yes, death to America" 



















 Seems like the more low rent housing the better for Austinites! 

You should get that on a ballot! 

"Austin! The low rent capital of the world! " 




 So we should only isolate the poor of all colors to the Eastside. 

Gotcha.  




 Right on! One of these scientists hit me with their car last week and told me that you can get a good look at a t-bone by sticking your head up a bull's ass, but wouldn't you rather just take the butcher's word for it?  




 Nightmares.  




 Maybe they should designate ALL of the Eastside as Section 8 housing. There are a ton of people living here that really can't afford the pricing. 

That'll make people want to live in Austin.  Problem solved. 

That's still not going to solve the poor white people problem though.  




 Beginning at what income range?  




 "Free"  




 I'd love to hear your solution to the problem.  




 I assume you're talking about the sticker that says white people and not my comment.  




 Yeah! We need some Ferguson fires up in here! 

/s 




 Like what? Maybe ban white people?  




 I believe you're forgetting the Don Lemmon black hole theory.  



















 If you're not asking questions in sales you're doing it wrong.  




 Work on only, and I mean ONLY, asking questions of other people. It will make you better in every aspect of life.  




 What about all that sweet Spotify money?  




 Do an AMA.  














 Thanks! You da real MVP!  














 I thought you said you frequently squat down in public to pick up tips.  




 I'm not judging you, mate.  




 No, I mean the things you bend down a lot to pick up in public: are they tips? 




 Tips?  




 NAKED standing decline bench!  




 Yeah. He wasn't trying to hijack anything.  




 One thing is clear. That little white dude wasn't trying to highjack a plane.  




 I'm sure that the SGA murders were still fresh in people's minds once the technology rolled around a mere 10 years later to enable the Moon towers.  









 Nice human suit you have on.  









 You know. For research!  




 What a fascist wingnut. 




 We're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 That's why you stock up on ammo.  




 911 was an inside hand job.  




 South by South blast! 




 Question from someone who doesn't know how colorization works. How do you know what color everything should be?  




 That jacket is gray, not black.  




 Srry to hear that, man.  




 You effectively eliminate all of the tax attorneys, bean counters, etc. No write-offs for anyone. Your percent is auto-deducted from your check.  




 Flat tax. Or fair tax. Neither requires an IRS.  




 How long have you been sober?  




 They sound ridiculously liberal. 

Or just liberal in a college setting.  




 Yeah, I don't honestly care that much but also don't want people to off themselves. Oh well, I guess they're on their own!  




 No one will question DeNiro or Christian Bale for sacrificing for their craft.  














 How do you suppose I go about that from Austin, TX?  




 #Your small font is puny and weak.  




 You shouldn't do that. Don't do that.  




 Why?  




 https://i.imgur.com/KWeRx98.gif 




 https://youtu.be/hQvsf2MUKRQ 




 A fork.  




 She'll find another junkie boyfriend or forgive him to stave off the soul crushing loneliness of addiction.  




 Why the fuck would they paint without drugs?  




 HOW CAN SHE SLAP?  




 Mia Idaho  




 We're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 Wait, we're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 It already is.  




 God knows they tried.  




 After sitting in a mental hospital for 15 years, you'll escape and return to Haddonfield to kill your sister. 




 https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif

Nigga, I ain't readin' all that! 




 Or, you know, you could've only posted the link.  




 Gym?  




 Caucasians are albino Asians, right?  




 Knockin' the dust off mommy's little pussy! 




 My penis can't be sad when it's whistling Dicksie!  




 Sometimes you just lose your job! LOL!  




 Yeah, but now they are arguing amongst themselves about whether or not we can be trusted. This combined with Netanyahu's praise of the Obama admin doing more than will ever be known with the Israelis behind the scenes is more than enough to undermine that shit deal. 

Thank God.  









 They're all crazy! 




 You'd love my "cool" exes then.  




 He made all the ingredients and waited for us to combine them.  




 Plant lives matter.  




 Those ingredients were, in fact, made by God.  




 God made heroin for you and me!  




 Sounds like people who are rational enough for an atomic bomb.  
























 Indian style or GTFO.  




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f1/Human-Centiped-poster.jpg 









 Dirty Mike and the boys are going to bust his O-ring.  




 Prepare to be shocked.  




 As a conservative, I wish Warren would run also.  She's very interesting and we finally deserve a real ideological contest this time instead of the lukewarm puke we're normally fed. 














 Ambassador was raped and killed in the street and the embassy was attacked for 8 hours while no reinforcements were sent to their aid. On 9/11.  But only because of some YouTube video that 20 people saw... 




 Won't happen.  The right is just as sick of Bush as the left should be of Clinton if there were actually any other options.  (Unfortunately there aren't) 




 Exactly.  Perjured himself in front of a federal grand jury.  A grand jury that was examining his participation in a liberal rallying cry (sexual harassment).

Also, I wasn't keen on his shaking his pasty, white finger in my face. 




 You may end up surprised. 




 Lol, Bush. As a conservative, I have never seen a less likely front runner.  A lot has changed in the last 8 years. 




 There is generally a solid reason for low turnout.  It is an excellent indication of dissatisfaction with current policies. 




 I know, right? Amazing what mid-term landslide rejections in 2010 and 2014 can accomplish.  




 I know, right? Amazing what mid-term landslide rejections in 2010 and 2014 can accomplish.  




 And in Amarillo there is a burgeoning  gay and transgender community.  




 Meow, meow, meow, meow.  




 WHO let the dogs in?  




 Yeah, could be she doesn't end up fucking him.  




 Lol, Bush. As a conservative, I have never seen a less likely front runner.  




 Amen. That fucking shirt is a war crime.  




 If someone says yes will he change his shirt so no one has to look at it?  




 What the shit is going on with that shirt? Goodbye last 10 minutes of my life!  




 The great lifting epidemic of 2015 




 Yeah, fuck you.  




 Whoa! Today I'm going to relax and take a breather.  




 Begin deuglification sequence.  




 Knee weakening.  Gainz leakening.  




 2 hours at the gym equates to a 10 minute blowjob everyday.  




 Live long and leave a corpse with huge legs.  




 Always wear your whey snorkel.  




 Not sure why liberals are viewed as elitist cunts. Perhaps we'll never know.  




 Oh please.  




 Cheap... Land???  




 N. Dakota is accepting applications.  




 You threw your back out wiping your ass? Getting old sucks. Might wanna start a stretch routine.  




 "We should hire three or four colored ministers, preferably with social-service backgrounds, and with engaging personalities. The most successful educational approach to the Negro is through a religious appeal. We dont want the word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population, and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members."

Margaret Sanger, Founder of Planned Parenthood 




 That's why basketball is so popular in the hood. All that money!  




 Yeah, that's not happening either.  




 So Hollywood is deep in the pocket of big corn?  




 Interested  




 Turns out he liked it. Win win.  




 This guy? 

http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwjcnpOlrc1qzfdu3.jpg 




 Also, who cares.  




 Ted Bundy used to make small talk and get waved into places too.  




 Apparently these assholes have never heard of measuring the circumference of the circle. 




 https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/sunny-recap-quarantined-vaccine-2.gif?w=650 h=836 




 You're watching The Learning Channel.  




 That looked like it hurt.  




 You can always tell a Milford man. 

http://media.giphy.com/media/aNF3vK7maoRdC/giphy.gif 




 So Will Smith has gotta be fucking Margot Robbie, right?

http://m.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/will-smith-reveals-struggle-in-marriage-to-jada-pinkett-smith-2015262 




 LOL! "As does the Obama administration."  




 Plumber master race  




 Yaaaaaaaayyyyy...  




 You're right again!  I feel terrible that this young man who killed and maimed so many people might have to spend the rest of his life in jail. He should be released so that he won't have to suffer that fate!  




 You're right. He SHOULD be released for killing and maiming all those people!  




 As a conservative, I am jazzed to see Cruz and Paul square off against Warren (hopefully) and Sanders.  Christie, Bush, Clinton and the rest of the establishment can go get bent.  What we need this election cycle is some real diversity of ideas between the parties not shades of gray. 




 It wouldn't hurt to also put them in compromising and dangerous situations.  (you) 




 Pinky fights like an Apache! 




 Next we have Atrocity on the center stage!  




 Happy motherfucker?  




 Retarded cocker spaniel you say...  




 http://bit.ly/u0lxsS 




 AARP meetings. 




 http://i.imgur.com/opNGKEP.gifv 




 Booooo, Wendy Testaburger, boooooooooooo.  




 Yuck.  




 My favorite part was when she tried to drown herself in a pool at a dinner party to get attention.  




 ANYTHING on "The Learning Channel".  




 I think I can make this work in the US. 

-Satan  




 Only when she says she loves you.  




 https://i.imgur.com/fM8pegG.gifv 




 So they banged, right??  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Everyone already did chip into a safety net health care system before ObamaCare. Why do you think the emergency rooms were chock-full of illegal aliens?  




 Thanks for not making this a 50 frame imgur gallery about your process.  














 Around the World tap finisher  




 Would you settle for a Secretary of State that says "If Allah wills it?" 














 They brought it back. I had it last time I was there.  




 Pizza, fresh out of the oven cookies and green chilie mac n cheese FTMFW!  









 He's having an epic 420 day.  




 Ryan Gosling and JT seem pretty normal.  




 https://youtu.be/m1pKY8UE0mQ 




 Wow, weird. Thanks for the explanation!  




 Wtf is everyone talking about?  




 We'd what?  




 Jeez, just pay $2 and stream it on Amazon.  




 /u/trollabot train_subject5063 














 OMG, they got you before you could type a period!  




 You want to?  




 Well, you did though.  




 Are you copying other people's work?  




 No it's not, AutoModerator Bot. 




 Lives in America. Automatically the top 1% in the world. Doesn't give anything away because he doesn't have enough.  




 Just suits.  




 But the intonation made it sound like he was calling Fudd an idiot so for people that didn't know the story of Nimrod, they associated it with stupidity.  




 Best retort!  




 Muslims want Catholic weddings? Your zany newsletter is intriguing!  




 Name calling! A brilliant debate tactic,  Cotton! Let's see how that pans out.  




 So far they're just suing in England. It's just the next logical step here. I don't think they'll win I just think there will be lawsuits. 

Notice I used and am using the future tense. 

http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/gay-dads-sue-church-right-religious-wedding020813 




 How about we get govt out of marriage completely?  
























 Do you need more sources of people severely injuring themselves in police custody?  




 I see a dark nose.  




 http://fox8.com/2015/03/25/dash-cam-video-intoxicated-mom-screams-kicks-window-after-red-lobster-arrest/

http://www.offendersfamilieshelpline.org/index.php/worries-about-self-harm/ 




 Only if they ram their neck against the van hard enough.  









 Prisoners do this all the time.  Either as a tantrum or to try to pin brutality charges on the cops. 




 http://www.mediaite.com/online/prisoner-in-police-document-freddie-gray-was-banging-against-the-walls/ 









 I don't think people detonating nukes are too worried about the international community. 




 He got pretty cocky! 




 What type of technology would be detrimental to our industry? 




 Hamburger Pimp @ 2:47. 




 With a buttplug?  




 Voice of an angel and moves like Jagermeister.  




 You'll have more strange granny poon than you can shake a dough roller at.  




 Full-on rapist.  




 Cultivating mass. 

http://i.imgur.com/GNyR1.gif 




 UNCLE_TOUCHYS_NAKED_PUZZLE_BASEMENT 




 The curfew applies to them as well as the media.  




 Democrat party  




 What the fuck? 




 Yeah, but it just came out on Amazon instant and not everyone has always had HBO. 




 *It did not go well.* 




 You are not supposed to say that! 




 You sound like a realist! 




 How'd that work out? 




 If you're really serious about your ab workout you'll develop a callus on your forehead.

Allahu Akbar! 




 https://youtu.be/si4fyB3YbDo 




 https://youtu.be/fjkl_2sLBvs 




 What, exactly is a white Hispanic?  




 What a shit pile. I'm ashamed people just go along with whatever the media dictates.  




 Some other news you might find helpful, cats and dogs, while both animals, are different species from each other.

We can continue this learning process together. It doesn't look like you really learned too much in school. 




 Oh, were there peaceful Rodney King protests in South Central I missed that you'll be happy to direct me to?  




 Aaaaaand you're a fucking idiot.  




 Sounds like you really have a thing for all religions (/s) , which I applaud you for(/s) . I disagree. 

I don't see how that relates to race but maybe you can inform me. 




 Man, I can only imagine how fanatical you must get when an atheist criticizes Christianity! Actually, you probably just say "why do you hate black people so much" ? 

Dummy.  




 Probably because you don't realize that Islam is a religion, not a race.  




 Here are some resources I've compiled for you. 

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Religion+vs+race

Until Islam completes its reformation, which we are currently in the middle of, it will not be a beneficial part of society in general.  




 I hate to rain on your little PC parade but you do realize that religion is something different than race, right?  




 Show me how I'm wrong.  




 Relax and learn not to take yourself so seriously. No one is oppressing you.  




 Joke about hipsters and must be a racist. 

That is about the most hipstery thing you could say.  




 Me thinks he doth protest too much. With weed and drums and face painting. Lots of protesting. 




 We've located the hipster.  




 Nsuchlak 




 Oklahoma shirt in the first pic.  Second pic is not LA.  I should have specified peaceful LA protests.  How do I know that these Oklahomans and non-LA people were protesting the Rodney King verdict anyway? 




 That's why it's better to let them enrich their own neighborhoods.  




 I'd love to see pictures of those "peaceful" Rodney King protests.  




 Islam is a plague on society.  




 Holy shit.  [Apparently not.](http://www.latino-review.com/news/exclusive-sonys-now-working-on-an-aunt-may-movie) 




 I hear they make anti-perspirants these days. 




 Not only that.  I can't name a single one. 




 "she's very sweet she loves to give kisses just stick your tongue in your mouth if you let her"

"it's not her fault for the family situation for the sickness and health problem"

Wut? 




 My mistake.  When I think of relevant celebrity I think of Bruce Jenner. 




 Ask him if you can borrow the stick when he's done. 




 He wants you to join his cult. 




 No complaints here. 




 Keep at it!  




 So what happened when you reported him? 




 She's interested. 




 You should ask him out! 




 Also, there are no women to look at while they work out there. 




 Uh, keep up the loses actually. 




 News, yes.  3-hour special... fuck no.  And is he REALLY still a major public figure?  Really?  Not since the 70's has he really been a MAJOR public figure.  Appearing on the E network because of who your daughter fucked doesn't count. 




 Because he hasn't had to. 














 Also very rapey!  




 Sheep shimulator.  




 Pretty old-fashioned, huh?  




 Irish American here. Only 328 days until St. Pat's Day!  




 This guy gets it.  




 It's not a rooma.  




 That would be a great name for an app that enabled hunky bears to track down and rape resistant twinks. 




 Yes.  I see  no hint of sarcasm here.

Your own party leader made up lies about Romney's taxes and justified it by saying that he didn't win the election.  These 4 claims can actually be proven through research.
 









 [This guy.](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/22/luis-gutierrez-proposes-law-to-replace-jackson-on-/) 




 Woundr  









  Also, predicting the future is hard.

Not to worry.  Giving more money to your political heroes will fix global warming.  Or else we KNOW we'll all die.
 



















 I just rooted using this method.  I'm with Sprint.  Do you know of a wifi tether app that actually works for rooted LG G3s? 




 Lubbock, TX.  Rains mud. 




 I posted this for liberals to read.  









 Ya gotta stop the fucking in the halls somehow.  




 Recommendations?  




 Gimme mah trenta frappucino with extry butter!! And I'll have a coke zero.  




 But all that sweet masturbation time...  




 There is no greater heart quickening rush then opening the door just a slit and spraying that 30 yard shot of wasp killer at the nest and then quickly closing that door. 




 Petroleum landman here. No jobs means plenty of masturbation time.  




 He's a pimp.  




 You think a pimp would do that?  Just make something up about a white teenager?... I dooooooo.  




 Aaaaaand that's why I didn't go into the medical field.  




 Drugs are really exciting! 




 Wasn 't that what Obama was supposed to be? 




 So, Iran is the dinosaurs?  




 Listen all a y'all, it's a sabotage!  




 That's it. I'm ordering the shittiest DJ possible for when I kick it.  




 http://bit.ly/1FXhrDa 




 Ariana's 20.. 




 Well, I'm off to the gym this morning to go get insecure.  




 Or inject into your dick!  




 You seem less than enthusiastic about your choices.  









 Evil sexy? 




 I just upgraded to lollipop on Sprint.  How do I get wifi tethering to work? 




 Why would anyone want to do that? 




 This is sufficiently disturbing. 









 If the most you know about the contents of the Constitution is that it was written by Herbie Hancock 4 scores and 7 years ago and you'd rather be at home watching the latest Kardashian episode, then I would rather you weren't forced at gunpoint to your local polling station. PLEASE, by all means stay home and enjoy your chicken bucket. 




 Why?  That's a counter-productive lost cause. 




 Actually, no corporations pay taxes.  They wrap up the cost of the tax into their product or service and pass it along to the consumer.  When we tax those who sell us stuff the consumer pays it on the back end. 




 What about the teachers?  









 That's far enough with the tampon, Bob!  Are you trying to hammer it through my pancreas? 









 Enough to click AND comment!  









 They're GRRRRREEEAT!  
























