 [Theory regarding what was happening to the baby:](#g "It would be interesting if the White Walkers could only turn dead people into Wights, however could turn living people into full-on White Walkers.") 




 Since Braavos shows up in the "Secrets" trailer and Ser Davos wrote a letter to the Iron Bank last episode; I'm presuming that is where he and Stannis will be heading to in the next two/three episodes. 




 :( 
























 12345

EDIT: Fuck. 




 The Night King was the 13th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. There were 12 White Walkers in the background in this scene, making the one that approached the baby; the 13th. This doesn't necessarily mean anything, however it could be symbolic.   





























 Even though they didn't have a scene in S4E4, Stannis and Ser Davos are probably already on a ship, [ASOS](#b "on their way to Braavos.") 









 I hate to be that asshole, but doesn't this majorly break rule one? 
























 sips my slut, please play SCP containment breach - http://www.scpcbgame.com/
 




 Honestly at the moment I think Miiverse is the best gaming community for a console out there. 




 Actually, I just realized that Mhysa actually means mother in the Ghiscari language, not low Valyrian.
 





























 Timesplitters 2 had an awesome soundtrack, but [this was the best.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O89jzT55ELs) 




 Pretty solid episode. Didn't really get boring, good/funny writing, introduced a new companion (I like that they're copying Amy and Rory with Clara and Danny), big advancement on the Promised Land mystery in the last scene. Best episode of the series so far. 
























 Pretty good horror film that managed to glide away from typical horror film clichs, however I felt the third act went downhill a bit. 




 Only in earlier operating system versions. 




 Even though xxPielsTastyxX is correct, the flight time of the entire mission would of only been about a minute long. I attempted launching a large platform craft, however it ran out of fuel as I was hovering over the ocean. Parachutes were then engaged and somehow a big piece of platform and an escape pod survived. 
























 A word of warning if you purchase those GTX 970s from Amazon UK, don't do it. Take a look at the graph at the bottom of their page, the price is going up and down too often for my liking. I'm presuming however you're going to be buying them from Ebuyer anyway, but just in case. 




 She probably is still pregnant, in the last scene in the cafe she was about to tell the Doctor something before the conversation turned to Gallifrey. Besides, Orson Pink still needs to be born in the future with Danny and Clara as his ancestors. I'm surprised it wasn't revealed in this episode though. 




 After watching the preview of this episode, here is what I think will happen:
Clara is pregnant, that is what she was calling to tell Danny before he died. Danny is going to die in this episode and be converted into a Cyberman. When converted into a Cyberman, something will happen that causes him to retain emotions and memories of Clara, they will then discuss Clara's pregnancy and have a heartfelt goodbye.
Clara's baby will then be the ancestor of Orson Pink. 
























