 Ok will do, thanks! 




 I would like to see Tristam and WRLD, i want to see what they are capable of producing together. 




 yeah, but it didnt get posted cause my account was to new at the time 









 It was posted on braken's soundcloud recently and the vocals sound like tristam so it is most likly a collab between the two. 









 Thanks man i didnt know that. 


































 thank you :) 




 As a fan of dubstep, i like this alot! 














 Nope its not photoshopped, its from the hubble telescope, its a very old picture though (from the 1990s i think) 














 Gamingphile - 
A fondness for gaming. 





























 cool, where you from? 




 England, my weekend is going good, just chillaxing :D Also just got into reddit, i had an old account ages ago, but now im actually starting to post and stuff. You? 




 :) :) 




 :) 




 i am, thanks to you :) 




 haha thanks :) 




 sure :D although comment karma is what i need now :o 




 :) 




 The first and last time she will be seen like this... 
























 exactly :D 




 you too :) 




 true lol 




 trust me they arent, not here at least. 




 Dad is like 5'10, mom 5'7" 









 My parents arent even tall though lol, how tall are you? 




 haha xD 




 Cool, im like 6 ft and im only 14, nearly 15 lol. My origins are from india too. 
























 No, for me it links a fifa video 




 Works fine for me 









 Ok, sorry. 









 Oh dear... 




 You too :D 









 :D 





























 ^.^ Free Karma for all! 




 Thank you 3

People submit song to me, and i find some on other youtube channel which need promoting

Yes, the logo was designed by me (apart from the 5 dots and ring as that symbolises i am a part of the edmDistrict)

And no, not really, i just love music, i cant really make it at all ;P 




 I runa  youtube channel promoting music. 
https://www.youtube.com/user/OfficialCodCombined

Psst! You can go now! 









 t3933652 enjoy! 







































 I hope it goes well :) 




 It's meant to be played in the background or while your doing something (e.g playing a game) and plus there's a visualizer so I didn't really think about transitions. 




 What do you mean by transitions? 









 It's up now :) 




 Lyrics:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o33Jfyxc-3g feature=youtu.be 









 Well I'm in the UK, so it's a bit different here, all of the people in my year/grade (year 10) have to take all the sciences, maths  religious studies etc and I take an exam at the end of next year which is our 1st important exams we do here. Thanks for the nice comment :) I appreciate it :) 




 Thanks :) 

Hmm about careers idk, I'm pretty good with computers so maybe a computer related job, but I'm also quite academic so anything which interests me really (unless it's physics cause I'm terrible at that :p) 
























