 But...Italy can't top...it's not right... 




 Downloaded it a couple hours ago and I love it!!  




 Are you only first discovering the awesome that is magic ocarina???? It's a smule app like magic piano but more mystical. 




 Dat tree 




 Accio. Most definitely. You can always use it to get yourself a tool to kill someone with anyways. 




 Hope you're okay with some Japanese songs;
Air Force Ones-nelly
Dancer in the Dark- Megurine Luka
After dark- Asian Kung fu generation
Alones- aqua timez
Awake and alive- skillet
Boom boom boom boom- vengaboys
Burn it down- linkin park
Byouteki kikkyu Nikki- uverworld
Caramelldansen-caramell
Cherry saki yuuki- an cafe 
Those are all I can get right now. Hope I helped!
 




 I invade people's personal space. Often.
 




 Autobots...they won't try to annihilate me. 




 I think all cable networks have a porn section. Only problem is you paid for this one.  




 All of the comments before me are so...technical (and probably correct). I was going to say photoshop and be done with it...now I have to learn... 




 Lost it at the monster mash.  









 Thanks! I've decided to just go ahead and jailbreak. There isn't that much to worry about I guess! 




 This isn't what I think of when I think of the Axis Powers...but it's more accurate than Hetalia...probably... 




 That was terrible XDD 




 Where was credit given to 9gag? The watermark? Then 9gag has written us a bibliography.  




 Reddit, have we really come to taking posts from 9gag? We're still bitching at them for doing the same thing to us.  














 The control of bamboo. Must be a lovely thing.  




 I can never get my arms to bend right so I always end up either in a strange position or using a pencil or something...

Well...I guess eyeballs could count. But it's probably not as satisfying as a ball scratch.  




 That they would. I'd find it surprising for any guy to agree with me.  




 Yep. 









 I actually read the whole thing...and about the pics. I think the preview is either legit or accurate. I wouldn't really want pics for the shit lasagna tub though. 




 The fact that my name is used in the same story as Comic Sans worries me.  




 It ran away from my computer. And it will never come back.  




 Kuroshitsuji. Just explain anime as sexy men that fight and it's also full of sexual innuendos.  




 On le front page! Congrats on both achievements! 




 Me and my friend actually had quite the debate about this. She kept saying green while I insisted black; the glass over the reflective part is green. The actual reflective part is black. What do you think reddit? 




 Harry Potter plot canyon:
Think back to Sorcerer's Stone. Remember how Hagrid got Harry from the house? 
Now think up to Deathly Hallows. Snape got Harry. 
I always found Harry Potter plot holes the most fun ^_^ ((I was actually hoping I would get to show off this 'discovery' on reddit. I'm not saying I'm the only one who noticed this though.)) 




 Go to the store and buy some of those cone facemasks (I've found a pack of four for $2). Put those on and tie something around your head. Go to every store in the vicinity. Occasionally just stand on the sidewalk. The looks from other people make this the most fun.  




 The kindergartners at an elementary school in my town (Well, two schools) all have iPads in the classrooms. When I was in kindergarten (not too long ago actually, about about nine years ago), we had blocks. Not legos. Blocks that would connect to each other up and down but you had to tape them together to make cars and such. Not iPads. Yet at my school we have two 6 year old Macs for all of us to share then a bunch of PCs. Kids need to start being kids again.  




 Want. Miko. Want.  




 (http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en safe=off biw=1024 bih=653 gbv=2 tbm=isch tbnid=HyVMTxlXe-cw2M: imgrefurl=http://thecustomizewindows.com/2012/01/gold-nib-fountain-pen-photopraph-alike-digitally-rendered-wallpaper/ docid=EVxMK40oFrLH7M imgurl=http://thecustomizewindows.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Gold-Nib-Fountain-Pen-Wallpaper.jpg w=700 h=410 ei=E-m6T52ZLIr68gSxz6TVCg zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=183 vpy=368 dur=462 hovh=172 hovw=293 tx=154 ty=86 sig=112649952115770607501 page=1 tbnh=104 tbnw=177 start=0 ndsp=15 ved=1t:429,r:6,s:0,i:115) 




 These are all of the Vocaloid songs on my iTunes. Some are covers, and I tried to remove any repeats. Sorry about the lack of links...it would take quite a while to link to all of these. I know there is a lot of Gakupo here...I love Gakupo and there wasn't enough of him! I'll gladly give you links to these if you would like though!

Alumina--Kamui Gakupo

Angel Flower--Kamui Gakupo

Avatar--Kamui Gakupo

Bloody Fang--Kamui Gakupo

Breathe--Kamui Gakupo

Butterfly On Your Right Shoulder--Rin and Len Kagamine	

Corruption Garden--Luka Megurine

Dancing Samurai--Kamui Gakupo	

Daughter of Evil--Rin Kagamine

Two Faced Lovers--Kamui Gakupo, Kagamine Len, and Kaito

The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku--Miku Hatsune	

Dreaming Little Bird feat. Gumi--Kamui Gakupo	

Ebony Flower--Kamui Gakupo and Hatsune Miku	

Endless Nightmare--Kamui Gakupo	

Episode.0--Kamui Gakupo		

Floating Love, Moon Flower feat. Gumi--Kamui Gakupo	

Gaku Gaku Ni Shite Kureru--Kamui Gakupo

Ievan Polkka--Miku Hatsune	

Jewelfish--Kamui Gakupo

Kaito Models World Is Mine--Kaito	

Karakuri  Burst--Hatsune Miku and Megurine Luka

KarakuriBurst (  )--Rin and Len Kagamine	

Kokoro--Rin Kagamine

Kuroi Touno Ouji--Kamui Gakupo

LOVELESS--Kamui Gakupo

Madness of Duke Venomania--Kamui Gakupo

Magnet-- Kamui Gakupo	

Matryoshka--Kaito	

Miyabi Uta--Kamui Gakupo

Omoide--Kamui Gakupo

Owata--Kamui Gakupo

Paranoid Doll--Kamui Gakupo

Phantom Of The Opera--Kamui Gakupo	

PoPiPo--Kamui Gakupo

Rafflesia--Kamui Gakupo	

Servant of Evil--Len Kagamine	

Shanghai Disco--Kamui Gakupo	

Shinkirou no Janna--Kamui Gakupo

Singing Of The Dragon--Kamui Gakupo

Stargazer--Kamui Gakupo

Tell Your World--Miku Hatsune

World Is Mine--Miku Hatsune
 




 And that ladies, is why tampons are the route to go.  




 I look back at memories from when I was a kid and since it was a while back, I can only remember a few things. Things I remember about my room are blue, my sisters room is red, and the kitchen is green. Outside is orange or white.  




 Cool! I never knew there was actually a name for it.  









 I must say, using reddit as advertisement was a wise choice.  




 Yes. All the time. I'm usually thinking about Hetalia or such though.  




 I got my mom a cake...well...I made it. 




 I would still recreationally sleep and eat.  




 ...Rammstein memes overload....XD 




 You...are...a...saint. 

Well, really I don't want to take notes to write a script tomorrow...and cleaning is too mainstream. 

But tis a valid point. I should indeed get off the internet.  




 Where was it??? GIVE ALL THE RAMMSTEIN RAGE ENCOUNTER UPVOTES!!!! 




 Yes...it was a guy that dresses like a woman. I *do* know the difference. 




 The leg sticking out is really bothering me... 




 There was a transvestite named Riley addicted to being an adult baby on my strange addiction...striking resemblance too... 




 Sometimes I do, but then I think of people's intelligence level and one of the most widely known products is a blanket with sleeves. Then I start to think that around 2010 we started going backwards... 




 Thanks! 




 "Wait...no...nevermind...we actually...and then...*insert contradiction here*...bro you just had to be there." my favorite.  




 The only students I tend to see on reddit are engineering students.  




 I think everyone needs to give this kid a cookie.  




 My teachers get all on my case along with the rest of the planet. When ever someone asks me "Why are you so quiet?" (I'm not really a quiet person...at all) I respond with "I really shouldn't plot murder out loud.  




 ...dafuq? _

That definitely belongs here... 









 http://imgur.com/RmtZU

Did my best! 




 Zelda on SNES....memories ^_^ 




 The blank spots in the packaging. They're irritating.  




 Can't...by the time I decide to get out of the shower, the water is freezing and I have to do gymnastics to rinse my hair... 




 Indeed. 




 You look a tad like Emma Watson. But these are awesome!! 




 Seen this comment on this video at least 5 times now XD 









 Well, those of us who can spell properly aren't exposed to search results that are spelled lyk d1s.  




 I would be in dire need of new trousers.  




 Just to correct....this is transformers animated. 


And my childhood is ruined. 




 I am not alone. When I was younger I always tried to put myself into a state of just consciousness.  




 Take a snuggie, phone/laptop, and snacks with for the poopy process. Much more relaxing.  




 Someone better take a cactus over there.... 









 Yes!!! Im always much better with a pen (or liquid pencil), good with a mechanical pencil, and pretty bad with just a pencil.  




 Le Jesus of bubbly beverages.  




 Well....smells is an easy one. You know that fresh 'snow just melted and no one has allergies yet' smell? Every time I smell that smell I think of elementary school and have a dire need to go on some monkey bars.  




 i find it silly i just gave it its 666th upvote ^_^ 




 Good to help the unknowing...with STDs.  




 one does not simply...create a rage comic. 


must study le art of rages. took me 3 months of viewing masterpieces to make my first rage.  




 psh...once youve seen blue waffles, youve seen it all 









 The Help. i figured it would be one of the worst movies ive ever seen considering my sister picked it ((shes the opposite of me...i prefer action/horror/blow up movies)) and the setting is quite a few years back. it was /actually/ pretty good.  














 XD Well...better not to lie! 




 actually, google is on the confirmed list of sites going down http://sopastrike.com/ 




 Indeed...especially when crash is involved *epic trollface* 


































 I only add people I know outside of reddit as mods. And if they have more than one account, they can use the account that is already moderating.  




 Boxers or briefs? 




 How exactly do you make a beacon?
 




 The seed is 'gnocci' and the mountains get good at x -285 y 106 z 407. 














 The first thing I noticed in the album was the Deathly Hallows graffiti.  









 Mules are sterile. 




 I decided I would update the software on my iPhone. No problem, right? Wrong. I look and it shows the 'connect to iTunes' logo. That's not right. Next, I saw a notification that my iPhone was in recovery mode and needed to be restored. I figured there was no other way to fix this since it was stuck on that screen, so I restored of course. I'm just hoping I'm not alone on this.  




 This made me cry! I'm getting the last issue...I don't care what it takes!! 




 I accidentally built a house at cloud-level...but only the 2nd floor is at cloud level. It's pretty irritating to go upstairs and then there is a giant cloud taking it's time going through my house.  




 FAKE. Nobody has that signal with At T. 




 Piranha.  




 87...A ton of these names decided to run away from my mind. Time for a marathon... 




 I would put my best skill at procrastinating, but if that's not accepted, then I guess I'll just make them all feel a bit too awkward.  




 This is fantastic! I'm glad nothing like this happens to me; I'm also glad you're alright (physically, anyways)! Message me when next part comes around!
 









 I've used this a couple times. You can change the angle and difficulty (how fast it 'scrolls'). It's pretty fun and the faster it moves, the better the workout.  




 I'm wondering if I should even bother updating or not...It seems there are more complaints about 6 than praise.  




 I know that (I actually prefer that subreddit), but my friend really wanted one Luka-centric. So I gave her her subreddit...and tried to explain it wouldn't grow that large.  




 Absolutely.  




 I didn't put it there, actually. My building skills are quite horrendous. And I was on creative and like to use glowstone instead of torches around my house.  









 At least he didn't click an NSFW links...from what we can see. 
 




 The fridge seems like a good deal until you realize that $100.00 buys about 3-4 bags of decent groceries.  



















 If they do take out all of the well known characters for 4, the movie will do as fantastic as the final seasons of G1. Once the characters people know and love are gone, they stop watching.  









 Back in 6th grade I had the pleasure of watching one of my classmates do an oral report after having vodka for lunch. It was hilarious. He never got in trouble. Just suspended for doing other stupid shit.  




 GET SOME HOT SAUCE ON THAT SHIT. 









 I was playing Minecraft and noticed the sun looked a bit odd. It was a solar eclipse! Has anyone else witnessed this? If so, how often does it happen? 




 I honestly found the Bount arc terrible. And I thought it was canon back then-so it was supposed to be awesome! 




 That's a dub I haven't heard in a long, long time. 
 




 The only person I am super picky about, is Kisuke MUST be played by Owen Wilson. 




 You have a problem with pictures of a dead fetus posted online yet you're on r/WTF?  




 Fake. 




 Honestly, you should try to stay around people as much as possible. With this, the last thing you should do is isolate yourself. That's when the bad stuff always happens; when people get the logic of "I'll stay alone to save others." If he is truly this crazy, you being out of the way wouldn't necessarily stop him.  



















 This belongs on facepalm (facebook post) and it shouldn't be here (it's a screenshot, check the rules). Also, I really don't get it... 




 Hetalia has mentions of WW2 and focuses on the Axis and Allies.  




 Well...I am quite the Hetalia fan. So, whilst I was in social studies, we were already getting rather off topic and in my corner of the room, we were talking about WW2. I decided to blurt out "I love the axis! Germany is lovely!" My teacher didn't appreciate that and I had to go through and explain Hetalia to a room of non-anime viewers. 




 What's the age range? 














 Austria. 




 I think this is pretty awesome for LP and Transformers fans like me...but I'll never get one.  




 It's a my little pony extension for google chrome (ponyhoof).  














 Bidding ended at about $250.00. Little less..But that tab makes scary sounds.  














 J-just take all of my upvotes!!! 




 how...did...you...FIND THIS??? I could hug attack right now!!! 



















 More like Italian.  




 My friend wants to be buried in a tomb of anime plushies...mostly Sasuke.  




 We all remember in the first movie when Hagrid went and got Harry from his house after the attack, right? Well, what about when in the last movie it was Snape to get Harry out of the house? This is definitely the biggest plothole I have seen in the series. Feel free to correct me, Potter fans, if I'm incorrect on something.  




 Break Stuff -Limp Bizkit. My I'm pissed off song.  




 Skillet is a Christian band.  




 Don't mean to brag or anything...but...crotch scratches are nice.  




 One does not simply...get sick of pasta.  




 I really didn't realize how many pics I went through until I was done! That was quite the adventure though! I didn't think it would look so nice towards the end after seeing everything torn apart. Well done! 




 Will you be a redditor when you're older? 









 My sister works in a salon and gets hair splinters in her feet all the time. 




 Considering how anti-9gag reddit is, at least crop out the logo to avoid ridicule.  









 We were talking about alliances and stuff...I got sent in the hall after laughing about Germany invading France...three times.  




 Boxers or briefs? 




 My brother in law has worked countless hours in factories for the past six years to support my sister, my niece, and now my newborn nephew, and my sister doesn't even give him a birthday card or say thank you. He's sacrificed everything down to his laptop (she kept hers though) to keep them out of the streets and she is asking for a new otter box. She also hasn't had a full time job in the whole time they've been together...spent the past six years on an assistant teacher degree that she dropped out on a month before she would have finally graduated.  




 World is mine hatsune miku 














 GerIta, USUK, Spamano 




 Psh...once you've seen blue waffles, you've seen it all. 









 It was probably the only time Italy ever followed orders from Germany!  




 A walkthrough had to be a mood killer XD.  




 He has to be a little impatient...Italy probably has no idea what he's doing! 




 That might just break the internet...in the most awesome way possible.  
























 I can't upvote this enough.  




 I don't have to listen to you and your anarchy. 




 I wouldn't mind...it might actually be interesting seeing how this happens. The biggest of my concerns is the flags. They might just change the meaning of 50 stars is they're lazy enough.  




 _ So happy! No more grown men arguing like little girls! 




 Maximum health. And a bad ass cape. 




 [All I can think of.](http://http://imgur.com/CBuA4)

((NSFW)) 




 Well, Obama's got reddit's vote. He did an AMA *and* is encouraging us [to exit our internet hidey holes] to vote! 




 We find out in another story...he was crushed by a giant shipment of oranges and ladies in white dresses. 
Edit: I accidentally a word. 




 It's not filler nor canon. It's an extra. That's all. Fillers are put in just the anime, yet manga extras can still be in there, just not part of the plot. Fillers can end up being more relevant than extras.  




 I learned that trick from reddit-thank you for saving me from trying to use it and leaving someone with a hot, soapy, shit soup in their toilet.  




 I just literally say 'etc' if I have to because I can never remember how to say it.  




 Sent an email...got one back quickly. I let the conversation escalate before I commented though. 
Conversation so far (I'm bolded):
**Hello~**
squiggly line ~~~~~~~~~
haaaaa.

s



Thank you for sending us this report. Your opinion is highly valued, and we'll be sure to get back to you if you need any more information.

DDXX Ubuntu Team
**...you okay?**
spiffiing. Im swamped with loving messages. i feel friends. feel them. 

feel. That's funny. ha.

Thank you for sending us this report. Your opinion is highly valued, and we'll be sure to get back to you if you need any more information.

DDXX Ubuntu Team
**Why is feeling funny?**
just speak it. you can speak, you're normal. I'm not. not normal. not normal. not normal. i can't speak you know thtats why i typeisthatnotobviousbynow.

feel. would be funny in speech, is not not. I hear.

Thank you for sending us this report. Your opinion is highly valued, and we'll be sure to get back to you if you need any more information.

DDXX Ubuntu Team








*Not sure where I should go with this conversation now. *
 




 This is quite an awesome build. I downloaded the world to get a better look. It's fantastic! 




 I've woken up right before my alarm and in my sleep induced drunk, I started panicking, wondering if I downloaded the right texture pack the previous night so I could get dressed, and then proceeded to look for my laptop in the bathtub. I wish I had a good excuse for that.  




 YES! Glad he won! 




 Thanks! 




 This takes patience and skill that I simply do not have. I applaud you.  




 I'm not Hispanic, but I'm rather advanced in Spanish. When I read things out loud I use proper pronounciation and accent, but there's always that idiot that says "stop acting Mexican!". So I have to dumb it down to heavy r's and d's.  




 The hill I go snowboarding at has a conveyor lift listed on the bunny hill. It must be new this year, since last year there were only ropes. Is this an actual conveyor belt for snowboarding/skiing? 




 WE NEED UPDATES!!! Unless you're dead...then that would be crazy...or this just annihilated the ending. Or Rose hacked him. Fuck...now I'm overthinking nosleep. 




 My radio likes to turn on on its own. All it does is make loud, irritating, static. Usually I don't mind...sometimes I'm even too lazy to get up and turn it off. When it does this in the middle of Rose's dialogue, I can't help but throw things at it in fear.  




 I am a native speaker and I thought that was a saying.  




 Repost of something posted 12 days ago.  




 Marilyn Manson. Horrible live.  




 Well that's a lot of nope!  




 How much are they?  




 Thank you for living a dream for those of us who stay in internet caves.  




 The curl and Gilbird says it all.  




 If I didn't know any better I would say she was a Hetalia fan. 




 Fuck cleanliness too.  




 Ugh..that's going to take a while...I guess that's payback for derping up. Thanks! 




 I accidentally changed my spawnpoint...twice. The first time I tried the command, I thought it would take me to my spawnpoint. Since I didn't go anywhere, I tried it again thinking I entered it wrong. Turns out, I changed my spawn point twice. Is there any way I can reverse this? (I'm in a superflat and have been searching the Nether for my portal. Haven't had any luck with that..) 









 One of the features of the update says that Herobrine was removed. Is Mojang trolling us or was Herobrine actually there? 




 ^_^ 




 Then a membership is definitely something I'm willing to invest in. Thanks! 




 If you have an Underground membership, can you download all of the previous CDs/order them? (LP8 is the best!) 




 "Oh shit...didn't they do that thing with Jay-z?"
Or
"Faggots. Why do you listen to that screamy emo shit?"
OR 
"FUCK YEEEEEEEEEEAH!" 




 I like guys who are just a bit too socially awkward than expected...not necessarily the type to sit at a computer all day, but more of the kind that's almost too shy to say hi to random people. (And OP's quirk: awesome.) 




 The other one is Project Diva~ 




 Would love to...but, there's a bit of an ocean in the way. But a meetup would be awesome! 




 Same here over in Wisconsin...the snow cam is so uneventful. 














 I know Hatafutte Parade, Mein Gott, Absolutely Invincible British Gentleman, and Excuse me, I'm Sorry were performed, but I'm wondering if there were any others as well.  




 I always tell people my dreams if they're interesting; and I hate being a hypocrite. But when people tell me about how 'demonic' or 'dark' their dream was, I usually get irritated. The only thing more irritating is when my friend tells me she doesn't dream and when she does it's a sign that something bad will happen and she should stay home and watch TV that day. 




 Do you get your period on both? And if so, at the same time? 




 We broke another website...overloaded. 




 Not all of them are wrapped in the plastic. I've seen them at bookstores open; they expect everyone to be mature and buy it or pirate the ebook before reading it in public. 




 I was wondering that too....it just disappeared. Nothing with 20000+ points just disappears. 




 We have a bunch of those in our science classroom. They're not plugged in though... 




 Found it again! 









 Yet the textbooks at my school are falling apart... 




 You lucky lucky female you,  




 It was! I could fly across it at a point. I took out my compass trying to find my way back to my spawn point. It told me my spawn point was right next to the huge thing! So I was dumb enough to fall out of the world...no such luck. Maybe I'll be lucky enough to come across something like that again. There were even diamonds in the caves! 




 There's trees on top too-a whole biome! 














 If someone took my bike like that, I wouldn't even be mad. They obviously deserve it more than me.  









 Licorice. It seems the whole planet loves it, and thinks Twizzlers are the best candy in the world, but I just can't seem to see how it tastes so fantastic.  




 Thanks!
 




 Okay, this seems like a really dumb question, but I was wondering if Minecraft had to be updated for anvils to be available, since I can't craft them.  




 I have that printer...it sucks shit. Can't even print out a simple document without screwing up.  




 My friend can't remember anything. It annoys the living hell out of me when she can't remember plans or something but can remember anything science and math related. If I hadn't met her brother, I would think she was full of shit. Even though sometimes I do anyways... 




 "Rowling would not rule out another book set in Voldemort-ville. But as far as "Harry's story is concerned," Rowling said, "I'm done." This is the part of the article that makes me excited.  




 What is your favorite bath and body works scent? How often do you use calculators? 




 http://i.imgur.com/XosMF.png
Well this is a fine discovery.  




 Buy Lucky Charms (cereal).  




 Sometimes I'll be looking through a photo album and she just drifts across the page. It definitely livens things up!
 




 Pinkie's~ 




 Most certainly! 




 What's your favorite kind of chicken? (My friend's been wondering.) 









 That's Soundwave before he was copyrighted as such. 




 No problem! 




 http://imgur.com/a/iTN5R#0 




 Posted! 









 In science, some kid started to explain how retarded it was that we had to study paramecium. Someone decided to reply with "Don't say retarded you fucking fag!" 




 Most certainly! 




 I am honestly impressed with this website; It has tracks from extremely well known artists to artists from overseas. Even character songs! This is definitely going into my favorites~! 




 So...I guess we broke another website.  




 The bubble wrap bag things came with Vault. I was so excited when I saw the package! 




 Whelp, I'm done eating for life.  




 But they're still sending deaf students to a concert... 


































 We have to use the damn red ones with ovals. But I make circles anyways. 




 Good luck getting a scantron on an Algebra 2 test. No where to show your work. 




 So there is no HB #3 pencil?  




 Ultimate. I don't *really* know what I'm doing so I just stand in our goal and wait til my team throws it at me. Then I catch it. 
Thanks~ I really surprised myself with it! 




 I was thinking (instead of catching frisbees) about support. From others. I started to relate it to a bed of nails. Have you ever laid on one? It's painless (unless your hair gets caught!). Why? Because there are so many nails to rely on. Think of your supports, whether drawing, or a friend, or a sibling, destroying bubblewrap, painting, whatever those supports are that stop you from self harming at that moment, as the nails in the nail bed. It REALLY hurts to lay on just one nail alone, and if the bed of nails is just in the sky, you will fall without support. The more you have, the better and easier it is. I'm getting somewhere with this. And where I'm going is, find something. Some type of support for yourself. You can talk to someone, draw, sing, listen to music, or do something silly like wear as many shoes as possible then make noises, it doesn't matter! If it stops you from hurting yourself or others, do it! I'd like to find someone who went to the ER for drawing their cat as the Mona Lisa. 

* **TL;DR:** The more nails (supports) you have, the less it hurts.  




 1: I think they wear clothes underneath them, like a skirt or pants and a dress shirt. 
2: I've always thought they open in front, but then again it's right and left with robes and cloaks with me. 
3: I think the plain robes are a requirement for first years, as your crest and colors get added once you're sorted. 
4: Maybe the hoods attach? I think it might be the cloaks that have a hood.  




 I actually agree with this a ton. Harry was quite the asshole in the last book. Ron and Hermione were *constantly* trying to help and instead of contributing to the suggestions they gave him, he decided to do what he wanted and argued with them about why they were wrong. We get it Harry, you have no family. No need to start all of the angst so soon. Leave it in the fanfiction please. 




 I spent the past 15 or so trying to click on it.  




 Today I realized I missed the signups for ALL of the secret santas! 




 Other than that I've spent the past fifteen minutes trying to catch the snitch, I actually ended up seeing Dumbledore in a new light going for round two of the books. I was completely with Snape when he said Dumbledore had practically raised Harry like a pig for slaughter. I don't know if I didn't see it the first time because of all of that Dumbledore sparkle or what, but it took a second reading of the whole series and some movie watching to see how that worked. 









 This is an exquisite list. Shall definitely use some of these! 




 If the people that email your kids get an email notification that you receive a copy of the messages, she could have been fully aware of this, and secretly seeking adult help. Going incognito like this is one of the easier and quieter ways of screaming for help.  




 He's a bit of an ass about it, but for some people, the guilt trip works. If a celebrity went and made a video like this, the world would be all over it. Some people have a tough form of caring, and I think this guy has that. But it doesn't work to 'just stop'. Just stop smoking. Hell, just stop breathing. Forever. Not that easy, is it? 




 Thanks; I try not to listen to him. He's never been one to 'understand' what's going on with his kids until it directly affects him, and even then it's  more understanding that things aren't happy for him.  




 Craft stores. Dat smell.  




 Snape was an asshat to Harry because he was an asshat to everybody. It would be odd if suddenly Snape bowed down to the Gryffindor King. Snape's character is just pretty damn bitter towards life I guess, and I can see why. 




 I got it for free more as a "if I like this shit I'll buy the game" type of thing. I don't want to spend $25 on a game I don't like or  is only mildly interesting. I'm too lazy to print it too. 




 That's my plan. 




 I've been told that by my dad when I tried to tell my parents I was depressed. All I got out of it was that I was a 'self centered attention seeking fuck'. It definitely doesn't help the situation.  




 A blood bomb is when you period decides to do a surprise attack and BAM. Red hurricane. 




 Personally, I don't like how everything that was easily accessible in the sidebar previously is now moved to an almost hidden location. 




 I'll give them a try! I've been trying to read more than just posts on the internet anyways~
 




 It is well written, I just can't get into it; it's not my genre. I prefer science-fiction and action. 




 18-20. This won't be a fun night. 




 Study for a math test, a TON of worksheets, 3 chapters of To Kill A Mockingbird, a worksheet on Stalin, and a lab report. Yay. On the bright side, I've still got twelve hours or so.  




 I've started studying and ended up drawing all over a page of my textbook-luckily it was in pencil.  




 This was wonderful. I may not be able to relate to the bloody chair, but blood bombs, most definitely. And the worst is when they happen on the ONE day you don't wear a liner.  




 Only protection I have is Atheism. But all these religious people in my house are going to screw me over some how.  




 My bathroom has one on every wall. So in order to turn on the light you see at least 3. Fuck.
 




 Now...how in the hell do I tell more people than there are in r/nosleep?
GONEWILD. 




 Davey. Wavey. He is an expert in all things gay-yes. Eyes is the best way. OOR you could stalk them. I find that a fun method~ 




 I had a [horrible] friend that was homeschooled. She entered public school in 7th grade. Bad move. Her social skills were HORRIBLE. As in, she had her own cell phone, but left it at home (which was across the street from school) so she would use one of our cell phones. I'm fine letting my friends use my phone if their's is dead, they don't have one, or they forgot it that day. But she does it intentionally. She also had a bad habit of being...stuck up? Nosy? Acted like she was better and knew more because she skipped a grade. Not to mention, all of the times I have invited her over, she never slept over. Once she had a mattress to herself, a lamp on, all the pillows and blankets necessary, and then insisted on turning a fan on (in October!). Two of us were already sharing a mattress and one was on a pile of blankets, so we were ticked. Then she left at about 11 to which we were all happy. Sorry if this seemed more like a rant, and I could go on, but from my experiences, many of the homeschool (even private school) students I've met have not been pleasant. I have met a total of one homeschool student that was nice, but she also has been in sports, therefore, interacting. 




 4. Feelin awesome. This test knows what it's doing. 




 I actually have a black one of these. It's fun to walk around town with my phone stuffed in my pocket and talking on this.  









 Emma changed the most. 




 Slamming it shut is another great solution. 




 I believe it! I'm not grossed out easily, but sometimes the smell of what we're working with is just horrid.  




 My sister announces her shit status to her boyfriend rather openly. They have been together for well over a year so I think things are going well.  




 I don't know if it's the brush or what, but the last one looks awesome. Glad you found a good outlet! 




 The hour before lunch is always the longest. And I have Biology before lunch, so if we do a particularly gross lab that day, appetite gone until *right* after lunch. 




 GRELL! Would not have minded for a second had Grell sat on me~ 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS1uDnIPTvo) Is always fucking hilarious. 




 I don't recite the Pledge. I can't remember the last time I did. I don't like pledging my 'allegiance' to a country that I'll probably end up moving out of when I'm older. When we analyzed the Pledge in US History, I realized that it's a bit odd to be having kindergartners learning that.  




 Thank you~ 




 Thanks~! I do love Transformers~ 




 I like the new logo...wish I'd hovered over it earlier! 




 What I love about it is thinking of what you could do in a Cyberpunk society. It's so much more fun.  




 No problem~! I can't keep these awesome pictures to myself when I find them! 




 The download button on DA gives the highest resolution available.  




 What is the point of going to one of these events? 









 I'm in high school taking Principles of Engineering (Project Lead The Way) and the big semester project that we're doing is an interview of an engineer in the field. I don't know any engineers personally, so if anyone is willing to help, that would be awesome! There aren't too many questions, just about engineering. All of them are on the sheet (pictures). Anyone who volunteers, no personal information will be shared (except my teacher of course)!
[Side 1 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/RAwXx)
[Side 2 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/BCyjl) 














 My school has a GSA, and I know a few LGBTeens, but they're friends so it's a bit lonely for me too. Just gonna have to wait things out! (Too bad we can't start our own LGBT colony!) 




 Okay, thanks! 




 How does this 'everything free' work? I don't see anything about it on the site. Am I lost? 




 What if the straps were to snap? 




 Grazie! 




 Know what else is weird? Bible fanfiction. I'm not so much shocked that it exists as that there's so much of it... 




 You're not alone. I might be a bit more skilled if it actually snowed soon... 




 I think I'll just stick to bitching at people with words...to stay on the safe side. 




 Thanks! And I'm good with any gender~ 




 Thanks~! 









 And people say Reddit is a waste of time.. 




 I'm American and didn't realize how much I loved Twinkies until I had a meltdown at in the store at the empty shelf with the announcement taped on.  




 Sup. 









 I've been sick with that cold/flu mutant too, and I know those feels. But I've been at home...thank you for brightening my day though~ 




 If this has turned into a game, then yes. I am in as well. 




 I remember watching the first movie with fascination with my mom. My friend and I went to the theater to watch the last one and it took every atom in my body not to let the feels out.  




 Oh...SuFin is so sweet! It's good to know I'm not the only Hetalian here! And this comic is awesome even to people who don't know anything about Hetalia...has an awesome message.  




 That's okay. I accidentally smacked my friend's kitten in the face. I tend to talk with my hands a bit. It cuddled in forgiveness though~
 




 You copied and pasted every single one? Thank you for saving me (and the rest of us) the time and frustration. Too bad they went so fast though.  




 I love this theory...but sadly, it cannot be.  




 You sir, deserve a trophy. 




 XD Hitler vagina! I can sadly relate to a TON of these. As do most females. Now we get to see how many admit it. This is what happens when women get their own thread... 




 I keep  HUGE supply of tampons and liners in my backpack and sometimes a random girl (or one I hate) will ask me for one in the locker room. I've got plenty to share and I know that feel.  




 I thought of that position too.. 














 Ching Chime-Serj Tankian 




 You may want to block your name out of the corner.  




 A local Sendiks. They were going on about Leroy Butler burgers and such for the year anniversary.  




 Yes, they are quite good burgers. But I was still shocked that she stood in line for an hour when she could have made them probably better in less time. I then realized just how American my parents were when my dad proceeded to explain how they're related to football. 




 The only thing I can think of when I hear Special K is Disco Bloodbath.  
























 Cheez-its and Mountain Dew is a favorite. Oreos are also fantastic. 




 Flexing is not a turn on. I'm sorry. 
What is nice, is a randomly clean counter or something. You can flex your muscles all you want whilst wiping down that beer you just spilled instead of throwing a towel on it. 




 Puberty roulette master. 




 Dem eyes. 









 It's not the *worst*, but I know life's just not as easy for ugly people. I'd hate to have to see my kids deal with a ton of bullying and rejection because of a few bad genetics. 




 Wait...is NotaMethAddict Kyle or Thorian1990 Kyle? 




 I'm terrified to have children because of that. I'm not the worst looking person on the planet, and I probably won't end up with someone less than decent looking, but knowing my luck there will be that one gene from that one ancestor that fucks it all up.  




 It's an edited picture for a show where the countries are personified. In the show, they have glasses. America's are named Texas. 




 HETALIA. Gay nations everywhere. I hope I beat someone to pointing out this CanAme. 




 Futurama and MLP? *highfive!* Working on one now~ 




 Oh! I must be on the right track-I've worked with the Greybeards. 




 There's a big quest besides all of the Dragonborn stuff? I just got the game and went straight onto Dragonborn quests. It was escape being executed, Riverwood, Whiterun, YOU'RE A DRAGONBORN. I'm level 10 thinking the Dragonborn quests are the main ones.  




 I didn't like boys at all for a while (thank you Spy Kids). But then I saw Shark Boy and Lava Girl. Bi forever. So elementary school for me...and my first crush was a girl. But then some boys. I didn't know there was a 'right' and 'wrong' way to do it. Just liking people. 




 He got reddit gold. I'd consider that a very good thing. 




 Congrats! Your stories are absolutely amazing, I actually want to read them more than once-they never lose the effect! 




 Fuck. 




 I often feel the same way. One second I'm "OMG MEN" but then I just find it difficult to see myself in a relationship with a guy. I guess I just confuse myself a TON. 




 So cons I guess. It would take work to drag her out of the friend zone. 




 RP 




 Thanks! 




 This movie always puts me in a fantastic mood. And in the mood to get things done. 




 Both girls...so friend zone is okay. 




 [I'm not that bad.](http://i.imgur.com/jSfjA.png) 




 Yup! I love Pinkie Pie because she is just that awesome and always hunky dory.  




 Thanks! 




 We would wrap it around the playground a few times! 




 My mom picked some up for me and I'm just wondering if anyone has used it and if so, how do I use it? The packaging for Swix is never too descriptive. 




 My friends and I have sat all day and used tons of yarn to make these things yards long.  




 I want gold for Christmas...
And it did continue to you! But skipped him. 




 My mom was so proud she found it. I had a mental breakdown over the loss of Twinkies. 




 Yup! I got my xbox today so I hardly know what I'm doing. 




 Thanks~! 




 It says my email is already in use...but that's because I already have an account. How do I fix this? 




 I got the same Xbox package. I almost broke it rolling around in happiness. 




 Sorry, was trying to sneak the picture whilst standing in line to hand it in.
 









 Your HTML skills make me fear your photoshop skills. 




 Omnipotence. 




 Yup! Southeast Wisconsin. Can't wait to get to the hills tomorrow! 









 Being in Wisconsin, half of my teachers planned around the hopeful snow day. Others just planned for a movie or test (genius). 




 The middle ring-that's fine. The BOTTOM RING. NEIN. And of course it's the bottom right on *all* of my binders. 




 ...Do you at least get lack of snow days? 




 Relevant, because it was just announced that my school has a snow day tomorrow! 




 For those of you that get snow days, what is your plan for the day? Snowboarding? That homework you didn't do? All I know is that I have a huge can of Code Red and Minecraft in my taskbar waiting patiently for me! 




 You fuck. This was awesome. 




 The Algorithm. MATHCORE FTW. 




 Being a freshman, this is a dangerous attempt buuuut, here goes. 
 1. Walk on the right side of the hallway. I don't wish for you to walk over me.
 2. Don't you dare point out we were supposed to turn in homework 10 minutes before class ends. 
 3. Upperclassmen own the school. Get over it.
 4. If you are a freshman, walk against the wall. It saves the rest of the planet from walking into your backpack.
 5. Do not announce it is your birthday if you did not bring a snack. 85% of people at school don't care.
 6. We know you're tired. Anyone who has to wake up at 4:30 in the morning for school is tired. Stop complaining and go to sleep. 




 Alright, I have done my fair share of interesting presentations. You could do a paper and presentation on Japanese culture. Or Vocaloids. I was asked by a teacher to put together a powerpoint and the class was absolutely hooked by singing holograms. It really is fun to research. You could write a persuasive paper on a famous (or even controversial) person. I have a friend who wrote a persuasive essay on why Ivan the Terrible wasn't actually that terrible. Freedom and the Internet is also a go-to topic for me.   




 What type of topic are you aiming for? 




 Thank you! My brain must have shut down~ 




 Could someone explain the Imperialist? 




 I now enjoy you greatly. The only thing that could have made the Japanese better was if it was possible to put it in someone's voice. 









 Absolutely. I have a couple fandoms where I'm always thinking of more ideas, most of which I end up being too lazy to throw on paper. Others it is a rather painful experience and I hope that I never get a request for them. 




 From what I know, a group of griefers. They griefed the farm of my friends and I, who, from what I know, have done nothing to provoke any griefing. 




 Don't want to join due to fear of being a target, but you have gained an ally! I'm always willing to help others in the server!
Edit: Unless you're in my base/taking my stuff. Then I will either do my best to crush you or run away in fear. Probably the latter. 




 [Here's me before snowboarding a couple weeks ago.](http://i.imgur.com/V1iNo.jpg) It was also my first or second week on the server.  




 I can't stand the pointless griefing either. I get when two teams/players have a grudge between them or war is declared or something, but my friends and I built a huge farm open for use by anyone (as long as seeds are replanted) and we keep getting griefed. This isn't playing. This is immaturity. DFS and RoT have hit us so far.  




 This is awesome. But I didn't get asshole on my envelope. I got my name. 




 How did you find out? Did you do extensive research and come to the conclusion? Did you see a therapist? 




 I see. I'll make sure to watch for you guys then :) 




 What does the rest of it stand for? 




 Yes...I loved that base. It was a shared base. I have a much nicer one now. I needed to renovate anyways~ 




 I know it's a Hindu peace sign, but I doubt whoever made it intended it as such.  














 Not as much r/nosleep as much as it is r/wtf. 




 So...this app is only available in the UK... 




 When reddit shuts down and after half an hour of refreshing, only vaguely admitting defeat. 




 I see. That makes sense then. 
 




 But who knows how long each power would last? 




 College is free in the UK? Lucky! 




 Today the power (well, the lights) shut off in half the school and the network was down so we all got sent home.  




 I have these. They work really well.  




 I've come across settlements (and seen pictures) with HUGE amounts of obsidian. I'm just wondering where it all came from.  




 This tactic really doesn't work. It usually ends with "If you want to fuck up, go right ahead."  




 Nope, the 4. I don't have money (or the desire) for a 5 so I'm glad it's safe. 




 Unique? After looking at the comments here, I really have to find a different one. Let's see...I got it! That swoopy 2010 Bieber hair cut. No. I don't want to feel like I'm dating someone who is either 12 and/or just took a helmet off after a week. 




 Absolutely. Accents are awesome. My friend and I go nuts over them~ 
 









 Don't know; I'm more in the Sunburst/Little Switz area. They should have some snow made though, it's been cold enough.  




 I'm American and write similar to that. Not necessarily cursive, but not full on printing.  




 Momo and Rukia. I just couldn't stand Rukia from the beginning, and Momo is pretty damn useless. At least Komamura can use bankai. Or a decent shikai for that matter... 









 Yes, I dumped chocolate milk on my iPhone. It was charging pleasantly on the table. My cup of milk was sitting pleasantly near it. That is fuck up number one. Number two was when I decided to grab my cup for a drink of that lovely beverage. Miss. I hit the cup and the milk went flying on my phone. I have never ran so fast than when I did to get some rice to throw my phone in. I also managed to wipe excess milk off with my shirt. It has survived (for now-last time it got wet, it took days to take effect) and is currently in a bag of rice. Fuck.  




 I see. I've had teachers that go absolutely nuts over scantron. 4 question vocabulary quiz? SCANTRON. 




 You have to pay for them? 
























 I feel less alone now.  




 Anywhere there's not updated youth, I guess. 




 So I've been living in a cave....is this slang now?
 




 That's what I was thinking. Origin and the state of Origin was quite the give away. And the griefing being allowed.  




 I don't quite know what flavor, but it tasted great! 




 He wouldn't eat it, so I put it on his head. He was fabulous~~ 









 You sir, are my favorite asshole.  




 I would actually find your gayness a turn on. I always feel I'll end up alone because I tend to have more of a thing for gay men. There's just something about them.  




 I'm that way as well. I always want to know more about what frightens me. No problem. Answers are always fun to give when I have them.  




 I like to believe Bloody Mary can only be summoned. I'm a child when it comes to summoning less than pleasant things, so I prefer to believe they only go where they are wanted.  




 I don't think so. Charlotte seems like she would only visit those who want her presence.  




 My bathroom has a mirror on every wall. Showers are always terrifying. We have those glass/mirror sliding doors. Perfect scene for some demon to pop out and kill you in the middle of your repeat of shampoo.  




 I thought the same thing! I was highly infuriated. 




 I enjoy using Unrelenting Force in the library at the College. Watching the books fly at that orc...it feels good.  




 The Crimson Nirn quest. I discovered it on my third character. I haven't started it yet, but it's found by going into a ruin, and then a building in that ruin, then picking up some red nirn. So pretty easy to over look.  




 If you're having trouble finding where the glass chaos starts, /tp 0 64 0 




 Spock is definitely my ladyboner. He's just so...Vulcan. It's lovely. 
 




 I have never held much love for Rodimus/Hot Rod. He was okay in the movie at first. But then I started to be unable to stand him. He just really seemed to be a forced character. He couldn't be Optimus-he was far too inexperienced and didn't deserve leadership. He also acted far too much on direct emotion, in turn, getting Optimus killed.  




 Radioactive -Imagine Dragons 




 Thanks-I didn't know what it was called or what it was other than some plant. Good to know its not poisonous.  



















 The one thing that I'm really not linking about this map is the huge ice oceans and the mountains. That's about it-everything else is pretty grand.  




 Omai. This is worse than Voldemort and Crookshanks (Hermione's cat). 




 I actually came across a few cows wandering around the base. I was able to repopulate. If you need a cow, we could work on a price in PM.  




 I am only in need of one cow. I have a little bit of every ore along with stacks of melon and meat. I have carrots and potatoes too. State your price in a PM, and we can negotiate. I shall only trade with trustworthy players, who will not turn this transaction into a scam. I am mostly a farmer, and a non-PVPer unless in defense. 

EDIT: I have found cows. A gift from Notch. 




 And the cows are gone as well. I have some stuff in a hidden room to get the farm going again, along with tools. I'm usually pretty paranoid about griefing and prepare for the worst.  




 And a lovely one, too. 
 




 ...did you make it?  




 This...why is this link purple.... 




 The problem is, this comment is actually relevant.  




 I only allow myself to go down to 100 when I'm on reddit. If I have tabs open, I have to attend to those. Then get something done. Then keep redditing. 
 




 I really wish I hadn't emptied my base of all of my valuables. The minimap even had all of my old markers. 




 SEALAND! In the top five of my favorite countries. I actually screamed when I saw this post. 

So an actual question, do you plan on maybe expanding the country? 




 It should be known that freerice only works if adblock is off as the ads pay for the rice.  




 I have stayed up until inhuman hours searching for a way to get shaders going (accidentally updated before I had all the files for mods) and you just saved me from insanity. If only every comment on a forum was this helpful.  




 Only self posts don't get karma. 




 Did I miss part of this April Fools joke? Nothing is happening to me.  




 I've seen nobles on horses armed by an Imperial guard or two a few times. But never more than that. 6-8 would definitely be interesting. 




 The iron helmet was my favorite for the longest time, but after a while ebony ones started popping up and I decided it was time to up my armor a bit.  




 I wish I'd gotten this advice. I'm far too attached to my first character, and regretting dumb things I did in the beginning of the game, and realizing I screwed up too late. Like selling things I shouldn't have sold for a little bit of coin. At least I didn't obliviously toss away Dragon Priest masks! 




 You are required to wear the wooden mask to access the shrine, although there may be a bug/glitch to get past that.  




 CUDDLY FRIENDS??? *hug* My friends are rather anti-touching (unfortunately) so my frequent hugging and petting and such doesn't bode well. The last time I got a new friend was at a convention, so I guess minimal social advice from me. But you're not alone on this~ 




 Back in my day, food was *solid*.  




 Seinfeld. Get with it.  




 If it's rave-like music that has people just moving around, bounce slightly up and down while waving an arm or three in the air. Works every time. Slower songs, if you have a partner and you're both clueless, just rock sideways in a circle (as most teens won't waltz). 




 I would travel for free. And all the expensive food I want.  




 I'm not sure if you mean you found some covers or you're still a bit lost. I'll go with the latter. If I were to go out and buy Miku's voice (since she is simply software), and make her sing a Lonely Island song, it would be considered a 'real' Miku song as she did sing it.  




 I just read an article about this on Cracked. I LEARNED SOMETHING BEFORE IT WAS ON REDDIT. Just like Chef Ramsey actually saves very few restaurants.  




 I've used "I like my women like I like my glasses-sitting on my face!" It's quite effective. (Though before I may or may not be downvoted into oblivion, I take no credit for thinking of it) 




 I started shouting at him until I realized he wasn't trying to annihilate me.  




 This may just be the best thread I have seen in months. But I should probably contribute something. 

"'Erecto!' she added, pointing her wand at the misshapen, which in one fluid motion rose into the air"  




 "Fucking shit not now I'm at school." Sixth grade. Right before social studies I had to buy one of those cardboard applicator tampons. I take pride that my first tampon was successful. 




 I'd be pretty content-less griefing! 




 Thank you! When I logged back on today, the server was back in order, so you must have done some magic. Yesterday was absolute chaos. Now hopefully we can go back to being peaceful with each other~ 




 I'm not sure that means there is a lot of PVP, but I was attacked from behind by a slime. My health was low after the trip to Unity.  




 Hi! I died in Unity recently, and hadn't made a bed yet, so I'm back to square one and I'm afraid my stuff will have despawned by the time I make it halfway to Unity. If you come across a large pile (full inventory) of stings including an enchanting table, a couple brewing stands, some diamond, and a bunch of watermelon, it is probably mine (if there is a stack of beef in it, it is definitely mine). If you are willing to return some of the stuff to me, that's great! As a reward, well, I'm willing to negotiate. Probably most of the diamonds as I don't find too much use for them. And a brewing stand or two if you want.  




 What numbers are for saplings? That would be great for changing the saplings or just removing them. 




 [First and only.](http://i.imgur.com/kyiKUSB.png) 




 Wow. This accurately depicts my ex-friend [left] versus me [right] when it comes to gaming. Her xbox voice makes my ears bleed. "Yeaaahhh I'm a girl and my KD is higher than you! I know~~~~ No you can't see my boobies!!" 




 [Lilium.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJGUN7-PkyY) 




 My coming out to my two friends went like this: 

Friend 1: So guys, sexualities?

Me: Bi.

Friend 3: Bi. 

Friend 2: Bi.

All: O_O Well that was uneventful. *moved on to another subject* 




 Thanks~!

(Thanks for the tie help too-I really should learn it before anime con!) 




 [Here goes.](http://i.imgur.com/9avYKWS.jpg) 




 Thanks!

 




 I'm not out, so if I tell him I just don't want it to get around school then to my parents. I really don't care about school-it's the pretty anti-gay family I'm worried about. 




 This guy has randomly started talking to me on facebook. I already knew him at school, but we weren't close. I'm pretty sure he likes me. Even planned a date (we're to watch Big Bang Theory and Star Trek). He's really nice and funny, and we have similar interests, but it wouldn't work out. I like someone else. Not only that, but I don't think I can tell him that I don't necessarily like guys. So I guess I just need some help telling him no without hurting him-I don't want to be known as 'that bitch that friendzones everybody'. 




 That will be quite the challenge for me....meats and cheeses are my favorite foods! 




 I must ask...how do all of you girls get to these fruity flavors?!? 




 Transformers
 




 Is this some type of Elfen Lied reference? 




 I saw it was down....and held a mental funeral. 




 Thanks! 




 I tried the non-whitelisted server, and it was great! My friend and I started bases. I was in awe as I saw all of the available resources and mobs on a server. I'd be glad to be added to the whitelisted. IGN: MikoVargas, and I'm 15.  




 AnimeCon Milwaukee for those less familiar with the acronym ^_^ 




 First migraines: second grade. I would wake up in the middle of the night screaming, spend hours in the irritatingly bright nurse's office at school, it was not fun. I'm a freshman now (unfortunately) and I still get them. Painkillers and sleep? Coming up!  




 School spirit for a week with a big dance and football game at the end. It's mostly celebrating the athletes. 




 I always walked around doing a raptor impression (got friends to laugh...don't care how stupid I looked) then I got here and saw raptors. My brain made a tiny boom noise...I was pleased yet clueless. 




 As a freshman, it is my policy to walk against the walls and around other people. 




 Alas, Myspace has seen its time. I think it should retire and look back on its golden years. 




 We have semester finals Friday. Then Monday and Tuesday. Goodbye, borderline good grades! And I'm one of the nerds... 














 *Slow clap*. You did not shit yourself. You shit *yourself*.  




 Take all of my feels. Just take them. 




 After being home sick all day, I have now laughed so hard I almost peed. Thank you. 




 ######Ichigo supposedly being part Quincy. It came as a shock and a "well now he's more powerful than necessary...". And Squad Zero made itself look...less than badass.
 
























 I like single lane roundabouts. Once you add more lanes, the idiocy of the population kicks in. Most people just ignore the lanes in those.  




 What should I use to clean it?  




 /r/wtf has actually been making me say wtf. Thank you, reddit, for finally putting out weird shit again.  




 Suspensions have interested me since I first saw them, and I'm interested in doing one (or more if I like it), but I'm wondering if there's an age requirement (or an age you'd suggest) for it.  




 [These are probably what you're looking for.](http://www.sickplugs.co.uk/product/blue-snowglobe-plug) 




 I think 15-16 is the minimum. At that age, you have an okay scope of a job, college, and the rest of your life. At 10, you're hardly out of elementary school (if that). I also think that piercings should be fully the decision of the one being pierced. Pierced babies always frustrate me. I understand that the school and parents are okay with it, but I hope she was given a talk about how future employers might not be okay with it. I've wanted stretched ears when I was younger, but I didn't even know how people wanted to do it; I thought you needed some type of surgery, which my parents would never allow. Once I got a bit older and a bit more educated on it, along with showing responsibility, my mom allowed it. I definitely think 10 is too young to start stretching, but I don't think there should be any laws or regulations on it.  




 With my first piercings, the 18-14 jump wasn't happening at all. My second piercings, however, went from 18-14 seamlessly. It ultimately depends on your ears/piercings. If it feels like you have to force it through, it's too big of a jump for your ears.  




 I keep my stuff in a transparent blue lock box (from Walmart, so it's not far from pickable; just enough to keep it from popping open) and I have each pair in a labelled 'drug dealer' baggie. I would do the tackle box system (which I really like) but I don't quite have enough plugs to have a system for that, and I find the labels a bit easier.  




 I think I'll be doing that. I'm diligent about keeping only steel in fresh stretches, and I'm planning on getting mostly glass, steel, wood, or other non-acrylic plugs and tunnels in my goal size. I have one acrylic pair, but I'd only be wearing them for a day at most. The spirals I would wear over night and such, so sleeping on them probably didn't help.  




 Morgan Joyce/ilymorgannn is pretty reputable when it comes to piercings and the advice that comes with them. I would give that link as advice myself.  




 BAF has fossilized mammoth tusks for over $1000. 




 From my experience, Wal-Mart does better piercings than Claire's. My first holes were done by Claires, and I needed a taper to go to 16g, but my second holes could go up to 14 right away. My first holes have also been extremely sensitive. This is also problematic for me because I want to stretch to 2g, but I don't want my ears funny looking with the outside being the larger hole.  




 bodyartforms.com all the way. I've had completely good experience with them, and you get free o rings and a sticker along with a gauge card with every order, and who doesn't like free things? They also have a huge selection (with decent prices) and excellent service. Their shipping rates are also decent, and it's only $1 to add insurance to the order.  




 I read on BAF that Kaos is discontinuing their o rings. Is there anywhere else that sells clear silicone? With my recent BAF orders, I've been choosing the clear o rings as the freebies since they're not like the standard black ones that come with everything, but since they're being discontinued, I might need a new source.  




 So I started wearing some 14g acrylic spirals in a healed stretch, and I noticed that a really small area around/in the piercing was a reddish pink. I didn't know if this was just dye coming off of the spirals, or a reaction to them. My ears don't feel irritated while wearing them. I clean the spirals with rubbing alcohol and a q tip and they usually turn the q tip pink which is why I thought it was maybe the dye.  




 In what way does the stretching speed effect the shrinking? Does faster stretching mean faster shrinking? I'm kinda in the same boat as OP with stretching, and I'm only at a 12 so not too worried yet.  




 I pictured the entire scene when I saw that. Bomb jacket and everything.  




 [Accept my selfie.](http://i.imgur.com/3ObI9oY.jpg) 




 Build underground. 




 klol 




 Doesn't the period stuff get taught in 5th-6th grade? Or at least health classes? 




 I'm trying to download the game and it's stuck at 0%. I don't know how to get it to download or if it's just a really big download, but it's been stuck for an hour or so.  




 This is why mannequins exist.  




 After looks amazing!! 




 Have you ever heard of camera phones? They're these awesome new things that are phone, but they have a camera on them too. It's really neat.  




 Thanks! 




 I have some programs for my TI 84 Silver that I want to convert to my TI 84 SilverC. I want to know if this is possible. If I can't convert it, can I just write the program straight into the 84C? I'd also like to know if there's a pc program that can read calculator programs to display the code and allow editing.  




 Legal pads. Although it's understandable why most people aren't exactly passionate about them, I just love them.  




 I'm not alone! 




 I spent $10 on a roll of toilet paper with Mitt Romney's face printed on it. It was funny for about three seconds.  




 I want to use Meeko as a follower so bad but I'm afraid of losing him :/ I'm hoping one of my kids will want to adopt him so I can keep him and he won't die. I wish I was on PC so I could console him immortal or something.  




 Mine was a battle axe with a pretty good enchantment too. I have a feeling it was frost or shock. I always want to destroy every other holds' special weapon out of spite. I wouldn't be able to just let Lydia go. I always make sure she's at home with my kids so she's out of danger. I refuse to have them live at homes away from Breezehome, because the walls of Whiterun are rather safe. Losing Lydia would crush me.  




 When I found out I sold the axe of Whiterun. I'm attached to Whiterun, so when I found out I sold that axe because level 8 me was scraping for money, I was pretty sad.  




 There's no getting out of these downvotes.  




 Janessa in Whiterun. I hardly enter the Drunken Huntsman or hire followers, so it didn't affect me in the slightest. 
 




 It's just kind of his thing. In pretty much all of his videos, he's shirtless. Davey just embraces his nudity. He always wears pants in videos, though.  









 I feel like it would be smarter to carry around a cheap smartphone (or at least not shitty looking phone) to avoid OP's classmate's situation.  




 [Dawnguard Spoiler](#dg "If you haven't been to (or found) Ancestor Glade yet, I definitely recommend it. It is by far, one of the most beautiful and mysterious places in the game. It's just south east of Peak's Shade Tower in a mountain near Falkreath. There's a few spriggans, but after getting past those, is a large cavern similar to the Gildergreen Sanctuary. There's odd trees with unharvestable bark (unless you have the proper tool) so bring the nettlebane if you have it in case that will work. This is one of those locations that I probably wouldn't have found if I didn't climb mountains a lot, so it's easy to miss but worth the travel. If anyone knows any more about it, sharing is great!") 




 Alright. Thanks! 




 Does Dawnguard make you a vampire regardless? 




 Which should I get first? Does it matter? I want the best experience, and I don't know if having both at once will be good, or if it will even be noticeable. Any help is appreciated.  




 How do you react to the more extreme fans/fan art? 




 Should only take 3 sheets with 2 ply.  









 I always thought that if I had a blanket covering my body, I would be safe from the world's horrors.  




 Nope. Just typed them in the wrong order. The rest of the letters I can only justify by the cat walking across the keyboard. 




 I think it's just a universal tradition thing now and one of those pointless etiquette rules. I went to a summer camp that made you run around the mess hall as everyone chanted if you had your elbows on the table. When I got home I slammed my elbows on the table and embraced the freedom.   




 I'd stay off the subreddit if you're worried about spoilers... 




 I don't have porn on my computer and I'm still too paranoid to put my laptop on the tv. You get some bravery points.  




 I don't hate Justin Bieber. I'm not a fan, but there's no reason to hate him. He probably makes more in ten minutes than I will in a lifetime, and it's just immature to hate him for songs he released years ago.  




 The only time I will cosplay or get even the slightest bit weird with my interest in anime, is at an anime con. It's a designated place and time for people that like anime to be a bit more open about it and it's a bit more accepted to let loose. I still refuse the weird noises.  









 I do my best not to post unless it's in a subreddit for teens.  




 I played that once. It destroyed my processor.  




 [My gloriously fangirl drenched, possibly triggering, and quite unoriginal blog.] (http://mikovargas.tumblr.com/)  




 Why the actual fuck is that purple _ ? 




 I remember finding the lyric book for my band in 4th grade. Even made a dvd of one of the songs. Snapped the cd and disposed of the lyrics. Never again. 




 The third and fourth ones kind of look like the models on packaged Halloween costumes.  




 I'm afraid there would be many crusty sleeves without tissues.  




 No, I haven't. Only a few other ones a while back.  




 Any shaders kill my computer. It's not worth the FPS drop for me. I use a regular laptop, so that might be the problem. But I'm not getting a gaming pc just for shaders.  




 They *are* a thing with the new snapshots and upcoming 1.7. 




 That link is purple _ 









 I made the decision that if I purchase any over priced clothing, it had better have the brand name emblazoned on it for justification.  




 The only confirmed gay character is Sweden. The rest is just speculation (based off of consistent hints).  




 [It could be worse I guess.](http://www.deviantart.com/art/Commission-Erica-rose-the-hedgehog-318004653) 




 I was wondering why the picture of America was included until I remembered most redditors aren't Hetalia fans.  




 That one makes much more sense than the other pictures, since the character represents America. The Sonic ones are agreeably where it gets weird.  




 Philosopher was changed to sorcerer so that American children would know it was about wizards and be more likely to read the book.  




 You might want to tag that.  




 This is a repost from the list of top posts.  




 Is there any way to get her armor besides killing her? 




 [It always feels good.](https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019B6/data.tumblr.com/c21cd83ea070204a95e981d633063e86/tumblr_mig1e8Okmz1s51zjyo1_250.gif) 




 Well fuck. I guess that time I looked up pork recipes really screwed me over.  




 He posts tweets like this regularly. That's a pretty dedicated 'hacker'.  




 OP might not be drinking age but still on their own.  




 In Breezehome, I would organize my potions and such on shelves and get everything nice and neat down to the last cup. Save and go off to do a quest. Come home to a disaster. I always blamed Lydia for having a party while I was gone even though it's just an annoying glitch.  









 Another reddit legend dug up at least once a day. 




 Thomas isn't that bad. Not everyone will pick up on the train reference.  




 It's not teal. It's *marine*.  




 I shouldn't have clicked that. I should *not* have clicked that. [Eyewash time -very SFW](http://kittiesntitties.tumblr.com/) 




 /r/popping Would love to have a go at that.  




 I saw this on facebook too, but I can never really tell if TF4 is a thing or its just heavily rumored. There hasn't been much official word that I've seen. 




 ...wrong subreddit? 




 .....I'm damn adorable.  




 It's in the depths of the sidebar. http://www.stickermule.com/products/snowboarding-sticker
There you go! 
























