 Do you mean job shadow now? Is there even such a thing as job shadowing at 16? This program allows me automatic acceptance to UCF but I really want to go to MIT or Stanford and I feel that UCF is a considerable step down from those goals. Plus I heard top tier schools like that won't take an AS. 




 Yah it says computer programming and analysis. I know it's pretty obscure. That's why I said it doesn't matter if it transfers. By the time I would finish I would be 18, would anyone even give an 18 year old an internship or higher paying job because I have a degree in computer science vs. math? 




 That's really the problem, I don't know what I want to do. I just want to do something with engineering but I have no idea what type because they are all interesting to me. 




 No, it's to also to do dual enrollment but wouldn't get me a as in programming. My hs only offers up to Calc 2. 




 I'm 16 and about to enter my junior year. My area has a local community college that offers a dual enrollment program. I've already been accepted and had a plan that involved me finishing linear algebra before I graduate (just finished Calc 1 this year) and being done with physics. Then I realized I could get my AS in programming and now I have no idea what to do. Just to let you know, I don't care what is more transferable for when I go to a four year college. 
























 There is this girl and every time I see her it feels like my heart is about to fly out of my chest. Is this love or just infatuation?  




 You tried so hard to be right. You're wrong though, dead wrong. 




 Good luck man, sounds like fun. 




 I'll definitely look into that. Thanks for the advice 




 Thanks. What did you major in if you don't mind me asking?
 
























 By the time I was done reading I was convinced that this was just a story but then I went to the comments and they are making me believe it's real. Great job writing either way OP. 




 The first rule of dual enrollment. Don't talk about dual enrollment. 




 I don't think so..... I just can't let go of her. 




 I already am. 




 She has a boyfriend. 
























 I'm a rising Junior in high school and am taking all my classes at a local community college next year. Part of the process for me was taking the CLEP college algebra exam because I took Calc 1 last year and want to go to Calc 2. It's scaled from 20-80 points. I winded up getting 75 and a couple hours later I got an email from Quest Bridge about them. Coincidence? Is this because of that score? Is that program even something too look into. I am in need of financial help for college and many of the schools I'm looking at are on their partner list. 
TLDR; Is Quest Bridge legit? 




 I understand completely. It's like you could be talking with a group of 30 people and yet you still feel alone because nobody is on the same "wavelength" as you. 




 Thanks, this is what I needed to hear. 




 I've been relatively recently diagnosed and I feel like there is now this thing inside of me that is controlling everything about me. There were things about me that I used to like and now I just think I'm only that way because of my condition and it's not really me. Anyone else feel this way, if so how do you cope with this? 




 I'll be dual enrolling next year and the following year (my junior/senior year) and am going to take classes in C and C++. When I graduate I will be 18, is it possible to get in internship in CS the summer after my senior year? 
























 Thanks for the info anyways. It sounds like a pretty great program. 




 Those scores are so easy to get though, how could they possibly afford to do that? 




 So it's safe to assume I wouldn't get matched considering my parent's make somewhere around $110k? 




 Wow, that sounds pretty unbelievable.  




 This measurement is assuming the tiles are parallel to the floor... 
























 Thanks. I kinda thought that before I posted this, I just wanted to make sure. 




 I'm dual enrolling my junior and senior year, but I'm taking all my classes there so by the time I graduate HS I will also get my AA. Will I enter a 4 year school as a freshmen or a transfer student? Will applying as a transfer help/hurt my chances of acceptance? Some of the schools I want to go to are UC Berkeley, Stanford, MIT, and Duke. My AA is in Mathematics.  




 Not my point but thanks for the info, I didn't even know about COINTELPRO 




 I reeeeeaaaaally hope this wasn't a hate crime purely because I don't want to deal with the backlash from society. Why can't it ever just be about a psychopath being himself? Why does every murder have to be about race?
Edit: Of course I feel bad about it happening, just saying... 




 Yah, I already have those scores. 
























 No, every dual enrollment student that finishes their degree at valencia automatically gets accepted to UCF and I think a few other florida schools. 




 What's that? 




 Yah, I'm thinking either Computer Science or Math. 




 That is exactly why I was asking. There is this program that will allow me to be automatically accepted to UCF after I graduate as a Junior but I wasn't sure if the schools I actually wanted to go to would let me do the same. 




 Thanks, I think that is what is probably going to happen to me. 
























