 How long did it take you to type that 




 this argument needs to stop, i don't think plot holes are real, i don't know what people think plot holes are, i think its one of those bandwagon things people say like "hey they don't like this movie because it has plot holes i hate this movie too because of that" christ "plot holes are defined differently from person to person JUST STOP IT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the star trek movies are what they are if you see something wrong with the plot TOO BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 "I don't see why not, I also don't see why." -Dr. J. Zoidberg 




 i say the theme of the previous one was about determining your future and making the right decisions and in the end you may become what your destiny determined 




 i mean it all started with that one weekend uopdate on SNL with chris pine and zachary quinto, and here i am today looking for the haters comments to the point where i find their reactions to all the critical praise  hilarious, i just want it the criticism to STOP!!!!!! im on the verge of losing my shit! 




 YOU DON'T SAY! 




 Cool now Make a Spock edition plz 









 Maybe a little of both sorry I'm not good at this type of thing 




 You're not doing yourself any favors, and what's with that username? Here ill send you reddit gold so you can buy yourself a brain, a clue, and a soul. 




 and a lovely hump it is
 




 your meme is bad and you should feel bad 




 This guy is who else? 




 oh joy people complaining about nothing 
























 thats not bad luck thats just a minor inconvenience 

















































 It seems that way yeah for like the last 5 or 6 he's been absent 












































 Why doesn't he have that hat in this picture? 
























 I don't want to live on this planet anymore 














 Ok I'll keep that in mind 







































 181 year old "preserved" head 









 Yes and make an album while your at it 




 i thought it was fun and action packed, why are trekkers so ungrateful. im not afraid to say that. i wanna say that without getting treated like i insulted someone whose loved one passed away. it seems as if whiskey is my only friend. Why do I even bother? What's the point? 




 fuck me right? i thought it was an interesting take, and im looking forward to possible sequels with him. i like his performance. 

 




 "Made huge mistake!" "Need favor" "just blue self" okay so it's not the best. But if you want you can contribute 




 arrested development is so much better a show 














 Just a non sequitur but seriously though I never once heard any characters mention lasagna 




 I'm deleting that one 









 Because if I hear an opinion different from mine I question my place in the universe and the future of humanity, I thought it was fun and action packed. But thi subreddit is like thunder done people starting arguments left and right. Wanna join the Star Trek fandom? It's easy! All you gotta do is say IT SUCKS to everything new and there you go your a Star Trek fan. Also anyone know any good vodkas to help me get through this stressful ordeal? Because I wanna say I like something without getting treated like I insulted someone's disability. 




 WOAH THAT IS SO COOL! 




 i have:
caveman: "made huge mistake"
underwater without breathing apparatus: "bloob bloob bubb boob bloob bloob bloob" 




 This is one of those few shows were they think of everything. It's like "nope this scene isn't funny enough, lets make it better!" 




 favorite "board" game 




 good 




 just goes to show you that people have taste 




 let me guess: walmart? 




 The cast is great you're mental 




 I enjoyed the movie too. (Go away stevenjohns) I've been defending this movie for ages almost like a mental case. I just don't want injustice in the world 




 Oh joy! Another unnecessary remake. (It could be good, but I'm being cautious) 




 Maybe they could do that all along they just didnt happen to do it till now. (Ok maybe that's not the best reason) I don't wanna fight about it I love the movie 




 IT DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING EXIST AS OF YET! So for all we know its impossible  




 It's a thing called 'science FICTION' it can work however they want it to work 




 I think both movies are fun and action packed. I've been defending these movies for like forever and I still feel I haven't accomplished anything. Jj saved the franchise DEAL WITH IT. And if you don't like it TOUGH! I just don't like it when people criticize the new Star Trek. I can tell you why if you want. 




 ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING UNDERWEAR SCENE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 i had a few criticisms.... nah i'm just kidding, i loved every second of it 




 I am quite looking forward to getting this movie 




 I think I made a bold statement, this fandom needs to get its shit together. 




 This fandom needs to get it shit together and I mean seriously. I love the new movies. I've been defending them for like forever. From people given them crap. All I want I people to accept change and not be biased based on the writers past projects. So what if they made a couple crappy transformers movies. They made two awesome Star Trek movies isn't that what's important. In fact I'm leaving this fandom until someone gives me a good reason. Try keeping your little franchise alive. I wish you all GOOD FUCKING LUCK!! 




 cute ass 









 I thought it was freakin amazing and fun and it a great cast an did great justice to Star Trek.  




 So that raises the question whether he exists in their universe or they just haven't gotten around to mentioning him, an appearance would be cool what do you think? 




 I would do that but I prefer not being in jail 




 I don't give two shits about the extras I just like the movie and the cover that goes with it, if I wanna see all the extras ill go on youtube. But yeah that sounds good cause I don't make much money 




 oh a grammar nazi are we? 




 i liked the movie it was fun and action packed. anyway which blu ray edition sounds good. theres nothing wrong with a star trek movie with action  




 well i like a good action movie THIS WAS ONE OF THEM! its fun and action packed and breathed new life to the franchise,  




 i thought it was fun and action packed DEAL WITH IT BITCH! 




 It just does  




 There's no bond actor in Shaun of the dead but there's one in hot fuzz 




 These guys are great, if anyone says otherwise, never speak to them again 




 It also shows they have good taste in comedies 




 post pictures of your ass! 




 not sure if i should send to friends and family because its funny and its the avengers, or not send to friends and family at the risk of being disowned 




 That was a smart move unlike what I did 
























 (singing) "suicide is painless...." 




 reminds me of a terry gilliam movie 




 im sorryv that was a little harsh, but im just saying theres records for breaking stuff with peoples heads in there, so if THOSE can get into record books, THIS can get into record books (or SHOULD) anyway 




 hmmm i must've missed that one, but still in the yearly edition that'd be cool 




 dude, ANYTHING GOES in record books,so stfu

EDIT: ok that might have come out a little harsh 




 well technically i knew it for a while i just slowly got around to starting a discussion. but anyway, i think Guinness world records should have it in their next edition. like i can imagine that paragraph as follows:

pocket monsters (or pokemon depending on where youre from) is an anime based on the videogame series of the same name (also known as pokemon in english speaking markets) has ran for 17 seasons as of (insert date here) for over 800 episodes. pocket monsters also has been made into 16 feature films as of (insert6 date here and yes im aware theres a 17th movie coming out) making that the longest running film franchise based on a videogame.

wouldnt that be awesome? i say make this happen!! put that in the next guinness world records book! 




 Hey! He is not z-list! He's listless! You however just made my list! 




 http://imgur.com/h8A09QY 




 ah poopie! 




 ah poopie! 




 well what i wrote here i wouldnt write in english class. so in other words im not in school i can write whatever. even if it might offend some which i probably did 




 no but im quite a fan 




 i found similarities between the anime and doctor who, and they are as follows

. both ash ketchum and the doctor travel to weird and wonderful places

. both always happen to go somewhere where something bad is happening

. both ash ketchum and the doctor change their looks
   1. ash ketchum changes his outfit from time to time
   2. the doctor changes his whole damn body

. both ash ketchum and the doctor have an ever changing array of traveling companions 

i dont know about you guys but im on to something here, if i missed any other similarities let me know 

 




 In what way did you enjoy it? 









 Infect or repulse, I'm having a hard time determining which is being used as the negative term 




 patrick star lost his shit
 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is:

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is: 

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 before i watched the aforementioned episode i waited a 24 hour period so i could prepare myself for watching it, and i didnt have a seizure. but the flashing lights kinda gave me a little headache which went away. as for the episode itself its kinda interesting showing them go inside the machine kinda like TRON. and porygon was well represented. but all things considered the quality of the episode feels irrelevent, for its more (in)famous for the incident it caused, in fact most people dont even know what the episode is even about. and it brings me to the question, Should 'electric soldier porygon' be considered a 'fan favorite'? yes or no and explain why in the comments 




 oh man i hope i end up disagreeing with you, ive been waiting MONTHS to watch this movie. 




 i hope so, i could barely hold back tears at the end of movie 6: jirachi wish maker AND they top it off with a song to boot. i mean cmon man that wasnt fair 




 can someone get me in the right mindset to get ready to cry or be sad (or both) 




 i thought itd be a nickelodeon logo at first 




 My alternative titles are 'live and let BI', 'the living GAYlights', 'closet of solace', 'the BI who loved me', 'goldenBI', 'you only come out twice', 'come out another day', 'COONraker', 'BIamonds are forever' or 'closet royale' what do you guys think? Also whoever gets what all these alternative titles have in common will get an upvote.  




 im craving ocean spray cranberry juice all of a sudden 




 that would be a cool glass eye 




 reminds me of: https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSb-Vu1auDcS2POpxPJIjiG7BuVgG6qX9IHhQip-ktkJHh6VHg_ 




 My Alternative titles would either be 'live and let BI' 'the living GAYlights' or 'closet of solace' what do you think? 




 because man I freaking hate people who don't like the reboots, they literally wrote the highest grossing and rated star treks of all time! rotten tomatoes does not lie people!!!! all im asking is for once I would like to have a thoughtful and intelligent discussion about the movies and not trigger these bitchy ungrateful "long time fans" to shit on my good time! I mean does 95% and 87% mean ANYTHING TO YOU PEOPLE!? anyway I would like to see what bob orci has in store and sorry if I offended some people but youre still ungrateful. 




 you know like the part where the team rocket soldiers in the black shirts reveal like those wind blowing devices on the ship? and then like they show some trainers whose pokeballs are flying off their belts and then they cut to the main three who are surrounded by said team rocket soldiers demanding them to hand over their pokemon and misty is like saying "no way!" in that same scene they have those same air blowing devices and somehow the main characters just get asked to give up their pokemon while all thes trainers pokemon are literally flying away!? this is a troubling question from an otherwise great story arc. and i mean GREAT story arc. i get like a doctor who vibe from this episode . hell i often compare the anime to doctor who anyway. anyway i just thought it was weird that these team rocket grunts who had this high tech pokemon theft equipment just ask them for pokemon. any thoughts on that? 




 how about 'from seattle with love' 'live and let BI' or 'the living GAYlights' 




 i thought they are fun and action packed. i mean ive heard some people say like "it doesnt have the heart of star trek" "i hate the new actor for spock and hes gay" "i hate the actors" "i hate the new enterprise" the list goes on. meanwhile here i am not having too high standards wanting to be entertained and agreeing with the rave reviews (a movie doesnt get 95% or 87% on rotten tomatoes magically people!) its like one moment its like "critics and audiences agree the new star trek is awesome" and then its like "PSYCHE! heres some asshole mean spirited,ungrateful and hateful purists to keep it interesting" im literally afraid to have discussions of the new star treks on this site fearing ill get a hate message of some kind. because some trekkers are very royal. i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME about it not having genes vision i will slip into a stress induced coma. if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like the jj abrams star trek movies dont hesitate to explain why. thank you 




 ive seen tblt MANY times and its great 




 Just so you know this kind of an edit of another post I did because someone pointed out the bad grammar and punctuation and this is an improvement over it. So anyway about 'a goofy movie' Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and you want it to appeal to the current generation (when the 1990's WAS the current generation) and make it as trendy and hip as possible. And just when you thought all hope was lost, someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal.

If I ever met the guy who wrote the screenplay to 'a goofy movie' I would thank the HELL out of him for such an amazing childhood film. Know what I mean? 









 Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal. 

Know what I mean? 




 i want him to like turtles 




 yes, and if they arent do any pretend to regenerate 




 do any characters regenerate? if so whom? and if not, does anybody at least pretend to regenerate? 




 Oh I see, but still saying that synopsis must taste pretty damn good. 




 I mean pretty much any kid who grew up in the 1990's knows what 'space jam' is I mean I'm jealous of the guy who was able to walk into a studio and tell a producer: (spoilers)
Guy: ok here's the idea, the owner of this intergalactic theme park which is panned by its customers, wants to improve the park by having the looney toons work there . So he sens his henchmen to kidnap the looney toons.
Producer:hmmmmmm that's interesting, tell me more.
Guy: so then when the henchmen attempt to kidnap the looney toons, the looney toons challenge the henchman to a no holds barred basketball game with the aid of a soon to be retiring nba superstar Michael Jordan.
Producer: I LOVE IT!!! We'll get started immediately!
I mean that takes some balls to have that plot just pass your lips like that. You know you'd have a ball pitching it. That guy must've had the best day of his life then. I mean (the late) siskel and ebert both gave it a thumbs up.
 




 I said stuff like "wash the c*m out of your mouth" "good luck losing your virginity" "fag" stuff like that. I mean, is it wrong that I liked into darkness? I mean all I'm saying is that I want to feel safe saying something and not have anybody push me around. I mean do those rotten tomatoes scores mean anything to Trekkers? Anyway I'm sorry for all the mean stuff I said. 




 Oh I get it! You're checking both the man and woman out whose skating 




 Do any characters regenerate? 




 i think of the war doctor as 'the 8th doctor mark II' because it was eights decision to take the form while still alive with that face, and even after eight changed into john hurt he still bore a slight resemblance to eight, just throwing that out there 









 I see a beautiful kissable ass but no tatoo 




 uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah, that's gross 
























 FUCK PENNY ARCADE Gotham is great! 




 you just made an enemy FOR LIFE!!!!! 




 i mean its like the world is trying to convince me that "you are not allowed to like this show, people wont like you for it!" type of thing, and its like the rave reviews dont come from review fairies people!! (bruno heller: i wish my new show had rave reviews. Fairie: your wish has been granted) theyre from all natural real human persons!!! i hate what i hear from you people "its bad because theres no batman" "some actors arent the right age" i mean its bad enough that there are people who dislike the marvel universe movies (and i avoid them as much as possible, and if i DO come across them, they make an enemy for life.) am i bad for liking a show? i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME it doesnt meet your petty expectations youll make an enemy FOR LIFE!! if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like gotham, dont hesitate to explain why. thank you

EDIT:dear god, why do i keep asking for permission to like stuff i should know better by now 




 i chose GOT as an example because that and veep are the only two shows i can think of that are not in their final seasons, with like true blood and boardwalk empire ending 




 i mean HBO still PLAYS movies, but now people want it for the shows, its like the movies they play are just filler for when GOT comes back on

EDIT:*for UNTIL GOT comes back on 




 in case you dont know who doug jones is check this link out!

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

EDIT: since no one yet has said it i say he plays beerus 




 because i yearn for a smart imdb user to be conceived, but its all ignorance and insults, which is why i have no imdb account of my own because they are MONSTERS theyre not people 









 1993: oh wow! thats that guy from that movie i liked, its a huge honor that theyre on the simpsons!

2014: man, you need to be THAT desperate for a PAYCHECK, to be on the simpsons 




 i have a sucky imagination though 




 i know of the audio dramas, id check them out but i prefer a tv show 




 because i watched all 800+ episodes (and i do mean all) and no episode mention propane, to my recollection 




 you know it really stinks that doctor 8 didnt get a full series, because man i watched the tv movie and reminded me of the x files, and i thought man if this was a full show, the x-files wouldve been the perfect lead in show 




 But this one is here to stay, I swear 




 Oh there's others but this user sticks out like a sore thumb, I think he has an agenda and writing plans as we speak 














 You actually keep track how many times you say something? Damn talk about keeping track. 




 Because I feel very unsafe and I need holding and protection. The haters are out to get me. So I ask is it ok if I like the new movies to be into Star Trek at all? Because I feel that I have the right to say what I think is right. That's all, so I ask will I ever see another Star Trek watcher who likes the new movies? And am I wrong for doing so? I say this from the bottom of my heart. I mean I feel as if I say EVEN ONE POSITIVE THING, people want me executed or something, I just want people to enjoy the new movies, and Talk to them, is that so wrong, anybody know any whiskeys good for binging in one sitting?

P.S. At least this isn't imdb the users are probably not even people, they're MONSTERS (in a literal and hypothetical sense) 









 because people influence other people 




 not until they make 28 seconds, minutes, or hours later first 




 Man, What a dummy I am for not being aware of those subreddits 




 Ok that was a pretty funny response actually  














 good dentist: oh man, i hope the people who go there brush and floss regularly

bad dentist: ALRIGHT!!! job security! 









 i can never tell whether i like his movies or not, but this looks nice 




 sounds like i have ALOT to learn apparently 




 *haters people, but what that makes sense though, but then when i say it civilized i STILL get downvoted, what gives? 




 whats the point of expressing my opinion if im just gonna be called an idiot, or a moron, and insulted? i thought trekkers were supposed to be for tolerance!!! i cant say ANYTHING good bout the new movies without being seen as a skinhead or something, its just not fair! so on behalf of your franchise and your fandom i bid you all, GOOD FUCKING LUCK!! 









 because ive never heard any one character whether in the games, the anime, manga, etc... mention or drink moonshine which leads me to wonder, is there moonshine in the pokemon universe, hey this is making me be in the mood for a mixed drink 




 if adrian monk has a germ phobia, why does he work as a homicide detective? 




 I've said things like "I wish all reboot haters die horrible painful deaths", I called them jerks, pussies, fags you name it. I just wish people were more grateful about new str trek and weren't jerk to people who do like them, that's all. Hear me out people are probable planning to downvote me already, but I NEED TO KNOW, IS OK IF I LIKE THE JJ ABRAMS STAR TREK MOVIES OR NOT!!!!! And is it ok if I like the writing I the new movies?! And is it ok if I look forward to Star Trek 3 with bob orci directing? Again, hear me out I'm speaking as a movie fan and sci fi fan with an honest heart. 




 reninds me of porygon 




 ive heard of cd burning, but this is ridiculous 









 producer: i wanna make a movie that revolves around a scene where patton oswalt chokes the chicken, and pair him up with one of those lesser insignificant guys from goodfellas

other guy: but sir, wont patton oswalt spanking the monkey repulse people?

producer: DAMMIT MAN I DONT WANT EXCUSES! get me a shitty script with unlikeable characters, a whiny protagonist, and a fapping patton oswalt, NOW! 




 Hey man I like marvel movies, I don't wanna get insulting, When I get insulting I get mean 




 Whenever a new sci fi movie comes out there's always the usual "it's not like the source material" "this'll be worse than the prequels" "the director isn't good" "that ship wouldn't work in real life" why is it so hard to like Star Trek or Star Wars?when there's all these little pussies who call themselves "fans"? I can't go 5 internet articles on sci fi without finding those people,is the universe TRYING to tell me something? Am I doomed to live a living hell as a sci fi fan? Are people TRYING to make a dons smaller? Please tell me someone 




 dat ass on the second one 




 bill murray in zombieland 




 all the ones with Doug Jones 




 NOW you're talking!! 









 Ok so this prequel for professor oak first act is the usual going to college, graduating, earning his phd, getting married, having kids, having grand kids (Gary), and (establishing) a laboratory, and then later on professor oak finds a stray pichu, he brings it back to his lab, and he studies it an researches it and finds out it evokes into pikachu, so then he tries many methods to make it evolve which are unsuccessful, and then on the night before Gary and ash get their own pokemon that we're all familiar with there's a break in at the lab (possible by team rocket) an professor oak runs to the lab, then he sees the pichu he's been trying to get to evolve is fending off the theives with its electrical shocks. and all the pokemon are 
unharmed and then we see the pichu start to glow that white color were all familiar with and much to professor oaks delight is celebrating on the inside of its victory. And before cutting back to the evolving pichu, professor oak then says to himself "I hope it'll stay in its pokeball." And then we cut back to the still evolving pichu, and cut to black. ROLL CREDITS what do you guys think? 




 *oil SPILL 
























 good point about space operas being expensive 




 hmmmm westworld 




 hmmm, westworld 




 but maddaddam is like a dystopian future show theres enough of those on tv already im talking a space opera, with spaceships, aliens, battles, and evil badguys, and maybe an empire too 




 or sci-fi shows period, i dont care what its about, instead its like "oh you need a GOT fix and that movie you didnt see in the theater, but still want to see plays next month, well instead heres some more guilt exploiting documentaries about global warming, and homophobia, and AIDS themed miniseries, because we need more emmys and golden globes and youll nominate them because youll feel like a huge jackass if you dont!! because THATS how we do it!." i mean seriously i mean global warming and all that stuff is a serious issue but whoever owns HBO right now if youre reading this, please consider a sci-fi show (preferably space opera), thank you. 




 you don't call them she, and they're not male 




 they lie and lie and lie and LIE, like recently there was an article on why beinga movie buff ruins your life, and i say whoever wrote that article YOURE EVIL AND I HATE YOU being a movie buff is great!!!!!!! theres just liars and liars and more liars, they ruin EVERYTHING about cinema, and they should be launched into space into the sun!!! anyone who disagrees please state why now, thank you 




 Dora the Explorer spanish 









 if john munch appeared 




 this episode taught me that 'cannoli' can be plural AND singular apparently 




 touche 




 i mean seriously, i watch the show and reddit is bombarded with bitching, whining, nitpicking little babies, that dont find a thing to their liking. the show is like an awesome vacation spot, and reddit after the episodes is like coming back home finding out your hometown is overrun by zombies that wanna kill you, imagine that each and every week!! its miserable is what im trying to say 




 how many awards have YOU won, hmmmmm? 




 hellraiser was cool, but thats not what im asking, im asking who you think doug JONES can play 




 i'm not talking about andy serkis (don't get me wrong i like his work but) im talking about DOUG JONES, so who do you think he should play? 




 the first movie was decent, so i guess i can check it out,  




 the question is which character? id prefer if he'd play a pokemon and i have a good idea which one, can you guess? heres some links to both help you out, and to let you know who im talking about:

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMVJnWd4idE 




 im so fucking sick of transformers comparisons id rather commit suicide if i hear it ONE MORE TIME!! 




 yes i have and i like the new movies, and quit judging people! 




 I like mystery men, I only watched the first 20 minutes of bowfinger (I watched GOLDfinger though) bowfinger seemed pretty funny though 




 Hes won nearly 20 awards though, 




 Benedict is a good actor though 




 Persecution complex you say? You may be on to something. 




 how do you keep finding me? 




 oh christ your one of those people who say 'nutrek', thats like a trend that shouldve passed in 2011, its hopeless, ill never have a civil discussion about ''nutrek'' as you call it. theres just no hope 




 see this is what i never understood, i have zero complaints about a movie, but its made hard to enjoy because people keep pointing out the flaws, like going out to get gourmet chocolate pudding with friends and enjoying it, and then you hear the people you were with at the time complain about it either looking like a doggie doodie, or not being flavored to their liking? it wears you down

EDIT: btw this isnt grammar class i can type stuff however i please 




 but why cant i have an opinion? :( 




 without being seen as a bully, i mean i like them and no one can take that away, people can complain about them not being made to their liking, or the classic "they dont follow genes vision" excuse but we have the franchise back and thats something that a sci fi fan can appreciate. also i think we should give bob orci a chance, i mean think about it, the new movies got rave reviews, and we have 2 new movies already i wanna know what dont people like about the new movies, and ill share why i like them, and i like them because they bring life into this franchise with these talented actors in beautiful action packed fight scenes. and thats why i like them, and now why cant i have that opinion i ask? explain why, itll give me clarity to this kerfuffel

EDIT: i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE COMPARISON TO TRANSFORMERS ill flip a shit!! 









 FOR FUCKS SAKE!!! were only like 3 episodes into the show people!! 91% on rotten tomatoes dont come from fucking review fairies!!! like you think bruno heller made a wish one day and was like,"starlight starbright and all that shit, i wish my new show had a good tomatometer rating!"? reviews come from critics with age and experience!!!  




 ok so i CLEARLY implied that im sick of hearing those words. How to you did that translate to "give it a try ill, like that very much" explain to me please 




 you know what im done talking to you, go piss someone else off i dont have time for you, what about YOUR mother knowing what you do on the internet? i am looking forward to episode 7 and i think jj abrams is the right man for the job, no further discussion is required!!!! so stfu go bother someone else, i bet your mother is very proud of you! 




 I don't have time or punctuations, and my mother loves me very much 




 ok the answers to your questions is because YOU SUCK!!! there all done, well its been real see ya around, adios! 




 oh god SHUT UP ill have to report you for harassment!! 




 i asked for advice to deal with assholes not INVITE any. also i think jj abrams is a great director and will make a great star wars!!!!  




 maybe i seem to notice the nitpicking more, its like an overpowering sauce in a soup it takes away the flavor 




 im fucking sick of it!! especially when people complain that they arent 'subtle' if they werent subtle how would you know what villains they were? subtlety sucks!!! thats how the show is DEAL WITH IT!! either start accepting that or stop watching it! hell im still amazed my sister still claims shes into harry potter but nitpicks about it any chance she gets. same thing with star wars fans or trekkers. i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME about the fucking villain name dropping im gonna LOSE MY SHIT!!! you cant stop people liking a tv show. i swear the people who criticize this show are the worst! 




 that isnt what i asked! 




 FUCK OFF!!! He's great!!! Are you TheSolarSailor by any chance? 




 badly 




 i thought i WAS being the bigger man

EDIT: besides if i didnt call them out how will they know hes causing people misery and know when to stop? 




 Because I don't have an imdb account of my own, and God help if I get an intelligent answer there 




 Because man there are so many users on imdb like TheSolarSailor, he SAYS he doesn't care about Star Wars or Star Trek but CONSTANTLY picks on people of they like it especially episode 7, he even said he's looking forward to picking on all the disappointed people when it comes out. TheSolarSailor if you're reading this I HATE YOU Motherfucker! People like you give movie buffs a bad name. There's gonna be Star Wars fans whether you like it or not!!!! If anyone has advice either for me or TheSolarSailor don't hesitate to give it, thank you! At the very least at least tell TheSolarSailor to stop being an asshole. 




 That titles reminds me o that part in that Ed, edd, n eddy episode where they make that city in the alley out of cardboard boxes. And at one point Ed says "I was the balloon guy" 




 I thought it was just fine they've just fallen under the haters spell.

EDIT:ok maybe I overeacted a little  




 Cmon people!!! This is a subreddit for Gotham but you still make fun of it?!? How is that possible?!?
And don't downvote me for liking the show that started this subreddit! 




 i mean its like the world is trying to convince me that "you are not allowed to like this show, people wont like you for it!" type of thing, and its like the rave reviews dont come from review fairies people!! (bruno heller: i wish my new show had rave reviews. Fairie: your wish has been granted) theyre from all natural real human persons!!! i hate what i hear from you people "its bad because theres no batman" "some actors arent the right age" i mean its bad enough that there are people who dislike the marvel universe movies (and i avoid them as much as possible, and if i DO come across them, they make an enemy for life.) am i bad for liking a show? i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME it doesnt meet your petty expectations or there's too many Easter eggs or too many cameos there'll be HELL TO PAY and you'll make an enemy FOR LIFE!! if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like gotham, dont hesitate to explain why. thank you

EDIT:dear god, why do i keep asking for permission to like stuff i should know better by now, I'm probably better of binging my money and time on booze 
























 but theyll take out the SWEARING!!!!!!!! dont you get it, itll be just another bsg without it, the characters will be turned into wimps, the expanse wont have its EDGE!!! why doesnt anybody get that!? 




 thats right! 




 just look at the following links people:

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

http://youtu.be/qMVJnWd4idE

and heres an image of mewtwo to show why i choose him

https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQGMZ9l1Dx0xxVv-6nfE3BcKmHyxOlwm365MaDUt0anpd2DAF1G

any questions or responses? 




 tell me how i make mountain dew frosting, I MUST KNOW!!! 




 youll thank me later 




 thats part of what gives 'the expanse' its EDGE! without it itll just be another bsg or defiance, which is why I believe it should've been on HBO, heed my words theyll replace fuck with fnaq, and shit with skerb or something like that 




 but theyll take out the swearing and make it appeal to teens regardless, thanks to 'artistic liscence' 




 i mean im warning people saying "THEY WILL CHANGE STUFF FROM THE BOOKS!!!" and people just brush it off like, "hey guy, people change stuff from the books all the time!" but how do you know it'll be faithful!! god, i wish it were a movie instead, it could've been the next star wars for fucks sake!! whoever the names of the two guys with the pen name james S.A. corey, YOU FUCKED UP!!! do you know what SYFY will do to your own story!? they will take out the swearing and sex and add twilight-esque relationships, they will change what the characters were described in the books, order of events, designs of the ships! EVERYTHING!! WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!?!?!!?  




 he looks like some schlub they found in a college parking lot smoking pot and drunk, and asked him "do you wanna star in a sci-fi epic?" and he said 'yes' without paying closer attention to the question at hand. and after his supposed 'audition' hes wondering "how the hell did i get THAT role!? i must've been high.'' 




 You may not be aware, but the authors are heavily involved in the scripting process. 

Robert kirkman is invoked in the writing in the walking dead tv show, and that show is like 'Loose Adaptation: The Series!' 




 None taken 




 Fuck you!! They're great! you probably just have dyslexia, 




 I told you not to give any names!! Luckily I'm only on the first book so I'll forget his name by book 2 probably 




 theyre both always BACK 




 if so dont tell me their names, a simple yes or no will do 




 im like 140 pages into the first book 




 thats a bad sign if my 'aggressive geeking' as you call it, has a 'style'  




 btw howd you find out i was that same person, am i a celebrity in the star trek subreddit? 




 i could do that,  




 theyre adding a character i havnt even heard of oh great! first they cast a babyfce guy as jim holden now they add a character who im not even at in the books!? they shouldve gotten influence from han solo for jim holden 




 sadly yes i am, but i promise im working on it 




 they are going to RAPE the expanse!!!! dont you get it!? 




 theyll change a bunch of stuff to appeal to teenagers and preteens, theyll t6ake out the swearing and theyll leave stuff out of the books! i feel like the mary poppins broad when she heard the songs for the first time!, they will literally CHANGE the books! whoevers developing the show right now if youre reading this, put it on hbo that way itll have the swearing and shit. because chances are the book series will run longer than the show. if i ever as much as see ONE thing out of place from the books youll have one less viewer, and ill wait until they get turned into MOVIES!! it couldve been the next star wars or alien franchise but instead you make it into a tv show on a cheap cable network!? BOTTOM LINE: MAKE A FAITHFUL ADAPTATION DAMMIT!!! IF THIS ONE ISN'T, thank you for reading 




 i started reading the first book a week 1/2 ago, and im already worried theyll change stuff, i DO care 




 looks better than the sly cooper movie redesign 




 Look at the 2009 watchmen movie, to me that is how you adapt something, not changing too much stuff or taking stuff out, it's made just how the graphic novel is, and look at the walking dead that was faithful to the comics from the first episode until the y went to the city and rode in a tank. THEY NEVER RODE IN A TANK IN ANY OF THE COMICS!!! And THATS what makes me worried, that and they'll throw in an obligatory love triangle (thanks TWILIGHT!!) and they'll probably change the ages too of the characters to appeal to teens and preteens. 




 c'mon people!!! they're going to CHANGE STUFF FROM THE BOOKS!!!! 




 because

1. theyll not have any of the swearing 

2. they may create new future slang in lieu of the aforementioned swearing 

3. theyll change god knows what else,

4. and theyll take stuff OUT from the books

 if i see even ONE thing not in the books im not watching, and ill wait until they make a movie out of it, which i beleive is the proper way to adapt them, or if not that remake it for HBO
  




 one art please! 




 not something i would've made myself, but neat 




 looks like dr seuss drew the death star 




 You have no soul! 




 no hes asking if the avengers was made in 1980, who would be cast 




 i got carried away and it got downvoted 




 what you just typed goes beyond my comprehension as a user 




 debatable  




 ive read enough imdb message boards, disqus comments, and youtube comments to the point where i ask if its ok if i like something, and other times i really flip a shit like in this discussion:

http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2l48r1/is_it_ok_if_i_like_jj_abrams_as_a_director/

anyway how can i be more comfortable with my opinions? 




 ah dammit! that explains why i only got random images on google 




 thanks! 









 Who you calling nerdy!?! 




 Why won't you leave me alone!!! Ive reported you many times I hoped you'd get the message by now I don't like you and I can report you for harassment  




 You know what fuck you!! I hope all reboot haters get blasted off into space and the world would be a better place!!, I and other people like the new movies, DEAL WITH IT!!! You can't change the way people think!!!! God do I hate reboot haters with a passion!! I wish they were all dead!  




 But the downside of the expanse being on syfy means they'll take out the swearing, and change God knows what else 




 I'm so fucking sick of comparisons to transformers  telling you Trekkers are the skinheads of sci-fi fandoms, they never appreciate anything. Am I gonna be forced to live in a world where fandoms hate what they're fans of? 




 defiance, revolution, the upcoming 12 monkeys, znation, theres enough of those just like theres too many "your favorite fairie tales but gritty" shows 




 The new movies got 95% and 86% on rottentomatoes christ do you think they get those reviews magically?! Christ I'm sick of people like you giving me a hard time, it's like I say something positive about the new star treks and so called "fans" want me hunted. It's like Trekkers are the skinheads of sci fi fandoms! It's not fair! 




 I think the new movies are great!  




 that could be funny 
























 but im on reddit where he cant get me 




 eraserhead 









 oh its ON NOW!! 




 because i get REALLY fucking tired of people bitching about it, i wish they were suffering for the rest of their days, especially doug walker, oh god do i hate doug walker, hes probably the leader of the avatar haters, they probably have big ralleys in some huge undeground or abandonned auditorium, with huge pictures of doug everywhere, with him up on a pedestal, giving huge anti avatar speeches, i also surely believe he has a conservative agenda which he uses with his nostalgia critic character, because not only avatar with a liberal message he bashed, he bashes OTHER movies with liberal agendas too, district 9 BASHED IT, a troll in central park BASHED IT, and he likes chuck norris whos another conservative jackass. now you may be thinking, "theres haters for star wars, for the godfather, for annie hall, for star wars, for robocop, theres a hater for EVERY movie" well youre right, but i liiked avatar and i will make sure no one will influece me otherwise, ill open a big can of whoopass! on the next person who says, "the story sucks", or "its only made to look pretty", or "theyre smurfs" or other bullshit like that, doug walker is probably gathering followers for his anti liberal cult as we speak! if im wrong about ANY of these please state why, thank you 




 i saw it today and it was ok, not a classic but funny at times, even hilarious 




 if you start one from the beginning you'll be like her:
https://i.imgflip.com/25w8.jpg
if you start one from the middle you'll be like him:
https://i.imgflip.com/grb00.jpg 




 they didn't wanna pay rick baker? i mean granted it was convincing, but i mean c'mon. 




 an age old fan question "are the pokemon movies (past movies 1 and 2) true canon to the anime?" i would say 'no', BUT they complement their respective seasons so well, they may as well be. 




 are the atmosphere and characters the same as you imagined from the books? id say 'close enough' 









 i dont want to live on this planet anymore 









 well its not so much that people are telling me i cant like them, its just that the haters are everywhere and they wont give up, making me feel like a jackass,  




 He needs to rethink his life 




 a la english muffins, french toast, german chocolate cake, etc. 




 now it's the 'whatever the hell we wanna show' channel 




 you know the rest
if so why?
if not why?
please dont hesitate
and look at my other posts to get an idea of my ordeal, also how can i help live with people who dont like them? and how can i get some to stop bullying those who like them? also will they ever come to terms with them? because generally i come to beleive some were huge jerks so, yeah 









 i mean i'm not entirely clear on whether they want to reboot the whole series or want to make a tangent of reboot movies, but whatever the case im not sure if i want them to make it or not, i mean on the one hand it could be an avengers quality superhero romp, but on the other hand it would suck if 20+ seasons were just thrown away, IDK im hoping itll stand on its own feet and not have to interfere with the tv show, but thats just me

EDIT: OR they can create another timeline like star trek 




 i was searching up 'doug jones mewtwo' because i thought doug jones could play mewtwo in a live action pokemon and somebody beat me to it, check it out:

http://www.comicbookmovie.com/fansites/KCatCreations/news/?a=36185

also keep in mind im typing this from my perspective 




 in that case keep up the good work, im sorry if i sounded upset 




 help me daniel abraham youre my only hope. why is no one concerned of the changes from the books? why didnt you put it on hbo? they wouldve kept the swearing, it wouldve broken new ground for hbo, instead its on syfy where itll just be another battlestar galactica, wont the expanse lose its edge if its on syfy? 




 Perfectly fine 









 that does not look like fun for the horse 




 more like SNUFFED his toe 




 its also like an urban legend 




 http://youtu.be/zExMcJ2aUO4 




 who the hell is chespirito? 




 really? 




 and heard a loud banging sound on the door, THAT WAS ME!!, how much cheese have you consumed within the last 24 hours?, or are you just naturally selfish? you took forever in the bathroom, i went to that starbucks to get some breakfast, and i wanted to use bathroom and i try to open the door and its locked so i go sit down and eat my breakfast, so then like 10 minutes goes by i go try again its still locked, and i go back to my seat and play with my phone, 10 more minutes go by i try again its still locked!! so then 5 minutes later i flat out start banging on the door! so the i go back to my seat to blend in and i see you walking out and you looked mad, GOOD! and you still dont know who i am!! youre probably one of those people who wakes up early in the morning to watch Power Rangers: super turbo mega space dino mystic dino space turbo mega force or whatever the hell its called this season, and goes right back to bed afterwards and sleeps in till 5pm. the point is dont stall in the bathroom at starbucks! thank you 









 you suck mcbain!!! 




 is that bad? 









 if a radio can be national and public, why isnt there any schools that are private and public? im pointing out an oxymoron 




 is there also 'private public schools'? 




 i dont get it 




 announcer: are you a size zero? would waldo have a hard time finding you? when you go to the park do the ducks feed YOU pieces of bread? then call the anorexia prevention hotline at 555-1701 




 I mean it's not like you see school librarians seeing a student use Wikipedia on one of the computers and puts them in detention for "attempted plagiarism" 




 You hit a lot of good points, especially the wishing death part 




 help me out then, enlighten me 




 and i discovered magic hat wilhelm scream pumpkin ale (or ANY pumpkin ale for that matter) and jack daniels honey whiskey are a NASTY combination!! but if you want a good buzz use regular ale and ANY whiskey, im amazed i can still spell. 




 jj abrams revives the franchise and there are people who complain about it not feeling like old star trek, NEWS FLASH THEY GOT 95% AND 87% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!!!!! OBVIOUSLY PEOPLE THINK ITS GOOD LIKE ME!!! and i try to convince people and they see me like a 2-headed freak especially on the star trek subreddit, its like if they have the slightest criticism of jj abrams or anything or anyone else involved in the star trek reboots, i imediately wish they die of cancer someday, DO YOU PEOPLE THINK I LIKE WISHING PEOPLE TO DIE OF CANCER!?!?!?!?! DO CRITICS RAVE REVIEWS MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU !?!?! "but wait people have the right to opinions and stuff" yes but they need a good reason for those opinions! its like the world doesnt want me to like a movie. am i going in sane? are critics reviews relevant AT ALL? if you ask any film critic theyll have a thing called a 'college education' something that star trek reboot haters shouldve invested in. man i hate star trek reboot haters!! i wish theyd die and decent smart educated people like me can live in peace. its hard to enjoy a movie if theres haters in the world, i go through life hearing about critically acclaimed movies and agreeing that they deserve it, and for what? to get people like star trek reboot haters to lurk around and attack those who like them, i mean i thinki they should be considered dangerous. like the reboots and you should too!! now look at me! ive read enough comments sections and blogs to the point where i ask if its ok to like something like wtf! who else does that!? do trekkers even LIKE star trek anymore!? 




 jj abrams revives the franchise and there are people who complain about it not feeling like old star trek, NEWS FLASH THEY GOT 95% AND 87% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!!!!! OBVIOUSLY PEOPLE THINK ITS GOOD LIKE ME!!! and i try to convince people and they see me like a 2-headed freak especially on the star trek subreddit, its like if they have the slightest criticism of jj abrams or anything or anyone else involved in the star trek reboots, i imediately wish they die of cancer someday, DO YOU PEOPLE THINK I LIKE WISHING PEOPLE TO DIE OF CANCER!?!?!?!?! DO CRITICS RAVE REVIEWS MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU !?!?! "but wait people have the right to opinions and stuff" yes but they need a good reason for those opinions! its like the world doesnt want me to like a movie. am i going in sane? are critics reviews relevant AT ALL? if you ask any film critic theyll have a thing called a 'college education' something that star trek reboot haters shouldve invested in. man i hate star trek reboot haters!! i wish theyd die and decent smart educated people like me can live in peace. its hard to enjoy a movie if theres haters in the world, i go through life hearing about critically acclaimed movies and agreeing that they deserve it, and for what? to get people like star trek reboot haters to lurk around and attack those who like them, i mean i thinki they should be considered dangerous. I like the reboots and you should too!! now look at me! ive read enough comments sections and blogs to the point where i ask if its ok to like something like wtf! who else does that!? 




 I promise I'm not a schizophrenic or a preteen im a normal person with normal emotions just like you, I'm just stressed out that the expanse tv show won't have the edge the books have. 




 I should've left out the 'must be educated' part 




 And why do people seem ok with it!?! I keep telling people on reddit "they will change stuff from the books" "they will neuter the characters and turn them into wimps" "they will rearrange the sequences of events" and people keep telling me that the writers of the books are gonna be involved in writing and are producers, as if that'll make the show any more faithful to the books, the syfy tv executives have a bigger hand in the show! I mean do people really wanna see characters they're attached to to lose their edge!?!?! and the story lose its edge? Like wtf?!?
you know what enjoy your watered down, neutered 'expanse' ill read the books, they contain the PROPER stories 
























