 "turkey boob"

now inserting into local lexicon. 




 True Story - go hitup Blue Ribbon Q in Newtown (or Watertown ? Can't remember) Mass right off the turnpike.  Great true q in Massachusets, I swear.  Better than some 'famous' places down south. 




 Amen Good, real, smoke BBQ is BBQ whether north, south, east or west.  I'd want to qualify that as true q though, cause up here in the Mid Atlantic there's a whole lotta people brainwashed into thinking that if it's meat served with corn syrup glopped all over it then it's q.
 




 Man that looks absolutely fantastic.  Good thing I just ate or I'd really be starving.  I love a good hot pastrami on rye, but never thought about making my own.   I may have to give this a go sometime.  




 they aren't exclusive ! Believe it or not there are people of both the pastrami and the corned beef persuasions. LoL.  




 Until the lady at the very end, I was 100% certain this was a parody commercial. 




 just got this.  Id been looking at wind shirts/jackets all winter, but wasn't about to pay "Big R" prices on them.  Dropped in at a local Sports Authority and found one on clearance for about 20 bucks. 

it's basically a windblock layer with a dwr, ultra light and compact, so perfect for running with in winter/shoulder season weather; work up a sweat, then when you stop throw this one to avoid freezing.  or use as a shell on a misty windy day at summit.   only dwr though, not an actual hard shell.   




 I think I'm going to go pitch a hammock at the school playground until I get thrown out. 




 True story.  When I was in high school my Dad bought me an EMS book bag.  Years the zipper stitching finally gave, I took it to a store, they sent it in and replaced it.  At the time the bookback was probably somewhere between 15 and 20 years old. 

I have absolutely no reservations about EMS standing behind their products.  




 I picked up a Rippack backpack at my local Eddie Bauer after checking out the Flash 22. Same idea - super light, "perfect size", except cheaper. I think I got mine for half the price of a Flash, and I much prefer the looks of it as well.     




 That's why you never look at "percent discounted".  It's all bullshit.   




 I've been really impressed by Dobbin Auto recently.  I took a chance having a new car and having used specialists for my previous car, and I'm glad I took the chance on them.  I actually just had some mail order winters installed by them and was really surprised at how reasonably priced and service oriented they were. The tire co shipped the wrong lug nut key, and Dobbin actually lent me theirs to hold on to until a new one was shipped.   




 I had a less than good experience with them, including bill padding.  




 It's just absurd this is even an issue.  I'm ashamed our state politicians are even wasting air on it.   




 Ah geez, thanks for the reminder. 




  I can bring way more than I need (like delicious, heavy goodies, beer, burgers

Wow, that's some pretty awesome backpacking ! 




 Yes, sorry about the mix up.   It  just says "Osprey" on the bag and my memory wasn't helping. 

 Hip belt pockets are handy to hold snacks, camera, sunblock, and various goodies you'll need often. 

Ive been thinking about this. If nothing else, having my compass there would be very handy, and my phone as well actually since I typically map and take photos with it (and a big external battery pack).    I usually just carry these things in my pockets, but there HAVE been times when I start  to do a scramble and have to stop and think about where my phone is and whether it's going to fall out. 

[What i mean by the exterior water pockets](http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/stores/sport-goods/detail-pages/B00AOICPE2-1.jpg)

I think unless a sleeping bag compartment is very waterproofed or has some other really unique thing about it beyond just the zipper, than it's really just a zipper access.  Which, frankly, the more I think about the more I like.  In my "bring the kitchen sink just in case" days I would have so much crap in like my 90l bag that getting to stuff could be a pain.   However, I'm very, very quickly getting out of that mentality, so I'm still going to think about that one. 

I use air mattresses.  Really need to.  Did foam pads for a very long time and just can't do them anymore. 

thank you !

 




 Lucky.  




 I have that kind of bag - the ginormous, bombproof super poofy belted bag.  It's awesome, but it weighs a ton compared to newer smaller bags which is why I'm looking. 




 Thank you /!  Sorry, I was wrong, my existing bag is a Variant 55, not an Atmos.  I had to dig up the original tag with the sticker to figure that out.   I'm really, really enjoying it so far and can't wait to actually go climbing with it !! 

I appreciate your rundown on the features you use.  Sounds like I may definitely enjoy a smaller bag for little day trips, and that trekking pole attachment sounds worth while.

By "exterior water pocket" I don't mean a slab/shovel/shove pocket on the rear of the pack. Some backpacks are now featuring the same old large pockets for water bladders, but now instead of putting them inside the main compartment they are putting them outside of the main compartment, in the harness area so that you can more easily get to it.  I sense that it makes refilling a LOT easier, and may also save some  main compartment space, and I like the idea of not carrying water in my main compartment space.

Thank you for your feedback it really helps.  
 




 Sorry, my bad.  It's a Variant 55.  I had to go dig up the original hang tag ... definitely a climbing bag, plenty of loops for hardware, and some nice axe straps.    




 Don't know if subaru's come this way, or if previous owner did this,b but my rear wiper use a roc lock 3 attachment.  Actually looks like a great attachment and really does go on and off easier than a pin/hook type except .... except .... apparently NOBODY carries blades for this retail, and plenty of manufacturers don't even have blades for it.  

Should I just replace the arm with a normal one, or is there some reason this would have a roc lock on the back but not the fronts ?  




 no fucking way.  




 how are these different from freezer bags ? just stronger or something?  




 Looks like a ruck glued onto a drag bag.  Wouldn't it make more sense to attach the rifle to outside portion of the bag, so that you could have a more anatomical harness system ? Also wonder if the weight of the bag leveraging into the rifle may cause discomfort, like pressing the rifle into the back of your legs, etc.  




 NFW. That's amazing.  And a physical security nightmare.
 




 do sleeping bag burritos work ? I've been told they don't ... although oddly the same folk told me to buy a liner ...  




 So, I'd figure out the real temperature youneed.  There can be a big price difference between a 20 and a zero.  I've done 5 degrees in a non-zero bag (it's a "10" that's actually EN rated 6 for men). If it gets to 20 degrees, I'd use a REAL 20 degree bag (EN rated, no Big Agnes or any other exagerators) and then just carry clothing  (ie a base layer) or a liner to accomodate any freak swings.  

The EN ratings are also for sleeping comfort, and their actual "surviving, but not sleeping anymore" temps are way, way lower.  So it's not like if you have a proper 20 and it dips to 10 you're going to die.  It means you put in the liner and continue sleeping in the buff, or perhaps you add a base or thermals. 

The key though is only buying an EN rated bag. Anything else is subject to a lot of bullshit, even these days.   




 -External frame backpack.  The type with the large flap covering.  Steel tube frame, preferrably heavy as hell. 
- A steel mess kit.
-Big round steel  canteen with a canvas cover and neck strap.  
- Items made of leather and canvas duck.  I've seen very stylish, anachronistic "bushcraft" gear like this.  Completely useless in terms of modern performance, but definitely old school cool. 

Searching "hiking in the 1950's" on Bing suggests you should also buy a bra.  Google returns less Marilyn focused results though. Odd. 




 So I took a chance on an Opsrey Variant 52 (climbing optimizied) that was on sale and finally gave it a proper breaking in.  LOVE it.  Now have absolutely no qualms about spending good money on a high end pack.  I get it now.

Thing is, this bag is optimized for climbing.  I do climb, but I do alot more 4 season day hiking, and hope to do more single night backpacks as well, perhaps with the occasional double overnight. 

Yesterday I noticed that even with my bag completely tightened up, it was pretty roomy. Another dude had a 33 liter and didn't even seem to fill that and it was a pretty rough hike. So I'm really thinking that while the 65 climber bag was a good way to test the waters, long term I'd be better off with a different bag ? 

Like should I swap this one, or perhaps keep it for when I need the size (backpacking, cold winter hikes when I want 40 layers with me, hiking with the kids, actually climbing etc) and maybe get an additional one ?  So I'm wondering: 

- Does having say a 24 or 33 for a day hike make anything easier ? Guessing they may be lighter ? 
- Has anyone used those trekking pole keepers  on the Osprey - theones that keep them parked under your arm ? I played with them in the store but can't quite get the feel for them.  Do they really let you transition to /from poles without mssing a step ? Or can you just as easily take the pack off, tie in the poles and put it back on ? 
- Sleeping bag compartments - a benefit ? My old bag had one, and it was heavier duty material so as to be more water resistant and prevent puncturing if I threw/sat on my pack. 
- Exterior water pouch slab.  This actually seems to make a lot of sense to me.  I was never really that jazzed about keeping a 3 liter water ballon inside my pack. 
- Pockets on the waist belt.  I have a gut.  I can't really see those pockets anyhow. Some of them seem to be really far back and difficult to access anyhow.  I still can't figure out if these are really nice,or just a gimmick.  I usually have pockets. 
- Bed roll straps on the bottom - seems like a nice way to save room by lashing the tent, or even the sleeping bag.  Truly useful ? 

thanks people.

EDIT: Sorry, originally I said I had an Atmos 65.  I was wrong.  It's a Variant 52... I had to dig up the original hang tags to figure that out.  I'm sorry for the confusion, thanks for everyone's patience. 




 That's absurd.  Everyone knows anything from Land's End or LL Bean isn't real technical gear that can be used for any outdoor activity.  You have to go to an outdoors store and spend 4 times as much for the same thing before it's good for outdoors use. 

I hope the facetiousness came through that well enough. I have a cheap (ie sub 50 dollar) LL Bean down puffy coat that I've had so long I can't even remember when I got it.... thinking about 8 years now, and it still beats the heck out of these wimpy, ridiculously over priced "light weight sweaters" they're selling in the stores.

And looks like Lands End is dumping their winter gear, making for some stupid good deals on jackets. 

 




 THIS.  I'm stunned how  many people don't buy the right clothes because all they see everywhere is the Gucci labels shoved down their throats at ridiculous prices.   Some of the best gear I have has come from Walmart.  Literally.  




 All the trucker's caps I've seen use plastic for the mesh.  Besides, if you don't get some fancy logo or band name on it, it should be pretty  cheap. 




 Even good ones ? I haven't toaken my new Nokian's on a rink yet, but I've definitely been on some ice with them.  They have plastic aggregate embedded in them. 




 yep, I didn't have a problem in the snow untril I tried snow tires and realized how much better it can be.  And these Nokian's didn't cost any more than any other good tire.  




 Never thought of that.  I'll have to try that technique.  




 I go to a super cheap gym that everyone makes fun of, and everyone there is  awesome.  everything wiped down in between, even when you're like "don't sweat it I'm good" they're like "it'll only take a second",  weights always put away.  I think the customers of the gym make more difference than the gym itself.  




 Yep, just did. Giant difference. AWD is completley overhyped ... even my dealership still says on their website "and with all wheel drive your wheels will stay glued to the road !" That's complete bullshit.  With AWD, all wheels will spin, that's all.  The entire rest of the difference is in maintaining traction.   AWD alone just seems to make it easier to mount obstacle and get out of mud/snow pits, etc. But definitely not to stop or turn. 

Good winter tires, however, make tracking, cornering and stopping more effective.  I just got some Nokian Hakka R2's puton my Sub right before about 10 inches of snow, and the difference is definite and obvious.  Not PERFECT - it doesn't make driving in snow and ice like driving on dry asphalt, but the first thing I noticed is that I could now STOP.   On my all seasons, driving to the mechanic, I had to slow for a turn into his driveway and slid about 50 feet with traction control bumping the whole time - basically a total loss of traction. With the hakka's, however, I can actually *slam* on the brakes at a low speed, and do a nice controlled longer distance brake at higher speeds with no loss of traction.  

So while others have pointed out that perhaps this article doesn't bring the proofs, I'd still generally agree with it's point - that it's the tires that make the difference, not awd or 4wd, when it comes to winter driving.  

 




 that helps !  




 march to april is exactly what I'm thinking. even late march you can get a snap freeze here in central MD.  




 lol. well, bring an umbrella if you don't want it to rain right?  I was lucky enough to get them just in time for what is probably goingto be our last big snow (unfortunately) 




 hmm, calling the land mgr is  a good idea. thanks !  




 I shall call them "Hakka" then :)   Unfortunately where i live we aren't allowed to use studded or spiked tires, so these are the closest I can get.  




 Yeah, we're already going into full melt here in central Md.  I HATE the melt.  I'd much rather just have freezing cold and snow.... so few people understand this though.    




 I can't even tell what happened there.   The camera must have been tilted, because it looked like (s)he slid sideways on a flat surface.   I'm guessing those were all season tires, because honestly that snow and terrain didn't look at all challenging ( just got some Nokians and having fun being unstoppable for a bit ;)  









 I love snow camping, and even snow hiking.  I recently equipped for snow fun, with crampons and some killer tires on the Subie.  

I haven't been to MNF in 20 years .... how bad an idea would Spruce Knob or other easy trails on the Monongahela be this weekend for a man and his faithful dog ?   My friends aren't as adventurous as I so I'm stuck solo.   Thinking an overnight backpack or car camp.   









 Hello, 

Getting some winters for my Subie.  I haven't had this car long and this would be my first real shadetree work with it (aside from oil).   Can anyone recommend the best TPMS activation and registration kit for Subaru ? I know with VW's there's a very specific ODB computer software that's highly recommended, but I don't know if there's one for Sub's.  I'll need to activate my sensors to get their serials, and then register them with the system.  

OR, will the ECU remember two sets of sensors so I don't have to register with each change of wheels ?

Thanks !  




 I heard that some Tire shops will let you rent space to keep your seasonal tires when you aren't using them.   I'm guessing this is probably in much cooler states than Maryland ... anyone ever hear of that here ?  




 I want some R2's for my Subaru, but the closet location on the dealer list is 75 miles away.  Surprisingly they don't list a single dealer in my State. 

For those of you driving Nokian's, how did you get them ? Mail order ? Or just lucky enough to have a local dealer ? 
 




 Got caught in the snow trying to get out of town last Saturday.  Columbia was a complete mess, took forever to get out of Howard C and never saw a plow.  Every other county the roads were nicely cleared and plenty of plows everywhere. 

Still trying to figure that one out.  Did Howard even try or was Columbia hit harder than adjoining towns ?  




 I see the sidebar recommends PayPal, but I'm not even sure what protections that in particular offers.  What are the accepted best practices for trading here so that the seller and buyer are both protected ?  




 Me again, the guy with the Subaru Rack.  Here's Part Tow.  Not a typo ;)  Well okay, Part TWO since I didn't ACTUALLY have to tow it, I managed to limp it in, but it was a scary limp. 

So, I get the rack replaced by local indie shop.  Great service, they do it same day.   Reasonably priced, I"m super happy to have it in time for a trip.  Life is good. 

Drive around town that evening doing some errands.  Next morning load it up, hit the highway, suddenly starts swerving left and right when I get it beyond a certain speed (around 55ish).   If I slow it down, it's okay.  

Limped it back to the shopw, we move everything to a buddy's car and go about out trip.  Come Monday, mechanic says he can't reproduce the swerving.  I test drive it with him, sure enough, it's gone.  

He does say that they had accidentally put power steering flud in, but the Cardone's take hydraulic fluid so they changed it out.  Today he's replacing the rack witht a "new Cardone one" just in case it was something in the rack like a bad seal.  Apparently the rack's dont have any way of leak down testing the interior seals. 

Here's the thing, I KNOW it was swerving.  It happened multiple times, it wasn't snow or wind.  It was obvious, and pronouced and clearly a car problem.   Would changing the oil out have that big a change ?  Or could a rack have an intermittent issue like that ? 

Thanks again guys and gals. 

Edit: Sorry, forgot this is a 2009 Subaru Outback with 121k.     




 hating life right now and feel like I can't win at losin, cause of course this issue's been nagging at me for months now, but by the time I made it in, 2,000 miles out of warranty. ... So typical.  

So, my 2009 Outback steering rack is leaking. Dealer says 1500 to replace, they can only replace with new parts.  Nothing against this dealer; they actually seem like a good group of folks, but that seems like good money after bad.   The car has 121k on it already ... should I call around and look for someone who's install a reman'd one instead ?  I figure it could be half price.   Still painful, but at least a kick right to the nuts. 

your thoughts ? thanks guys.

Edit: Hey guys, thanks for all the help.  I got it fixed today by a new indie (that I was really very, very pleasantly surprised by).   I just need the car for a planned trip on Saturday and also need the wife to be able to use it, so I was in a bit of a bind. 

I don't know what brand they used, didn't see those comments until just now, but they were literally half the price of the dealer.  THe car has over 120 on it, so if I get 50k out of it I think I'll be doing pretty well eh. 

But yeah, honestly, now that the honeymoon is over I'm pretty meh toward the car.  I used to drive a VW TDI and despite some of the maintenance pains of that (dsg fluid change,ftw ! ) it really drove and handled very nicely even at high mileage.  

But hey seriously thanks alot guys, I really appreciate the advice.  









 I'm experimenting with some bags trying to figure out what's working and what isn't.   Using liners, bags inside a bag etc I can get my core and legs comfortable no problem, but my feet are forever cold. 

I'm not aware of having any circulatory, metabolic or neural issues. 

Are down booties the solution here, or do I really need to stop messing around with bags that are not EN rated and trying to make them work, and just drop the dime to get a high quality rated bag that really is comfort to zero, or comfort to five etc ? 

Edit, forgot to mention, I wore wool socks all last night, but even made a point of putting on large ones that are not particularly elasticy or compressive.  DID have thermal tops and bottoms on, so my core and legs had an advantage, and went to "bed" fully dressed, thermals, pants, thermals, shirt, fleece but on my footsies just the wool socks. REALLY trying to find a winter combination that works. I thought buying this Lost Ranger ("15") was the trick but it isn't.  




 Going car camping with some friends next week.  I have a propane stove, but nothing for cooking over the campfire.  Like those tripods with the chains that hold a grill.  I've seen pictures of like a coffee pot brewing over the campfire, dutch ovens, etc.   It does look homy, but I've only ever cooked on a propane stove.   

Is the "campfire" experience really worth all the added kit ?  




 REI's having a clothing sale, and there's some midweight Capilene for sale. I was thinking this may be good for the remaining winter. 

Right now for a winter base I use some generic Champion brand quick dry leggings.  Does the job, they're thin though.  

I also have some old school white cotton waffle thermals.  Other than the obvious issues of cotton, any idea how capilene would compare to them, or the Champion leggings ? 
 




 I love my Vomero 9's but I reserve them just for running.   

Can anyone recommend a good Nike for  NOT running, just for walking, errands, daily stuff ?  I had previously been running in some 50 dollar "Downshifts" that fell apart, and learned that not all Nike's are quality. 

thanks ! 

 




 Been having an unseasonably warm winter, and decided to buy some new gear in hopes of going out this weekend.  May have picked the wrong weekend, cold snap moving in with lows expected at 12 deg F.   Have a Lost Ranger and a Nemo Cosmo on the way now, and plan on testing it out in the backward before wandering with them. Think that bag/pad combo will suffice if I wear thermals, socks, hat, and a down coat ? Can also add insulated ski pants and insulated boots if need be. 


Would be a single overnight, either in an open car camping spot, or in an AT 3 walled/overhead shelter.  Tent is 2 walled. 

 




 Baked ziti she said  when I rang her.   No need to pick anything up, it will be ready when I get home.  Except it isn't.  It's some sort of whole grain pasta that tastes like wrong. And low calorie, low fat cheese.   

So here I am at /r/food pretending I'm in a Norwegian burger joint.  




 TLDR: Bought first ever fancy sneakers, paid a ton, 4 months of being pampered across a mere 17 visits to the gym and they're falling apart. Wondering if all  Nike's are this undurable.

The long: 

Pretty much like the title says. My whole life I've kept it on the cheap buying clearance sneaks from discounters.  Finally venture out and buy some Nikes since I reason "If I'm going to start running, I should probably get some better quality shoes". 

That was exactly 17 trips, guesstimating about 45 miles, 51 total gym hours ago.  The shoes are used for exactly one thing, and one thing only: the gym.  They go to the gym in the gym bag, them come home in the gym bag, and they've never seen a sidewalk or a lawn. I don't even wear them around the house. 

One of them has developed frayed stitching on both the medial and lateral sides, and is now separating at a seam.

Are they all this bad  ?  




 This is essentially my next post in a series of "trying to resume backpacking after years of Dad'ing".   It's amazing how time gets away from you.   All my awesome gear that was so top of the line when I bought it, now it just makes me feel so old...

I found my old filter, a Pur Scout.  You know the one, grey plastic with a gloriously turqoise accents, just like my tent.  Oddly enough also just like my master bathroom before I rebuilt it, so it must have been a 60's thing before it was a 90's thing.   

This is a glass fiber filter to .3 micron's.  It USED to be iodine impregnated for an attempt at killing viruses.  Pumps water just fine.  Housing in great shape, the filter itself is physically "to the eye" clean, zero effort pumping, no smells, no slimes, no obvious indications of issue.   Sadly I probably only ever pumped maybe 20 liters through it over the years, it's aging is all shelf life. 

Think I can still use it ? Aside from the iodine, I can't find any reference to a shelf life on them.   

The new Katadyn's are also glass fiber, also .3 micron's.  They offer a few functional differences (like more easily detached tubes) but the filtering capabilities look identical.  

Any advice on whether I can chug away with my existing filter, if I should find a replacement cartridge for it (they DO exist) or if there's really any reason to I haven't identified to upgrade to a new one?   

Gracias mi amigos. 




 I've done my homework.  If I missed this somewhere just point me to it and I'll delete this post. 

As you improve your cardio conditioning, will a certain heart rate always feel the same even though you're running faster ? 

For instance, I can complete x miles at x speed which keeps my heart in the 160's. That's a challenge, but I can do it.   As I improve, if I increase speed and distance so that I keep my heart rate consistent, will it be the same challenge ? 

Does this also mean that if I want to continuously improve my cardio strength, ignoring running for the moment, that I actually need to increase my speed and distance not to become a better runner, but to keep my heart rate the same so that I'm providing the same level of relative excursion ?  As in if you run the same distance, same speed all the time won't you reach an equilibrium where you no longer get the same level of cardio training from it ? 

thanks !  









 Had a bonafide emergency and haven't lifted in 11 days and am going in tonight.   Last session I progressed my weights.  Tonight should I continue with the progressed weights, or go back to my previous weight ? 

Edit: Hey, thanks everyone. Man, thanks for the encouragement.  I just had a fantastic workout.  Took 2 minutes off my 2m run, and progressed 5 lbs on all my lifts.  I was worried that I was approaching too long a delay and would never make it back but now I'm back in the swing.  thankx !  




 Hey guys, me again, skeptical old skool guy transitioning to modern pricey stuff.

I've been hiking in desert boots forever now (when I'm not just wearing sneaks).  I decided to try some new commercial boots and really liked the Asolo Restons.  Spent a long time trying them again other boots, buy them, and with an hour of wearing them at home get alot of pain where my left lateral metatarsal joins the cuboid (basically the bony protrusion below the little toe).   I loosen the lacing, try to accommodate it, but at that point it was too hot already. This morning that area was still red.   

Not sure why, because in the store they felt really good.  I like the 'narrow through the arch' fit as my running shoes are  like that. 


Does this mean I need wider boots, or is this just a matter or breaking them in? Do synthetic shoes even break in ? Will they conform to my foot like leather does ? 

I'm wearing them now and they feel only snug, not painful.  I paid more attention to give the lower laces slack while cranking only the ankle portion. 

Back when I played hockey the pro shot was able to heat my skate's boot up and bump out a hotspot for me; can you do that with synthetic hiking boots ? 

And if I really just need different boots, how is big R with taking stuff like this back ?  I'm a little sheepish about it because I'm not one to gratuitously return stuff, and I spent forever trying on different boots.  

thanks again for your patience and advice.  




 If anyone has "hiked" in both BDU or ACU pants, as well as dedicated 'hiking pants', could you give me some feedback on why you think the hiking pants are worth it ?  

I've spent plenty of time in bdu's or just cheap cotton civie cargo pants, and wondering what I'm missing. 

they don't seem to have very good carrying capacity, ie few pockets and not very deep.  They also dont seem designed to tuck in at the boots, but i suppose the threat of ticks and critters isn't as high on a maintained trail as it is when say laying prone for hours on end.  




 I've decided the first and best use case for us to migrate to newer HA tech is to replace the Hunter remotes in our fans (since we can never find the remotes anyhow, and replacement/additionals are ridiculously priced).   But, in all my searching, it seems there's exactly ONE ceiling fan controller that goes in the canopy and controls the lights and fan ?

 




 Bought a pricey DLINK wireless camera DCS 5222L yesterday and returned it same day.  I was seriously disappointed in the image quality from 5 feet away in a brightly lit room. 

Are they all that bad ? Or does PoE offer better images.   




 I just bought this DCS-5222L and it feels like a blast from the past.  I mean that in a bad way.   For the 160-190 price tag I expect much, much better images than this at much higher resolution.  The MyDlink site and software doesn't exactly wow either.  I mean seriously, it's 2015 and you want me to run an APPLET ? skeptical look on face 

Do all wireless cameras suck as cameraing ? Can anyone suggest a better one ? 

I just want something I can mount outside that uses PIR to trigger video which I can then view from a mobile device or web app.  Preferrably which dispalys events on a timeline.  

I'm willing to pay for something like a Sensr as well, particularly if it employs any advanced imagry analysis techniques beyond just showing me a video. 

 




 All I'm planning for winter packing and camping and am trying to figure out how cold rated of a bag I really need.  Does anyone have any beta on low temps in the Maryland portion or surrounding areas please ?  I see bags that seem plenty fine, then people call them 3 season so not really sure what I need. Really only wander around Md AT sections and various state parks around Deep Creek going as far as Ohiopyle, would definitely love to get back to WVa like Dolly Sodds. Thanks! 




  Question for folks who have transitioned from mummy bags to rect/semi-rect - does the increase in comfort by having more wiggle room outweigh the extra size and weight ?  Or you do you kind of wish you stayed with lighter smaller bags ? 

My 15-20 y/o cat's meow just makes me claustrophobic now.   




 I received a new dock for my M7 and noticed that it occasionally slow charges, and my phone will display the slow charge message.  But not all time, and it does this despite using the same cable and adapter that consistently provide fast-charge. 

The dock does say "power and data transfer" on it, but if the dock itself only allowed 500ma through, then I'd get the slow charge message all the time, not intermittently.  It may be a quality issue with the dock pinouts, but in the meantime does the M7 do anything like intentionally switch to slow charge mode as it's nearing topping off ?  I hadn't noticed before, but I honestly don't track when updates are pushed, or what's in the updates.  

AND ... is it just me, or is this sub's CSS using white-on-white for stuff ?  




 My M7 lags horrendously and I have to suspect it was due to enabling encryption.  I swear there are times when it takes 15 seconds to register a touch.  When it's acting up it becomes an infuriatingly useless collection of precious metals.  

Anyone else have this issue ? I've already gone through and removed many apps, disabled a bunch of the pointless carrier spam apps, cleared caches, etc.  I'm only using 20 out of 32 gigs storage.   

I have at least 5 other Android devices in my household which have never experienced anything like this - and they don't have encryption  - so I can't help but point the finger at encryption.   




 I'm old enough that I was around for a lot of technologies when they were new, and then things changed. Looks like HA is one of those. 

I picked  up some X10 around, I don't know, 6 years ago ? 8 ?  And used it on or two thing than really got into it.  I have their desktop controller, and some keychain fobs as well.  Those things are the best - come home late at night, foyer light automatically on.  

I picked up plenty of receptacle controllers for very cheap at RadioShack a couple years ago as well, and actually  still have several new in their packaing. I installed several light switches, the neat kind that work both as addressable but also as regular manual switches as well. 

When my outdoor lamp finally gave way, I replaced it with an X10 one a couple years ago, love it and it's still going strong.  Great deal too. 

I just read this: http://www.reddit.com/r/homeautomation/comments/z9a60/insteon_zwave_x10_or_something_else/  that said X10 was basically a dead company, yet their website it still alive (I'm old enough to remember when they ruined the Web with popunders).  

I never could figure out how to get a decent interface into it though and really build "automation" into it; always used it more as "remote control".  I remember installing software and buying a home and using what seemed to be their first or second approach at software control and not liking it. 

I see alot of discussion against x10 in many cases but it appeared to be related more to having problems with it.  I'm not having any problems with it.  It works on my wiring just fine for whatever reason (old house, built around the time the x10 protocol was, I suppose that's why). 

So aside from not being able to (easily) control my stuff from my phone/tablet/phablet/wearable, are there compelling reasons to buy into the new fangled stuff ?  

Don't get me wrong - a rock solid, reliable, affordable solution that also gives me great mobile access will get my money for sure, but I"m hesitant to go buy new just because it's new. 

As an example I did spend on a Nest last year, and had to return both of them.  They literally wouldn't stfu.  They were still babbling at the Home Depot return desk, which was funny; certainly didn't require much explanation as to why I was returning them. 
 




 Hi all, 

Not intending this as asking medical advice, really more product advice if that's ok.   But first, I want to thank y'all for what you do for folks.  My PT's were really awesome and I came out with not just a stronger foot but really kind of a whole new lease on life and a renewed focus on fitness, so PT's of the world I thank ya.

They used an OTPT stretch Ez on it and that thing will change your life if you've never *really* stretched before (I thought I knew what stretching was, PT and Yoga taught me I had no clue what stretching was).   I'd like to buy one, but I see there's also generic stretching straps that can be used for more stretches as well like upper body.  I don't want to buy more than I need - does anyone know if a regular stretching strap can provide the same "through the foot" stretch that the stretch ez will, even though they don't have the booty ?  Or perhaps I should really buy both. 

Thanks !  









 hey all, 

I'm not on the program, but this seemed like a better sub to ask than /r/running since this program resembles what I've been doing on my own. I started walking routinely about a year and a half ago and getting my legs back.  Recently I started hitting the treadmill and am happily making gains. I started a couple months ago walking around 3-3.5 mph with the occasional run around 6mph for a minute, than back down.  I've been making gains, and my baseline speed is now 4ish, with sprints up to 8.5.  

Both are fine.  I mean, I'm sweating like a pig, I'm definitely seriously focusing but I love it, and both feel bio mechanically correct, both feel like I should be doing it. But jogging is the suxor and I can't stand it.  No specific pain, not shin splints (know them), not a sprain, strain or fracture (yup, know them too )  but just an overall lower body rejection of what I'm doing. 

Is it normal to have trouble with jogging despite being very comfortable walking and running ? Maybe it's a weight thing (I'm over 200 lbs) or a form thing ( I'm graceful  like an elephant) ?  Or is this just a suck it up and it'll improve thing ? 

thx. 




 Our cars are showing their age so at point last year I started researching polishers and detailing and had different items in a wishlist to compare and keep learning.  My bad, I was really just using it as placeholders and had  3 or 4 polishers in it... but well, awesome wife sees wishlist, sees I'm looking at polishers and knowing the brand decides to get me a Dewalt.  So now I'm the proud owner of a Dewalt DWP849X. 

BEAUTIFUL tool.   Clearly exceptional build quality with many useful features.  This is perhaps only the second Dewalt I've ever splurged for, but boy you literally feel the difference except ... I've never used a polisher.  I was doing research to start off.

So now I have this awesome polisher, but it's straight up rotary and I'm trying to decide whether to keep it, or return it and get a DA.

Pros I see, as in leaning to keep: 
- Shipping it back would cost me at least something. 
- Variable power as low as 600 rpm which seems to be lower than most DA's. Probably not as risky to use as fixed-speed rotary's.
- Dewalt. 
- Would grow with my skills
- Can use it for polishing wordworking as well, although that wouldn't be often at all
- Large size means working large panels faster especially on her van.
- Able to grow with me should I ever start learning how to correct. 
- Have done plenty of work with my hands, learn pretty quickly, not klutzy.

Cons I see: 
- Expensive.  
- Only working on my own cars. Need to fix up some scratches and chips, other than that just routine beautification. 
- Never used one before. 
- Larger means not being able to easily work tight spaces
- Larger pads seems harder to find, less selection
- Different spindle size/threads  than smaller DA's means getting backer more difficult

The car's themselves are pretty well dinged up.  Mine has a bunch of rock chips, and hers has all sorts of fine scratches.  Do any of them really require a rotary or would I be able to address them with a DA ? 

Pictures here: http://imgur.com/a/84FmA

This has honestly been a minor dilemna for us.  Wife keeps asking if she should return it and I'm not sure what to tell her.  Appreciate any advice y'all give.

 




 I'm really not finding any dog barriers that thrill me, so I'm considering just making my own out of 1" webbing.  

Has anyone ever installed any sort of tiedown/lashing points *inside* their car ?  Any tips, urls, search terms you could point me to ? 

 




 Looking for folks to go out and be active with. I've done Meetup in the past, it's great, but it's always fixed schedules, RSVP first, large groups, etc.   I've been making good progress in the gym and want to get more active in the outdoor rec dept. before the monotony of the gym sets in.  

I'm into hiking, climbing, backpacking, camping (as in car) and have plenty of gear including kayaks, TR setups, etc.   Looking for cool progressive, educated (self or otherwise) motivated folks, figured Reddit would be a good place to look.  No crime/420 please. 
 




 I'm not vegetarian but my daughter is. For Christmas each year I like to make homemade peppermint marshmallows for everyone and as gifts.  They're a big hit, but there's a couple ingredients that are no-no's for strict vegetarians: sugar and gelatine.  My daughter's choice has had a great positive impact on the rest of the family's nutrition.   I for one don't identify vegetarian but literally can't remember the last time I ate meat now.  Out of respect for her I'd really like to make some vegetarian marshmallows.   I already use char-free natural sugar, so no problems there.  The issue comes with gelatine which is an animal product.   Even "kosher" gelatine is animal based.   I managed to track down some agar flakes (agar is basically processed kelp, it's used to make all those super-firm asian gelatine treats), and was very careful about researching conversions from flakes to power, agar to gelatine, etc. I experimented with two different batches, taking notes.  the first batch was just "fluff"and wouldn't aerate at all, despite having slightly overcooked the sugar past soft-ball more towards hard-ball.  I figured they would aerate and set too hard, but the opposite happened.   Second batch aerated better, came out with more of a gelatenous composition, so I poured it to set in the casserole dish... but it never set.  Basically ended up being really smooth, nice frosting. It was tasty, but not a marshmallow.

I really want to perfect this.  I've read and studied plenty of internet recipes but this one particular area of vegetarian cooking seems to be pretty mythical, or I'm doing something very wrong, or I'm doing it right and vegetarian marshmallows will just never come out the same as gelatine based ones.  I do know now not to buy flakes again, as the conversion from flakes to powder is just another area to go wrong with.   Having to boil the agar is another twist that changes the mechanics of "normal" recipes. 

If you'd successfully made vege/vegan marshmallows, would you mind sharing some tips with me ?  I can google recipes, did plenty of that, but it's just not working.   I feel bad that my daughter suddenly can't enjoy one of our favorite winter treats and out of respect for her I'd really like to nail this recipe.  I promise if I can nail it I"ll make a full write, with photos, ingredient sources, etc since this seems to be a unicorn of vegetarianism.

thanks ! 


 




 I've pretty much stopped clicking any Reddit links to YouTube.   




 I'm amazed at how professionally and positively you guys approach a tough job full of constant asshole customers and just couldn't resist saying something about it.  

I'll go back to lurking now. 
 




 Shopping for frameless roller-on-header style bypass shower door. 

Does anyone have any experience with the CR Laurence Serenity hardware that all the custom manufacturers use, versus say the new Kohler Levity or the Vigo ?  




 I read about Fannie's homestyle and am interested in the potential for using that to reduce renovation cash outlays on investment property. 



If I understand it correctly, I can borrow up to 100% of the completely value based on an appraisal, but I have to put 10% of the reno costs down, plus whatever cash down the mortage lender requires, but then I get to ammortize those reno costs over the life of the loan, drastically reducing cash outlays when buying.  Unfortunately my costs of reno will be increased by their requirements to use contractors and reducing my sweat equity opportunities only their approved tasks (which I can't find). 



I'm really having a lot of trouble finding good information though; just a lot of copypasta of their marketing verbiage.  Couldn't even get search hits on Reddit, and you can get search hits on *anything* on Reddit. Is this a brand new product, or a product that just doesn't have a market ? I'm guessing there are few lenders I could get one through, and it probably comes with a higher rate.  I don't see it mentioned on my CU's site either, so I'm guessing they don't offer it :( 



Does anyone have any idea where I can find good hard info on it ? I need the deetz ....thank you ! 





EDDIT: I just read the title.  Phrasing.  "Fannie Mae Homestyle Renovation Loans" would be a bit more appropriate. 




 (x-post from /r/mortgages) 

Looking at refinancing my house.  I haven't deal with a mortgage since I was a kid and back then I just did whatever the realtor recommended.  I'm pretty scared about getting this wrong. This is from my CU (who I love) but it's not a GFE yet. The mortgage is currently being held a big bank.


 To my n00b eyes it looks great - is it ? Would there any advantage to doing a VA or FHA or other options like that ?  thank you Reddit


* Housing ratio under 4%
* Debt to income under 7%
* Middle credit score over  800
* All the "LTV"s are under 40%


NO-cash-out 15 yr convential fixed for $170k @ 2.75 with 1.625 discount points. 


Closing charges are: 


* Origination fee: 1965 (1% orig plus $285 lender fee)
* Appraisal fee: 380. 
* Credit Report Fee: 50
* Flood Cert: 9
* Tax Service: 105
* Recording Fees:80
* Lenders Title Insurance - Agent Portion: 397
* Lenders Title Insurance - Underwriters Portion: 70
* settlement or Closing Fee: 900
 
Prepaids   Reserves

* Hazard Insurance Premium (Monthly) 6 Months @$175.97 $1,055.82
* Property Taxes 6 Months @$375.91 $2,255.46
* Interim Interest 17 Days @$12.68 $215.56

 




 Looking at refinancing my house.  I haven't deal with a mortgage since I was a kid and back then I just did whatever the realtor recommended.  I'm pretty scared about getting this wrong. This is from my CU (who I love) but it's not a GFE yet. The mortgage is currently being held a big bank.


 To my n00b eyes it looks great - is it ? Would there any advantage to doing a VA or FHA or other options like that ?  thank you Reddit


* Housing ratio under 4%
* Debt to income under 7%
* Middle credit score over  800
* All the "LTV"s are under 40%


NO-cash-out 15 yr convential fixed for $170k @ 2.75 with 1.625 discount points. 


Closing charges are: 


* Origination fee: 1965 (1% orig plus $285 lender fee)
* Appraisal fee: 380. 
* Credit Report Fee: 50
* Flood Cert: 9
* Tax Service: 105
* Recording Fees:80
* Lenders Title Insurance - Agent Portion: 397
* Lenders Title Insurance - Underwriters Portion: 70
* settlement or Closing Fee: 900
 
Prepaids   Reserves

* Hazard Insurance Premium (Monthly) 6 Months @$175.97 $1,055.82
* Property Taxes 6 Months @$375.91 $2,255.46
* Interim Interest 17 Days @$12.68 $215.56

Edit: I learned how  to format better.  




 Hello, 

Pulled a report today, it was a really odd report - nothing wrong or inaccurate, but it had accounts on there from 20 years ago, all marked OK, paid as agreed, etc, but I had to jog down memory lane to recognize some of it.  

Is that normal ? Should I be worried about it ? 

There were also some hard pulls and soft pulls I didn't recognize.  I'll have to sort those out a bit and then refute.  But if I'm already in the high 760's, is there any benefit to trying to get my credit higher than that ?  Will I get a better mortgage rate or car loan ?

Thanks

 














 We get reminded of this every year. 




 
I'm a slug who just got off PT, I've been getting into basic shape with a yoga/pilates class (love it)  but I want to add an extra class to build on the momentum and add diversity. 

I was wondering if there are branches of bodyweight that aren't quite strictly bodyweight only, but may incorporate some of the toys we used in PT, like elastic bands for doing sideways walking, medicine balls, bosu's, etc.  I realize I could incorporate all this at home myself into traditional bodyweight routines, but I'm really hoping that it exists as a "thing" so I can start googling nearby classes.  

thanks !  




 HI everyone, 

I've been using lumbar support pillows them religiously for about 5 years but I still had posture problems and plenty of back pain.  Standing up straight was still an effort that I couldn't maintain long.  

Recently I started doing a combination of yoga and pilates with great results.  I  noticed that the instructor continuously emphasizes keeping the back down, not arched up, and suspected maybe my pillow was hurting me by arching my lower back out.  So I removed it from the car, and I've been driving for a week without it. 

It felt odd at first, and hurt a bit - my back hadn't felt the unmodified contours of a car seat for half a decade, but now I feel as if my back is getting stronger and my posture is improving. 

Could it be that the pillow long term was actually pushing my back into a curve ? I think maybe it was crutching me - pushing my back into a curve but supporting it for me, but then when I'm out of the car/office chair my back wants to stay curved and now with no support. 

Sound feasible, or maybe it's just the yoga/pilates only ?  




 Hey y'all,

I'm new here.  I was poking around /r/bbq for a bit saw this /r/smoking. That confused me a bit, since we *all know* (right?) that barbecue is smokin. If it ain't smoked, it ain't que. 

But this sub looks like my people.  So I wanted to ask y'all, I'm sure we've all smoked new/ slightly unusual things (like trying beef ribs for the first time, smoking a turkey) but I was hoping to hear some of the unusual things folks have smoked.   

In addition to all the usual stuff like beer, pork, chicken, sausage, stuffed jalapenos, I've smoked a whole salmon (Costco, it was fawesome), filet, crabcakes, lobster tail (that trio is typically reserved for birthday dinners for a special someone), cheese (HOT smoked, made a smoked fondue, highly recommended), and ... I've smoked tandoori chicken, which is definitely a favorite.  

What kind of interesting "out of the ordinary" stuff have y'all smoked ? 




 it will just make your microwave dinner that much more depressing. 
Me so hungry, me eat looong time.  




 Hey hey, I got a Subaru Outback, and I'm really digging it.  I also have some wildling dogs though, and could use some advice on best seat covers and compartment separators if you wouldn't mind.  I love the leather interior and don't want them clawing it up when they're roaming, and one dog is so big and crazy she just needs a little solitary in the back when we're driving. 

Do they make neoprene seat covers ? 

thanks !  




 http://imgur.com/JbcsI0u

Profiles are too mis-matched to just butt and caulk, so  I'll be coping it.

Question is - rip the base so that the top edges of the molding are at the same level, or rip is so that the curves are at  the same level ?  

I really wanted a shorter base molding that would hit the curb on the flat part only, but wife kept insisting on full height base molding... sure none'ya ever been in that position before right .... 

thanks! 
 




 tl;dr: I have forgotten how to carpentry and a small task is turning into a comical ordeal. What do you do when a simple project kicks your butt ? 


Finishing up a major bath overhaul, and it's time for casing and molding. Did a great job painting, thinking "man, in 2 more days I'll be bathing in this bad boy".  That was a week ago. How little did I know.

The drywall didn't come close to flush anywhere along the jamb.  Sure, I've dealt with that before; just ripped some extensions, putty and finish well and it looks great.  So I rip some extensions. Except on one upright the edge waves back and forth between proud and recessed.  That's a new twist, I start trying to deal with it.

Grab the casing in the garage, case out the door.  Rosettes instead of mitres, looking good, grab the base molding, cut to length, fits great. Except wots this ? the base molding is thicker than the casing ? How did I NOT notice that before installing it ? Seriously ?

Go buy new molding with the wife.  Goes well; we agree on the pieces,, she pulls I cut (by the foot at the shop), get home, perfect lengths, goes with room, great.  Start measuring and cutting, my brain goes numb and I cut my first mitre backwards.  Ok, I have two other sticks.  hmmm, this one's pine, this one's mdf.  And this one is uncorrectably warped; in our hurry neither one of us did a good job picking the sticks. And now it's cut and useless.  For real. I bought millwork from a box store without checking it.  It's like I've never done this before. 

go back later, get new molding, carefully culling this time. Get back, study the job some more, there's really no easy way to work the jamb extensions... it's a toughie.  Decide to mash the drywall down a bit instead.  Forget to score it.  So there's a fresh crack running up the wall now. Yup, put down the tools and walk away.  Sir, step away from the nailer. 

I am honestly not an incapable person. I've done some great carpentry work around the house, but for this one project- which really should be like an hour max-  I feel like I've stepped into some sort of Twilight Zone and have suddenly forgotten everything I ever knew and am now a bumbling idiot with all thumbs who have never seen a compound mitre saw. You'd laugh watching me fumble with this. 

Have any of you ever had to deal with this sort of situation where you're doing a pretty run of the mill project, and for some reason it just kicks your butt ? How do you deal  with it ?  Do I need to just walk away from it for a day, clear my head ?  Or is it time to admit defeat and call someone ?


Edit: Hey thanks everyone.  Glad to know I'm not the only one who's been in this boat.   SO - I just finished casing the door, and it looks good.  Even the mitre's - my first - came out pretty darn good. 

I needed to get away from it a bit, and take my time more.  ALSO, brutalzing the drywall turned out to be the right thing to do.  Between pounding it with a block, and shaving off a high spot I actually got a much better fit without jamb extensions than I did with it.  Using lots of clamps to hold all the pieces in place helped me tweaking the mitre,  and definitely using straight lumber was a huge help; one area in particularly where I swore the jamb was swelling was actually just crowning in the stick.  So  a combination better sticks, trying a new technique, and just getting my head out of it for a while really helped.  

My day is much better now, thanks.  Now I'm done with the door casing and ready to ~~fuckup~~ start the window casing.  Thanks all, happy Friday !  




 Up until earlier this year I hadn't really eaten in an "Italian restaurant" for about 20 years. Then earlier this year my son and I make a trip to the city, and we end up on a late night binge in Little Italy.  I have no idea where we ended up ; probably like the only place still open.  Can't remember what he got, but I had risotto for the first time... risottoe con fungi. In February. In the city.   I died and went to heaven. 

Fast forward several months, and I finally work up the courage to try eating Italian out back home.  Twice, two different restaurants.  Now I'm sad.  I'm spoiled forever for great Italian.   

Is it really that hard to find solid, top quality Italian food outside of NYC ? 
Is it a case of stupid consumers who think anything with tomato sauce on it is "good italian food" as long as it's served with bread and oil ?   




 I jumped on neighborgoods (http://neighborgoods.net/) a couple months ago because I have a ton of tools that don't get used enough.  Seems like a great way to build community; tools are expensive, contractors are expensive, and alot of DIY is having the right tool for the job.  

Plenty of folks can afford to buy tools, but it doesn't always make sense if you're only going to use it once.  Some tools can be rented, some cannot, and why rent if you don't have too ? Access to tools and DIY experience can be a powerful economic enabler as well.  

Hop on the site though and check it out.  It's free.  We need more Columbia on there.  Other smaller, closer knit communities are really active on it and some towns even have public "Tool Sheds" for folks to use. 

Ironically I told a couple neighbors about it and let them know I have stuff on there to lend, and they gave me the "u trying to sell me something" look.  I'm not. It's free.  The sites free, borrowing is free.   I did it to be a little more civic minded and neighborly. 

check it out. 

 









 Hey could anyone take a sophisticated wild-ass guess at what it would cost to replace a heatpump in a small townhome ?  Never dealt with one before... under 5k? 5-10, over 10 ?  




 Hey everyone, new to this sub. 

I've been thinking about soloar for a while now, but I'm having trouble digesting all the data.  I'm in central Maryland and I'd like to have someone come out, take a look and give me ideas of my options.  Thing is, I'm not married to solar yet and if the payback time is forever than I may not do it.  Is there an 'average payback time' ?  Any recommendations of  folks to call in central  Md ? 

thanks!

Edit: Wow, I"m impressed.  I only recently joined Reddit and thought it was all about memes and pet photos.  I can't believe how much really helpful advice there is (I've been contributing as well, not just asking).  It's like having  every specialty forum under one roof.  Thank you all very much for the extremely helpful info. 









 howdy,
Title says it all. have to paint some fresh drywall. good mud job, no skimcoat and for the life of me I can't find any Gardz or Drawtite. SW carries R-35, anyone ever use it ? Think it will do the job ? This is in a bath room with only late afternoon sunlight, one window, but bright overhead lighting with a semi going on the wall. shower, not tub, expecting some humidity.
thank y'all !

I had originally posted this in /r/painting before I realized that was an artist sub, doh. 




 title says it all.  Is it working ? Are we getting the education funding and other benefits that we were all sold ?  




 I'm a new Subie driver, bought mine used around 100k miles.  I came off a VW that had more miles than this on it, and the VW drove really tight; the steering, the cornering, everything on it felt way more put together. 

On the Subaru, it all feels kind of loose if that makes sense. Nothing specific, like it's not obviously pulling to one side, or there isn't obvious play when turning the streeting wheel, it just doesn't feel well put together. 

 I've heard that Subarus have been known to have rattles and just kind of odd stuff, although they have good bones.  Is this just how Subies drive, or should I get my alignment and steering checked ?  I still have a few months left on the warrant, so I'd like to stem off anything major while I still can.  

thanks !  




 "Father, I have a confession to make; I had a threesome with two hot teachers."

"Well my son, we all have our transgressions. I want to you say 10 Hail Mary's".

"Father I can't do that, I'm Jewish !"

"Then why are you telling me this ? "

"Father, I'm telling EVERYBODY"
 




 I'm in the finishing stages of my epic bathroom r/m and am ready to install the electrical fixtures.  

I love the look of Adorne, and really have to commend them for actually considering design.  But they're pricey, so out of due diligence does anyone have real-world feedback they wouldn't mind sharing ?  




 I've been googling but for some reason my brain won't make this clear to me.  I have a Roth @ ScottTrade that isn't doing too hot, and I'd like to put it into a Vanguard index fund.  Can I do buy that from within my ScottTrade account or do I have to create an account at vanguard and somehow transfer it over ?  Is there any disadvantage to just buying it from withing ScottTrade, like will  they charge me an unnecessary fee ? 
The actual amount is a mere pittance, like 4k.   
























 Honestly this sounds like the perfect application for camera traps. 

http://www.basspro.com/Hunting-Game-Trail-Cameras/_/N-1z0ux3h/No-40 




 yeah, I could believe that depending on the pack.  There's still the mess factor though.  honestly not sure how much a pack cover  would help with that though since they don't cover the harness. i really want to try out large  poncho's again for that reason (and others) 




 It seems gist of the debate is that basically they are breathable and waterproof but only at certain levels of output, so they're rarely waterproof *and* breatheable at the same time.  At low output, low external humidity your internal humidity will be high enough to get pushed through (breathe) but low enough to not overwhelm it and get you wet.  [So it's breathable.]   (http://www.thegearcaster.com/2014/02/what-exactly-is-waterproof-breathable-fabric.html)

But when it's raining out, your internal humidity will essentially never exceed the external humidity, so it won't breathe, but it will keep the external water out to.a.point.  The material can still get [fully wetted and end up yielding to the rain.] (http://sectionhiker.com/why-does-rain-gear-wet-out/)

And there's the rub.  When it's raining out, it doesn't breathe well, so you're still getting wet by sweat. As wet as in a downpour ? Depends on you. Maybe you'd be better off just wearing nothing, or better off  in a fully waterproof layer  (forgoing any claims of breathability) or maybe dumping heat mechanically (pit zips, vented side pockets etc).  


It's tricky stuff, it's rather endleslly debated, and you'll see all varieties of approach to rain on the trail.   


http://www.andy-kirkpatrick.com/articles/view/the_truth_about_breathable_waterproofs

http://popupbackpacker.com/the-search-for-the-holy-grail-waterproof-breathable-rain-gear/

http://treelinebackpacker.com/2014/08/09/backpacking-in-the-rain/



In one day of constant drizzle marked by downpours on the AT this week  I saw very expensive membrane parkas on slow moving new hikers, I saw very fast packers just wearing windshirts (makes sense too, get wet, but at least you're keeping the wind chill off),umbrellas, me in my full on rubber rain coat, and folks who just wore nothing. Hard to say any of them were right or wrong.  

In the military I've used goretext parka's, pvc tops and bottoms, as well as simple poncho's.  They all have their place.  Goretex is comfortable and easy to deal with, it's built right into your jacket so you don't need an extra layer etc, but I absolutely remember it leaking when laying on the ground.  PVC absolutely won't leak as a material, but the design could have errors in it, and it's not as comfortable. Personally though, for just rucking, I happen to really like a large poncho.  It covers you and your ruck all at once, keeping your ruck drier than any cover could (which still doesn't cover your big ole sponges we call hip and shoulder belts), you get leg coverage, you get mobility INSIDE the poncho so you can do things like eat, smoke, grab the camera, whatever and you can choose to keep your hands out (using poles) or in.   They're also the most breathable waterproof layer *evah* and for trail hiking, I think they're the bestest.   Can't really ski, climb, scramble, run or do other stuff in them too well though.  




 I think there's a lot of truth in the comments as well.  If I get caught in a downpour, the contents of my pack may be fine, but I don't  like hauling a soaked pack that much; it really takes a very long time to dry out and is a mess later than evening setting camp.  




 Hey thanks!  I just drew them into my map and it all worked out perfectly !   Those new shelters are  really nice !  Raven Rocks is pretty much nicer than my house ....  




  I think I spent a solid 15 minutes deciding which block of cheese 
LoL, this statement itself is very calory dense.  




 I'm very impressed at how you can have your right foot to the left of the print, but your left hand to the right of it, while using (presumably) your right hand to take the photo from top dead center.  Are you by any chance a Competitive Twister player ?  




 You're going to be really surprised how quickly that 20 pounds comes when loading it up with real gear.  But like you said, go hit the trail with it. If nothing else it will be great for winter hiking where you need more space for lots of lightweight fluffy stuff and a big ole nerf ruck is perfect.   




 Really ?   




 Cheered me up ! 




 Planning a section hike and working off an older map... for the Northern section of Maryland, it seems like: 

- Ensign Cowell Shelter is a new addition east of Hemlock Hill shelter.  Correct ? Does Hemlock Hill exist anymore ?
- Raven Rocks shelter is a new addition, near the Devils Racecourse shelter, but on the opposite side of the trail. 

Did I get that right ? Thanks !  




 Just wanted to share something that's working very well for me.  I've read a lot of arguments for compound lifts, as well as for isolation lifts.   You can achieve the best of both worlds though by combining multiple isolation exercises at once though.   For instance, you can do preacher curls while doing say cable hip abductions if you just slide the preacher bench over to the cable machine.   You can also very effectively do dumbell back flies while on a supine leg curl machine, or do dumbell military press while on a leg extension machine.  This gives you time advantage as well as gym confusion which is very important to muscle growth.  

I've reduced my total work out time to about 20 minutes and although I'm not into aesthetics I have noticed alot of people stealing glances at me while I work out now. 
 




 I was fully bracing myself for the impact  of the Rick Roll, only to be blindsided by this.  




 Pretty sure this is like the third car shop thread in a month... should probably just make a sticky.  Here are my recommendations: 

-If you own a VW,  than Anker's on 40.  When I drove a VW only on rare occasion did anyone other than Pete or myself touch my car.  Does a great job, knows VW's inside and out, reasonably priced and very honest.  

- I recently needed an emergency repair and called around looking for a shop that could work on my car same day.  Dobbin Auto did the job quickly, and for half the price of my dealership.  I get very good vibes from them as well, and recommend them. I have since used them for other work as well.

- BP over in Harpers Farm is the wife's go-to place. Been using them for years, never a problem, always reasonably priced. 




 Bingo.  National or by it's airport code. If you're my age and call it "Reagan" I automatically know you migrated here. 

I never knew that Congress actually renamed it.  Seems like a really piss poor use of legislative effort, going around arbitrarily renaming things like they own everything.   




 Yep, I spent a couple years commutting from Howard County to Arlington County. Experimented with Metro and Marc, ultimately it was faster, easier and cheaper to drive, including high price of gas and renting a parking spot.   That cemented Metro as a failure in my mind.   




  The IRS holds on to it for me.   




 I'm not too big to admit OP got me.  




   GreaterGreaterWashington

Ok, I had to see the whole context to see you were recommending a website ;)  Thanks, I'll check it out !  




 Excellent... I can now justify more shoes... the wife will be so pleased 




 quick question, if you rotate through say two pairs of shoes, will each pair last *longer* than twice as long? In other words, do you come out ahead in terms of shoe longevity ?  




 Back in the day wouldn't you put stuff out like this and it would just disappear overnight ... ie you were basically donating it to someone who needed it more than you did ?  




 If someone who tracked the issues passionately wanted to start a more insightful blog/ website I'd contribute a couple dollars a month to it.  Not much, but start multiplying that by many folks and you may have a viable resource.  Perhaps could even kick start it. 

 




 I did a lengthy commute for years, and pretty quickly worked out that it was not only cheaper but actually faster for me to just rent a parking spot at work and drive.  

They built a major  subway system in a major city with no express trains.  The fact that they were more expensive too was just insult on top of injury.   

 




  I really don't  understand how public transit can cost more, while taking longer, than a privately owned vehicle.  




 Right now I think I'd rather have one of those guys as president than any of the choices I suspect we're going to get.   




 [/r/DragonsFuckingCars](http://www.reddit.com/r/dragonsfuckingcars) .  You read that right.  




 that does seem more effective. no convoy of dump trucks to carry away the waste soil needed, and you can probably drop that really, really deep each time.  




 I presume now the miniature rose plant is completely charred ?  




 Is it bad when that happens ?  




 Holy Cow, it looks like a Walmart ! 




 Word up.  If you can't fall asleep in under a minute sleeping on a pile of rocks, than you ain't tired and probably should be carrying the gun or the radio. 




 oh yes, I remember that.  Some schools still do that bullshit; pushing kids into fundraising for them, knowing damn well that it's really just the families paying for whatever crap they're promoting.  

 




 Crackers on sale, buy them by the bloc. 
 




 even after I learned it was brine shrimp, I thought it was pretty amazing that there's an aquatic animal you can ship around as powder, and would have settled for that.  

But that didn't even come through.  I do remember those "Olympic" ads too though, with the "Mr O".  Man, we really let people just scam the hell out of kids back then.  I'm surprised there weren't Joe Camel ads in comics.   




  I ordered some of these and had my first life experience in the realm of false advertising.

Funny, that's exactly what I was thinking.  




 I would, and then I'd out this gym and the manager for not doing anything about it.   




 There's a whole lot of Nope going on with that frog. 




 Just more of everything.   More mom and pop restaurants, more ethnic foods, more cool shops, more mom and pop shops. They have sidewalks, and you can walk anywhere.  Even in between towns.  More of everything there, except lakes.  

We win on lakes, hands down.   It's pretty cool having a beautiful lake in your neighborhood, gotta give Columbia that.  

And we have better highway intersection for sure, but we're still so far north that even with the highway options getting to DC takes forever.  I'm not all that interested in getting to Baltimore. 

And housing here is cheap; you can still get a sfh for mid 3's here. 

 




 What does Lotte mean ?   There's a string of Asian super stores around DC called "Lotte Plaza".   




 Is that a Korean Costco ?  




 /r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy/ 




 So ... pretty good ?  




 You mean but NOT a spreadsheet ? 




 YEP, I'll be having seconds.  




 So, I wonder if there's any resolution for the organization pushing 1099's on folks ?  There is a pretty clear definition of contractor, isn't there?  Isn't there some way of saying "look, these folks aren't contractors, and this tax burden is on you not these folks" 




 I'm not familiar with the specific HBO problem, but generally speaking here's why using IP addresses instead of names can fix things:  

The Internet Protocol doesn't recognize words as computer addresses.  To send traffic to the right places, it wants IP addresses, such as 192.168.1.1, much like your postal carrier can't deliver mail addressed simply to "Reddit" but rather requires a proper street address.    These IPs are difficult for people to remember though (quick, what's the IP address for a popular search engine? a popular web based email app ? a popular internet content aggregator and voting system? ) so the Domain Name Service, or DNS provides a collection of cascading servers taht translates word based names such as Reddit.com into IP addresses such as 198.41.209.137. 

Your computer has to be able to speak to your DNS server though, and that DNS server will have to speak to other servers as well to ask for say new addresses it hasn't heard of before, get changes in addresses, etc.   Sometimes these servers are slow.  Sometimes they are poorly managed and have old addresses.   Sometime they go down, or there are network issues reaching them.   In these cases, you may experience delays in "name resolution" - resolving the hostname to the actual IP address.   Depending on the situation these lags may add up and cause real problems. Sounds like in your case the servers were down completely or just had completely bad records in them or something.  By specifying IP addresses for things instead, you're removing the need to resolve hostnames, thereby removing those lags or blocks.

HTH.  




 I wanted to find a meme of some incredibly cute baby goat throwing you an upvote, but then figured it would never google, so I just typed this out instead.   




 There seems to be little evidence that his grandiose stories are anything more than just that.  




 To think in the 90's we were field testing prototypes all along and never knew it. Of course ours were green, as these new ones are clearly for Black Ops use only.  




  under-appreciated aspects of the city

Random ideas: 
- the Zoo.   
- tour Congress
- visit the Crystal City Underground.  It's a small shopping mall, underground. 
- tour the Pentagon
- Check out chinatown.  It used to be a fascinating place to hangout.  Loads of Mom n Pop chinese restaurants and gift shops selling the coolest most interesting stuff.  Except nowit's a gentrified sports arena area. Genuinely not sure how much actual Chinatown stuff is there, but if other folks say there's still some original stuff there, go check it out.  Used to have an awesome ginormous dragon arch over the street too that was very much worth photographing.

- see a movie at the Uptown
- go see an all-ages show somewhere.  call around. try black cat for instance.
  
- walk/jog the parkway on the weekend when the road is closed.
 




 Seems rather common in gyms though actually.  I think it's for the purposes of appearing more price competitive. 




 Sure, I'll have to go find it then I'll PM you.

Does the cold help by keeping folks indoors, so you get less obstructed views ?  




 If Hanover == Fort then yeah, it's really great.  Great employees, great patrons. All in all best gym experience I've ever had.   Unfortunately, I find myself willing to drive over there less and less and looking for something closer to home.  Really wish there were a PF here. 

I've been thinking about going back to CA recently just due to proximity and because if my family ever decided they wanted to venture back into a gym it's a great place for all of us.  But yeah, they do to much differentiated pricing, and I recall the free weight room always seemed dominated by hordes of kids.  As a rec center though they're great... I mean really, racquetball, pool, hottub, indoor tracking, skating rink... actually I may be selling myself on it again ;) 

If  you want to lift seriously then Colosseum is probably your first and last stop.  I'm guessing there were competitive lifters in there when I took a tour.  Loads of very, very serious looking equipment including strongman stuff like tires and hammers.  




 [ edit: background: i was told to train pullups for an obstacle race. ]

After my main 3 lifts I do cable curls, lat pulls and seated rows.
can I replace those with pullups instead? 

 




 that's really cool !  




 Where do you live ? I have a full time career, but for 15 bucks a pop I'll make a second job of bringing you pizza and smiling.  




 ok, but in fairness, if they really do get a boatload of free equipment, that's a nice help. But I've never considered it good 'publicity' given that reality shows have always played on morbid curiosity.    




 that is a lightning rod. 

Ah, of course.  You definitely wouldn't want to risk a lightning strike up there. 




 publicity you get for being on the show probably help.

Yeah, I don't know.  I suppose it could turn out well for some, but my gut really tells me the publicity of featuring your shop in a soap opera is a short game.  But  who knows....  




 I've spent half my life in Rockville and half in Columbia. I'd say Rockville is way, way more walkable than Howard.    




 This is great !!   




 that's a really good rate for CA. 




 They should have gone the extra mile and just used a Mr Hankey on the sign.  




 "and then we'll place this nasty spiky looking thing ... let's see, where would my head go if I fell over backwards... right. There. " 




 Aside from classes, shows, utube etc I would suggest finding a good cookbook.  Many of them, like Joy of Cooking, aren't just recipes but will also teach technique, selection, prep and many foreign food cookbooks will also even teach the culture and history behind a dish.  

I actually learned alot  from Joy of Cooking.  It's always been my  cooking bible. 




 really need to borrow a tripod 
Are you a Columbia resident ? Which village ? I may be able to help with that.  




 yikes.  sounds like it was being used as transient housing.  




 Man. I'm seeing this way too late, and I'm not a huge board game guy myself, but I think this is pretty awesome to do, Second Chance seems like absolutely the perfect place and crowd for it, and it's definitely kicking things the old school Columbia way.

tl;dr:props. 




 "Pentagon City Mall".  "Pentagon City". "Pentagon".  Think about that.  Not so odd, and unfortunately there's constant issues with whackjobs.   




 if you really want to lift heavy and lift hard check out Coloseum.  Personally I'm a huge fan of PF though.  I belonged to the Y and CA for years and recently checked out several gyms closer to home, still can't beat PF IMO.  True not alot of heavy free weights, and no racks; I just bp, squat and DL on the smith rack and then use the cable machines for other stuff. 

Also, nothing else in the area comes close to PF for cardio gear.  Not just number of pieces but variety as well.  They have like a hangar of equipment.  




 there are many, many different variations of saws, even just among those used for tree work... so by 'normal' I presume you mean a bow saw, pruning saw or other type of manual saw.   i need to chop up a tree, much of which is 12" or greater in diameter.  I'd rather not do that via a manual saw.  But yes, of course, I could.  




 Dan and Matt - from your Farcebook page I know you're watching this thread.   Please give us a way to subscribe to your paper that doesn't require facebook.    I wouldn't mind hardcopy in sleeves and board.  I'm serious.  




 this is pretty much how the Onion started.  Everyone started somewhere.  I remember reading Matt Groening in the back of the City Paper long before he got his big break on the Tracy Ullman show. I have a signed copy of Jeff Kinney's "Igdoof" which he was selling in the Stamp hall at Maryland in the 80's.   




 The section at the bottom is EXACTLY my impression of Baltimore TV news.   




 Of course.  




 Sweet !  I appreciate the advice.   




 Hey, I'm terrified of skateboards (rode one once. Once. Ended up in the ER,lOL) but my daughter wants to skate.  She's had a board for a year or two but never really touched it, but recently her and her friends got some mini's and they're breaking them out alot more frequently,so I want to support and encourage her skating.

Penny brand though).  She needs protective gear - do you think [these helmets]  (http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/family/index.jsp?categoryId=15682616) are decent ?  Are is Zoomiez better ? Or should I check out some Mom and Pop skate shops ?

And is there such a thing as skateboarding lessons, like weekly group lessons, that sort of thing ? 

And last question - we have a coupleparks around here. Is it easier building basic skills on a half pipe versus say the street ?  

thanks !  




 /r/justiceporn 




 Yep, been shopping at Andy's place for years and years.  




 thanks /u/chkenpooka.  i've rented stuff from them in the past too ... was really hoping just to borrow for a few minutes.  I also happily lend tools to my neighbors.  It makes no sense for them to spend money on something they'll use once when I already have it sitting around taking up space. 




 Thanks Paul, they would ... and now they publish their rental rates as well, which is great.  But it would still be around 50 bucks when I really just needed one for a few minutes.

AND, I'm hoping to invigorate this really novel concept of sharing.   




 I too an very well travelled and I can definitely think of plenty of worst places, but I'm maybe 2 years away from bailing on this town and moving back to Montgomery County or, more likely, Va.   If I'm going to have ridiculous congestion, I at least want some amenities for it.  No, getting another fake Italian chain restaurant doesn't count.  Columbia started off as one of the coolest, hippest burbs I'd been, and has rapidly turned into everything that's wrong with the suburbs IMO. 
 




 I had a small tree come down on the fence and I need to get it up out of the neighbors side.  Does anyone have a small gas powered chainsaw I could borrow ? Wouldn't need it for long at all, probably a half hour tops. 

Edit: Hey everyone, I'm pretty aware of all the rental options around.  I'm really hoping to borrow, not rent.  I also readily lend tools to my neighbors.  




 so, the downside being a limited season ;) 




 step 3, learn to set your own anchors and bail on the gym fees 




 Mmm, I grew up in Rockville.  I'm increasingly using the word "sucks" to describe Columbia.  




 I have never understood why someone would put their restaurant/bar/whatever on one of these 'we fix your restaurant/bar/whatever' shows unless they had literally never seen any reality tv show, ever. 

These shows' entire business  model relies on making you look like the worst humans ever.  




 As you said, there's plenty of choices.  I would think about what's important to you first, so you have something to prioritize.  Is it free checking ? A good money market ? Low loan rates ?  Online banking / website  ? 

Then hit google maps and see which ones are convenient to you.  

I would actually compare versus jumping on say the first one available at work.  I've compared rates at my CU to other local popular ones and mine have been better; all  CU's are created equal. But many agree that they're all much better than the "big boy" commercial banks.  




 Yeah, I wouldn't blame the kids, but I definitely would expect better of the parents.  Not so much because it's a war memorial, but rather just because it's so obviously not a play thing.   That's what the triceratops outside Natural History is for.  




 A child born to poverty has a good chance of reaching middle class. Their children could become millionaires.

Personally seen both of these occur.   




 sounds like some sort of over  the heel footear is important, even if your run time suffers.  




 may I ask what you were wearing for lower body during the TM ?  




 i made a word for that. "hillarible".  people actually get it right away. 




 I WOULD GET HIT BY A CAR TO HANG OUT WITH DAVID CROSBY FOR A FEW MINUTES.  ESP IF HE SIGNED MY PROTRUDING FRACTURES. 




 Amen.  




 OMG the bikes in Holland .... don't get caught walking in the wrong place and when you hear the Brrring-Brrrring of Death you better move !  




 Sufficiently advanced incompetency is indistinguishable from malice.  




 Last November my first log shows 15 minutes on a treadmill set to 2.5 mph.  Last Sunday I ran over an hour, 6 miles total distance. Later  in the week I took over a minute off my short/fast pace, and was invited to join an obstacle race team.   




 So ... this is like 5k meets Holi so non-Hindi's can enjoy getting plastered in colors while "racing" ?   Ok, I'm intrigued.  

 




 yeah, i really, really wouldn't judge medical care by online reviews.  Buying a bicycle ? Looking for a good pizza? Sure, but medical care seems a bit ... I don't know... important(?) to judge by online reviews  




 Yeah, our public transport situation here pretty much sucks.  I've never bothered with the local  bus, but I've always been amazed at how Metro doesn't even pass the beltway over on this side. 

You're doing the right thing.  Keep looking for a carpool.  Don't sound at all whiny or  bitchy, just logical. You're like "I'm stuck on public transport, our public transport is shit, who wants a carpooler".  Keep seeking and eventually you will  find.   Good luck.  




 Honestly not sure how one would bike from here to University Blvd though; not due to distance but rather access.  




  2nd Chance Saloon
One of the few OGs left.  I don't go out much, but on the very few occasions I have it's been here. 
 




 Late 911 wears the late crown. 

 




 That parking lot is a travesty that never should have been permitted by the County.  But their mission now is apparently "Expansion, at any cost" 




 Holy cow what a blast from the past.  I lived right around the corner from there way back before the gentrification.  Can't believe Quarry House has been going strong all these years. 




 Hey neighbor, I'm in Wilde Lake too.  If you ever need to borrow a tool hit me up.  You may be surprised how easy it is to fix some things yourself.    




 all building owners

Oh, but this part's my favorite.  It applies to *almost* all building owners with one vivid exemption - government buildings.    




 Hmm. "They don't gotta burn the books they just torrent them".  Nah, just doesn't have the same oopmh.   




 That's exactly what I was going to say.  What if G-d is an OWL ?!?  And we were all made in Owl's vision ?  




 Here Chief

http://imgur.com/9fdDSNZ

I have about ten (running )miles in it so far and am still digging it. It's a perfect super light weight wind blocking layer for this kind of transitional weather. 

Only drawbacks - 

-Fabric is surprisingly water resistant.  As in form a cup with it, and fill it under the sink and the backside won't wet.  However, seams aren't taped... this is a wind shirt, not a wet weather top.  Perfect for fog, drizzle, mist though. 

- Pockets don't zip.  Don't put your phone/mp3 player in them. I just wear a pocket belt thingy instead. The pouch in the back does zip though, but it's in the back.  

At some point I'll have to weigh it.  




 In all seriousness, if someone made that version of the Echo, and made it for like 50 bucks, it would probably oversell the real Echo by 100%.    
























 x-posted to /r/NotTheWire 
 





























 Yeah... I really do like the concept of crowdsourced volume buys though.  I'm sure its made more difficult with "premium" brands that exercise more pricing control.  




 oui, ca 




 I'm actually seeing it as a few bucks more on Amazon but with Prime shipping ,but point taken.  Looking at the discount tiers on Massdrop, their max discount rate, and their  comparison to MSRP (not street) ... Massdrop doesn't seem particularly impressive....at least this offer, perhaps others are.   Novel concept though for sure. 




 Man, I came here to the comments because I couldn't see the offerand didn't want to register just to see it.  And this, the first comment.  Thank you /u/MassdropBot ! 




 I want to start numbering stuff like that here, in USD and see how it flies.  




 uh-huh.  noone ever thinks twice about ole Milton in the basement till the office is on fire. 




 yeah, how bizzare to see someone in a Batman costume at an amusement park.

Oh wait, you meant the girl in the fleur d'elise t-shirt?   




 Tractor chicken 




 It may be time to implement metal detectors at the building doors. 




 Exactly my experience. The vietnamese barbershops around me do actually a better job for 9 bucks (plus 3 tips always) than some of the fancy salons I've gone to.   




 yeah, just figured that one out but thanks for letting everyone else know.   Not sure why they did that ... it doesn't make sense to have the messy detailed interface come up first, and then make you click through (so to speak) for the more simplistic one.  I'll say too that a lot of recent Android "improvements" (realizing that the one we're talking about here is either HTC or ATT, not native Droid) in their UI are just backwards to me for the last couple years 




 No clue,but the default settings panel (with the shortcuts to wifi, bt, brightness etc) is gone now....  




 Nah, it was the initial boot screen that stayed on so long I thought it was bricked. Now that it's updated seems to be running normally.  Some stupid UI changes though, like removing the large settings buttons (ie the easy wifi/bt on off screen) and replacing it with normal settings. That one settings panel was the only good thing in there IMO. 

 




 This.  If you want peace, work for justice in it's broadest sense of the word. 




 "'It kills a lot of business,' he said."

Captain Literal. 




 ok then "fault of "whoever's job it is to realize that since year books were invented high school kids have been doing their best to prank them and someone who knows better needs to double check everything that goes into them."

    




 woke up this morning to an update notification for my att m7.  Turned on wifi, plugged it in, started update.  20 minutes later ... bricked. Or so I thought.  Hit the power button, prompted for encryption pin.  Then went to the HTCOne boot screen and stayed there for like 10 minutes before finally moving to "updating android app x out of x".   

So, could have sworn it was bricked, it's actually just really slow. 




 no smokehead is ever going to denigrate for asking how to start.  OTH, refer to grilling as "barbecue" and you'll likely get corrected.   




 or they could just not give a fuck, which seems the most reasonable  thing to do here. 




 Seems like the publisher's fault, not the kids.  




 nice, i caught that. 




 Your mate's homebuilt smoker appears to have every bit the functionality and quality of my expensive store bought one but with 4 times the personality.

"Dexter my 1 yr old dark passenger".  Got that reference.  Makes me wonder what's going in the smoker th0. 




 You really need to read the label on your chem for that ...I'd add a couple days to a week to be safe. Nothing stinks like putting down a couple hundred bucks of seed only to realize you jinxed yourself.   




 Hi all, 

I'm trying to ID this ground cover... or it may be an actual grass.  When we bought our house this was the entire yard... very nice for "no mow" as it stayed relatively short and they would all grow to a uniform height, but over the years I beat it back.  

Now it's resuring.  I'm half tempted to give it a part of  the yard, but after all these years I still haven't figured out what on earth it is, even with professionals looking at it. I even tried some grass and weed identification sites and still nothing. 

Does anyone have any idea [what this is ?] (http://imgur.com/a/FA02X)

 




 If you use a weed killer you won't be able to seed for a while.  I have 2/3 and acre and while I definitely will use a hose attachment for laying chems across the whole yard, for a small outbreak I'll use a hand carried pump bottle instead, or just a mechanical weeder. The nice thing about just using a mechanical weeder is they're actually pretty darn fast, get rid of the weed right there on the spot, no waiting and watching it all wither and turn brown then black, AND it leaves a nice hole like core aeration that I can then go drop some grass seed into.... most definitely a faster turn around time than when using chemicals. 
 




 I would concur with this.  And then for next year I'd plant some food and cover in a remote area of the yard and hopefully attract them to an out of the way place.  




 I've done anywhere from 1 to 6, kind of depending on what I need to do and how I feel.  I do have a specific goal in mind, but mostly I'm just enjoying running 5 to 10 k at a time.  I"m getting ready to go out now if you want to 




 looks exactly like my bathroom floor.no big deal, chop out the bad areas, block brace and replace.  or just replace the whole floor if  you want.... I did, so I could have a stiffer floor for tiling.  




 If you trust their ratings to be accurate, yes.  I don't.  If it isn't EN rated, I don't trust the numbers, period.  Every manufacturer who doesn't subject to standardized testing has huge variances in their numbers ... even I myself recently spend hundreds of dollars on a (different bag) that was "labelled" 15 degrees and is absoloutely, 100% NOT a 15 degree bag.    

If you're Ok with carrying a 10 pound bag, great.  




 thanks !  




 That's not the best choice you could make.  The limit is only +1C, that's 5 degrees more than you expressed, close enough if you add some layers I suppose.  However, it's probably not using the EU standard ratings; those standard ratings are the only trustable ratings, so the temperatures they present could really mean anything.   The real problem though is that it's 4.6 kilo - that's over 10 pounds...completely unusable for backpacking IMO.   Fine choice if you're driving to a camp site though. 




 I agree with Mr. Slater.  Regardless of who actually hit the shutter release, it's his photo IMO 




 Hmm, if I wanted to hide from the law in Mexico I'd probably do it in a police station.  From what I read in the news those places are pretty empty and isolated.  




 I have some unsettled business to tend to.  In early April there was water galore. ... like literally streams crossing the trail in areas and you could get by with 1 liter just reupping frequently and camelling up at the streams.  What's the water situ like now  ?  Still bountiful ?  




 That's quite cold in my option (-20c ~ -4F) and would require a full on "winter bag".  That's not a problem, but finding one that's packable and light enough for backpacking near 100$ is a challenge.  

I bought a bag for close to 300 that packs quite nicely and have personally used it down to 5 degrees.  Adding base layers and liners I could probably take it to -5 (F) no problem, but it definitely isn't a hundred dollar bag.   




 I experimented with it a few times, as well as with metal plates to distribute heat and help flow the smoke out more.  Ultimately just using the best cut of meat I could find and keeping the heat controlled (as in "stop checking the damn thing" ) produced far better for me.  




 that's some crooked ass shit right there. we need to stop treating crooked cops as administrative mistakes and start treating them like criminals.  




 I've collected a few stamps over the years.  Never once ever thinking they'd be worthy anything, more just because they're so cool.  I mean, they really do put a ton of great design work into those things. 




 For more pointed advice, tell us:

* What the "colder" region is. 
* Time of year going out.
* What purposes - a bag that's perfectly suitable for camping may be inapproriate for walk in camping or backpacking
* Your size.  Yep, different manufacturers make different sizes.
* Your budget 




 The one with a fire extinguisher in it ?  




 I believe it.  DC music has always been a bit known for more conscious music.   




 Yep.  they have staff researchers who do nothing but get smart on specific topics.   IIRC, the gentleman who spins Saturday Night Hot Jazz on WAMU is a staff researcher. 




 Yep, you have to register in Madison for a card first.   There's also a public library on 7th SE.    




 I like rap battles and liked the vid ... wish there were less violent lyrics personally. 




 There's a Library by Congress ;) 




 I suck at biking, but I have a buddy who's really in to it and it's about time I went on a ride with him, I can ping him, that'll make 3.   




 I'm definitely an afternoon/ evening guy although on the weekends I could do mid morning. What I definitely cannot do anymore  is getup at oh dark and PT before work ;)  Actually heading to the gym right now for a treadmill tempo run before lifting. 
 




 ITS BAYSIDE KILL IT, KILL IT NOW
 




 Super slow runner here, always looking for a support network.  I can push 3.7 12's around Centennial, 13s when with a partner (talking) and I've done 6.6 around it before at 15s. Any other turtles out there want to do some long super slow distance together ?  




 Shoot me your mobile and email, next time I go for a hike I'll give you a shout if you like.  If you run I could use a running partner, I'm too slow for my current one.  I'm also in Wild Lake. 




 Patapsco has several bike trails.   I don't ride, but my biking friends tell me their quite good, and the NA Mountain Biking Association maintains additional trails in the area as well.  

 




 thanks! I always intend to try seeds, but it never happens so every couple of years I stumble across seedlings and plant them, but the variety available isn't always my preference.  I would love to have a nice bounty of TAMs that my non heat loving friends  and family could enjoy.  And those Hatch chiles are just the best I've had, would love to have those freshly available. 




 Dang man,  you're really lucky to have real tacos available as fast food.  We have taco bell here in Maryland.  Fortunately though actual mexican food seems to be growing in popularity so there are couple sit down restaurants that have good stuff ... but man that place looks fantastic !  




 I'm completely confused.  It looks like actual mexican food, but it also looks like fast food.   I'm also really hungry now. Where is that ? 




 Yep, special.   What country ? 




 Thanks ! I hadn't found them in my googling.  The seedlings were nice and healthy on arrival ?    




 Your personality made this really fun to watch. 




 Title says it all ... I'm not up to growing from seed but if there are any TAM Jalapenos or Hatch seedlings available in Maryland I would really appreciate knowing where. 




 Just bought a bunch of beautiful little seedlings that are ready for larger homes.  2x thai's (likely numex twi's) , 2x fish, and 4x jalapeno's. 

I may just put the thai's in containers so I can move them around for maximum ornamental effect, as I've grown them before years ago and remember them as simply being too hot to cook with.   That would also make more room for the jalapeno's to grow out and yield.   Fish peppers I have no experience with though they seem as if they may make better ornamentals than eating peppers.   

I have a relatively small bed prepared alongside the house, and I can't figure out what the full height of the mature plants would be so I can plant them in order of height. 

So if you had these seedlings, how would you plant them ?  




 Wow, after seeing that I really want to hear you say "fuck you guys".  I bet you make it eloquent.  




 So am I the only person marvelling that they used a real life story for the ad ?  




 well said.  




 I see your point now ... it isn't exactly a discussion based post, but it's still a community oriented based post.  There are some things  I would put on CL before here, but if I wanted something for MY community, not the greater Balto region, then it would go here.  Personally, I'd rather keep things in my neighborhood first, my town second before resorting to all of Balto, so if I was looking for a cleaner and I could find the right cleaner for me locally first I would.  Dunno if that makes sense or not. 




 Second vouch for Colosseum.   It's definitely pricey compared to economy gyms like Fitness 19 and PF, but if you want to lift and lift right it's the place.  I'd been powerlifting for several months and spent just one hour with one of their trainers (they have zillions) and learned a ton. Didnt know about  the groupon thing, wish I'd known about that...  




 hey thanks - unfortunately i'll be away but please remind me next time!  




 But...  but I thought Casino's were the epicenter of morality and responsibility and would only attract wealthy out of state citizens looking for mildly exciting entertaining while donating to our state Education funds.    




 yeah I gotcha  




  Bier Baron

Thank you! Is this basically BrickSkeller part deux ? Location seems the same, menu instantly reminded me of it, even the model of "over 600 beers". 

 




 hey thanks I was using the wrong key. stupid me. they sent two keys (one right, one wrong) and the wrong one fits just enough to seem like it's the right one not fitting.   if that makes sense.

 




 That's actually not bad if they were truly jumbos.  I've paid more than that for mediums that were called large :(   

I need to get a  john boat and get back out there myself....  




 Hi all, I bought some winters on new wheels as a complete combo online, and my mechanic mounted them. Invoice says they are  [montegi 128] (https://www.google.com/search?q=motegi+mr+128), with locking lubs that look like [this]  (http://www.amazon.com/Spline-Drive-Small-Diameter-12x1-75/dp/B008RCINW0/).

Thing is, with the key provided I can't get them off.  There simply isn't enough clearance between the lugnut and the wheel to fully seat the socket key, so it's rounding instead.  I honestly can't figure out how the shop got them on in the first place.  Could it be their key has a slimmer wall and fits better ?  Or maybe it's just one of those things where putting them on requires a lot less torque than getting them off ? 

When I looked up the wheel and googled it, every picture shows lug nuts with internal threads.  Never seen that before, but it would explain why there isn't clearance for a socket.  I don't like locking lug nuts either ; don't live in a region where having my tires stolen is likely, and it's alot more likely to just present big problems with changing a flat than anything else.   I have special stripped socket removers that will probably get these off, but at the cost of destroying them... is it possible to replace them with normal nuts if I just go ahead and replace the lug bolts as well?   Thanks


 




 Hey fellas is the Brickskeller still considered the bomb ?   




 tl;dr. 




 You obviously haven't dealt with the Md comptroller's office.  "Competent" isn't a word I would use to describe them.   




  out sourced, practice crab 

Added to lexicon !! ;) 




 mine does at least. they have the ON *isolate* which is the best I've found so far in terms of having very few extraneous calories.  




 I'm mostly playing, but seriously over here they cut down trees along the Parkway to make room for condos.  Traffic is pretty fricking horrible around the clock now, and the beaches are so damn crowded.... 




 I prefer to run and / or workout after work, so that I don't have a deadline and can take as long as I want.  




 I did a couple days backpacking over the break so when I finally came down out of the mountains I ate three breakfasts at once.  The waitress couldn't believe it.  But 3 days on mountain house and beef jerky .... believe it. 




 i also get my ON at Costco.  Don't remember the exact price, but remember than when I checked the price and checked  the quality of the ON (I get the isolate) it was a no brainer.  




 If you went from the couch to a 3 mile run than having flat feet probably has nothing to do with it; that's just plain ole "too much too soon". 

If  you want to start running, I definitely encourage you to :  

a) go to /r/running specifically and start learning more, 

b) go to a Running store - not a sports store, not a shoe store, but a running store to get fitted with the proper shoes for your foot and gait.   The right shoes makes a big difference.  

c) start  it very slow and build gains gradually avoiding injury along the way. 




 and don't forget to account for paying the man.  




 bears or bubbas ? 




 /r/ANormalDayInRussia 




 highways surrounded by trees. 
heavily urbanized area to the countryside in just 25 minutes
pristine beaches

Oh, so you left in ..... the 80's ? 

 




 I've been on long hikes where I start singing to myself.  After a point, I just need to hear music.  If I can't hear music, than I'll make music to hear.  




 yep, I hear ya.  It's kind of a "takes a ccw to spot a ccw" type bag.  




 Yeah, you know yesterday while playing around with relatives (food still cooking ? Lets make fire !) my daughter suggested I take a pencil sharpener to make shavings from sticks.  Pretty ingenious idea actually. 




 Its also pretty simple to light a lighter.

Lighters are definitely convenient, but I've definitely had them fail on me, fortunately not when I depended on them. So now I carry a light for convenience and speed, but also carry a mag/ferro and a couple wet cubers.    I see it as one is quick and easy, the other slower and a bit more of a pain but guaranteed. 




 this seams pretty reasonable.  Even though I backpack with a propane stove, I make a point of having two additional fires on me, one of which is a mag/ferro bar and some wetfire cubes.  If you can't start a fire with those damn things, you just can't start a fire.   




 yeah, good point, hadn't though of that... last time I carried a sidearm it was in a thigh holster, not exactly park friendly ;)  




 You wouldn't believe how much beef jerky, pepperoni, salami and pouches  of tuna are to be found on the AT.  That's all I ate for an entire 12 mile day. 




 Not to burst your ccw bubble but if  I were passing you on the trail, I'd immediately ask you what you were carrying ;) they scream 'carry pouch'.

they do look useful for "body storage separate from a pack" as you said though. 
 




 Just take all your stuff, and put it in a runner's pocket belt. The pockets stretch like pythons to swallow up more gear than they look like they would, and they're surprisingly comfortable to wear, and you can wear them next to skin 24/7 and put anything else you want (parka, clothes) on top of it so it's always with you.

Honestly though in your scenario, without more details (ie it's 40 degrees and getting colder, or you're 3 days from nearest town) than I'd just camel up on the river water, hoard the snickers, and start hoofing. 

You should always know where you are when hiking as well, and know your bailout.  In other words, at any point you should be able to lose your map and compass and generally know the bailout route.  It's not as hard as it sounds - it's often as simple as "that draw takes me to hardball." You don't have to remember specific trails, distances, etc, just "in an emergency, if I remember nothing other than go down that draw or hike up that spur it will get me to hardball and then i can move fast or flag someone down".  

You'd be surprised how many miles you can log in a day on minimal food, especially if you carry calorie tanks around your belly.  Snickers is very dense too.  Seriously.  I've done all-day strenuous hikes with a light pack on no food at all, but I have plenty of calorie reserves.

If the idea of drinking river water au naturelle doesn't appeal to you, and the area isn't abundant with springs (many of which I'd have no problem at all drinking from straight in a pinch) than carry a 25 dollar sawyer mini in your pocket. 

Fishing kit ... LoL.  If you're ever in an area so remote that hunkering down and FISHING becomes your best survival option than I would hope that emergency step 1 would be to activate the beacon, step 2 would be try to locate satphone.   




 Funny what you noted about tent footprints.  I just got a new small tent and elected to pass on the footprint, since I intentionally paid alot of money for a very light weight tent. While on the AT I find a lovely campground to bed down for in the night and ... like so many campgrounds here in Maryland ... the sites are all gravel.  

Since I hope to bring my dog into this new tent, a foot print would  help there as well....in this case going INSIDE it to help prevent her claws from piercing the gossamer floor. 

I think one good thing about these lists however is that they get people thinking more about what they do and don't need, and thinking about the different angles to gear and hopefully helps them rethink conventional wisdom.   




 Also forgot, Bertha's in Fells Point.  Feels like for decades you'd see those Eat Bertha's Muscles bumperstickers *everywhere* 




 And if we're just including great places that aren't necessarily a "maryland unique" thing ... Ethel and Ramones is one of the best restaurants I've enjoyed in the entire Washington Baltimore region.  Cajun and Creole, all presented by a chef owner steep in one of the most famous New Orleans restaurants.   It's on my short list of favorite restaurants in the region, for sure. 




 Yep, pretty sure they're using pasteurized, forgot about that.  




 Yep, all depends on where you live/hike.   




 this is true. I do enjoy elevating my feet on my ruck at night though.  




  3 season tents during winter in the White Mountains
My understanding of the Whites is that 3 of your seasons *are* winter.

 




 INTERESTING.  It looks like someone decided to build a better mousetrap.  I like the large dump pouch on top, perfect for say ditching the hat/sunglasses temporarily.   I'm a little curious about these lines though: 

water-resistant/breathable soft-shell fabric  /  100% waterproof fully-taped seams throughout 

One of the benefits of a poncho is that it's a simple, single large sheet that shouldn't need taping.  This one also weighs 2.5 pounds, so I'd say it's probably best for non backpacking use. 
 




 Oh, there is.  LoL. 




 I have scolios and thoratic kyfosis. Years of pain, serious posture problems and occasional chiropracty. Bad posture to the point where people would say stuff about it.  

Over the last several months I've made a big transformation.  Of all of it, I would say honestly that the biggest impact on my posture has been the yoga, deadlifts, and rows. Can't say enough good stuff about doing deadlifts.  




 I really want to find the right one. I have a couple nice PVC ones purchased on the cheap years ago, but they're too small for a pack.  For me the key is finding one large enough to go full hunchback of Notre Dame with.  I mail just mail order a military one... they're just so useful.  I can't tell you how many nights I've spent just under a poncho hooch.  




 Charm City Cakes, actually got themselves a reality show and product line in major grocery stores. 

Boh hasn't been a Maryland brand in 20 years which fascinates me especially since I've seen young folks (in their 20's) with Mr Boh tattoos.  

I would agree on G M although I'd say the other side of that crabcake debate is Timbuktu. 

 




 Irocinally despite their plastering the Maryland flag on every square inch of anything they can, they're also quite proud of being the single largest importer of the asian blue  *swimming* crab.  

 
























 it's called a peacock, and it's for draining the line after shutting off the water.  Grab a wrench, close the valve, then tighten the cap.   If you need a replacement cap they should sell them at the hardware store.   




 the cost difference between buying prepared food and actual food is *tremendous*.   Especially if you can piggyback someone's membership to Costco or something like that.  Even junk food like hotdogs is many, many times cheaper.  Good luck !  




 yeah, this OP.  For the price of a quarter pounder, slurpee and a jamaican beef patty you could probably get a couple *pounds* of fresh produce. 

also check out /r/frugal.  




 Dunno about AU but in the US, there are options for "100% financing".  IIRC however you'll pay a higher rate in addition to paying mortgage insurance (which is just completely wasted money).  

Go poke around /r/mortgages a bit .... 

 




 back in my day, you'd grab the family lawn mower and start cruising the neighborhood looking for long grass.  Or grab the rake and look for leaves. 

These days, seems the equivalent is to put something like "college student looking for small labor gigs, 15$/hr" on Craigslist.  




  agents are little more than gatekeepers to MLS data. 

This was precisely my experience when I bought my house.  The actual humans were useless.
 




 First thing I would do is get a second opinion on the car. 

 




 SIESTA 




 From a PF perspective all I can see is "should I keep the money pit I have or buy a new money pit" .... but without supporting details this q sounds better for a used car sub than for PF. 




 It's impressive you've saved up 700 bucks on that low of an income, but I think you need more savings.  You're just a car repair or two from being broke and in debt. 

Definitely do whatever you need to do to reduce fees. Fees, interest, stuff like that are just a waste of money.  

Your rent is more than half your monthly income ... may want to consider trying to reduce that some.  









 They're pretty awesome, just be sure to start off no bar (seriously) then bar alone.  Definitely don't just stack 'em up and straight leg it;  




 /r/jobs/ 




 great deal your sister letting you borrow her car.  

* you have 5 bills, need another to get the existing hooptie fixed.  
* 5 bills won't get you a new car
* Sounds like you really truly can't get a car loan. 

So Seriously, I'd consider plasma donation, day labor on an off day or any other sort of "I'm in a bind, I need 100 bucks and I need it now" type of thing.  

* fix the hooptie with the 600 bucks. 
* buy it a nice dinner, talk to it in a soothing calm voice. 
* give it reassuring pats on the hood every day
* hope like hell that bitch don't break down again. 
* stop the concerts and beer. 
* save 800 a month or close to it. 
* cut grass, do whatever to save up another couple bills a month.  Seriously, go into super overdrive workaholic mode. 
* ten months from now - w00t, 8k saved up. 
* buy better car. 
* keep saving 800 a month. 
* didn't even have to ho. 
 




 well, with 950 rent and 600 expenses, you should probably still save at least 600 a month, leaving you an extra 850 a month.  That will get you pretty much any car you want, but i still you should check out slightly older wheels.  Remember too that you'll probably end up spending more money in expenses while living on your own, in a new city with new found personal freedoms.  And being so young your income isn't guaranteed (noone's is sadly)... so I'd say more like save 1000 a month, which will still leave you 450 a month for the car...that's probably around 15-18k.   Still more than I paid, and I make many multiples of what you do, but I have a family to support, college to save for, and you don't ... get yourself a 15-18k used Subie, get some good snow tires and have a blast.  




 yeah bro I dunno ... it's a bind for sure.  How are you getting to work now while the car's in the shop ? 

I'd say give up on that car .... it's just the gift that keeps on giving ... to your mechanic. 

Got any friends you can lean on ? Looked into carpooling ? If you can just get by for 5 months or so you'll have enough cash saved up for a better bucket.  




 Are you currently paying rent, or is the 800 just food, gas, entertainment etc that would have to be added to the 800 rent ? 

Also, why a 2013 or 2014 ? a 2014 is barely used and won't be discounted much.  I bought a 5 year old AWD for only 13k that was super clean, has been super reliable...  




 What are your monthly expenses ? Age and financial goals ?  




 What time frame ?   




 Define "afford".    




 Props for buying a used car and literally driving it until the wheels fall off ! 

Can you get to work on transit now ? 
What's the $600 estimate for ? Take it over to a car / mechanic sub and get it checked out over there. 

Are you really able to save 800 bucks a month ? (You say you spend 1,200 out of 2k a month).   

Loans: Yeah, "car loans bad credit" googles but they look a bit questionable to me.  Have you checked your credit rating recently to learn how bad your credit actually is or isn't ? Also, Credit Unions typically have lower interest rates than commercial banks... with bad credit you'd get a higher rate still, but getting one from a CU may take a bit of the sting off it. 

 




 I don't have hardware, but I do have scolios and thoratic kyphosis, and deadlifting has helped my back tremendously.  I am a new lifter, and only dl 35 pounds a side plus the 45 pound bar.  I recently transitioned to "normal" dl's but was doing straight-leg ones which hit my legs and lower back harder.  I may go back to them, because they felt like they helped me stand up straighter than the normal ones do.  Good luck !  




 As soon as I read "$100" and "trailer park" I swore a robbery was next. 




 which complex ?  




 Also, I miss bookstores damnit.  I buy stuff from Amazon all the time, but have rarely bought books from them.  I miss the smell of paper, the feel of it, covers, bindings.  I miss sitting in small little pockets of intellectualism, of research, or just of drawings or biographies and exploring, selecting, carefully choosing which new one to bring home as if they were puppies. 

 I really do miss bookstores.  




 The world in general just had a lot more mystique to it... information, photos, communication wasn't instantaneous and global and hearing of what was going on in far away lands, or seeing photos of exotic locales (such as in Nat Geo) was awe inspiring at times.  Now the world gets the same news instantaneously, photographs, videos, around the world are instantly shared and available.  

It's really taken a bit of something away from it all for me personally, a bit like learning how magicians do their tricks.   




 It is ... they probably thought they were dodging laws doing that. 




 Biting your fingernails would be really, really painful.  




 Beat me to it.  Ha ! *beat*  




 Bet they smell pretty similar though .. and guess which one cost 100 dollars and which one cost 10. 




 Your Mother worked with [Chef] (http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/753/192/b72.jpg) ?!? 
 




 Hmm, good point about the bleeder.  There isn't one on the shutoff itself, but there may be one on the step down regulator.   




 Hmm, good question. I have no idea where the actual meter is, but the shutoff is right before the step down regulator.  




 the hose bib does have anchor holes, but the mortar joints are pretty soft... definitely don't want to try to anchor it.  Tried elsewhere on the house, didn't work so well.  




 I lost it at 0:01 




 Hi everyone, 

[This is my main flower/ornamental bed that I want to irrigate.](http://i.imgur.com/YO01nZq.jpg)

  There's no real defined plant areas ... not like say a row of veggies where you can put a dripper right by the plant.   Instead we have a huge mix of everything you can think of, with plenty of bulb flower underplanted as well. 

Should I try to cover all this with emitters, or would I be better off using something that distributes water further like a tape or some of the mini sprinklers ? I do plan (hope ? ) to use 1/2 and 1/4 poly and not implement a full on old-school sprinkler system. 

thanks again everyone !!  




 The dichotomy here amazes me.   Poor people who are so well versed in jungle survival the dude can reck a giant ass snake with his bare hands while wearing a rag around his waste, yet someone had a fricking digital camera and knew to upload it to LiveLeaks. 




 Yep, Bitch here too.  Bitch makes me curse, hate the Bitch but I always gotta run the Bitch.  




 The only thing I've ever really missed on a long trip is prescription medicine, particularly if going overseas.  Pretty much anything else you can buy locally.  




 Yeah, I guess ... Spotify can also recommend and you can browse various collections, but you aren't restricted to only that.  




 yeah I believe it :(  especially as this whole area gets denser.  




 Don't know, I'd presume standard firefighter stuff.   Saw the exact same thing while waiting on my flight a few weeks ago.  Noticed one person staring out the window, I looked, wet myself, called the wife letting her know my plane was going to be very, very late.  Then next thing you know an announcer on the PA told us what was going on. 

 




 Hmm, looks like the BWI Fire Department training building's weekly burn test.  Always shocking.  




 Pandora let's me explicitly pick and choose what I want to play ? I thought all it does is let me build a "channel" of stuff *related* to what I originally asked for.  




 can't use a sharkbite because it's going to a bibcock (garden spigot) which will spin around when you try to use it (been there, tried that on a different one last year). 

when the whole-house shutoff is closed it leaks just enough water to keep the pipe full with slowly rising water.  Definitely had to keep a bowl under it while "repairing" it the first time, and definitely had to dough it.   

 




 it may be an anomaly in the reporting.  I saw the same shark tracking a short while ago that had it in the Assateague area bayside.  




 shit, 34 a dozen would be AWESOME.  I think I was paying like 60 something for enemic "larges" at Nicks' last year.   Pretty much had me daydreaming about a john boat again....  




 that's just Liberty.  And Triadelphia gives you a card, not a sticker.  You can buy a day pass or seaon passes.  the season passes shot up astronomically a couple years ago though. 

Beware too that pulling a trailer, even just a yak trailer, through a tunnel/bridge will pretty much double your tolls.   




 LoL, 34 a bushel.  I'll take 100 please. 




 Don't know about iTunes Radio, but Spotify lets you search for, and play, exactly what you want.  As in I can search for a specific song or a specific album, select what I want to play, go back to a song, etc.  It's like having MP3's on your iPod.  Haven't looked at Pandora since getting Spotify.  Used recently Pandora at a friends house for the first time in years, couldn't stand it.  




 yeah, I dunno, 95 db is still pretty damn loud, and I'm closer to Merriweather than Centennial.  I wouldn't say it was 95 db... but anyhow.  I wasn't calling BS on /u/Kylearean, I was calling it on the new article.  

But yeah, I noted it was louder than normal but it was EDM and I dug it.   




 Got a slow leak - 1 drop every 2 seconds - from a supply line.   I'd rather not resweat it because our house's main shutoff leaks just enough to keep this line full with water, so I'd have to unsolder a large section to get enough access to shove dough in it. unfortunately there's no faucets between the main supply and this one, so there's always a small amount of water coming up through the pipe unless I dough it. 

can i just throw some epoxy putty on it ? can't tell if that stuff will work on an active leak or if it will only work on dry pipe.  

just feeling lazy, really don't want to have to redo this whole job again for such a super slow leak. well, not lazy, just have a million other things to fix.

it's outside the wall btw, under the sink leading to a bibcock.  

thanks y'all.  









 "Heard" it, sure.  I live in West Running Brook and I heard it too.  And it sounded slightly louder than normal, and I was a bit surprised how late it ran.   But 95 decibals a mile away ? I call BS on that.    




 Talk about trying to win on a technicality.  400 million, over 1,000 rooms in 2 MILLION square feet, but I challenge you to find a single gold plated toilet seat.   No sir, that would be a *platinum* toilet seat, not a gold toilet seat..   




 JUST DRINK THE DAMN THING 




 aw fuck I LoLd. 




 Craigslist ?  




 it's by far the most common injury, in the woods or otherwise. 




 LoL.  Exactly same thing happened to my wife 30 years ago, except it wasn't SnapChat, it was Kodak.  Yeah dude, just laugh it off.  




 /r/mildlyinfurating for not listing the parts in numerical order.  




 BUTTHURT 




 Saved a man's life.  Bleeding out from a severed brachial artery, kept him alive until EMS arrived and helped get the MAST and IV rolling.  No clue who he was, but he definitely would have died on that sidewalk in Silver Spring amidst a gawking crowd if I hadn't been there.  So ... Army Combat Medic training ... it works.  




 Don't know about nutrition, but they're definitely cheaper and much better tasting IMO.    




 Now, if you drink more water AND take two motrins ... shiiiiiiit.   Cure cancer.  




 yep, my app says that basically my last 5k was 34 minutes... just under the 11 minute per mile mark.   So, uhm, I'll just stop talking now ... but seriously, I do routinely run 3.7 (with a serious hill) and I've ran 6 before so I'm getting my distance there ... I'm just slooooow soooooooo slooooowwwww. 




 thanks ! This equipment is all so cheap that buying a bulk of PC emitters won't really change the budget ... so I'll use a kit for most of it, and PC's for the hill.  Appreciate the advice !!  




 Nope, perfectly valid comment, and I'm both a newb lifter AND a newb runner, and my 5k time is only 11s.  So yeah, actually 12 pounds to me is nothing, I already carry so much weight and run so slowly.  




 I disagree.  Certainly having more weight on you will provide a little more resistance, but I hover between 209 and 213 and make constant gains on both my lifting and my runs, and I'm gaining mass in my arms and chest for sure.   I do eat like a cow though, and take a lot of supplemental protein. 

 




 cauterization 




 fucking NSFL that man !!!!  




 Ah, you mean like [this ? ] (http://i.imgur.com/sXLbeag.png).   Of course, that would be brilliant... thank you !  




 thanks for your offer to help.  I uploaded a ricidulously crude Paint drawing [here] (http://i.imgur.com/oSzME1h.png) 




 I've been out for a long time, and sometimes it seems like everything about the Army has changed yet I suspect one thing has stayed the same... if I were back in, my patch would read "Take Two Motrin". 

 




 Hello ! 

I'm planning out a drip system for my yard, and I'm hoping to serve a long flower bed along the fence that's about 100 feet long.  Roughly 50 feet of this is on a steep hill - the hill itself is probably around 20, 25 degrees. 

For the sake of simplicity I was planning on running a single 1/2 "main" from the garden spigot along the entire fence line, then 1/4 legs into the beds from there.  Should I be concerned that the pressure along the hill (and the top of it) may be too low and run a seperate 1/2 just for the hill ?  

Thank you !  




 I betcha they get a whole wave of business of folks buying stuff JUST to try out the same day shipping ;)  




 I would start very vocally complaining about that to not only LaserShip but Amazon as well.  Obviously fast reliable shipping is something Amazon prides themselves on, and I'm sure they wouldn't want to see their new launch tarnished.  




 TIL: Sorbitol is an alcohol.  




 ah-ha a very sage caveat.  From the sounds of it, 'unhydrated' wipes don't really exist though, and you know honestly I was probably counting grams (ounces ? ) before really necessary.   Definitely interested in building an alcy stove though ... while I do remember be amazed first by my whisperlite in the early 90s and then by my canister stove, the canister stove and fuel definitely add bulk and weight that I just don't need based on my recent experiences. 

thanks again for the warning ! 
 




 I Lol'd.  




 They're very frustrating.  However, I remember as a kid having to stand in line at Hecht's for tickets.

Here's a breakdown of [where the money goes] (http://www.wisebread.com/how-much-a-breakdown-of-concert-ticket-prices) and in this post, a commenter also says that [sometimes the talent will sneak additional payments to them into the convenience fees.]  (http://www.quora.com/Why-is-there-usually-an-outrageous-surchage-when-you-purchase-concert-tickets-online).    




 Yep.  









 Man, why didn't I think of that- Drone SKEET - develop all sorts of crazy shotgunning skills. 




 There are some hideous smells in operating rooms, cauterization for one.   That smell stays with you for a very, very long time.  




 Yeah, baby wipes are the best.  I've used them to clean cookware, bathe as you mention, etc.  Been using  them since my earliest days in the infantry.  I took a couple more than you did, in a ziploc like you mentioned along with some stridex pads in a ziploc... one of them leaked a bit, perhaps  it was the stridex.  I guess I'm better off just doublebagging them than trying to find some replacement for them.  




 I only climb a couple times a year, but the action is alot of pullup type moves combined with lots of stepping up into position where you're standing on the toes of just one foot.   So lats, bis, traps, calves.  And then the biggie - the one you'll feel first and foremost that will gas out first and leave you hurtin... forearms.  Huge gripping action that I really doubt anyone would develop outside of climbing ... your forerams will be barking for sure.   


Give it a try, most gyms allow single-day drop in fees without a membership,and you can rent the gear.  

Depending on your goals you may still want to lift separately, and I would definitely do  cardio in addition. 




 this.  I think they tried to hint at a plot somewhere though... I must have blinked.  as a mindless action movie I enjoyed it, but it was every bit about the over-the-top action freakshow that I remember the original ones to be. 




 Searching for a new dishwasher myself, thanks for the details.  How is Maytag at actually drying the dishes ?  This is why I want to replace mine ... no matter how long we leave them in, no matter what we do, they come out wet still ...every single time.  




 avoiding fees as your primary requirement. 

Good point.. upvoting.  




 In my opinion, joining a credit union is one of the most important personal finance decisions you can make.  My credit union offers better rates for cars, mortgage as well as savings and money markets than anything else I've ever found.  It actually even beats other credit unions... I've used commercial banks for a few things over the years, and it always just reminds me of how great my credit union is.  No comparison IMO.  

Also, you never heard of credit unions fucking over entire economies, and I'm pretty sure noone in a credit union is making millions of dollars a year... just something else to consider.    




 Hogan rolled back the bridge and tunnel tolls ? Hooray.  I don't pretend to understand the real economic issues behind it, but watching the B T tolls rise sharply really upset me.  




 I think it's completely fucking bullshit that we have to wait forever for infrastructure improvements while our taxes continue to climb, and then when we finally get an extra lane or two they want to charge fees on it, and worse, the new trend is ezpass only, forcing you to do business with ezpass agencies and dealing with their bullshit fees and bureaucracy.  I think it's REALLY unfair to poor folks too.   









   it's really difficult to build a secure authentication system from scratch.

Except not.  




 Unfucking acceptable. Set it on fire then knock on their door.  














  nailing your dick to a table

Oh, he was airborne !  




 You are correct, which is why this is an earnest question.  I could also keep them packed in my bag while in storage at home without worrying about them drying out and having to repack  them, making packing just that much simpler.  Yes, small details, but ultimately getting lighter is about paying attention to many small weight losses.  




 Actually neither are just alcohol.  Baby wipes definitely aren't, and the active ingredient in strydex (and similar complexion) wipes is a mild acid.   Otherwise I'd totally just use alcohol; I plan on switching to an alcohol stove soon anyhow, so that would be perfect.  




 hah, lol, but nope, it's just grunt talk.  




 Sure enough, I just verified that I can buy stuff and have it shipped same day for orders over  35 dollars.

it's increasingly difficult to justify the expense and poor product selection of brick and mortars.  




 Don't fear the Reaper.   (Seriously,  you had to expect this at some point) 




 that's some fine sweating man.  reminds me of how I spent pretty much every weekend last year ...so glad to have finished that bathroom. 




 Yep, I'm serious here.  I always take acne wipes (like stridex pads) and baby wipes into the field.  Always. Whether as a grunt in exotic locales, or doing an overnight in a state park. 

On my last trip they leaked a bit, and combined they were several ounces.   So, in all seriousness, everyone every heard of baby wipes or acne wipes that come dry as in "just add water" ? 


 




 His name alone has made me laugh since I was 12.  




 heavy and bulky is relative.   I absolutely consider them to be both.  Those fuel canisters certainly weight a good bit, and you cant take along just what you need (unless you have a partially empty canister).  unlike alchol, where you can, say, measure out exactly what you need for two cups o joe.  But then, this isn't /r/ultralight.  




 I did a couple days recently  Brought plenty of mountain houses, and big ole boiler like you're describing.  Used it exactly twice.  Realized the only hot thing I care about when humping is hot coffee in the morning, and I can take my time with that.   When I started off I thought I'd be cooking all these phat meals, having 3, hell maybe 4 meals a day, living it up.  Turns out when I'm humping all day my body really doesn't want to eat, and I ended up eating more no-heat protein (jerky, tuna) than anything else.  Still have to have my morning coffee but I can do that with a really lightweight, small alcohol stove instead. 
 




 Those [survivalist folks] (http://offgridsurvival.com/mres/)   apparently put a lot of consideration into buying MRE's. Personally I'd just buy a few off Amazon and call it a day.  

Your relatives are going to hate you by the way.
 




 NSFL 




 Hmm, 50/50 cotton poly. Not sure how well they would burn, which would be exactly my only use for them.  




  promotion worthiness to deciding if you're going to chaptered out or denied reenlistment. I intend to put in a Warrant Officer packet. In my packet, I have to hand in my last 3 NCOERs.
 
 
 
 Hope that helps. Anyone else feel free to correct anything i may have missed.

What's the karma to promotion points conversion ratio ?  
























 ah yes, looks like a japanese pull saw used in woodworking so often.   




 pallet wood ? that could be treated with all sorts of chemicals.  I'd *hope* he was taking the piss, but then, haggis ;) 

I think the stuff I have no is probably dry enough to give it a go. I do recall that the first thing I ever smoked, even before I had a proper smoker, was a turkey leg on a gas grill, with apple chips and it was delightful.   

thanks!  




 Oh, if you like Indian food I have something for you: get yourself some Tandoori Masala, and make it up the usual way (I use two packets and double the yogurt) but then *inject* it into chicken - I'm a fan of things.  And then *smoke* it.  Yes, injected, smoked, tandoori chicken.  It's to die for.  




 In the States it's called tailgating, and it's typically not well received.  I've heard of people tossing coins out of windows at tailgaters. 

I was taught to continue my own speed, drive the way I want to drive. If you speed up, it may entice them more to tailgate you further.  That said, if you're in the left lane, get out of the left lane.  




 yeah same here, I just check every once in a while and make sure everything is worth more than when I bought it.  As long as it's net positive and I'm not losing money, I'm happy. Can't ask for anything more.  Beyond that, I try to make solid gains, but at the end of the day not losing money counts ;)   




 Investing it like barbecue... just stop looking at it eh, just let it cook.

 




 are you investing or trading ?  




 I would have fileted that bitch and served it with a Goldschlagger sauce.  Just, you know ... 'cause.  




 Oh man, smoked meat going into southwestern food.  If there's a way I could sneak a roux and a curry into that it'd be all my favorite foods into one. 




 on/off "faucet" tap

Bro.  Put a hydrolock on it.  When you want to pour water out (instead of sipping on it) either pull the mouthpiece off, or pull the whole hydrolock out, then put it back in.  Works like a champ, filling pots, washing, dog bowls whatever. 

 




 Sounds  like she's a tenderfoot.  Did she do any regular training before the 30 miles ?   




 yeah, I can't remember the last time I actually screened.  




 oh god yes, you actually have dried wood in the UK? I imagine vast warehouses, labelled "dry stuff" strategically located around the country, just full of random things people would like to keep dry.   




 mmhmmm, especially if he smuggled in a bit of that Courvoisier. 




 yeah, the more I think about it I guess either way would work fine.   




 thanks ! Guess I'll let it dry for a bit first.  




 I'm genuinely surprised foreigners are allowed to buy your houses.  Do they just buy it outright ? Like some guy in Asia browses real estate websites, goes "Wow, fuck, Vancouer is cheap as shit I'm gonna buy a house there and just sit on it for 20 years"  or do they form REITS or some other form of entities that are actually created in your country ?  As in it may be foreign money, but its' actual domestic purchases ?  




 oh man, another great idea ! I did one years ago, a whole salmon from Costco, it was unbelievable. 




 And, I presume, meanwhile fucking over the locals who get priced out of their own communities ?  




 unlocked.  I guess so that when they start swarming in through the air vents you can doing your screaming escape from the vehicle without impediment.  

these bees sound nasty.  




 I like Jefit.  




 Buying a house.  In a few more years the rent at my old apartment will be more than the mortgage of my house.  My house is nice (nothing fancy), big yard, many bedrooms in a very nice neighborhood, my apartment not so much.   So it was tough at first, but soon I'll be paying less than what my rent would be and getting like 2 -3 times as much for it.  




 Right now I have plenty of dead apple and pear in the back yard, as well as a couple cherry trees who one day may donate wood.

I've only ever smoked with dried store bought hickory. 

if I want to smoke with the apple or bear, do I need to wait for it to completely dry or can I smoke with it still green ?  




 actually it *has* been a while since I did chicken or turkey ... and I have some freshly felled pear and apple in the yard ... thanks for the idea !! 




 TRADING ?  Sorry, can't help you there, I don't trade.  I invest. Perhaps not as long term or as shrudely as others, but I hold stuff for months and years.  




 Was the winner crowned the Scythe Lord ?  Ducking off stage now ...  




 don't forget the economics at play either ... the ration of responders to citizens is likely to be higher in the suburbs (whom has less people) as well as the funding (taxes).  




 jeebus ! Are these folks passing out at frat parties or something ?  




 I gave up on the idea of rational investing years ago. I chase performance, even with my funds.  

There, I said it.  Been good to me so far though, say what you will.  




 LoL.  I carried a machete once.  But then, was in jungle.  Was actually super useful.   




 I would actually argue that a software developer would do better at analyzing individual issues than the big level questions here. OP is asking about the high level... this isn't data, it's experience.   Analyzing the issues is much more about the data though IMO.  




 One pro for individual equities is you can get in and out of them alot faster than funds.  So if you're playing around with play money and just want  to do some speculative short time stuff, they're much better IMO.

Buying an individual equity is as safe or as risky as you want it. There are highly rated stocks  that are low risk, low gain or vice versa.  Remember that a fund's risk/growth rating is an aggregate of it's underlying issues.  You'll also save on management fees with individual equities versus funds. 

That said, I don't own any issues anymore.  I used too - consumer goods, tech... companies I knew well, knew their space well as well as their strategies and positioning ... but I moved everything into leveraged funds when the recovery market started taking off and have been doing exceptionally well in them.  




 So ok, here's one vote for doors before floors.  

yeah, flush cutting is a beautiful thing.  I've used long recip blades for it in the past, but if I'm stuck doing this work myself I'm gonna spring for a proper flush saw.  Rent one at least. 

 




 But the requirements clearly stated "variety of colors and sizes".    




 Well, at least I learned they're a lot less greasy on the second day.  And actually cold ribs right from the fridge aren't bad.  




 OP has an Uncle named Mose ?  




 It's just cause the dog knows he can't get away with hitting a chick. 




 You've already rang local quarries asking if they would want to buy it cheap and resell it ?  You'll sometimes find construction goods on Craigslist as well, but that means storing it.  




 Yes. 




 thank you!  




 ;)   




 ain't wrong. 




 thank you! on our first floor we hadto use engineered flooring to go directly over a slab.  For this second floor, we have the option of using solid if we want, or some of the newer innovations like click...any recommendations on which you'd go  with ?  The manufacturer doesn't make the flooring we used on the first level (a very light natural oak color) so it's going to be mismatched either way. 




 The has stated in the past that they don't feel talk like this is appropriate for here because there's a facebook group, except I don't  use Facebook.   Is there a forum somewhere where I can banter about contractors with other locals, and not only discuss quality of work (which sites like Angies list are good for) but also *pricing* (which those sites aren't good for).  I would just like to discuss contractors with folks and experiences and relative pricing so I don't have to get a million estimates for every little job ...I don't know why but picking contractors has always been stressful for me.  I just want to talk to neighbors about who they used for what, how much they charged, how happy they were with the work, etc.   

 




 Which is ok because that entire restroom has NOPE written all over it.   




 plot twist, architect decides entire thing needs refactoring 




 Hello HomeImprovement !  We want to replace a bunch of doors (and the surrounding casing etc)  as well as install hardwood flooring.   Should I have the flooring done before the doors ? Thx !  




 I've smoked countless ribs over the years.  I make my own rub with love, and it's a very popular one, and I go through the usual pains of smoking them.   They're always delicious, but they're just becoming unappealing to  me as I cut back on fat in my diet.  I do lean towards spareribs because they're cheaper and tastier than back ribs IMO.  I still love brisket, but lately I find myself just getting turned off by the fattiness of ribs.

Maybe I need to switch to back ribs, better quality spare ribs, or maybe I'm doing something wrong.  Either way, when the ribs came off the smoker yesterday and we ate, I realized I wasn't enjoying ribs much anymore.  I think I'll buy some brisket and butts for a bit.

Just wanted to get this off my chest.  









 nice. also, shouldn't the size be a property of an object as opposed to a string ? 




 believable.  




 I'm definitely addicted to media and connectivity.   I'd love to lose the phone for a week, but in my case it could very well mean both my house and job are completely falling apart ... so I need at least a smidgen of phone to check in with the family, and in case there's a pressing emergency from work, at least I'll get news of it within a day or two and not  like eons later (hectic work pace, 2 days is an eternity around here).  




 I do ;) Actually doesn't take that much data just to watch one TV show episode. 




 LoL, nice post.  Actually I'm pretty knowleadgeable about firearms, having owned several and spending my 20's in the Infantry.  I just don't see the need for them on the trails around here (Midatlantic area... I see more wildlife in my own yard than on the trails... literally.  sad but true).  




 oh yeah ... 




 I'm in Maryland, and I've found all sorts of shady/lazy/whatever crap on Realtor.com on listings around here.  I don't mean the hyperbole - that's just a reality in sales - but I mean completely junk information.  I remember writing their customer service about it once years ago and they said there wasn't much they could do.  However, IIRC they recently implemented the ability to provide listing-specific feedback.    




 TIL: They have access to Rambo movies in the Middle East.  




  My SO is South Carolinian 

OP knows what's up.  




 And in the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel  - just saw it last night and was thinking "man, I need to talk to my landscaper about that"  




 Ah gotcha, you're driving around for months, during which time you'd like to take a few week long or maybe even 2 week long trips. 

Depending on where you are, you could be perfectly fine just leaving the car very obviously empty and at the trailhead parking.  Or you could visit the local visitor center / Ranger station for the area, and ask if you can long-term park there, particularly if you're living out of your car for the many month's long trip (and thus can't leave  it empty). 
 




 LoL. Having never been to Washington, that's actually my impression of the whole state.  




 I'm going to do my best to translate this: 

"I live in a popular skydiving spot, and one day we heard a scream and found an unattended, unopened main parachute on our roof. We called the cops, they said wait for the skydiving company.  Sure enough they arrived and said something about incomprehensible but we were able to get the gist that the parachutist died. So we LoL'd, and I posted to /r/funny.   Because dead parachutist. Or Not, I'm still not sure.  Also, there was a reed involved." 




 Dem Pants 




 The name merges Chi-town with Iraq -- as if Chicago sinks like the godforsaken Iraq, a hopeless war zone to the world.

Thanks for the explanation CNN. Was having a hell of a time figuring that one out by myself.  




   Gaia GPS

Ah .. I'm a map and compass kiinda guy.  the only time I've ever used a GPS in the woods is to track my timing on a "fast pack" I did, and I used the same app I use to track my runs.  

 




 First 12 seconds were ok.  




 TIL: They have black lights at Line Dancing. 




 yes, that sounds a bit  more plausible. 




 gotcha.  I've actually been thinking about a battery operated mp3 player for a bit now... lol.  Music is a *huge* part of my life and lol, I guess I go a bit stir crazy on the trail.  I've actually sung out loud while hiking just to have some music.  




  High altitudes in the Sierra

Doh! My bad ... yeah, definitely beyond "just the liner" weather !  




 Lived here my whole life.  Can confirm  - can't get away from the stuff.  

Once in a time I even liked it, until it was just getting dumped (and I do mean dumped) on everything.  Took a chance on a local McDonald's promotion - Old Bay Filet of Fish.  Nearly puked. 

It's not bad as crab seasoning, but locals know the only thing worse than a crab cut is a crab cut with Old Bay.    




 IIRC, he's succesfully defended himself against multiple lawsuits, which would easily explain why they wouldn't be taking any legal action against them.  They're doing exactly their only choice - beating him at his own game.  Good for them.   




 yes, yes and yes.  The front looks like my mid-atlantic yard right now ... just all green.  Being in Florida OP has the luxury of being able to easily grow all sorts of incredibly colorful plants that would be considered exotic up here.  I would stage them by height as well as by blooming season and add some color to the place.  No need for plain green shrubbery down there ! 
 




 right, like a welcome distraction.  airplane mode definitely helps preserve the battery.  My phone's battery usage is rather poor though, so I always bring a large external battery pack that will charge it several times over.  To be honest though it's a bit large and heavy so I've been rethinking that bit as I continue to lighten up. 

Audiobooks you could put on a small mp3 player no ?  




 "Let's Interface".  Yep, sure to work wonders, especially in the 80's when everyone knew what "interface" meant.  




 Not easily accomplished, no, but had to be easily detectable.  
I wonder if there was inside help ?  




 I miss boomboxes. 




  Good fertilizer. 

Oy.  




 actually, tweezers are more multi-purpose, but for ticks themselves check out the tick key.  




 damnit. everytime I tell myself "this trend of everyone hiking with guns is ridiculous, I don't need one and never will" someone shares a story like this.  




 many *month* ? Post said "2 weeks".  For a many month trip I would leave the car right at home, and get a ride or transit to the trailhead.    




 true, fair enough, I assumed OP meant to take out with him  




 out of curiosity, how many paperbacks == weight of Kindle ?  




 Oh definitely.  It was a guilty pleasure for sure, at the time better than sneaking a snort of whiskey, or leaving the trail for a nice meal.  Just that one momentary touch of "civilization".  




 If you can't be with the house you love than love the house you're with.  




 Meh, I feel you, but my bigger problem is the number of agents who LITERALLY cannot be bothered to enter the footage at ALL, or who blatantly lie about the footage (4k feet, click picture, it's a tiny rancher) or include garage/basement in footage. 

And don't even get me started on the number of listings without a lot size. 

Or listings that present themselves as SFH's, you keep reading and realize the property doesn't even fucking EXIST.  They used a model picture, and are listing houses to be built on demand as existing properties. 

 




 I should be so lucky as to find a pizza place that actually has anchovies 




 14 mile day on the AT.  Exhausted, pitched my tent, collapsed into it right as the rain started.  Fired up the phone for the evening "I'm still alive" call and realized I had a really, really good cell signal.  And that I didn't have that many miles left, my external battery pack was still fully charged and ... well, next thing you know I'm continuing my Netflix binge from the Appallachian Trail.  

I know I can't be the only one who has done this eh ?  




 Right, sorry about that.   




 I have a Nemo as well as a Big Agnes Q Core.  I'm a huge fan of the ease of use and built in pillow of the Nemo, but it doesn't feel quite as warm as the BA.   I also discovered that Big Agnes bags have odd measurements ... it says they accomodate a 20 inch pad, but the sleeve actually only accomodates a 19ish inch pad, and while the BA pad is supposed to be 20 inches, it's actually just shy of that and happens to fit my BA bag perfectly. 

Both quite light, "20 in", quite comfy.  The BA one packs smaller and lighter.  Neither have the mylar krinkle to them.   Very satisfied with both, but tend to take the BA around with me more as - despite having to puff into it - it's smaller, lighter and fits my shoulder bag. 
 




 You're camping in the Ia Drang Valley ?  




 I'm showing Southwest flights from ATL to Portland as low as 142 depending on timing.  




 "footprints" are most definitely overpriced, but I find them very handy.  When we're going car camping, all of the State park sites are covered in gravel.  Dumbest thing, but I guess they do it for all the folks with campers, RV's, etc.  The footprint helps protect my much more expensive tent floor in that case, and goes underneath it against the gravel. 

For my backpacking tent, then footprint helps protect the *inside* of the tent's floor from my dogs paws. 

Both help with moisture.  No, you don't have to buy theirs, you can easily make your own.  




 Oh it's even better than that here in the Maryland ... every State park I've gone camping in has had shower houses, just like at a gym, outdoor sinks for dish washing, and wells for potable water.   People bring three generations out all the time ..

Downside, camping pads literally put us closer to folks than at our own house ... so I'm not a huge fan of it, but boy it's glampy alright getting a hot shower every morning.  




 Ok, here's your first survival tip ... don't rely on fragile electronics for your survival purposes.  




 Ok, so while /u/maehren is pointing out all the advantages of GPS versus Smartphones, all of which are very legitimate points, I'll go ahead and argue against the need for GPS's at all.   If you're going backpacking in a large system of complex trails or a national forest or going out for several days in unfamiliar territory then and are hopeless with a map and compass than I think a GPS unit would be justifiable.   Just doing day jaunts through some State Parks though .. they are relatively small, typically have maps available at the check in, are relatively populated and thoroughly blazed.  

I almost always have a map on me, but I rarely even have to break out the compass in most cases ... intersections, natural borders, manmade borders, basic terrain features and continuously knowing where I am have gotten me by quite handily for decades. 

The one exception is when I'm fastpacking, and want accurate tracking of my distance and time (at this point I'm basically training, but in the woods) ... I'll bring my phone and use my running application to track my "hike". 
 




 Right, the one you linked is apparently 5cm thick ... and that information was only in the "details", not the main description which I suppose means they aren't exactly going for comfort.  As a thermal break, it's good, but if you're on in years or have any back issues you may be much happier off with a thicker one. 

I use these, and am quite happy with both.  Despite having several back issues, they're quite comfortable for me, do quite well thermally (I've used one to 5 degrees F), and pack quite light and small, even into the smallest of packs. 

http://www.rei.com/product/865695/nemo-cosmo-insulated-air-sleeping-pad

http://www.rei.com/product/846673/big-agnes-q-core-sl-sleeping-pad

I don't know what their availability and pricing would be in the EU, but I'd highly advise seeking similar ones out in shops and trying them out.  I too used a "thin" one (A ThermoRest) for years that provided "just" a thermal break, and suffered for years sleeping outdoors never realizing how well I could have been sleeping.   

Thanks to these new thicker pads I now sleep as well outdoors as I do in my own bed.  




 What's all that clothing for ? Are you going camping or backpacking ? Are those pajamas ?  

Depending on the weather and season BTW you could probably do without the sleeping bag.  Here in the Mid-Atlantic I'd say it's warm enough now to just use a liner and no longer haul the bag.  




 Concur.  That also looks like nylon rope- highly appropriate for marine use, but shite as general purpose cordage IMO.   




  Saying "bear" at the end is especially important if you're with/near other people so that they know what's going on

At first I thought this part was humour, but it actually makes a lot of sense, lest people think there's some sort of domestic dispute occuring in the campground !  




 Are Tomatoes rare in Germany ? Like once they were reserved for Royalty only ?  




 "best wingman ever" [fist bump]  




 hmmm. sounds like a potential IP infringement to me.  




 this is so right. i'm gonna post it on my FB.   J/K. 




 I find that consuming a high dose of protein right after my workout (like within 30 minutes) does quite a bit to prevent doms.  




 Amazon: $36.95+ $2.99 shipping.  This Massdrop seems like a pretty good deal relatively speaking.   




 Masterful formatting.  I can barely figure out how to do bullet points.   




 my old gym had the knee bench type.  My new one has a standing plate, so you have consistent resistance against it.  I like this new one much more.  It's considerably less awkward to use.  




 shit.  I hover between 209 lbs and 213 lbs, and I'm still doing weight assisted.  BUT, I'm doing 3 clean sets of 5, so there's that.  I have no shame though ... pullups are hard.  




 heh, if she's *anything* like my wife, you better just do whatever the hell she says if you know what's good for you.  You probably aren't working hard enough either ;)  




 In addition to the VA I'd also look for local resources available just as being citizens.  There may well be mental and physical advocacy groups and centres that could be of help.  




 thank you.  




 That's a pretty young vehicle IMO, but I've never spent a lot on vehicles.  I'd still take the question over to a car sub. 

But then, if your wife wants a van, lets face it ... we all already know you're gonna get a van, like it or not. 
 
























 Have I answered all your questions satisfactorily and offered good customer service?  




 OP's Mom. 




 [Subtitles to movies that aren't actually read as part of the movie aren't subtitles they're scripts]  (http://www.imsdb.com/) 




 It looks like my compost turner married a spit roast and had a baby. 




 From what I'm reading California has a Points system like we have here ... these are basically demerits that go on your record in addition to the monetary fees.  If they accumulate too high, worse things happen.  Depending on your insurance, they may only look at the points on your record.   

Sometimes even for a simple speeding ticket by appearing in court you can explain the circumstance, that it's your first ticket, etc and perhaps get the points reduced or removed.  It's extremely doubtful you'll get out of the monetary pentalties though. 

Apparently for CA if you just pay the ticket online than you get hit with the points.  As a young drive you're already starting from a ditch in terms of insurance ... I would find and insurance sub and ask if your insurers looks at anything other than points.  If they only look at points, I'd go to court and try to get the points removed at least. 

You definitely don't need a lawyer. 
 




 By turning yourself in did you get reduced sentencing ? What was it like living before turning yourself in ? Were you paranoid ? Scared ? Making the decision to do your time while your kid  is still a baby seems to make sense. 

Also, this is the single best AMA I've ever read on Reddit.   Ever.   




 SINGLE BEST AMA EVER.    




 Never camped a day in my life in PA, all I know is my wife is from there and she's been bugging me to take her camping at Rickett's Glenn. 




 If it's really just a matter of needing a short sternum strap, I'd consider taking it to your local cleaner/taylor and ask them if they could cut it, shorten it, and then restitch the bar stitching that holds it onto the buckles.

 




 Don't know what your normal diet  is, but I don't see a huge amount of protein in there.  I'd have to eat the whole bag of nuts on day 1 just to get my daily protein ... food for though, perhaps a packet of tuna or some jerky may be good as well.  




 Hey man, having fun leaving Penn-Mar park, I'm jealous.  




 I have a buddy who's never spent the night outdoors and he's working up the courage.  We've agreed to start with car camping, let him ease into it, and then hopefully by fall he'll be backpacking with the rest of us.  I figured I'd take him to any of the nearby State parks; with the showers and potable water on demand plus other activites it seems like a great starter. 

In our State  parks they put you on defined sites that are really gravel pads, about 10 feet away from the next site.  I've only ever car camped on multi-family trips, where we all had sites side by side and even if multiple groups split out playing, hiking whatever there was a group behind to watch over things. 

In this case with just the two of us, if we want to go for a hike think it's ok to leave the gear out, or should we pack it up into the car ?  Or perhaps pack up only stuff that's easy to take (like the stove, cookware, etc) and leave the tent standing ? 
 




 I would call those backpacking tents, where you're really paying for reduced weight and pack size as much as anything else.  If  you're only car camping, and particularly if you're just getting started, you may want to consider a cheaper tent like Eureka.  They'll be roomier, but  bulkier and heavier (as in not recommended necessarily for backpacking) and they'll last forever.   Many of us have 20-30 year old Eurekas that are still holding up fine.   

For waterproofness, the big thing to look at is the fly design; make sure it comes down nice and far and has plenty of lashing points - you want to tension it out away from the main tent walls so they don't touch.   Also consider a footprint or a tarp to go under the main tent floor, particularly if  you'll be in state parks where you may end up setting up on gravel.   If you use a tarp, keep it slightly smaller than the tent's floorprint - you don't want the tarp to stick out past the tent collecting water and funnelling it below you.  

 




 All dialogue takes place over text and Snapchat.  

Late night watching no longer means having to turn the TV down low, and closed captioning is now self-fulfilling.  




 My idea of a great father's day is pretty cheap... I get to chill while someone else cuts the grass, someone else makes  some killer burgers on the grill while I'm sipping pina colada's in the hammock. 

If you're asking for your own Dad, and not for yourself/SO, consider something like that .... consider taking a look at the routine work he has to do and just taking some of that off his hands, followed by like a nice sirloin on the grill and a nice beer or something to that effect.   It's the thought that counts after all ... I would appreciate that a lot more than a brunch.  




 Wow, Will Ferrel looked really young in that video.  




 They're locust, which are pretty vengeful trees.  Can't even tell you what chopping the wood was like ...  




 Brilliant undercover operation executed, and the title is "officer  smoked pot".  Well, at least the US isn't alone in crappy news.  




 Was that .... was that an ... elephant ? I may have PTSD now.  




 Tell you what, it'd be a hell of a lot easier to get a taxi in Hoboken ! 




 Yes, it does.  Like someone reached into a running carrot juicer. 




 good luck buddy. i bought mine used and made a point of doing a radiator gas test right away while it was still under the 30 day warranty.  I do not look  forward to having to do that job... in fact I don't think I could do it myself, I'll probably have to pay. 




 and heavily defended.  mines, tripwires, sharks, stuff like that, just in case anyone's reading and was thinking of heading up there.  




 hey thx  




 yeah, i know what you mean.  you want to live like it's 1964 again.  I dig.  Like I said, google hobo, vagabond, hitchhiking.   




 I can't allow this. 




 head gasket ?  




 Purely in terms of getting a check, being fired is better. May help with medical benefits as well.  But I can understand someone preferring to quit.  Reality though is she didn't really quit, she was quitted. 




 Check.  OP wants to crawl into the woods and die.  Best luck, make sure you leave the movie rights to your family.  




 That lamp post sure has a set of balls.  




 /r/vegetarian ?  




 yeah ...I'll pass on that one.  You guys are a lot more used to organ meat than we are.   




 Real life story - cleaning out the shed, found my old rucksack and A bag. Dig through said rucksack, found a sandbag. Had to be 23 years old at least.  Still terrified me.  I threw that fucker out. Cause sandbags.  
 




 [VEVRAA] (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/Resources.htm).  Yes, sounds like it means Tetra Tech bumps Vets up their list or at least has some of metric on it they have to hit. 




 With or without CLP ?!? 




 Actually I had blood sausage on a trip years ago, really enjoyed it. Even after the Irishman across the table told me what it was.  




 Backpacking *is* travelling with no money, but with an emphasis on hiking long distances in nature as a form of outdoor recreation.  If you're talking about travelling betweens towns, site seeing for little to no money, taking on jobs along the way etc than it sounds like you should google "Vagabond" "hobo" or "tramp" "hostels" "student travel" and terms more like that.  




 Hmm, actually I'm glad you mentioned "Shelving". All the closets in this house had strips of MDF along the walls as brackets.  Not particularly nice nor adjustable.  A few of them I replaced over the years with stained hardwood in which I routed nice edges ... perhaps if I upgraded the actual shelfing in it that would make it more useful to her.   




 
Sorry, the intent wasn't to move the entertainment center up there to use it as an entertainment center.  She wants to use it as the  new linen cabinet, placing it in the same space as the linen closet. 

I realize there's painting, drywalling etc involved.  I've done some pretty large scale work in the house (like completely rebuilding the master bath from the joists up) and I'm not afraid of this tiny job.  

I'm really more concerned over whether it's the right move - ripping out a built in feature of the house that seems to work perfectly well only to replace it with an entertainment center.  This could be received as "cool, nice design touch" or as "what the hell, you ripped out your linen closet ? " I'm definitely in the second camp, but don't want to assume anything so was hoping for more opinions on it. thanks !  




 Now that we know you're both a Gamer *and* A Professional Wrestler : 

Have you ever been tempted to just blindly charge into the ring shouting "Leeeeeeeroooooooooy Paaattttteerrrsonnnnn" ? 

Sorry, I couldn't resist. 




 oh cool you're technical and geeky too.   so how did you get into all the crazy physical stuff ? Is it like a stress relief for you or a way to break the monotony ?  

And ... looks like you've taken some pretty serious hits ... how's your health (physical) ?  




 Thank you for answering.  It seems  like a lot of AMA'ers dodge some of the more interesting questions. 

25k is definitely a nice bonus, and even if you don't win I'm guessing you're having a blast doing this, travelling around and the attention is likely enjoyable. 

Can you share what your day job is ?  




 What does the Hog say ? PHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT 




 I'm going to guess Mushrooms.  




 Hello, we live in a very small 60's house with really very limited storage.   The wife would like to rip out [this linen closet at the top of the stairs] (http://i.imgur.com/BJGilwW.jpg)  and replace it with [this entertainment cabinet] (http://i.imgur.com/XH6D8wG.jpg).  

The Space:  The door to the left  of the linen cabinet is the smallest bedroom which we use as an office.  To the right is a full bathroom.  I'm standing in the hallway that provides access to the other 3 bedrooms to take this photo.  

Do you think this would be a wise decision, or are we best off keeping the linen closet that came with the house ?  Thanks
 




  why do you recommend staying single?

LoL.  You'll figure it out right about ten years into  marriage ;) 




 What this dude said.

You likely don't have have tax problems ... while you're making great money for a kid it's not huge in the overall scheme of things and not like you need to worry about AMT or shelters, income from other sources and other complex scenarios.   

Working at home you may qualify for home office deductions perhaps ... go ask about that in a tax sub.  

But the most important thing is to figure out what you should look like financially; debt free, emergency savings, large retirement contributions, savings towards goals, etc.   Make sure you're saving correctly.  Don't be the dude who make great money and puts it all into a BMW. 

And stay single.   

 




 I attended Self Destruction School too.  Of course, it's a lot easier now than it was back then.   




 I'd be surprised if the team that runs the website couldn't also get the IP address of the fake orders. If they're being *really* dumb, like using the computer at work for it, problem solved.   




 there's a good chance he's mentally ill and needs help.  perhaps seek out local resources better equipped to help him.  




 Take an extra coffee with my lunch and create a black market for those vouchers...  




 I heard there's this awesome linguistics school in Monterey.   




 As a shop owner you have a responsibility to keep your store free of nuisance people, but I can understand how as a human you'd want a nice way of going about it.   One idea is to look for local resources in your area, so that when you approach the person you're not just turning them away from your store, but pushing them towards something better. 

If the shop owner doesn't mind hiim coming around, but just doesn't want him harassing customers, than something else you could also consider is telling the person to only come by at closing.  Something to the effect of "look man, we realize you're having a rough go and we'd like to help, but you can't harass the customers.  We know you need a restroom like anyone else, and you like doughnuts ... if you can keep yourself from hitting up the customers you're welcome to come by at closing time, use the latrine and grab a doughnut.  But I'm sure you understand that people don't want to be panhandled while shopping.  We want to help you out, but we can't do that if we have to close our shop because noone wants to shop here anymore.". 

In other words, you can still take the high road while asking him to move along.  Of course, if that doesn't work there are absolutely trespass laws that your police will enforce.  Or just find someone to manup and tell hiim straight "look bro, can't come in anymore, customers been complaining".  May have to do it a couple times a row, but eventually he'll get the message... but someone has to man up to it first. 
 




 Awesome ones I made the other night: 
Giant package of ground breef, probably 3, 4 pounds
1 half onion, finely chopped
some dried parsley
a smidgen of dried organo -have to be careful not to use too much
a smidgen of garlic power
roughly a cup of bread crumbs
2 eggs
a whole splattering of A1 sauce.  Been putting A1 in my burgers for years, it's the bestestess. 

grill, top with a good cheese (like a sharp cheddar, a bleu, gouda.  NEVER sliced american) and serve on lightly toasted kaiser roll. 

 




 Bingo, glad someone piped up about this.   So easy, so awesome.  




 So ... wildly firing into the air in the general direction of housing is ok  ?  




 that's funny, my 78 year old Mom started doing the same thing.  




 Someone's making their annual quota on that car. 




 but what do you mean ? he bought the plastic stuff, he put it down.  must be defective.  




  do not believe there exists a leveraged residential reit that will allow me to grow my money faster than increases in housing prices.

Google says there are REITs available to you. No idea what they return.  
 




 yeah, I think I'll give it a shot.  The mod's haven't chimed in on this thread yet so perhaps they're leaving it go to see the community's position on it.  

I know I'm going to need wood flooring soon, as well as interior doors hung and cased if anyone has recommendations on that.    




 it's making more sense now. 




 We're mulching for like the first time ever.  Have a lot of large tree trunks- anywhere from 1 to 2.5 feet in diameter.  We're putting down that black weed barrier; should we put that over the remaining trunks and mulch over them, or cut around ?  Seems like it might be better to know they're there.  And that we could put potted plants on them or something till they rot out.   




 I'm so confused. 

First he's hardcore gangster, then he's goofy family comedy Dad, then he's hardcore gangster.   




 thanks! I try to drink minimum once a day, but if I run or lift I'll drink as recovery as well.  I've been considering laying back off it a bit, but it really does seem to help with growing muscle while losing fat, and with muscle recovery.  The appetite suppresant aspects of protein are a great help too.  I also have a very, very sporadic schedule and may end up missing meals on a regular basis.... try not to let that happen, but it's a reality I have to deal with.  




 I found that doing alot of ab and core work helped me tighten the belt.  Situps, planks, leg lifts, air biking and other lower body/core/ab stuff ... improved my posture which made my belly stick out less, and pulled my belly up and in. It's not reducing the fat - you can't "spot reduce" fat, but it just holds everything up in place better. 

If I stop the ab and core work, even while increasing running, the belly makes itself known again, even though it's getting smaller. 

Now, combine all that with cardio and better nutrition, and you'll be doing really well. my two cents, downvote as you will. 




 Sounds less about the phone, and more about cleaning up after yourself.  




 You think it would be okay to use the dextrose/protein blend all the time ? Or should I only use that as recovery, and keep some plain protein (without dextrose) available for taking in the mornings, not  pwo?  




 I haven't struck out since early spring, but round here "summer" means just take a bag liner. Doesn't get lighter than that.  




 they aren't just websites.  Tires By Web at least I know you can call and someone who really understands  all this will walk your though it all.  Tell you what numbers to read to them, they'll look up your car, etc. So even though it's a discount website, they have full service on the phone.  




 sorry, poor phrasing.  Let me try to explain more clearly: 
Yes, a phenomenal location that must be insanely expensive - I've never seen the visitor volume I would imagine necessary to keep them going. I do know they rent it out for corporate events though, and I'm beginning to suspect it's the corporate events that keep them going, not the museum visits itself. 
 




 I feel you... but using  Hotwire and other websites you may be able to say closer in for that money.   Being on the Metro in Shady Grove is a good backup, but honestly man, that area is the most boring suburbs there  is.  Not like upper East side boring, I mean like LI boring.   Not saying doint do it, just realize that once you get back to your hotel each night you'll have nothing to do.  Probably literally won't even be able to walk to a restaurant, so really I would just do everything downtown, and Metro back north when you're ready to pass out. 

Arlington and some of the closer Va suburbs will give you more nightlife, more local dining, and save you a ton of commuting time that you could spend in our great museums instead.  Really, after hoofing around all day you may regret a long commute. Also, don't underestimate the ability of our metro to get packed shoulder to shoulder, break down, etc. It doesn't leak rainwater or smell of urine though;) 

Another commenter found a room in the city for a hundred bucks a night; you can't beat that. 

How experienced are you with digging out cheap hotel rates ? Are you comfortable using stuff like Priceline, Hotwire, etc ?  You realize that going straight to the hotel to book is often the most expensive way right ?   What time frame are you looking at ?  




 $100 ? Hell, I may drive down and spend the night just to be able to say I got a room in the city for a hundred bucks.  




 I honestly can't figure out how the Newseum exists- in that location - other than for corporate events. But they've held up for years ...  




 All depends on how you like to live OP. I'm sure there are plenty of folks perfectly happy on 40k, and plenty of folks not happy on 150k.  I'll tell you this though - the entire DC region is high earn, high cost.  Kansas this ain't. 

Throw some numbers on the table and you'll get more useful responses from folks.

 




 Was really hoping to see some woman in Mom pants and an ugly blouse jump the fence and climb in.  




 I thought doing a couple light arm sets before going out on a date was universally understood.  




 I take a lean isolate protein as a nutritional supplement as well as a recovery.  It was suggested I add dextrose to it for carbs when using as a recovery drink.  My question is ... do I want to add the dextrose to the whole tub, and have the carb/protein mix the whole time, or mix it separately on the side and only use the dextrose-added mix for recovery purposes only ?    I use the lean isolate because fat loss is a goal.   




 Honestly I think Tire Rack and Tires By Web have the best prices on cheap wheels for snowies ... if you call them up and tell them what you have I'm sure they'll be able to tell you exactly what fits.  I got my Nokians and wheels from Tires by Web, got a great deal, and was very happy last winter.  




 So, I clicked through, and got some giant full  page layover thing and immediately clicked backwards.  

Now, on to the regularly scheduled discussion... the EPA has - very seriously - been starting to regulate wood burning stoves.  There are now EPA compliant wood stoves.   I would not be at all surprised to find in a few years that they started regulating Smoking.  




 yeah, price counts.  I read reviews of some places on like Angies list that go "5 star experience" without talking about the price.  I mean, they could have paid 3 times more for that 5 star experience than say another company.    




 True. I"m not looking for cheap either, just reasonable. I don't mind paying for good work, but I've paid premium pricing for bad work in the past, trying to avoid that.  I guess the most easily discovered companies are the ones who spend alot of money on call centers and radio ads to make themselves more easily discovered... 




 Well, for starts, what's wrong with your own country ? If it's safe to travel alone in the wilderness (and I understand in many, many countries it isn't) than I'm willing to be there's all sorts of spectacular sites to be seen right in your own country.  If you really want to "backpack  the world" than I would  find a travel sub, and start inquiring about the process to get Visas.  Yes, Visas take time and money to get, but you'll also be spending money on airfare, supplies, transportation, probably even some lodging, so you'll need plenty of dough anyhow. 

I would also seek about blogs by folks who have done multi-country backpacks and learn from them.    




 yeah, in hindsight and reading here I think the problem was that I really had only protein.  Pyschologically I felt good, caridio and muscularly I felt good but I guess my energy stores just ran out right away.   So I guess carrying this hump of calories with me doesn't help, I need to make sure I'm getting my carbs before running.  




 Correct.  I have mostly leveraged funds and had one issue. The issue dipped below principal and I sold it.  Keep it on a watch list and it continued diving, so I'm glad I got out when I did. That  was chump change for me, like hundreds of dollars.  My real money is in funds that of course ebb and flow like anything else, but have always remained above my principal balance.  I learned to just make sure I wasn't losing money.  NOT losing opportunity cost, but actual  money.  That was a psychological trick that helped me resist the temptation to jump in and out, and I'm glad I took that approach as my multiyear return on them has been great.  




 "First Sausage".  OMG, dying.  




 and you've already tried scouring powder and a green scrubby ?  what color is the tile? Maybe some diluted bleach may help. 

Also, have you documented the state with your ncoic so that if the shit is like *permanently* damanged you won't get burnt for it ?  




 seriously ? Where is it ? Like 4 blocks north of K-Mart ?  




 For some reason he reminds me of Denzel Washington.  I bet that after the lawsuit, when the book is turned into the movie, he plays this guy.  




 From the third week of basic training on, I have never met anyone in the Army who wasn't a fucking expert on cleaning tile floors.   




 "I tell ya, when I was just a young Micrathene my mother moved us all into a research nest just so she could get some pretty leg bands.  No respect I tell ya, I get no respect. " 




 Your lucky man. Round here you can even rent a lane and a pistol and they'll only sell you one box of 22s. 

I prefer good sites over glass on a pistol too, but for hunting purposes, figured some glass would help. Though I've never used a pistol for hunting animals.  




 Or, in my case, master the side box, then spend a couple-four hundred on a lazy-q cause we're all easting so much I need it to smoke while I"m at work, then one of the family members turns vegetarian.  




 dude you do realize noone's going to lift a finger to mail you a buck fifyt's worth of anything right ?  




 "I'm a private pilot and am looking for places like Lake Whitney in Texas which offers nice camping and has a decent paved runway. Been to some nice places in Oklahoma and Arkansas as such. Does Texas offer anything other than Lake Whitney?"

There, FTFY.  I think.  




 hey man, not to jack your thread but I"ve been thinking about returning a new camelbak for the osprey. I have an osprey pack and the water pouch sleeve is internal and squeezing the camelback into it with a fullpack is a serious pain ... does that long handle on the osprey make it any easier ?  




 Ah, I get it. OP does NOT live in US (which is so damn large, you could spend a lifetime exploring just one country), Canada (ditto, plus bears, syrup and Leafs), or Europe (tons of small countries but with free passage). 

So OP lives in a small  country with no free passage to surrounding countries, and apparently doesn't want to explore their own country.  I'm gonna go ahead and guess Middle East. 

How'd I do OP?  




 One year now. Only ever returned one item, it was very cheerfully refunded.   So still a premier customer service experience, just not over the top anymore.

Over stores have the same (or better? ) policy ... if you're going to mail order from the states you have a huge choice; check out places like Backcountry, Backcountry Edge, EMS (who has a lot of solid store branded products as well), gosh, I couldn't list all the great retail/online options here... but Google can.  And you know, LL Bean has some really good stuff too. 




 those ole Eurekas *still* have design details on them that new manufacturers lack, lack sealable meshing for winter use.   But yes, H.E.A.V.Y.  IIRC, mine was like 7 pounds before fly and footprint.  My new one cost a fortune, is a fraction of the size, but it weighs like 3 pounds.  




 yeah man, give it another day or two before you decide it just isn't for you.  Then, once you've made  up your mind, just tell her you gave it a good go, but it's not for you.  




 I like wheel guns too. Just wanted to say that.  




 Had a 10/22. Great plinker for the money.  Throw a decent scope on it, keep it zero'd, buy extra magazines and you're money ... if you can find 22 ammo anymore.  




 I still have my twenty year old Eureka - different model though ...same colors.  It's a great tent and I'll never part with it.  Spent many evenings in it with my Lab.  Recently bought all new gear, including new fangled backpacking tents.  Can't believe I used to carry that Eureka in a backpack.  No wonder I couldn't log any miles. 




 Hey dude, stop sharing our local spots with out of towners ! 

 




 I wouldn't call it an alternative to 495.  The path is takes is really odd - going so.far.north on the west side, yet so.far.south on the east side.   I haven't found it particularly useful yet as a Md commutter who very regularly has to schlep to Va.  




 LoL, everything about this warns me not to hire them as a contractor.  




 No no no, not crayfish.  Rock Shrimp are *awesome* shrimp ... sweeter than most, more like a lobster taste.  Everytime I go to the Orlando/Coco region I head up to Titusville for fill up on Rock Shrimp at Dixies Crossroads.  Great stuff.   Honestly only been there like 3 times, and the last time was probably 10 years ago but that's how awesome it is; I still remember it clearly.

But, sorry OP, never  heard of them outside of Fla.  Would definitely like to find some up here though.  




 There needs to be a National Free Sirloin Day.   Who wants to sponsor the bill ?  




 Oh wow, I cant even remember the last time I had those ...the red ones.  Now I'm craving them. 
 




 This may have been why I felt so tired about halfway through the run.  Muscularly my legs felt good, cardio felt good .... my breathing rate actually seemed lower than usual, but I just had no energy at all.  I guess I ran out of carbohydrates.   




 is that like the bovine equivalent of back ribs ?  




 Curious. I had a complete shite run today, and I'm wondering how much of it was not eating versus other variables (such as...oh,not training in weeks lets just say hypothetically) . I *am* a Calorie Camel though.  I store spare calories in a hump around my middle ...  




 yeah, brisket's always gone instantly.  ribs are always left over I'm noticing.  I guess the rest of the family is growing weary of them too.  I need to go get me a brisket again.  I have a lazyq now, I'd like to see how it comes out in that.  
























 You know what would be really great ? A mobile app you can snap a picture of any car in a handicap spot or firelane, and submit to traffic enforcement for some sort of automatic violation.    I'm in some wealthy burbs, I park my car out and walk even when I was wearing a boot on my leg, and inevitably there's be some self important asshole parked in the firelane to drop off their cleaning, get groceries,  handicap spots too - they don't care.  THey're more important than everyone else.  




 well those probably aren't the *only* things you'll need or want, but they're definitely on my "don't forget" list 




 that's a great idea! 




 livetatas 




 ok, so basically it's another clearance channel ... I'm used to those and know how to shop accordingly. 'preciate the education !  




 I wear lenses, so I buy them on a regular basis.  They're just empty used ones.  I'm also saving some larger bottles (travel sized soaking solution bottles) for use.   They're all quite good at dispensing indivdiual drops, and very leak proof ... more so than the "drop dispensers" I've seen for sale.  

If you don't wear lenses, you can buy these drops in any drugstore or box store,  and you get to buy the cheapest since you won't actually be using the solution.  




 Now watch closely as OP's joke mysteriously levetates to the front page. 




 wha, little tobasco in the eyes never hurt anyone ;) 

but seriously, is this a useful tip? I was really excited when I discovered it - i can now take just what I need and save a bit  more size and weight.  For me I guess it's more  important because of the way I pack, I need to keep my 10 essentials and my hygiene size to a minimum, I like smaller packs.  




 hmmm, if you end up not being able to find one there may be help in /r/myog building your own.  I would imagine a rain poncho is a pretty easy myo project.  




 Is steap and cheap always a "safe bet" in terms of a deal or do you need to do your homework first like with Massdrop ?  




 After my last trip I pulled an AAR on myself and started lookiing through what I didn't use, what I brought back in leftovers etc and realized that sometimes even 2oz of something is just way too much.  I like to bring Bronners and Tobasco with me, but I just need literally a few drops a day and [those tiny lense rewetting drop bottles are the perfect container](http://i.imgur.com/aOrCtkx.jpg).  

 




 The Infantry has a way of ruining outdoor recreation for sure.   And then my dubmass hiked for years (civilian hiking) with a fucking e-tool and like 12 pounds of water because I thought that's how you hike.  LoL. 




 yeah, I'd imagine call for fire quickly became "assholes 500 meters out, 120 degrees, light 'em up" 




 Make sure you have the ten essentials, including spare batteries for  your flashlight, and I'd brush up on the map reading skill ahead of time as well.  Primitive camping as in no stove ? Bring at least two different sources of fire. I bring a lighter (it's easy) and a magbar/flint strip (not as easy, but guaranteed to work).  Some firestarter cubes would also probably be very useful.

if you're going on your  own, leave a trip plan with the family and check in with them on predefined basis ("I"m still alive" calls)  




 Next time, setup close to the house.  You'll probably still hear a bit of the "normal" sounds you're used to, maybe a tv running quietly at night, or pipes pinging, whatever.  You'll also psychologically feel safer being closer to home.  In other words, try to reduce the amount of change so that really the only thing that has changed is you're on the wrong side of the wall.   Then once you're comfortable with that you can venture out a bit further.

Remember too that with actual backpacking, you're typically pretty darned tired by the time you get to rack up ... I hit that hay and I'm dead asleep 




 I started  hiking like I was still in the Infantry, never understood why I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I should.  Enjoyment factor up 500% when I bought newer lighter gear  and stopped packing for World Domination.   




 yeah, I would imagine that there's a very real possibility of waking up to a mauled kayak that won't float.   




 I guess I could understand that. I personally preferring eating over fishing ...  




 /r/creepy 




 That's what the punchbowl is for.  And by punchbowl I mean beer.   And by beer I mean whiskey.  




 oh dude, for the type of trip you're going on, you don't even know.  Foods the best part.  It *all tastes better* when camping.   




  Just be sure to get right back on that wagon and avoid whatever (or whoever) is providing you with the opportunity for that "just one" before it turns into more.   I'm 3 days on the wagon after falling off big time for a month, I'll tell you it's never easy stepping on that bus, but it's definitely easier the second time round than the first. 




 odd.  no cold medicines or stimulants ?  maybe it's actually just the exercise.  Perhaps if it happens again you may want to ask over in /r/running.   




 coffee used to be a HUGE trigger for me, but no longer.  I still can't drink much at all without cravings, so I stay away from that as much as possible too.  

Sometimes you have to kind of improve everything at once, like a giant karmic clean sweap. Start exercising, eating better.  It all ends up going hand in hand for me.  Good luck. 
 




 I  have to constantly brainwash myself into being the most rabid antismoking dick on the planet, because my fucking brain is constantly trying to tell me how nice it is.   I  have a bud around the corner from me, can't see him for a while since I put them down again.  He gets it, not offended.   I have to have it out of site and out of mind.   

Maybe if your roomate is cool and supportive he wouldn't mind stepping out instead, or something else so it's at least not like right.there. infront of you.  




 Heat definitely impacts your running performance.  Regarding the palpatations ... do you by chance drink alot of coffee ?  




 that's one way to interpret that wording.  Given the other multiple references to "natural" I don't think that's necessarily the correct interpretation though, but it is a rather slippery written article 




 that *is* interesting as fuck.  The enlargement viewer is mildly infuriating though.  




 I'll admit, it was pretty nice.  And considering it was a blizzard (we're fools) we had the entire park to ourselves. Yeah, it was pretty nice.  




 Let me just go ahead and add "buying intravenous fluids on Ebay" to my list of things not to do.  




 oh god, THAT.  




 I find it contempuous that the judge would threaten him with contempt for displaying his contempt for jury duty. 




 I think the "three years" reference means she may have been at the school for three years, as in "wtf, I've been here for three years and all of a sudden they're bitching about my hair".   




 [Relevant] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7Q1CaPHx90) 




 TIL: I could be a doctor in Mexico.  But then, so could my Terrier.  




 wow, that's not only pretty fast charging time, but seems like you're getting really good mileage about of your battery too.  




 oh yay, first Snake House reference I've seen on Reddit.  And yep, your approach is *exactly* the one I had in mind.  "Oh hello, home owners insurance company ? Yes, my house burnt to the ground.  And also it was infested with snakes".  




 You may have a bit more luck posting this to /r/Maryland or even /r/Camping, just since Assateague is pretty far from Baltimore. Enjoy your trip. 




  they need increased legal protection by engaging in a work slowdown.

Gotcha.   Do you think it *really* boils down to legal  protections though? The LEO BoR and qualified immunity doesn't cut it anymore ?  




 oh bro, that's the best kinda backpacking trip.  Just some slow easy hiking, lots of goofing around.  Every play frisbee in the woods ? It's like frisbee pool. 

PB J tortillas sounds pretty awesome.  Oatmeal for breakfast is great.  What kind of food do you like ? If you don't mind buying prepackaged food from the grocery store there's all SORTSA of stuff you can take... I've seen instant rice dishes that you just boil up, there's hamburger helper type stuff that you can just leave the meat out of.  I've seen pouched indian food that only needs to be heated (and they're awesome too). 

I'm a big fan of the tuna salad that comes  in the foil pouches.   It's actually pretty decent and doesn't need to be refrigerated.  Also, like some salami and a block of cheese and some crackers can be pretty awesome.  It's really all about what you like and your imagination.  Just keep it light weight since you have to carry it.  Try not to bring too many foods that already have a lot of water in them, like fresh fruit, apple sauce cups, stuff like that since they get soo heavy.   There's also /r/trailmeals for more inspiration. enjoy !   




 Workers rights ? Could you expand on that?   I see this more as a policy issue.    




 There's a reason for the adage "don't go into business with family or friends".  /u/NinjaCoder's right.  Just walk away.   




 So, I was getting ready to offer some advice when I go to the final paragraph. Don't know what the fuck that's all about. 




 I'll be damned.  Downvoting my own comments to upvote yours.  




 I do know of a local handyman service that charges 65 an hour.  I haven't used them, but a friend did and recommended them to me.  I'm considering using them for some work but 65 an hour seems a bit high ... I don't know ... is that reasonable ?  




 also OP, if you're in Wild Lake I have plenty of tools to lend on Neighborgoods.net. Lend, not rent, as in free just please be neighborly and take care of them.  




 oh that's good to know, thx!  9 yds is a good bit, but at least they don't like require a bolt at a time. 




 It depends on the trip goals.   Last trip I took, I was shooting to do a 4 day trip in 3 days, and really out to train more than anything else.  Solo hiking, decent cool weather, my goal was mileage so I tended to eat on the move only cooking oatmeal and coffee for breakfast.  Dinner wasn't necessary, I'd constantly hit high protein stuff while I was hiking.  

I brought mountain houses, never fired 'em up.   Didn't bother making a "lunch" as I was constantly noshing anyway, so everytime I stopped to filter I would grab some new food, throw it in the pants pocket. 

On the way I met folks who were doing the whole trip in one day; they literally just had cliff bags and water and literally never stopped moving. 

OTHERS were there to chill, play in the woods and would bring lots of food and goodies ... so it all depends on what you wanna do.    




 Oh you know, dress like a zombie, go golfing every day.  

Note to self-  don't spook the kids; they can't take a joke.  




 This sub appears to be [very against whole life] (http://www.reddit.com/r/investing/search?q=whole+life+insurance sort=relevance t=all) policies 




 /r/investing
 




 If you've never gone camping, or basically you just want to spend a few nights out having fun this summer and aren't sure if this would be a recurring hobby for you, than I'd suggest you consider going car camping instead of backpacking, and saving a TON of money on new gear.  The new backpacking gear is really nice stuff, but it's pricey, and alot of that price is paying for lightweight materials that don't weigh much and pack up small ... neither of which is a concern if you just want to go car camping and get some fishing in living in the woods for a few days.  

In the dead of summer around Washington DC you don't need much at all to go car camping. You pack up whatever you have at home, throw it in the car, drive up to your camp site and pitch camp.

-Something to keep rain off you while you sleep should it rain.  This could be a tent rent from school, and in the summer months REI and other stores may rent them.  Or it could just be a tarp you tie between trees, or a cheap nylon hammock.  I've spent many a summer night sleeping directly on the ground when I was a young man. Even when we had "tents" they were really just rain ponchos that we would tie together and improvise into shelter. 

- Something to lay on while you sleep.  This could be a 200 dollar air mattress, or it could be several blankets from home that you fold into a soft spongy mattress layer.  Or it could be an air raft, or a yoga pad.   It doesn't have to be fancy, just comfortable. Remember if you're car camping, you don't have to carry it- size and weight don't matter.

- Something to keep you warm while you sleep.  This could be an 800 dollar down sleeping bag, or it could just be the sheet off your bed in the summer months, or a blanket.   

- Something to cook with.  This could be a hundred dollar titanium cookset with fancy utensils, or it could be a pot and a pan from your kitchen.  I spent years and years hiking out with like a 5 dollar cookset. 

-Basic hygiene stuff like TP, soap, etc. 

- Food.  Go to the grocery store - there's endless amounts of food that just need heating up or that you boil.  

-A styrofoam cooler and a bag of ice .   Be careful wtih beer though, alot of parks don't allow it.  Not saying I've never enjoyed a cold one in the woods, just saying don't keep a styrofoam cooler sitting out where a ranger could easily see it.  

So really, unless you plan on backpacking out, I wouldn't get too caught up in gear.  Just get out there however you can and enjoy yourself.  If you love it, and you decide this is your calling and you really want "proper" gear than you can start saving for it. 

Either way, hope you get out soon and enjoy that fishin.

 




 Outside of Acadia on the quiet side are some really wonderful harbor side trails.  




 enjoy those years while they're there. They'll be over before you know it.  




 How do you personally use this effectively ? Even at 2amps, it means keeping the stove running a LOT longer than I normally would to have any meaningful impact on a battery.   Which means either now I'm carrying extra fuel which could have just been a battery pack, or I'm cooking over wood.   

 




 hahah to me it looked like a booby trap.   I was looking for the pizza box bait.  




 We're all good until you try to serve me green eggs from a tray pack.  




 The fancy sets tend to be more expensive lighter materials.   I tend to draw a pretty strong distinction between camping and backpacking, because backpacking stuff is pricey and relatively non-durable compared to the stuff you can bring camping.  I mean, car camping ? Haul out the 30 year old unbreakable 40 pound stuff right ?  




 I heard some folks talking about Cuben and it was stated that they don't sell their fabric, they license it's usage in manufacturing much like Gore does.   




 I'd be interested in recommendations on this as well ... pretty sure I'm going to have to replace the entire kitchen within a few years at this rate ! 




 We've been using Pet Vet (Dr Hall) forever.  

Also, in addition to the dog parks, there are several state parks nearby which allow dogs on certain trails.   enjoy and welcome to Columbia !  




 Hmm, not me. I get "millions falling into poverty".  But I did find the article by searching http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/women-posing-with-shawarma-is-now-a-thing-in-russia/523454.html 

and I guess I have to rescind my comment, because apparently it actually *is* a social networking group thing for them.  




 And this winter a couple buds and I went camping in about a foot of now.   One of them had made "hobo meals" at home - pot roast in aluminum foil.  While the rest of us setup the tent and our bags, he started a huge fire and threw these things in to cook. 

A few minutes later we were sitting around the campfire in like a foot of snow, eating fresh pot roast out of aluminum foil, sipping gourmet cocoa with marshmallows, than out came the vodka that was sitting in the snow chilling.   

I must admit it was a good day.  




 Multi-family car camping a couple years ago... suddenly there was a massive breakfast buffet line going with like 4 or 5 stoves, all cooking up a ton of breakfast goodness; pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage.  It was unreal.  




 Article seems to be gone now, which is a shame as it seems that Russia is now living real-life subreddits.  /r/womenposingwithSharama. 
 




 Honest question ... not a waterman and barely a fisher ... what if they just had a mortorium on all recreational fishing for a year or two, and licensed only actual watermen who made their livelihood on the water ?  Would that help anything ? Or are they basically already doing that ?  I know my seafood intake's been steadily going down for years, and pretty much nothing I get anymore seems to be local anyhow, so why not make that official for a bit in the name of rejuvenating the populations ?  




 so close to my car that I can't even see his hood.
Sunroof + Pennies.



 




 yeah,I really do think of fancy cooksets as "stove only" ... one of the luxuries of car camping and big old campfire is being able to bring out the cast iron ;)  Well, maybe that isn't a luxury for some.  I know when I'm camping with the family the starc contrast between the minimalist backpacking I enjoy makes me wish we didn't bring so much ...!  




  So bad choice of words for meaning "you don't really have the same needs as someone who's like spending every single day hiking long distances" if you're only hiking to the camp, spending 4 days there than hiking out.  




 1. Anything that doesn't have any plastic bits on it should be fine on both.  You'll want something that sits well on the jetboil ... beware though that alot of backpacking sets do have plastic bits up top, where the flame of a jetboil would never hit or heat up too much... with campfires you're potentially talking about a lot more heat.  I've been looking at the various [GSI sets] (http://www.amazon.com/Bugaboo-Camper-Cookware-GSI-Outdoors/dp/B006ERSCNA) lately... 



2.  In a good cooler if you don't keep opening it and closing it we've had ice last at least 24 hours during Memorial Day... dead of summer probably less.  

3. No clue,sounds like the kind of thing you wouldn't be allowed to bring on, but that would be readily found wherever your camping destination is if it's actually needed there. 




 If you're only hiking in and out than you probably don't need to be overly concerned with like calory to weight and space rations.  For your first camping venture out, I say take food you like, and enjoy yourself.   I would do something like fresh sandwhiches for the hike in, hobo meals (roasts wrapped in aluminmum) for first dinner since it's an easy way to a luxurious dinner, than standard "add boiled water" meals from the grocery (you'll find a very wide range of tasty foods that just require heating, ranging from latin to Indian) as well as a Mountain House or two.  Oatmeal and coffee makes a good lightweight easy breakfast, you could brings eggs as well.  For snacks I like high protein options like tuna (in pouches) and beef jerky.   Use your imagination, and have some variety.  Truly, folks eat ranging from very plain ( literally saw a post that was "Here's my food for 4 days" and it was basically 3 ziplocks of snack food) to gourmet (espresso machines, ovens (not Stoves, OVENS as in bake bread on the trail, yes) and everything in between.  Just remember that you have to carry it on your back, and if you aren't using to carrying a pack the weight *will* add up, but you're talking about a really short hike... if I were doing a very short hike in and out, but staying there for 4 days, I would definitely be willing to hoof in a lot of extra food weight that I normally wouldn't want to. 


To keep things cold: if you're ok with the added weight you can use small insulated lunch bags and an ice pack, but I'll warn you that "cold stuff" is generally the province of car camping, not backpacking or camping hiking in.  Still, for the first night you could probably keep something relatively cool  that way... something only semiperishable and not immediately perishable I presume. 


Bottom line is there's no right or wrong in meal planning, there's only preference.  Backpacking gets a bit more serious as the size and weight considerations become critical.  But for what you're doing, what's really important though is that :

A) You enjoy your first time backpack camping. 
B) You enjoy your first time backpack camping.
C) You eat well, and start thinking about what you did and didn't like, what you would and wouldn't bring again, all while enjoying your first time backpack camping.


EDDIT: DANGIT, can't believe I forgot to mention that's there a /r/TrailMeals that's perfect for inspiration.  Enjoy !  




 There ya go, strap the poles outside (vertically ! - you don't want them sticking out sideways) and then just shove the rest of the tent inside somewhere.  Be a little careful with the pegs too - you don't want them poking into the tent or backpack material too hard.  You don't have to put the tent inside a sack before going into the sack either, you can just shove it on down in there, and shove everything else on top and compress it all together.   I do that with my tent and sleeping back and it makes everything fit the pack better  with less wasted space.  




 Sounds like a photographers vest.  Just instead of lenses and film canisters packed with other goodies.   

Seems rather unnecessary if you're carrying a pack though.  If you want to rest, your pack will be at your feet (or under them).  No need to stop walking to check a map unless you're particularly bad with maps.  If I want to drop my pack and actually leave the trail (like to do an extra 3/4 side trail to water) than I grab my small pouch of essentials out of my pack hood and carry it in my pocket.  




 Run away.  That has sketchy written all over it. 
 




  it's completely worth it to not deal with Massdrop's long and often unpredictable shipping times. 

So is Massdrop kind of "you'll get it when you get it" ? LIke old school mail order .... "6-8 business weeks" loL. 




  but it's not sold by Amazon, so that's not really a good comparison price wise

Im confused as to why, but I"ll take your word for it. I'm not spending 20 some bucks on a pot anyhow, titanium, sterling or otherwise.  

Although, it's oh soooo light .... so tempting.  

 




 So, in addition to having inadequate carbs, I just looked at my splits on Cardio ... even though my overall time was horrible, just terrible because I bonked and actually had to walk sections (so sad ... ) apparently my 1st mile split was the fastest I've ran.   So that combined with the bad fueling would explain why the rest of my run went so horrible, and why I'm still in DOMS like 4 days later despite stretching, protein, massage, etc.    No fuel, poor pacing... I was killing myself. dumb.
 




 Yeah, I guess there's some logic to that.  Except the people camping in Ohiopyle probably aren't actually *from* Ohiopyle.   And there's definitely a lot of people in that park area during peak months, but point taken ... I suppose it's really more about foot traffic than anything else. 




 Holy Hornet Batman ! 




 This sounds like extortion.   




 Thanks, we're good on locations, just wondering how safe it is to leave stuff out. 




 dude if you're retarded with money, like you're totally compulsive, have lessened self-regulation capabilities, stuff like that, than open up a savings account with no checkbook, no ATM card. Make it *hard* to get to your money once it's in there, so you'll only go to it when you really really need it.  Then ask your employer to put a certain amount into it with each direct deposit so it never even goes into your main account and you never get a chance to be stupid with it.  Out of site, out of mind.  




 [this] (http://www.amazon.com/TOAKS-LIGHT-Titanium-650ml-Pot/dp/B00SMFNAZW) isn't the same product ?  









 I'm a stay at home Dad and my wife works

MY HERO.   You've brought tears of joy to my eyes.  I SALUTE YOU for obtaining a position I once thought to be mystical.  Please don't screw it up, I still go to bed at night dreaming of the day when *I'm* no longer the one working 60 hour weeks.  

If you honestly and truly just completely suck at cooking, then you'll want a beginners cookbook that introduces some basic concepts and techniques.   The [Better Homes and Garden cookbook] (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0553577956/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_2?pf_rd_p=1944687602 pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1 pf_rd_t=201 pf_rd_i=0470560770 pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_r=0F2WSEY2CKQVQ5PT9HMB) got me started with some really basic recipes, and basic techniques.   When you're graduated from that, [The Joy of Cooking] (http://www.amazon.com/Joy-Cooking-Irma-S-Rombauer/dp/0743246268/ref=sr_1_1?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1433985417 sr=1-1 keywords=joy+of+cooking) is a timeless classic.  

In terms of meal planning, there's loads of recipes and meal plans online.  Right here in Reddit there's /r/MealPrepSunday and /r/EatCheapAndHealthy along with plenty of other food and cooking related subs. 

Be nutritionally sound too though.  There's /r/nutrition for advice; figure out your families caloric needs, and base meal planning around that.  
 




 yeah, just toss it.  




 It could be just extreme settling, but if you have another can nearby I'd play it safe. 

I'm assuming the can wasn't bulging, didn't "whoosh" air when you opened it, no cracks or any other signs like that ? 

Any chance you could post a picture ?  




 vodka sauce ! how could I not think of that... it's only like the best every tomato sauce invented.  




 oh, and you can't say "deglaze" without mentioning gravy ! 




 It didn't overdo it for us, but use your own judgement; that's the great thing about learning how to cook - you get to make everything exactly as you want !!   




 We're in Howard, south of Baltimore.  I had told him that if he doesn't want to make a whole weekend of it we could shoot up to Patapso just Friday or Saturday evening, spend the night, do a short hike after breakfast or something.  I'm trying to make it as easy and non-committal as possible for him.  I think I'll just suggest something out 70 instead though. 




 Sounds like you're spending in a lot of other places.   Make a list of everything you spend money, and come back with more details. Include debt amount, monthly payment and interest rates.   Be sure to include groceries, gasoline, plus other stuff that costs money but that you probably don't want to tell yourself actually adds up, like weekly beers etc.  




 yep, we have five spice lying around I'm sure.  Never thought of smoking tofu.  I've smoked all sorts of meat, fish and cheeses... I guess smoking tofu is a bit like smoking paneer. I'll give it a go !  




 Sure will try this out - thanks !  

 




 I don't even have audio and this was entertaining. Someone was enjoying their 15 minutes of attention.  




 I'm guessing it would make more sense to put it into retirement but without  more details it's only a guess. 

What's the interest rate on the loans ? What's your income, cashflow, total worth like ?  Is there matching on the supplemental or is it tax advantaged ?   




 yeah, if you're close enough to a store that's definitely your best bet.  Ask if you can take it to the backpack section, and ask for someone who's knowleadgeable about fitting packs.  




 it could be the pack just isn't the right size too ...did you go into a retail location and get fitted, or buy online ? Sorry,it's hard to troubleshoot a pack fit without pics ... I know  I'm basically between the two most common lengths and have to buy adjustable length.  Having the straps hit your arms in odd spots can be an effect of wrong length.  




 I think tofu makes sense.   Thanks for the tip on drying it .... it's definitely difficult to fry up without thoroughly squeezing and drying it.   The boiling salted water trick sounds neat; I"ll try it.  




 It's not a correction, it's clarification. Am I right ? Are you a private pilot looking for a camping spot you can fly to ? I don't think that would be immediately understood in /r/camping from your original post.  




 you don't want to feed your hammies and quads some nice delicious protein and glucose while you're hammering them ?  




 Squats and cardio for sure.   I also did a lot of straightleg deadlifts, and my pack just felt like nothing.  




 fake meat battered and fried, as opposed to simply leaving out all battered  and fried elements altogether, and keeping it simply bell  peppers, pineapple and sugar sauce.  




 I did 3 days no problem in a 50 liter, but just packing for myself.  BUT I was solo, so I carried everything.  Stove,tent, pad, bag, food etc.  Actually downsized into a 36 liter... the 52 was more than I needed. 




 the meat itself is likely to be a bit tough for fast and high temp cooking.  You could try a variety of slow/low temp techniques like roasting it, smoking it, etc.   




 No, I'm asking, "would a vegetarian prefer a faux 'sweet and sour pork' that is the normal dish just with no meat, or would one prefer a faux 'sweet and sour pork' that batters and fries a non-meat to take place of what would have been the battered and fried pork"  




 Ah bro, really don't know any way to get there without a private car.  I was looking for similar to get out to the Great Allegheny Passage and found a couple bike clubs that do like hosted van trips but they leave out of DC, don't necessarily go where you want them to go, and they're pretty pricy. 

If you really don't have a car or a bud who's willing to do the drive (it's only about an hour each way, maybe hour and a half) then maybe you could find a Meetup in Baltimore that's heading out there, and carpool with someone from the Meetup group (they do that) and then just not return with them ?

You could take Marc to Frederick (but by way of DC) and get closer to Pen Mar, but you'd still be a hoof away... maybe close enough for an expensive cab ride though ? 

as a tip to help you in your transit search though, few folks who don't live right in that area or hike the AT will recognize "Pen Mar Park", but it's like 2 miles from Ft. Richie which is a little more recognizable. 

good luck man.
 




 Carne Guisada is a dish itself ...  you don't like Mexi ?  




 put a couple porkchops in a pan, put a couple stars of anise and splash them with white wine, cover, cook low.  




 I once roasted a goose, and in a pan reduced prunes and their juice, chopped chestnuts and brandy for the sauce.  It was beyond words.  




 Washington DC area here. Our hardware stores don't even carry proper hardware.  But you can get some fancy lamps and dishwashers in 'em. 




 I'm on the hook for dinner tonight and I'm craving some sweet and sour pork.  I've made it at home in the past and it just killed. 

We're a mixed household ...  should I just leave the fried pork out of the vege one, or do you think it "needs" the fried bits ? What would you fry to add to it ? Tofu ?  I've made kung pao tofu before and it kills, but I've never done it in sweet and sour before.

 




 My first paychecks of the year go into maxing my 401 as well.  We just came off the holidays, no need to spend anything.    The left over is anemic until it's maxed, but then I'm good to go for the rest of the year. 
























