 This guy is a collector who makes his collection of cars past and present viewable on his personal website. His taste is far different from the Sultan of Brunei, Jay Leno, or Paul Walker, so don't be disappointed if that's what you were expecting. It's an good mix of cars, but his favorites appear to be Cadillacs, Corvettes and Trans Ams with ultra low miles (often under 10,000, occasionally under 1000) A lot of the cars are ones you don't generally expect to see in showroom condition. I'm thinking that this collection as a whole is probably one you either love or hate.

http://www.mcsmk8.com/cadillacs/mycads.htm - current cars

http://www.mcsmk8.com/PAST-CARS/MAVICA.HTM - sold cars 




 Smart Car? It's small, unique looking, cheap, practical, and German. 




 Taken care of  




 The four door hardtop, which lacks the pillar present in four door sedans was a very sleek, good looking body style that would be nice to see go back into production. The last US market models were discontinued in 1978, but they survived for another decade or so in Japan. Mid sized hatchbacks, four door coupes, and large 2 door hardtops have made a comeback in recent years, mostly from the luxury import manufacturers, so it wouldn't be a bad idea.

- http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/87/4doorSEDAN-and-4doorHARDTOP.jpg :On top is a sedan, on the bottom is a hardtop. 




 This guy is a collector who makes his collection of cars past and present viewable on his personal website. His taste is far different from the Sultan of Brunei, Jay Leno, or Paul Walker, so don't be disappointed if that's what you were expecting. It's an good mix of cars, but his favorites appear to be Cadillacs, Corvettes and Trans Ams with ultra low miles (often under 10,000, occasionally under 1000) A lot of the cars are ones you don't generally expect to see in showroom condition. I'm thinking that this collection as a whole is probably one you either love or hate.

- http://www.mcsmk8.com/cadillacs/mycads.htm - current cars
- http://www.mcsmk8.com/PAST-CARS/MAVICA.HTM - sold cars 




 Crush the Nissan (ugliest of the three and yes I know none of these vans are built for style), Joyride the Chevy, Daily drive the Ford 




 - Mercedes-Benz SEC, BMW 8 Series - Hard to believe the design of one is over 30 years old and the other is nearly 25. They both still look up to date. The 8 Series is slightly dated by it's hideaway lights though. Nice that both are hardtops.
- Anything currently produced by Mitsubishi (at least the ones sold in the US) already looks and feels like it's 10 years old.
 




 80's Full-size American luxury sedan edition: Chrysler Fifth Avenue, Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham, Lincoln Town Car 




 Audi RS6/BMW M5/Mercedes-Benz E63 AMG 





























 Malaise Era cars, built by the American manufacturers between roughly 1973-1983 have long been unloved by most enthusiasts. At this time, 5 mph bumpers and smogged engines with lower HP were enforced by the EPA and NHTSA, leading to the end of the muscle car era. I have been seeing a small, but growing number of them at car shows and televised high end auctions. As younger enthusiasts become able to afford a classic, older cars become more expensive, and the market's tastes change, could these cars soon be taken seriously as collector's items. 20-30 years ago four door sedan and station wagon versions of popular cars built before 1973 were just parts cars to many, but today there is demand for drivable examples of such cars. Even earlier, Detroit cars of the 50's-60's were seen as gaudy, tacky relics, much like the Malaise cars are viewed today, but it took a shorter amount of time for a renewed interest in them to occur. Some of what were the least valuable 10-15 year old US built cars in say, 1977 can currently be purchased for the same price or more then some of the most expensive brand new ones of that year. In addition, a lot this era's Japanese and European cars that were just as unreliable and underpowered when new attract a lot of hype. Today, clean, low mile, unmolested examples of Malaise models can be purchased for dirt cheap compared to their older counterparts and those who don't mind the stigma attached to the era can take advantage of this. 




 It isn't, but is written by some people. I thought it was one up until I was 10, so if I hadn't finally noticed the red underlining it on MSWord, I might still be one of them. New words are added to the dictionary every year, the English language has changed slightly during the past 100 years, and English is not a well regulated language such as French, so I wouldn't be surprised. 




 When I say "neither give a damn" I'm imagining the situation probably involving two cars that are POS junkers, perhaps with prior damage to begin with. 









 Still see a few on the road from time to time in the shitty part of town 




 I've seen some of such Japanese econoboxes turned into drift cars and tuners. These are usually cheap, simple to work on, plentiful, lightweight, RWD, platforms which are easy to do engine swaps on and easy to find parts for. This is from the 70s but in the vein of what has been done to some 80s imports: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJMAy7Z6zys 




 That's the point of the question, what cars do the commenters think clash with the idea of a classic car, despite their age. 









 - Ford Panther Platform - In particular, the Mercury Marauder with its GNX style blacked out trim, and the few Crown Victoria Police Interceptors that haven't been beaten into the ground by then.
- Pontiac G8 GXP - The best of the last
- Cadillac STS-V, CTS-V, and Escalade - Cadillac got to be cool again.
- AMG Benzes - Depreciation is a bitch. A W220 S55 will give you supercar performance on a used minivan budget, so if you are expecting these cars to appreciate in price someday, pick em' up now.
- BMW M3, M5, M Coupe - Same as above. The M Coupe was an oddball too.
- Mercedes R-Class - This is a wild card. Not that sporty, sexy, or cool in any kind of way, but sold in very small numbers and is destined to be forgotten. Less than 100 AMG models were produced too. Could go down in history as a "Mercedes Edsel" of sorts. 














 A couple years after it came the 1970 1/2 Falcon, which was essentially a low trim Fairlane. 









 I understand that she wasn't in her right mind and since this was some time ago and happened when I was still a child, I may remember some details differently than how they actually were. This also didn't happen at the establishment they eventually decided on. 









 Not as creepy as some of the other encounters here, but freaked me out at the time. When I was 11 or 12 years old, my grandfather began suffering dementia. Because of this, my parents began looking into nursing homes for him. I had to come along and visit each one.

At one of the homes we visited, which was not the one my dad eventually picked, the terrifying experience took place. This particular facility, like most of the others we considered specialized in caring for seniors with mental or physical handicaps such as my grandfather. One of the residents was a hunched over woman in her early 80s at the least with a lazy eye, messy, matted hair, messy clothes, and crooked, rotten, teeth in the worst shade of yellow I had ever seen. Right in front of my parents, she walked towards me out of nowhere and said that I was her son. She proceeded to grab me and try to drag me away, her hold and grip was surprisingly strong. She argued to my mom by saying "he's mine I saw him first!". I didn't know what was going to happen until one of the nurses came by and yelled at her to quit it.

I am still unsettled and reminded of this experience when I see heavily disheveled seniors. When I had to visit the home we picked in the end on weekends, there were a few residents who said strange things to me and I saw lash out, relive past trauma, and break social mores, but none came close to being as threatening, creepy, and gross as the "he's mine I saw him first" lady. 




 Looks like a gimp mask 









 I agree with you, I don't understand why the Big Three dropped their old iconic nameplates. Why does Lincoln need to make MKXs instead of Continentals, Cadillac to make XTSs instead of DeVilles, and Buick have to make LaCrosses instead of Electras. These were well recognized cars that developed a reputation and symbolized something. 




 - Mercedes-Benz W140, W220, W210, W211, pre facelift W212 and SLS AMG
- 1998+ Ford Crown Victoria
- BMW 8 Series
- Most Bentleys
- Lexus LS400 




 The cars live up to their namesake at varying degrees, but the Dodge Monaco was a large, mid-priced full-size car which clearly wasn't made for racing the Circuit De Monaco, and no Pontiac Bonneville is likely to set a land speed record. Chrysler's Newport, New Yorker, and Fifth Avenue, and the Chevrolet Malibu are named after locations in the United States with a connotation for luxury, though New York City was quite run down and crime riddled during much of that nameplate's life. 




 Thanks for the reminder that I should research what I post beforehand. Assumed it was in Italy because of the Maserati Sebring, which came before the Chrysler. 




 Why are so many American cars, particularly of the 60's-80's named after cities, towns, or racetracks in Europe where they are likely seldom seem and when few if any European attributes are seen in such cars? Examples include Chevrolet Monte Carlo, Chevrolet Monza, Cadillac Seville, Buick Riviera, Pontiac LeMans, Ford Granada, Lincoln Versallies, Chrysler Cordoba, and Dodge Monaco. The names have a good ring to them, but how many Dodge Monacos have ever been owned by residents of the wealthy principality, and has a single Chevy Monza ever raced on the Italian track bearing it's name? There are few cars where the reverse has been done that I can think of, Ferrari California, Ferrari Daytona, Maserati Sebring, and Yugo Florida. 




 I have seen many videos on the counterfeit coins from China and Eastern Europe, browsed what is available on alibaba, and found some suspicious coins on eBay. Now that you mentioned it, I also remember going to a dealer where there was a PCGS graded contemporary counterfeit Morgan for sale, plus similar items online occasionally, but my question is more focused on paper money. 




 A new president 









 As the title says, it is currently illegal to possess, sell, or distribute counterfeits of US coins or currency which are currently legal tender (Confederate, Colonial, and other obsolete counterfeits can be freely owned). So, if the US dollar ever becomes obsolete in the future, will examples of counterfeit Federal Reserve Notes, United States Notes, and Silver Certificates etc. which had previously been prohibited begin to come out of the woodwork after being "in the shadows" for up to several decades or even well over a century by then and start to show up at Numismatic dealers and on sites like eBay? I thought of this because I once visited a coin dealer which had a rogues gallery of fake silver dollars, gold bars, jewelry, and even a Series 1974 US five dollar bill. That confirmed to me that even if it is officially considered illegal to own such items, there must still be some floating around but away from circulation that the Feds haven't found yet. 




 There are some cars I see in their customized form more often than stock, and I often wonder about what perecentage of them are modified, and what percentage are still stock or close to stock. Examples include the Ford Model A coupe, 1940 Ford coupe, 1949 Mercury, Nissan Skyline (R32, R33, R34), Mazda Miata, as well as low trim versions of 60s-70s American coupes and convertibles which are often restored (cloned) to the specs and trim of a muscle car. 




 I hope the price doesn't attract any demo derby racers 




 - Marilyn Manson
- Sex Pistols
- GG Allin
- Wendy O. Williams
- Iggy Pop
- Alice Cooper
- Anal Cunt
- Cannibal Corpse
- Motorhead 














 Love these old box Panthers. Saw a pristine pre facelift LTD Crown Vic in burgundy with a white top today. The 88' facelift was really a styling downgrade. 




 - Ford Durango
- Pontiac Phoenix
- Nissan Axxess
- Austin America
- Subaru Brat 




 - Dodge St. Regis
- Isuzu Axiom
- Buick Apollo
- Oldsmobile Omega
- Mitsubishi Cordia 














 not many of these survive today and they weren't really popular when new. 









 1971-76 Big GM Convertibles usually go for under 15k, you can pick up a nice one for 8-10k.
[1974 Buick LeSabre] (http://hooniverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/1-089.jpg)
[1975 Olds Delta 88] (http://www.mcecars.com/images/bank/88%20Convt%20112.JPG) 









 Mercedes-Benz put velour into their cars too, and many American car designs of that era were loosely Rolls-Royce influenced (Lincolns being an example). 




 Any car over 20 years old is probably going to be unreliable, unsafe, gas guzzling, and spartanly equipped by modern standards, but do you have sources or experiences which prove that ALL these cars were garbage even when new and should be removed from the history books? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czYUZOlclSo how does garbage make it to 1.3 million miles? 




 That was a compact 




 An explanation, perhaps. 









 Most people seem to think they are ugly or don't look twice at them, but I love the style of these types of cars. They usually look like elegant, cleanly styled designs to my eyes. Many are also tough as nails. Ford LTD Crown Victoria, Chrysler Fifth Avenue, Chevrolet Caprice Classic, Oldsmobile 98, and Buick Regal are some examples. 




 By 2008, a lot of the ones I saw already had peeling paint. 














 Not like David Reimer, intersex people, the fafafine, or transsexual kids. What would happen to an otherwise physically normal biological boy who was dressed as, treated as, and made to live as a girl at least up until age 18 and developed puberty as a male? Would other children and adults, as well as the child themselves be able to tell she is a he at an early age, just later on, or not at all, how would the child be affected by it, and has there ever been a case of something like this actually happening? I might also make another post later on asking about vice versa. 









 I would say the 1996-03 Mitsubishi Galant 









 Go for a GM B body or Ford Panther 




 I actually think this Magnum is quite a good looking car for its era. If I had to choose between one of them, a slightly older Dart, and a Plymouth Duster, I would without question choose the Magnum due to rarity and obscurity alone. 




 Such underrated cars. Not very fast for a "sporty" car but quite stylish. 




 I really like the second picture. It looks like you are in the Pacific Northwest or Northern California. 









 Hard to tell the standard Bonnevilles from the Bonneville Broughams, though I will assume the coupe with no sunroof is not a Brougham. I was able to easily identify the trim packages of the Grand Prixs in a previous post. 




 I actually like most of the RWD land yachts, mid sizers, and personal luxury coupes of this era. Some of my personal favorites include,

- 1973-76 Buick LeSabre
- 1977-79 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham
- 1978-80 Pontiac Grand Prix
- 1979-87 Ford LTD Crown Victoria Coupe
- 1977-79 Lincoln Town Coupe 




 It just usually seems like the automotive enthusiast mainstream gives little attention to anything that came out of Detroit during those years besides the Buick GNX, Fox Body Mustangs, and 2nd gen F-Bodies. When cars of those years besides the three I mentioned show up at car shows I often notice their presence either ignored by most patrons or met with derision by those who choose to speak out loud. 














 The yellow one is a Sunbird, my mom's first car. 




 German cars use planned obsolescence. Lease or buy a Mercedes or BMW and your safe as long as the warranty is good, but after that they generally become money pits unless you are willing to let them turn into turds. 




 Due to the increasing popularity of hybrids, electric cars, and diesels, as well as future CAFE standards, gas prices may actually go down because of decreased demand. But we also don't know what the political situation of the Middle East will be by then. 




 I would say that a Bonneville Brougham from 79' was a better looking car than that year's Cadillac, and had the most clean, refined look out of all the 77-79 big GMs. 




 The first row cars are all Grand Prixs, base, SJ, and LJ from up to down. The third row are all Bonnevilles. The two big cars in the fourth row are Catalinas, the smaller ones are LeManses. It kind of bothers me sometimes how people today seem to forget that Pontiac made cars other than Trans Ams in the 70s and 80s. 














 I think some of these might be interesting to see get stanced,
-[1975 Nova](http://images1.americanlisted.com/nlarge/1976_chevrolet_nova_12018911.jpg)
- [Eurosport VR]
(http://i.wheelsage.org/pictures/chevrolet/celebrity/autowp.ru_chevrolet_celebrity_eurosport_vr_2.jpg)
- [Buick LeSabre] 
(http://carphotos.cardomain.com/ride_images/4/672/1829/39178414001_original.jpg?v=1) 




 I see a lot of E36 and E46 BMWs driving out of the subsidized housing development a few blocks away from me and around the neighborhoods that surround it. Most are either just plain beat or have been subjected to tasteless modifications like bling rims, fake M badges, and blacked out headlights. The 3s of these generations I see in the more affluent parts of town generally still look pretty close to new. 




 Interesting, never thought any cop cars came in the 4 door hardtop (pillarless) body style.  




 I hate seeing people turn these 70s Mopar barges into fantasy cop cars. 




 When today's cars eventually depreciate, deteriorate, and become beaters, how will they hold up. With their heavy use of plastics, flimsy metal, planned obsolescence, and electronic components I am not sure how economical it will be to keep say, a 2014 car in 2034 chugging along as "economical transportation". 




 That new GTO is actually a rebadged Holden. 
























 This was GG Allin's first band, which him, his brother, and some friends formed shortly after he graduated high school in 1975.  









 At a show recently, I saw a young couple appreciating a car I also took a good look at but was not given a much attention by most of the other patrons. It was a pristine 1977 Buick Regal coupe. Also, when we were looking for a parking spot, I overheard a little boy asking his grandpa why the late 80s Honda Accord he drove him there in wasn't in the show. 









 At shows where the cutoff is 25 years I do see an increasing number of 70's and 80's cars (many of which appear to still be daily driven). I sometimes hear people complain out loud, but it is kind of nice to see this "new generation" of classics gaining recognition, rather than looking at the same ol' muscle cars and hot rods. 




 I was expecting a "Highlex" to be something like this.
http://lexusenthusiast.com/2009/01/27/the-lexamino/ 









 Hassanal Bolikiah, Sultan of Brunei is probably a good example of a car hoarder. He owns up to 5000+ cars, mostly exotics and high end luxury cars, including some concepts and custom built cars. They, in many cases have been neglected due to the number of cars and climate. During the 1990's at least, he was the biggest buyer of Rolls-Royce and Bentley automobiles.
http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2011/03/the-sultan-of-bruneis-rotting-supercar-collection/ 




 In some parts of the world, it must still be quite common. I've  traveled to the Bahamian island of Exuma, where the most common surnames belong to many, many residents and can be seen everywhere, on storefronts, in the local newspapers, and on the nametags of waiters. 









 I've seen pictures of that LTD. Head on, it looks more like a Chrysler Cordoba than anything else ever sold in the US, but the grill from that was likely also RR influenced. 




 I had a matchbox model of the Town Car shown above as a kid and for a long time thought it was a Rolls-Royce. I also had a Hot Wheels Chrysler 300 when I was a few years older which I thought was a Rolls or Bentley until I saw the actual car on the road. The 300 was not as crude of a model as the Lincoln, though. http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20081228021146/matchbox/images/4/41/Lincoln_Town_Car_-_B6457cf.jpg 




 I see a loose Rolls influence in the Buick's roofline and grille, though there may be better examples I could have chosen. The later Silver Spirit and the Cadillac and Lincoln Town Car images I used share more similarities. 




 These two very different types of cars share similar styling cues. They are all big, boxy, bulky, and generally have four square headlights and a radiator grille. The roofline and grille, as well as other cues of the Silver Shadow (1967-80) appears to have influenced the 1977-90 GM B/C/D bodies and 79-91 Ford Panthers. This I guess was to make the cars more luxurious looking and keep up with the Europeans with little effort, kind of like a reverse of what Mercedes-Benz tried to do by adding fintails to their cars.

Silver Shadow/Wraith: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Shadow#mediaviewer/File:1979_RR_Silver_Wraith_II_Greenwich.jpg

Buick LeSabre: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buick_LeSabre#mediaviewer/File:77-79_Buick_LeSabre_sedan.jpg

The design of the Silver Spirit (debuted in 1980) actually appears to be influenced by the American cars instead of the other way around. Perhaps this was to appeal to the American market and create an elegant yet understated and conservative look. The quad headlights, used mainly on US spec exports add greatly to the resemblance.

Rolls Silver Spirit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit#mediaviewer/File:1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg

The 1980+ Cadillac DeVille/Fleetwood, and the 1980-89 Lincoln Town Car which were respectively facelifted and introduced the same year as the Silver Spirit came into production featured a front end strikingly similar, but with less presence than the Rolls. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Cadillac_DeVille#mediaviewer/File:%2783_Cadillac_DeVille_(Auto_classique_VACM_Chambly_%2713).JPG

Town Car: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Town_Car#mediaviewer/File:1st-Lincoln-Town-Car.jpg The edges, roofline, and taillight assembly of the Lincoln are also vaguely Rolls like.

Some of the cars which came 1-10 years before the "box" era of American sedans also had a clear Rolls-Royce influence which was carried over, but not to the same extent yet. Continental Mark III: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Continental_Mark_III#mediaviewer/File:69MarkIIIa.jpg

The resemblance seems to be hiding in plain sight and Silver Spirits have always seemed to me like very ordinary looking cars for what they are. Also, the styling cues are similar but create a very different effect. The Rolls-Royce is unmistakably British, but the Cadillacs, Lincolns, Buicks, and Caprices all have the stance of an American turnpike cruiser. Also, both categories of automobile offer far different interpretations of luxury. The Rolls Royces and Bentleys are hand made, understated, ultra luxury rarities, while the American land yachts are mass produced, and often ostentatious. The materials were also different, a Rolls would often have real wood trim, fine leather, and alloy wheels, while a Lincoln would likely have fake wood, velour, faux wire wheels, and opera windows. So similar yet so different. 




 I realize our usernames are phonetically the same. I consider "You Hate me and I Hate You" to be one of GG's best, most catchy, and most recognized songs, so this username is the one I chose, not already knowing of yours. 














 The materials too made a difference, no Rolls, Benz, or BMW featured the kind of obvious fake wood, imitation wire wheels, and velour Detroit seemed to favor at the time. 




 These two very different types of cars share similar styling cues. They are all big, boxy, bulky, and generally have four square headlights and a radiator grille.
The roofline and grille, as well as other cues of the Silver Shadow (1967-80) appears to have influenced the 1977-90 GM B/C/D bodies and 79-91 Ford Panthers. This I guess was to make the cars more luxurious looking and keep up with the Europeans with little effort, kind of like a reverse of what Mercedes-Benz tried to do by adding fintails to their cars.

Silver Shadow/Wraith: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Shadow#mediaviewer/File:1979_RR_Silver_Wraith_II_Greenwich.jpg

Buick LeSabre: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buick_LeSabre#mediaviewer/File:77-79_Buick_LeSabre_sedan.jpg

The design of the Silver Spirit (debuted in 1980) actually appears to be influenced by the American cars instead of the other way around. Perhaps this was to appeal to the American market and create an elegant yet understated and conservative look. The quad headlights, used mainly on US spec exports add greatly to the resemblance.

Rolls Silver Spirit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit#mediaviewer/File:1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg

The 1980+ Cadillac DeVille/Fleetwood, and the 1980-89 Lincoln Town Car which were respectively facelifted and introduced the same year as the Silver Spirit came into production featured a front end strikingly similar, but with less presence than the Rolls.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Cadillac_DeVille#mediaviewer/File:%2783_Cadillac_DeVille_(Auto_classique_VACM_Chambly_%2713).JPG

Town Car: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Town_Car#mediaviewer/File:1st-Lincoln-Town-Car.jpg
The edges, roofline, and taillight assembly of the Lincoln are also vaguely Rolls like.

Some of the cars which came 1-10 years before the "box" era of American sedans also had a clear Rolls-Royce influence which was carried over, but not to the same extent yet.
Continental Mark III: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Continental_Mark_III#mediaviewer/File:69MarkIIIa.jpg

The resemblance seems to be hiding in plain sight and Silver Spirits have always seemed to me like very ordinary looking cars for what they are. Also, the styling cues are similar but create a very different effect. The Rolls-Royce is unmistakably British, but the Cadillacs, Lincolns, Buicks, and Caprices all have the stance of an American turnpike cruiser. Also, both categories of automobile offer far different interpretations of luxury. The Rolls Royces and Bentleys are hand made, understated, ultra luxury rarities, while the American land yachts are mass produced, and often ostentatious. So similar yet so different. 




 No Dodge St. Regises 




 These Novas did have a loosely Euro inspired look 









 The Japanese do maintain their cars very well 









 Cadillac ATS, CTS, DTS, Lincoln Town Car, MKZ, Volvo S80 would be more obscure choices. Perhaps also higher mileage, Mercedes E, S class, BMW 5, 7 series, Audi A4, A6. 




 Late 70s early 80s Dodge Charger, Mirada, or Magnum 




 Just this year, first year R32 Nissan Skylines began turning 25. This means that they can now be imported to the United States. I was expecting to see a few out at car meets or on the road now that the weather is getting nicer. So far I have seen none. With the desirability and iconic status of the Nissan Skyline, I was expecting them to begin flooding the country, but perhaps most of them are on the west coast (I'm in NY metro).  




 "Quieter than a Rolls-Royce" was a tagline used in Ford's advertisements for the LTD. 




 I think that your 81 Newport deserves a better fate than being demo derbied. Only 3622 were produced that year, and less are around now. Hold onto it or fix it up, I'd buy it from you if I could. You may be in possession of a future collectors item. 




 Exactly what I forget to add when I was posting the cars I found. These are not new cars, they have all seen a lot of travel and will have rust, mechanical maladies, cosmetic issues etc., so be prepared for what can happen. 




 Found these, a few are a couple years newer than 1969 but similar to models available that year or slightly over 5k.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/ford/ranchero/1655451.html - $2500 1965 Ford Ranchero (Falcon based "pickup car")

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/amc/rambler/1653038.html - $4600 1963 Rambler Sedan, boring to me, but pristine.

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Mercedes-Benz-200-Series-Coupe-1972-Mercedes-Benz-250c-Coupe-/151318427333?forcerrptr=true hash=item233b47f6c5 item=151318427333 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - $3,795 BIN 1972 Mercedes 250C Coupe, it's a little newer than 69' but these W115 series coupes are elegant and overlooked.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/oldsmobile/super_88/1618880.html - $3,950 1960 Olds Super 88 Sedan - Oldsmobile seems to generally be an ignored brand for collectors, it's in New Mexico so probably rust free.

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Buick-Skylark-Base-Sedan-4-Door-1971-Buick-Skylark-hardtop-4-Door-350-4-barrel-/111369950310?forcerrptr=true hash=item19ee2a9466 item=111369950310 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - 5k 1971 Buick Skylark Sedan. Nice color!

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Chevrolet-Bel-Air-150-210-Chevy-Bel-Air-Sedan-Nice-6cyl-3sd-1963-Chevrolet-Bel-Air-Sedan-Survivor-/121355789111?forcerrptr=true hash=item1c415e6337 item=121355789111 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - 1963 Chevy Bel Air Sedan, not in great shape, but suitable for daily driving.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/pontiac/grand_ville/1653437.html - $5,395 1971 Pontiac Grand Ville Coupe, I'm a sucker for in your face land yachts, though this isn't my favorite year for Pontiac.
  




 Four door sedans and some station wagons from the 50s-60s can generally be had for less than the same model in a coupe or convertible. Classic Buicks, Oldsmobiles, Mercurys, AMCs, ad Ramblers are also generally undervalued. Many American cars of the mid 1970's through the 80's also sell for far less than their older counterparts, but aren't seen as classics by all. Some classic Mercedes-Benz, Rolls, and Bentley sedans are also surprisingly cheap. You have a lot of options but it would be good to know what your price range is. 




 1985-91 GM C, H body cars. These include the Buick LeSabre, Olds 88/98, and Cadillac DeVille. 




 They both had mental illnesses, or appeared to, sang shocking, gory, or sexual lyrics, had unique on stage behavior, were outsiders in their scenes, and recorded much of their music in poor quality. Besides the traits of their music and performances, they were both individualists, drank heavily, and got in trouble with the law. Hasil and GG also never got the level of recognition they deserved IMO.

Here's an old documentary for those who don't know about him: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDyxKLwQ-6I 




 Clips of GG during his early career are featured in this video. When I first heard this song, it sounded familiar. 









 For me it's large, boxy late 70s-80s American cars 









 Big 60s Pontiacs are among my favorites 




 Happy to see you haven't turned it into a GTO clone. 




 The music by them which I've heard seemed to be made solely for shock value, and to the point of ridiculousness. Edgy and boring seem like a strange combination. 




 This band was led by El Duce, who pioneered "rape rock" and were guests on Jerry Springer in the early 90s. 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshanna_Lonstein_Gruss He began dating her while she was a 17 year old high school student, he was 38. The age of consent in NY is 17. 




 This was Joe Strummer's band before The Clash 









 Put the link up, thought I had cut and pasted it when I originally posted. 




 By then they are legal in some states, just ask Jerry Seinfeld. 




 I see 37 year old guys looking at 17 year old girls in that kind of way all the time, but I can tell how this would be a little different. 




 At 25 years old, a vehicle is eligible for historical license plates in most US states, classic car insurance if it is seldom driven, and may be imported without needing compliance modification if originally intended for an international market. 




 The paint looks good considering how bad everything else is 




 looks like a 1967 Chevrolet Impala fastback coupe 









 Not necessarily classic by most definitions other than age, but those corollas and civics have made it beyond what their lifespan was likely predicted to be. Japanese cars, American full size sedans, Mercedes Benzes, and Volvos do seem to make up the bulk of 25-35 year old cars I still see daily driven or used as beaters. 




 Looking for numbers, I still see some all the time, but more so when I have traveled to drier climates. 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDFeZb2f9wg Extremely different from his later music. This has got to be the least "scumfuc" of any of GG's work. 




 Were you somewhere in the UAE? 




 The New Yorker of this generation had some of the most awkward looking rear doors (when opened) to hold it's opera windows. https://www.flickr.com/photos/that_chrysler_guy/7801108996/ 




 The styling and performance seemed respectable for cars of that era and size, but like Dinahmoe said, Chrysler Corporation's financial troubles turned potential buyers off and negatively impacted quality control. The fact that the R platform was developed on a limited budget would explain why only 4 door sedans were available, no coupes or station wagons. Also, unlike the M-bodies which outlived them and became the new flagship sedans, these were true full size cars. 




 Anything else notable in there? 




 I have only ever seen one in person, a brown Gran Fury, but I couldn't get an up close look. Only about five have shown up in my searches of eBay, Craigslist and similar sites in the past four years. They seem to now be some of the most forgotten cars to ever come out of Detroit. 




 These would be the Dodge St. Regis, Plymouth Gran Fury, Chrysler New Yorker, and Chrysler Newport produced between 1979-81. 




 I love those two green Country Squires 









 I mean a very similar one to yours or someone who you were waiting for. 


































 I meant to write 540i, not 545i 




 - Just about anything with a rare manual (such as Jaguar X-Type, Mercedes W140)
- Any obscure JDM sports car or sport model that was never exported (such as Toyota Mark II GT Twin Turbo, 1990 Mazda Cosmo)
- 70's-80's American luxury cars (such as Lincoln Continental, Pontiac Bonneville Brougham)
- Anything with some sort of connection to an iconic car that may increase in value and decrease in accessibility (such as 1978 Buick Regal Turbo Coupe, BMW E34 545i with M Sport Package. 









 I'm imagining that passing on the left in an RHD is kind of like passing on the right in an LHD. Is this correct?  









 They get most of the coolest cars and variants from their own manufacturers, but the inspection system or Shaken, is brutal on modified cars and older cars. The inspection also becomes more expensive as the car gets older too. 
























 Peugeot certainly has a better chance of (re)entering the US market than all those random Chinese car brands that will occasionally announce plans to sell cars in the US but never do. 




 Chevelle SS wagons were only made from the factory for 73'. For all other years only non-SS wagons were available. This is a case of automotive gene splicing. 









 Wanting the real deal instead of a similar looking import could also be the reason why so few Europeans buy Lexus. 




 [Here is] (http://www.auto-types.com/images/_autonews/2011-Volkswagen-Passat-USA-side-view_86.jpg) my [rebuttal](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Chevrolet-impala-2006.jpg). It's mainly in the profile. The Passat you linked the image of is the rest of the world model, which is different from the US and China model, known internally as the Passat NMS. 




 It seems confusing for me to imagine the company executives talking to each other about how a car is "too American for Americans", but your probably right. Although, the current Volkswagen Passat (US and China model) resembles a previous generation Chevy Impala more than any other VAG car and people buy that. 




 The following wouldn't look out of place on US streets in their respective eras. I would imagine that a car that looks more similar to the domestic competition would sell a bit better.

[S110 Toyota Crown](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fd/Toyota_Crown_S110_first_registered_in_UK_April_1982_2759cc.JPG)

[Nissan Gloria](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Nissan_Grolia_A30_001.JPG)

[Nissan Laurel](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/C230Laurelsedan.jpg)

[Mazda Luce Legato](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/Mazda_929L_Front.jpg) 




 They might still need to be converted to US standards, but that might not work out the best. Not sure how popular they would be, since in most of the first world countries that already have them, such as Australia their market share is low, dealer networks are small, and people have learned that they are crap. 




 A large number of Chinese cars on dealer lots would be a red flag (pun intended). 





























 Can't sleep clown will eat me 




 Years ago back in middle school a classmate told me a story about a girl who decided to go out at night and sit on a tombstone, after being told that doing so would wake the dead. While she was doing so, a tree branch fell on her. This scared her to death because she thought the branch was one of the undead grabbing her. Is there any truth to this, is it a popular urban legend, or just something the kid made up? I'm thinking it was probably made up since I can't find anything about it after doing a google search. 














 The diarrhea of sick people 
























 Dirt 




 For example, if someone went back in time to assassinate Hitler, would it be "our" Hitler who was killed, or "somebody else's" Hitler.
 




 I said "like nothing built today". 




 Someone fucked his sister. 



















 Daily driver of pleasure car? Either way it's nice to see someone out there who is enthusiastic about these cars and wants to keep one of their own on the road. So many people write off these boxy full size domestics as dowdy and uninspiring, but they do have a unique character and presence like nothing built today, except for perhaps a Toyota Century. 



















 Perhaps, I'm sure that years before the JDM craze occurred some US soldiers stationed over there probably purchased local cars and imported them back home when their service was over. 









 Ten years too late 



















 So Justin Bieber, Blair Witch copycats, and Real Housewives. 









 Ill start with the original Infiniti Q45. The quality, ride, performance, and reliability were all fine enough for it to compete with Lexus, Acura, and the Germans. But they were never able to get the grill right for it to have the same appeal for most buyers. 









 Americans need a brand with a luxury reputation to view a car as prestigious, but in other countries a single car in a large brand's model range can be. This is why the VW Phaeton, Mazda 929, and Toyota Crown, which all had or have a luxury image in their home market failed here. In other countries, people are able to understand that not all Mercedes-Benzes are luxury cars (E-Class taxi, A-Class hatchback), yet some cars from brands that also sell economy cars are (Toyota Century, Hyundai Equus). Does the fact that Volkswagen sells Golfs too actually make a 12 cylinder, hand built, $70k Luxo barge any less luxurious or advanced than the A8 which shares much of it's same technology, materials, and mechanicals. 














 I think the average transaction price of Land Rover as a whole is probably higher than the average transaction price of BMW or Audi. 














 I'll  say it's this, based on name recognition and perception of prestige, but your free to organize them in any way you think is fit.

Exotic

1. Bugatti
2. Ferrari
3. Lamborghini
4. McLaren
5. Koenigsegg/Noble (tied)
6. Aston Martin

Ultra luxury

7. Rolls-Royce
8. Bentley
9. Maybach

Top tier mid-level

10. Porsche
11. Jaguar
12. Land Rover
13. Mercedes-Benz
14. BMW
15. Audi
16. Lexus

Mid-level

17. Cadillac
18. Infiniti 
19. Acura
20. Alfa Romeo

Semi luxury/mix of luxury and economy cars in lineup

20. Lincoln
21. Buick
22. Volvo
23. Chrysler
24. Hyundai
25. Volkswagen
26. Mini
26. Kia 














 Candle Cove 




 I am asking if there are isolated communities where the locals are either extremely hostile and antisocial towards outsiders or where inbreeding, alcoholism, drug use, mental illness, eccentricity, religious fanaticism, or a combination of these qualities results in a sizeable number of residents whose appearance or behavior makes people who don't know them fearful, whether they should be or not. 









 In America, yes. But in more homogenous countries such as Japan, Albania, or Nigeria it must be an event that takes place much later on for most, at least in person. 














 I faintly remember part of it from when I was a little kid. 




 As biological males, these "female" athletes should probably clobber the teams made up of real women with their larger muscles, larger bodies, and testosterone. 




 I've read about Oniontown before, but the legend is far bigger than the reality and most of the stories are embellished here say. 




 By this I mean they don't have and never had a birth certificate, social security number, or other documents. 




 Are they future serial killers or just imitating hunters? 




 I decided to look at the prices for G25s in my area and found plenty within the 25-45k mile range that were nearly all selling for prices in the mid teens through low twenties. This seems like an enormous bargain for a 2-3 year old luxury sport sedan with average mileage that looks a lot like the current model (renamed Q40). Besides the smaller engine size, is there anything that turns people off from these cars and keeps prices low? 














 Was looking at the MBUSA website and scrolling through their models. An E63 coupe was not listed. This seems confusing to me, as there are AMG versions of the C class coupe, CL, as well as the E sedan and wagon. Shouldn't an E63 coupe be built since coupes are typically associated with sportiness and the CLK which it replaced was made available as an AMG in the past? 




 This thing is ungainly as fudge. Lincoln Towncar Grill, Cadillac Seville? doors, cartoonish proportions.

- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15207609572/
- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15208005725/in/photostream/ 




 Old people who drive slow or have forgotten the rules of the road driving pretty much anything, but when I notice a Mercury Grand Marquis, Lincoln, Buick, or Cadillac DTS, I'm usually on alert. I try not to honk at them. 




 It could be worth more money in the future, but there is no way of telling for sure. People are now asking stupid money for Datsun 510s, which when they were at the age a 91' Accord is now were just old, low value imports quite like yours. 









 Hyundai makes a better Mercedes alternative today than Ford tried to back in the 70's. 




 I thought of this question because yesterday I saw a 90s era 9C1 Caprice being used for patrolling by my county's PD, complete with the old style paint design. I was quite suprised that they would still be using a car in their fleet that had been discontinued almost 20 years ago, especially since most of their other vehicles I see are relatively new. 




 Somebody doesn't want you to recognize the backdrop. 









 What about a game show, Win DeNiro's Dinero. Kind of like Win Ben Stein's Money. 




 Studebaker 




 For example, even the sporty Mercury Marauder and Chevrolet Impala SS were only offered with an automatic.
Also worth noting, in 1971, GM eliminated manuals from their full-size cars, as they didn't sell well enough, even in the most bare bones of Chevrolets. This surprises me because back then manuals were probably more popular than they are now, and many people whom had grown up driving big cars with manuals like it was no big deal were still alive. 
























 Not that I have to, but most people immediately junk a car when it stops running, I think you could get more money by selling the parts off it. Especially when scrap metal prices are low. 




 How do writers name movie, TV, book, play, etc. characters? Some are funny names, some are realistic, some are based on the names of the actors who play them, some are based on people known by the cast, some are meant to match the appearance of the character, and many are a mystery. 














 Short lived car trading card series.

- [Article with complete list](http://www.dailyturismo.com/2014/08/coffee-brake-topps-autos-of-77.html)

- [eBay results](http://www.ebay.com/sch/items/?_nkw=topps+%22autos+of+77%22 _sacat= _ex_kw= _mPrRngCbx=1 _udlo= _udhi= _sop=12 _fpos= _fspt=1 _sadis= LH_CAds=) 




 One of the most bizarre looking cars to be built in America. 














 Sometimes they can be a pain in the ass, especially when they hide your posts. Like death and taxes, they will never go away, but no matter how much you downvote them they can't do anything about it. It's called passive aggressiveness. 














 This is a very random and surprising choice of vehicle for Bozosoku. 







































 The expressionless 




 Most recently, a hooded figure in the corner of a hotel room during sleep paralysis. I also sometimes see ones of different shapes and sizes, walking slowly, occasionally with faint red eyes in the dark of night while awake, though more often when I was a child. One I remember well at age 7 or 8 appeared to have the shape of a large man with a small head I saw while I was living at my granddads house. Seeing them as a kid was terrifying, though they left me alone and stayed on the other side of the room. Seeing them today isn't as scary but still unsettling. 




 BTW, these shape shifters aren't the only shadow figures I've seen. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 









 I personally would rather see Woody Allen and GG Allin perform together, but GG is dead. 




 When I was between the ages of 5-10 I would often see shadowy figures, red eyes, and strange faces or creatures in my room when it was dark that weren't really there. When the lights went on these would disappear or become completely innocent items, but I was often too afraid to move. When the closet was left open, it would be worse. My mind still occasionally plays tricks on me in the dark, but now I know better. 









 In what area (town, city, neighborhood, etc.) do you seem to see the coolest cars when you go there? 









 1971-76 GM full size cars. These are big, big land yachts like Buick Electras, Olds 98s, Cadillac DeVilles, and Chevrolet Caprices. Fomoco's Lincoln Continentals of 70-79 are also very nice. 









 - W222 S65
- W211 E63
- W124 AMG Hammer
- C126 560SEC
- W108 300SEL 6.3  














 Nice survivor Grand Prix! A shame it didn't get much love over on r/classiccars. 




 I don't like thinking of people with disabilities or deformities as creepy, even if that may sometimes be my gut reaction. 




 Not that creepy by itself IMO, but it vaguely reminds me of Dren and would probably be terrifying in the dark or as a silhouette. 




 A is suicidal and happened to be held at gunpoint. When this happens, A does not comply, as he figures this is his opportunity to get killed without having to do it himself. B, is the gunman, his gun turns out to either be fake or empty of ammunition. After this happens, A, decides to run and hide. He calls the police to report being held at gunpoint by B and soon decides he no longer wants to die. What would the odds of this happening for real? 




 The Mercedes-Benz CLS shooting brake is another great car we cant get in America. 




 Full size, RWD, V8, American cars and four door hardtops. 




 Which were the five that cost under $400 and which one of the ten under $700 likely cost the most when new? 









 Would this fall into the uncanny valley? It's like looking at artificial life forms or aliens that have shapeshifted to look human. 




 I imagine him looking like a combination of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and GG Allin. 




 80's and 90's Acura Legend = modern Honda Accord 




 This beats the guy a few towns over from me who owns like 6 80's Oldsmobile Cutlass Supremes. 




 There's still the 2 door Range Rover Evoque and Jeep Wrangler. 




 My neighborhood is a real mixed bag,

- Maserati Quattroporte, 1957 Ford Thunderbird, Shelby Cobra Replica, 1966 Ford Mustang (next door on the left)
- Lexus ES300 (Next door on the right, hasn't been registered in almost 2 years) There is a makeshift mechanic shop being run there and a lot of other pieces of junk come and go.
- 90's Suburban
- 90s Ford Escort
- Lexus LS400 (used to have a bad suspension)
- POS white Toyota Tacoma (Like the ones the terrorists drive) 
- Mercedes E350 (brand new 6 months ago)
- Matte green Mercedes 190D
- Mercedes W126 and W140 S Classes
- 2009-present Chevrolet Malibu
- Late 2000s BMW X5
- E90 BMW 328i (belongs to a guy that lives in a basement apartment)
- Two BMW E36s and an E46
- Third Gen Camaro RS Convertible
- Mercury Grand Marquis missing it's front bumper for over a year
- 90s Lincoln Town Car
- 90s Ford Explorer
- 90s Acura Legend
- 3 Late 90s-early 00s Honda Civics
- Three Toyota Corollas and a Camry
- Three older Nissan Maximas, and a current model Altima
- There used to be an 80's Chevrolet Monte Carlo SS, Lamborghini Countach, and a Plymouth Gran Fury. 




 - Hyundai Genesis = Oldsmobile 88
- Hyundai Equus = Oldsmobile 98 




 Not necessarily of the same nameplate or manufacturer, but they should occupy a similar purpose, size, price range, market segment, or have similar aesthetics. 




 How would someone who has been isolated from the outside world for a decade or more, such as an ex con, kidnapping victim, or prisoner of war adapt to the times when they re enter society? For example, if somebody had been confined from the outside world for 20 years and were released today, they would likely be bewildered by the changes that have taken place in technology, world affairs, their own family, and other things. Would such a person have to catch up with what has happened during all this time they missed or end up "living in the past"? 




 Sorry if I caused any offense with this post. I am an American who has never been to Sweden and have only second hand knowledge of car culture over there. 




 V8, 4WD, tow package, heavy duty cooling system, heavy duty brakes, heavy duty battery, 160 amp alternator (standard model has 105), and available spotlights. 




 Corolla or Saturn 




 If you want to bring it back in at least 4 years under the 25 year rule, it will have to currently be 21 years old or older, which limits you to cars from 1993 or earlier, assuming the current petition to decrease the rule on personal imports to the US to 15 years is not successful. If you choose a newer car that was also available stateside, you can legally import it, but will have to drop more than it's worth into making it conform to North American regs. There is also the two more extreme options of importing a car under Show   Display (most of these are very rare or expensive and cannot legally be driven over 2500 miles a year) or getting a job that will entitle you to the benefit of Diplomatic Immunity. Otherwise you may be at risk of getting the car seized and possibly crushed by the DHS like they did with a number of Land Rover Defenders last month. 




 3500 sounded reasonable until I saw the miles. Very few of these cars are left without everything from the Pep Boys catalog added on, abuse that goes beyond normal wear, and a significant accident or theft history. 




 A used Chevy Tahoe with the Special Service Package can be picked up for about that or lower with below 80k at a Police or Government Surplus auction. 




 Perhaps a Chevy El Camino or Jeep Comanche. The El Camino is pretty simple, should get better mileage since it's car based, and will hopefully be cheap since they were last built in 1988. The Jeep Comanche, last built in 92' is also older and probably on par with the Baja in terms of rarity, but is based on the XJ Cherokee, which is one of the most reliable and sought after Jeeps of the recent past. The XJ is popular among off roaders and were produced from 1984-2001 in large numbers, so finding replacement parts and aftermarket support should be easy. 




 Porsche Cayenne (used), Porsche Macan (new) 




 These cars are part of the Raggare subculture, but most Raggarbil are customs or pristine classics, these clapped up superbeaters are comparatively small in numbers. 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden (Raggare). But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

[Here is a video of some of these cars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded)
 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden. But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

- [Here is a video of some of these cars] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded) 









 Saw the thumbnail and thought it was going to be a dead roach 




 I googled Smart Car price, it starts at 13k 





























 Probably has a Mercedes engine. 




 I find it kind of bizarre to see 67 ads for DeSotos and 132 for Volgas on the same site. 









 Hand built, expensive materials, fine wood and leather, state of the art technology and entertainment system, complex engineering, and custom options. 









 Infiniti G25x/35x/37x should be available in that price range has AWD. 




 You could probably buy something 5-15 years old with under 100k for $9,000 or less if it belonged to a senior citizen. 




 1980-83 Lincoln Mark VI. A smaller, boxier derivative of the earlier Mark V. It was the first and only Mark Series available as both a sedan and a coupe. Today, they are among the rarest of the Panther platform cars. 




 Honda Fit, Toyota Yaris, Mazda 2 would be a few more options. A 150k modern car can still be reliable and if you are just driving to the train station, mileage shouldn't matter as much. 




 A number of Cadillacs look RWD when they are actually FWD. The DTS, XTS, 1994-99 DeVille, 1972-78 Eldorado, and 1979-85 Eldorado. 









 Don't forget about the old non-American made vehicles there, Soviet and European mostly. Not sure how big the market for 70s-90s Soviet vehicles is in the US, but if you want a Lada 2101, Niva, Volga, or Chaika and are in the U.S., I would imagine that importing one from Cuba would be easier than from Europe since it's closer. They should be cheap when all the other collectors are in a frenzy for 50s American cars. There is also that rumor about a Mercedes 300SL Gullwing sitting under a banana tree. If the Gullwing isn't too far gone, that should be a seven-digit car.

I also wonder how cars from today, or even 20 years ago will seen to a Cuban who has been driving an old jalopy all their life. Going from driving a 57' to even an 87' car is a big change, so a 2015 model may feel space age. 




 I am planning to renounce my American citizenship within 10 years. I originally planned on going on a trip to Cuba to celebrate no longer being American, but seeing as Cuba may become open to Americans by the time I renounce it, I would like some other suggestions. I am looking to celebrate by doing something that U.S. citizens cannot do, and likely in a place where U.S. citizens cannot go. 




 Dodge St. Regis, Merkur XR4ti 









 1979 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham 




 How highly illegal is it there? In the US, most traffic violations are considered low tier misdemeanors. 




 Crown Vic, Mercury Grand Marquis, Lincoln Town Car, W body Imapla, Taurus/Sable, Saturns, 10-15 y/o Buicks. You might be able to get something a little nicer if it was built in the 80s or 90s. Aim for cars owned by elderly people, as they tend to be well maintained with low miles. 




 The 80s Quattroporte is blander, http://www.curbsideclassic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/IMG_0306.jpg 









 They say desperation is the mother of creativity. 




 You mean because boxy 70s-80s American cars are colloquially known as "boxes"? 




 But the Toyota Hilux seems to be the truck that has become stereotypically associated with Middle Eastern terrorists. 









 70s-80s RWD,boxy, full-size American cars. (E.g. Caprice Classic, LTD Crown Victoria, Chrysler Fifth Avenue). Most enthusiasts disregard these cars as bland and stodgy, but I actually think they should be looked at on the same level as W123s and Volvo 240s. Just like those European cars, these cars are also boxy, conservative, slow, un-sporty, and simple to work on. I like the earlier oversized versions too, but these seem to be more notably made fun of. 









 I find it ironic that these terrorists would choose to use a Ford truck if they are so vehemently anti-American. 









 Interesting, both are cars sold in Canada, but never the US. 









 Mercedes-Benz 560SEC and 1979 Lincoln Town Coupe 




 OP didn't specify the type of title, but I guess this Passat could have come to that point where minor damage can result in being totaled because of its low value. 




 Wow! Never thought a running car that cheap could be anything other than a 35 year old, dirty, beat up, unreliable POS that makes the owner look like they live in the poorhouse. 









 Chrysler R-Body cars. 




 GG Allin 




 Today it is not unusual to see a 1980s or 90s car in regular use depending on where you are, but how common was it to see cars continue to be used at this age in the past? For example 30s cars in the 50s or 50s cars in the 70s. 




 Mercedes E class coupe 4Matic, Toyota Supra and Celica Alltrac, Nissan Skyline GTR. 




 Chrysler 300 and Mercedes W126, 1990-93 Infiniti Q45 and 1992-94 Ford Crown Victoria, 1980-89 Lincoln Town Car and Rolls-Royce Silver Spirit. 









 1996 - Either Brabus 7.3S W140 or Brabus E V12 W210 




 This is the era when most on this subreddit say there were few, if any good American cars to choose from, but I dissagree. 









 As well as it's stablemates, the supercharged Olds 98 and LSS, and the supercharged Pontiac Bonneville SSEi 









 - 40s 1941 Cadillac Model 62 convertible
- 50s 1959 Chevrolet Impala coupe
- 60s 1963 Pontiac Bonneville coupe
- 70s 1979 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham coupe
- 80s Mercedes-Benz 190E 2.5 16V (or 560SEC)
- 90s Toyota Century
- 00s 2000-03 Toyota Crown Athlete V
- 10s Mercedes-Benz S65 AMG
 




 Late 60's Olds Toronado or Cadillac Eldorado 




 It does seem like cars of this type are very easy to find with low miles and there are likely more nice examples than there is demand. These late 70's land yachts don't have the same cache or icon status as those from the 50's and 60's. I have noticed many are now being exported to Europe, possibly for their lower prices here and uniqueness over there. At what point in the future, if ever might this be considered an appropriate price?


Here's another similarly priced 79', but MJC cars are typically way overpriced, http://www.mjcclassiccars.com/1979-pontiac-bonneville-landau/ 









 The Olds Cutlass Supreme diesel was pretty dreadful even for it's time, especially in sedan form. 









 We have seen quite a few "what older car still looks current/has aged the best" threads, so what about the reverse? 




 Mercedes C65 AMG 




 1960 Chevrolet Impala Sport Coupe, Toyota Century, Mercedes-Benz E63 AMG S 




 Malaise era American cars. They will be easier to get going again than new cars and by then there will not be anyone alive who remembers how bad they were when new. 









 The 1.8l 90hp 4cyl engine in the R32 Nissan Skyline GXi. 




 It seems that way, especially since R32 Skylines and E30 Tourings are now legal, with more coming soon. I have seen companies claiming to have imported hundreds of cars using this rule. In say, 2004, when 1979 cars became legal to import how much did the number of 25+ year old foreign cars being imported to the US compare to the current numbers? 




 It's a shame the Olds Diesel was such a terrible engine, because diesel-powered full sized American cars seem like a good idea. How are there any still running? 




 Nice, Lexus is really stepping up their game, but having to put a front license plate on is gonna suck. 




 Actually it is because when I go into Queens and Brooklyn, I tend to see a lot of dilapidated 10-20 year old MBs, BMWs, and Lexuses that seem to be driven by people who don't have the money to maintain them, so they just become beaters and eventually lawn ornaments. Small parts for a ten year old S-Class Mercedes can go for hundreds of dollars, or at least a very high amount compared to a 10 year old midrange car. I can see the cost of parts and service, as well as gas causing a lot of problems for the low or even average income owner of an older, high mileage luxury car. Those who know better avoid these cars because of their running costs which makes them dirt cheap to buy for people who know nothing about cars and don't do research before buying. I always think of different questions that I can post here or other subreddits while I am bored or daydreaming. 
























 There seems to be far more ten year old cars that still look up to date today than there were ten years ago. 




 G25, Q45, LS430, W220, DTS 




 Acura TL, VW Phaeton 




 - BMW 3 Series
- W203/204 C-Class Mercedes
- Infiniti Q45
- 2002-08 Acura TL
- First year Jaguar XFs are getting cheap 




 I've heard about them too. These are actually US market Pontiac G8s, GTOs, and SSes that have been rebodied as utes/Maloos or converted into Commodores. They have all that is needed to comply with US regs. Everything from the Australian cars fits right on to one of the US cars since they are all rebadged Holdens. 




 The R34 is one that will not be importable until 2023, but yes, the early 90s includes some of the most sought after forbidden fruits. This is the list of federalization-eligible cars, some of which are now over 25 years old: http://www.nhtsa.gov/CARS/RULES/IMPORT/elig101012c.pdf. I once remember hearing that in 1995 less than 300 cars were imported this way. There is a W210 Mercedes with out of state plates which appears to be euro spec that I have seen around these parts from time to time. Not sure if it is a legal import, illegal import, or US model that has been converted to look like a Euro car. 
























 But I mean with the same characters and setting. 









 The shooting brake CLS and all generations of the C wagon except for the W203 are not available in the US or Canada. The CLA shooting brake is not planned to arrive on our shores either. I mean "convert" as in bring over a wagon body, take the sedan body from the US spec car off the chassis, and replace it with the wagon body. Though this may sound very hard to do and far fetched, I'm actually surprised I can't find any evidence of anyone here doing so. There is a company in Colorado that converts the Pontiac G8, GTO and Chevy SS into a Holden Ute (Australian pickup car) by doing this and I have seen pictures of S-Class sedans with SEC/CL front clips, as well as a W124 with a W210 front. With this Colorado company claiming to have done over 30 conversions and having stumbled across all sorts of Mercedes frankencars online, it surprises me that I haven't found this yet. I'm sure a CLA45, C63 or CLS63 AMG converted to a wagon would probably be a major attraction at any Cars and Coffee or European car meet over here. 




 I have seen W126s and W123 diesels with Cummins swaps in them, so why not put them in cars like the late 70s-early 80s Chevrolet Caprice, Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham, or Buick Regal. The factory diesel engines were terrible, so a Cummins or Duramax should make the cars run better than ever and be kind of badass. They are already set up to run on diesel fuel, so it shouldn't be that hard to do this kind of swap. They would make pretty cool/ironic tow vehicles. 




 I have thought about moving to Canada because of the import laws, but then I do more thinking and realize I have to choose between 15+ year old imports and more rust, colder weather, and a higher cost of living or 25+ year old imports, less or no rust depending on location, warmer weather, and a lower cost of living. 














 Does that mean I should remove it from here? 





























 Are you in Quebec, because I once saw a picture of a terribly rusty Mazda 3 with Quebec plates somewhere. It was stated that such rust on 5-15 year old Mazdas there was not uncommon. 




 One of my neighbors had a Hyundai that was smashed to oblivion and looked like it would fall apart any minute when it was only four years old but still drove it because he says his ex wife was a really bad driver. 



















 It looks so 80s. Cars with trendy, loud styling don't usually age very well. 




 Is it really that dated looking? I actually think it has aged better than most cars of its age. It would have guessed that the M45 was an 08' at newest if I knew nothing about it, which is very impressive considering that the design is now 15 years old (available in Japan before the US). 









 No, NY Metro area 




 Mercedes E and C Class, BMW 3 Series, Honda Accord are the most common. Saw an early 90s Lexus GS300 today for the first time in years here. I used to often see a 1978 Chevy Malibu that was a daily driver. Never saw another one around here, it was in really bad condition and I think it died a few months ago. 

Edit: Just remembered once seeing a Lexus LFA. 




 The Soviet W123 




 1971-72 Cadillac Eldorado 




 I have noticed that in recent years, Japan has been producing less and less cool Japan-only cars. At the same time, a U.S. based interest in certain Holdens from Australia has developed. This has led to some Pontiac G8, Chevrolet Caprice PPV, and Chevrolet SS owners applying Holden badges and parts to their cars. A smaller number have even gone to great lengths to do full HSV and Ute conversions. I have also noticed a small but growing number of Australian classics for sale in the US, including Ford XB Falcons, Holden Monaros, and 1950's Chevy and Ford Utes. So will AUDM in North America keep growing and potentially have the kind of popularity, industry, and silliness that JDM has or is it just a minor fad? 









 - 1990 Ford LTD Crown Victoria - http://newjersey.craigslist.org/cto/4747768670.html

- 1978 Ford Granada http://newyork.craigslist.org/lgi/cto/4742909019.html

- 1995 Chevy Van (just had to put this in because it looks so creepy)
http://newyork.craigslist.org/lgi/cto/4750291349.html
 







































 The drinking age 














 "Older " means 20+ years 




 Malaise era cars 




 What I mean is why does an image of Chucky or a horde of zombies create a stronger initial feeling of terror than images of serial killers or large, vicious animals. 









 - Daily Turismo
- Petrolicious
- Japanrse Nostalgic Car
- Old Parked Cars
- The Street Peep 









 I'll start by saying the Mustang II would be Scrappy Doo. Both are smaller derivatives of something iconic, unloved, and the result of misguided marketing 









 e.g. McGill is the Harvard of Canada, Fred Phelps is the GG Allin of evangelists.
 














 The 1M is already appreciating. 




 Not just regular future classics, what are the cars of 1990-now that will sell for stupid money in the way that muscle cars often do? 




 25+ year old imports are legal in CA but are not smog exempt. It would be very hard, or at least expensive to make this car comply with CA smog regs. Some get inspections done at shops that will falsify results. 




 Looks like a Japanese grandma car, but still might get noticed by the most hardcore of Skyline fanboys. 




 Many have done RHD conversions with their Honda Civics and Acura Integras to make them look JDM. Like what this Buick owner did, it is a good way to waste money on something only 2% of the population will pay attention to. Conversions like this are interesting to see, but not necessarily practical to do.  




 1999-02 Mercedes E55 AMG 




 I have also seen guys who put Skyline badging on their G35s but keep the Infiniti emblem. 














 The W123 interestingly seems to be one of the few slow cars that is a regular topic on car enthusiast forums and websites. Not that there's anything wrong with that. 




 This is just theoretical. Used or modified cars would be acceptable. I have read that there are tuning companies who can manufacture chips and other parts that will make a 10-15 year old AMG or M car have HP and torque which is in some cases far higher than the Hellcat. Such a car could be purchased stock and clean for $10-30k and have $5-10k worth of upgrades done. It would be less expensive to buy and might beat a Hellcat on a track, but would be a maintenance nightmare. Still, would be interesting to see something like this happen. 
























 Reminds me of these commercials http://www.adweek.com/news/advertising-branding/ad-day-dead-mice-act-out-plays-strangest-pest-control-ads-ever-160615 



















 The 90s Civics and Accords continue to routinely top the list of most stolen cars, but I'm starting to see less of them on the road and most of the ones I do see are getting increasingly ratty. Will they still be frequently stolen in 5-10 years? 




 And hermits aren't too far removed. 



















 Got two old American land yachts for the price of one,

- http://newyork.craigslist.org/lgi/cto/4711162340.html - 1965 Chevy Impala Sport Sedan $2250 81k, a bit rough.

- http://newyork.craigslist.org/lgi/cto/4678456768.html - 1988 Lincoln Town Car $2500 68k miles, the closest you can get to mint in this price range.

- and $250 left over. 

The Metro NY craigslist is also littered with rough, high mileage 70's-90's German Cars
 




 The Korean car brands, Hyundai and Kia during the 1990's-early 2000's were seen as cheap and boring, but today make competitive cars. Daewoo had a similar image but instead, practically dropped of the map in 2003 (unless you regard the Chevy Aveo as one) rather than getting any farther. 




 - Fronternac (Canadian only version of the Ford Falcon)
- Dodge Royal Monaco Brougham
- Mercury Cougar Villager station wagon
- Oldsmobile SportOmega (the first American car with plastic fenders)
- Nissan Axxess
- Isuzu Axiom
- Kia K900 









 - BMW M550d
- Mercedes-Benz CLS Shooting Brake
- Toyota Crown
- Toyota Century
- Holden Ute 









 Velour, "Brougham" packages, more expressive colors. 









 Particularly the ES models 




 As in a luxury car that has the styling of something you would not expect to be all that luxurious. 




 How bad are Rovers really, I'm an American so I look at them on the surface as a European version of Acura. 




 I have noticed some striking similarities and differences between the two.

Similarities

- Both are large luxury sedans from non-luxury brands.
- Both have trouble holding their value and like the Phaeton, the Equus will likely be a huge bargain after it is discontinued.
- Both have relatively conservative, anonymous styling.
- Both have been slow sellers.
- Both are relatively obscure compared to their competition.
- both were intended to be halo cars.

Differences

- One is from an experienced manufacturer of luxury cars, the other isn't.
- Hyundais are generally more reliable and cheaper to maintain than Volkswagens.
- One has a V8 as it's largest engine, the other has a W12.
- Hyundai has established a "cheap" reputation with many, while Volkswagen has established an "affordable" reputation.
- The VW is hand built, the Hyundai is not.
- The material quality of the Equus may not be as good as the Phaeton. 




 While automotive technology and safety is changing quickly, it seems that cars are also aging better. 10 years ago, a 20 year old car had a harder time blending into modern traffic and was often more decrepit looking than most 20 year old cars today. 40 years ago, a a 10 year old car was probably on it's last legs and the difference between it and a new car was like night and day. Today many, if not most 10 year old cars still feel modern and have plenty of travel left.

For example, imagine a 1999 Lexus LS400 with 80,000 miles today vs. a 1960 Chevrolet Impala with 80,000 miles in 1975. Both are 15 years old, but one still looks and feels relatively modern if in good shape and will last a few more years, while the other seems ancient compared to a new car and isn't too far from hitting the junkyard. 




 - Full size 70s and 80s American Behemoths (Think Lincoln Continental, Chevrolet Caprice Classic) - Everyone seems to think they are ugly and uninspiring. I rarely see them features by the mainstream automotive media. But I think they are quite attractive and interestingly many are somehow ostentatious and conservative at the same time.
- BMW E23 - Seems to be the least loved 7 Series and least loved BMW of its era. 
- JDM luxury cars both new and old (Think Toyota Century, Toyota Crown, Nissan Cedric). I can remember Jeremy Clarkson ragging on these, as well as my first category quite a few times.
- Boxy 1980's JDM mid-level luxury cars and sport sedans, especially the ones with turbos or superchargers. Similar what I said above, but while cars like the Century have a distinct appearance and presence, most non car people outside Japan would probably assume a 1980-something Toyota Crown or Mark II GT Twin Turbo is just a regular old Camry.
- Every generation of the Mazda Cosmo.
- Hyundai Equus - It's big and looks super elegant but loses value real quickly. I could see it becoming the next VW Phaeton. 
























 Land Rover: All the looks of a rugged off roader with none of the reliability.

Buick: We reinvented ourselves because our customer base is dying out.
 




 Back when I was in middle school there was a bakery in my town called Get Baked, which means to get high on marijuana. A lot of our parents were not happy about this. 









 I said Craigslist because it is a plain looking website where most transactions, especially sexual ones require meeting a complete stranger, and it has been used by murderers. 




 On here, we often see creepy old fashioned photos, costumes, clowns, dolls, etc. So what from today will be creepy in the future. My guess is that many attempts during the 1990s up until now of creating realistic CGI humans, such as those in movies such as Polar Express or in some video games will be looked at by our grandchildren 50 years from now the way we look at a vintage doll and call or creepy. I also think that the idea that we used craigslist will creep them out somewhat.  




 r/unexpected 









 Looks like a CHUD https://nitehawkcinema.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/chud-1.jpg 




 Don't know why you've been downvoted. It might be hard to do because of technical limitations, but I think it would be pretty cool to be able to go between Los Santos and Liberty City. 




 So I guess a title such as "Give me some tips on when it is appropriate and safe to stop, speed up, or keep going at the same pace  at a yellow light" would have triggered better responses. Interesting how two sets of wording can refer to just about the same question and give readers a different idea/feeling to readers. I probably worded it that way due to how much I am concerned about this and want to drive with the lowest risk of an accident. 









 I decided to do a post asking for tips on how to handle yellow lights more safely, I got some good replies, but otherwise it was the largest collection of non-constructive comments and undeserved downvotes I have ever seen on a single post here. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/2y76cy/any_advice_on_how_to_break_my_habit_of_flooring/ 




 So, this is what I have concluded from the more constructive answers here. I should slow down to stop or keep going at the same pace on yellows, depending on where I am on the road. Yellow means anything but "speed up and try to beat the light". Flooring it once and making it through the yellow isn't dangerous, but doing it repeatedly causes red light running since this is nearly impossible to do every time. Using an icon such as road markings to indicate the "point of no return" is very important. I also think part of why I got so many negative responses has to do with my wording. 














 I wasn't going out of my way to run a red the two times I did, just thought I could make it while it was still yellow because of a lack of experience. We all make mistakes, it's just a matter of how we deal with them and understand the potential repercussions if repeated. I just felt it would help if I admitted here that my driving isn't perfect and needs improvement in the area of choosing to stop or go through the yellow. Just because I did something wrong doesn't make me an idiot. 




  Seriously, if you even have to ask the question, and state you are "trying to quit the habit", you do not belong on the roads and threatening lives.

I have already been doing this less because I realize it is bad and should come to an end, I just decided to ask here to see if there was anything else besides "just don't do it" that would help me. 




 I am really regretting this post. All I wanted was some pointers on how to be a safer driver, but instead I made myself look like an idiot. 




 My problem is with yellow lights. I appreciate that you felt like posting the diagram, but I already know not to run red lights, and do not do so purposefully for obvious reasons. 




  This is like asking "I can't stop licking electrical sockets, how do I stop" and wondering how to fix the problem.

I was thinking this was more comparable to doing something like smoking or nail biting, but I guess you can compare it to anything you want. Despite the fact that I find this an odd comparison, I've found your comments the most constructive so far.

Edit: I know that just not doing it is the solution, but also wanted to see if I should know anything else that would be important to discouraging this. 




 At least I realize that this is a problem which needs to be corrected. Also, neither of the red lights were at major intersections, which I am more careful about, but that still doesn't make it any better.

Edit: I'm getting downvoted for saying this needs to be weeded out of my driving and asking for ways to help besides just "don't do it"? This has to be the the most misunderstood post I have ever written here. 




 I have developed a bad habit of flooring the gas pedal at yellow lights. So far, it has caused me to run a red light twice. It is something I do out of impulse since I want to go through the light before it turns red, but can tell that it isn't exactly a safe thing to do, especially if I end up running the red. I used to sometimes have a problem with hitting the brakes too hard at the yellow lights but stopped doing that because of all the tailgaters on the road. So far I have only had my license for about six months and this is the only thing about my driving that I currently have a major concern about.

Edit: I was asking for advice other than the obvious "just don't do it". I probably also made this sound worse than it really is. Thanks to all of you who made constructive comments. I will keep those in mind. To everyone who decided to be a flat-out jerk, I could care less about rude, pointless comments made by some stranger on the internet. 




 In addition, it would be nice to also see a return of the Virgo and Marbelle, even if the Marbelle is pretty average-ish. I just like that era of cars. 




 Personally I would like the PMP 600 and Faction from IV back, just to name two I can think of right now. 









 Was playing SA and all of the sudden heard this guy say "have you ever done a cat up the ass?" 









  2. Look at cars like a 69 shelby cobra, would you rather own the car that was never crashed or the one that had an accident in '72 and has non-factory original paint?

Would we even necessarily know if there was an accident back in 72' on a pre-Carfax car? 




 I was thinking maybe a 1980s Plymouth Gran Fury since it is of the age the Fury was back then, shares part of its name, and was essentially the successor of the Fury, but something tells me that as a boxy, average looking sedan, it wouldn't seem as creepy. The Monte Carlo would be more intimidating, especially if it were an SS. 









 UAZ 









 The scrappy doo of cars 














 I asked this same question 2 months ago and got mostly vague responses indicating that it likely happens in negligible numbers, but after re-reading some old Bring a Trailer posts and seeing two federalized Audi RS Avants, one formerly owned by Paul Walker, I have to assume that there must be others out there.

http://bringatrailer.com/2013/06/05/very-youngtimer-federalized-2001-audi-rs4-avant/

http://bringatrailer.com/2014/05/18/federalized-non-usa-2003-audi-rs6-avant/ 









 The DHS makes seizing smuggled cars a priority when there should be more focus on seizing smuggled drugs and keeping terrorists out of the county. 




 Okay, I just used that as an example since a gun seems like it would probably be more dangerous than a car if used improperly, not because I am someone who vigorously opposes gun rights or is afraid of the AR-15. 




 The legislator claims that the Obamacare ruling in 2012 made the NMDAA, which forces states where the drinking age is under 21 to forfeit funding unconstitutional. Also, they could prevent the number of drunk 18 year olds on the road from rising significantly if they lowered the drinking age and also toughened drunk driving penalties.  









 The Equus and K900 look like the kind of fictional luxury cars made from an amalgamation of different vehicles that would appear in a video game so the studio doesn't have to pay manufacturers. 




 In my state, New York, which has among the toughest gun laws in the nation, the AR-15 and similar firearms are referred to as assault weapons in legislation that banned them shortly after the Newtown massacre. 




 Two other things are stupid about this,

**1.** Foreign market cars under 25 years old are illegal on the federal level, but in most states, ordinary citizens can legally own deadly assault weapons. Edit: after going through the proper process and obtaining a license.

**2.** The maximum sentence for this is 20 years, many murderers don't even get that much. 



















 Russia 




 I don't get why hitting brakes to signify that a tailing driver is following too closely is so commonly done. If you brake check and they ignore it or don't pay attention, doesn't this increase the risk of a collision? Why not do something else? 




 Maybe the owners died shortly after buying/leasing them. 









 I wouldn't go that far, Marijuana legalization seemed very unlikely 20-30 years ago. 




 I remember hearing a few years ago that the ruling that Obamacare was unconstitutional because it forces states to comply could potentially set the stage for making the National Minimum Drinking Age Act, which forces states with a drinking age under 21 to forfeit highway funds unconstitutional as well. With this already done, what would it take for the drinking age to have a chance of being lowered, or the NMDAA have a chance of being repealed?
 




 Fuzzy dice 




 The USVI drives on the left, but as a U.S. territory has hardly any RHD cars since they are subject to FMVSS regulations. Therefore, the only RHD cars legal over there are the relatively rare RHD USDM Jeep, Subaru, and Honda mail wagons, and 25 year old cars from the rest of the world. Could 25 year old RHD imports potentially gain popularity as used cars for non-enthusiasts over there due to potential advantages of using them in left side traffic, or would it make little difference to people who drive there. Would the age be a turn-off for buyers? 









 These would seem really cool to me,

- GTA Japan set during the bubble economy.

- GTA Russia set either right after the break up of the Soviet Union or during the 60's-80's height of the Cold War.

- GTA Mexico set during the present-day drug cartel situation.

- GTA set in any grungy 1970's era big American city. 




 Surprised they haven't all been stripped or sent on a ship to the third world by now. 









 Since it is in Michigan, it may have been driven for some time with manufacturer plates, or brought in from Canada. There were plans to sell these in the US, supposedly. There is an e38 730d I have seen around my town for the second time in 6 months, it hasn't been crushed yet, knock on wood. I really don't get why the Feds have to use the energy and money to crush grey market cars instead of auctioning them off on the condition that whoever buys them exports it. 














 Probably wouldn't happen, but I've always liked the idea of a GTA game set outside the USA. Perhaps go back to London like the GTA 2 expansion packs, deport Niko Bellic and set the game in Eastern Europe, or even go for an entirely new setting and character, such as one in China, Japan, or Mexico. 



















 Didn't think of the possibility of fraud. 




  Documents and actual events are two seperate things, so I guess you can change a birthdate as much as you can destroy all records of a person, edit them out of photos, and say they never existed (as in Stalin era Nonpersons). It would be more appropriate to consider reform of certain age related laws. 




 This is why I came up with the 90 day limit. And no, this particular person's parents did not give a fake age and he didn't justify those who did. 




 With their complicated, expensive, components, I don't expect modern-day Mercedes-Benzes to become legendary beaters in the kind of way that the W123 has been for years.  




 Well, on paper the government claims that newer cars can be legalized by a registered importer after undergoing rigorous, expensive testing and modification, but often this isn't possible and when it is barely anyone actually does it because of the price. There was this for sale half a year ago, formerly owned by Paul Walker, http://bringatrailer.com/2014/05/18/federalized-non-usa-2003-audi-rs6-avant/ 




 Good choice, but not legal here until 2019. 




 It would essentially be changing the date when someone is legally treated as a person of a certain age. Now that you say it "changing your birthdate" would just be a more complicated, more extreme form of emancipation. 




 During 90 days little aging or development happens. A former classmate of mine told me that he came to America with no birth certificate because he was born in a country where a war was taking place and newborn babies were being killed in hospitals. He said that his parents remembered his birthdate and had it printed correctly on the birth certificate he received after immigrating. However, he also said that he had heard stories of other foreign born children, including ones from his own country, who came to the US with no birth certificate whose parents made them 1-2 or more years younger than their actual age, usually with the idea that this would give them an advantage in sports.  




 What kind of fraud? 




 Where? 




 "legally do certain things slightly earlier," -  A lot of things.

"or just don't like the date of their birthday" - I'm not one, but it would probably suck to have your birthday on Christmas or 9/11. 

Height can change due to certain medical conditions, and besides just names, people can also change their legal sex and race.
 




 It wouldn't legally be considered a margin of error. 




 I know that your birthdate is the day you were born, but a lot of things are legally one way, but physically another. I would, however, want it to be limited so you can only make yourself 90 days older or 90 days younger, and once every 10 years, so we won't see things like high schoolers making themselves 21. Some people want to get their kids into school earlier, legally do certain things slightly earlier, or just don't like the date of their birthday. I don't see the harm in making oneself slightly younger or older on a piece of paper. This would also be a good way for the government to make some extra money if they charge a fee to do so. VIEW CHANGED.

_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 




 Thought of this because there is a beat-up mid 80s Buick Regal I have been seeing all the time lately. With it's crooked grill, faded landau top, el cheapo rims, and panels that are all in slightly different shades of maroon, it looks nothing like a car that royalty would drive. 




 Perhaps the 1980s Lincoln Town Cars or Mark VI. The Mark VI has most of the same styling cues of the 70s Lincolns but is downsized like the Town Car. Probably get 18-22 MPG. There is also the 1983-87 Continental sedan which is a mid sized car which should get better MPG and has Lincoln looks. It was also available with a BMW diesel engine, though these are rare. The front drive 1990-93 Chrysler Imperial and New Yorker also have pop up headlights, a big grill, and limousine like feel, but are less substantial looking IMO. 




 Saw the Mustang with "LEFT HAND DRIVE" printed on the back window. I've heard that is a legal requirement for the remaining LHD cars in India. 




 I saw it happen yesterday. This random girl (not a hooker either) got angry and randomly started shooting at cops. Should have taken a screenshot. After she killed the cops, I was able to take the police car without acquiring a wanted level. 









 While playing Grand Theft Auto and garaging, as well as customizing and respraying vehicles stolen off the street, I thought about a story my uncle told me years ago. During the early 90's he had a popular late-model luxury car which was stolen and then recovered two weeks later. It came back waxed, washed, and with new tires, brakes, an oil change, and a full tank of gas. The man who stole it had been using it as if it were his own car. He said that this guy thought he would be able to keep the car longer and get away with it. To do this in real life seems pretty dumb, but I guess it can happen. 









 rolling coal 




 Porn theaters 




 I keep hearing outdated, but doesn't firearm technology rarely change? 




 On one hand, I think it would make sense for the US Army to use the enemy's stuff they have captured for themselves so they can have a larger supply, kind of like police departments using seized vehicles as patrol cars or undercover units. On the other hand, it might be good to destroy them so the enemy has no way to get them back. 




 Hypothetical 



















 After reading this post I did over a month ago, I have decided that there are two possible scenarios for Malaise Era cars.
http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/2ftkc9/will_malaise_era_cars_ever_increase_in_value_or/

1. Malaise Era cars other than the ones that are currently obvious collectibles will go up in value/popularity in about 10 years as they become more distinctive from modern cars, 70s-80s imports will go up in value, and they will be discovered by a new audience. Today, a Malaise Era car on the road stands out due to its strong differences from modern cars. Some 70s-80s European and Japanese cars are beginning to go for stupid money, while most Malaise Era cars can still be had for dirt cheap. Some may become the lower priced alternatives, if they aren't already. In ten years, the oldest Malaise Era cars will be 50 years old. That is a long enough time for many of these car's faults to not be well remembered anymore, especially by hipsters who crave borrowed nostalgia for decades they never experienced. They already seem to be becoming surprisingly popular among collectors in Europe. I will also note that I read Hemmings Classic Car which regularly runs articles about domestics of this era.

2. Malaise Era cars other than the obvious collectibles are not fondly remembered by most enthusiasts and will fade into obscurity. A few will be collected by a small cult following, but that is it. When they were new, these weren't the cars that kids of the 70's and 80's wanted, they were mostly what the older generations wanted, so the market for these cars is dying out. They also have already had about 20 years to become top dollar collector's items but haven't. It took about 15 years each for people to redevelop a fondness for 40s, 50s, and 60s American cars so there must be some good reason why this hasn't happened yet with the Malaise Era. It will be a buyers market for these cars in about 10 years and most people will look at them at car shows the way they look at old beer cans in an antique store.

Which one is more likely and why? 




 Yes, but perhaps this decreased the number of black W123s in warmer climates over the years because this made them harder to sell and therefore more likely to be sent to the scrapyard, resprayed, or bought solely for their bargain basement price by people who abused them. 














 Usually black is a very common color for Mercedes, but black W123s seem to rarely show up for sale. I have seen more online in avocado green than black and only one ever in person. I would have expected that black would be more popular for these cars since it is a very common color for W116s, W126s, W124s, and W201s. 




 Thanks, I had an image in my mind of 200D drivers spending their entire time using the Autobahn with the gas pedal floored. 




 The Autobahn is speed unrestricted in many parts, and many European market cars have 100 hp or less. Are such cars able to use the Autobahn successfully, would they not be able to keep up, or is there a legal minimum amount of power required to use it? 














 I've heard that most W123s and E30s in Europe are just old clunkers, while they have a large following and higher prices in North America. 









 Mercedes GLC 









 Diplomats are technically allowed to use their immunity to drive non US spec cars on American roads. A few years ago a Lancia Thesis went up for sale in Washington D.C., I believe it was advertised as for diplomat use or export only, http://jalopnik.com/attention-diplomats-a-lancia-thesis-is-for-sale-and-it-1462465134. 









 The Prado is essentially a Lexus GX with a different front clip. Perhaps somebody converted it. 




 I've heard the quality of these is terrible. After doing some research, it is claimed that some begin rusting when still new on the dealer lot. As for how it got here, my guess would be diplomatic immunity or driven across the border from Mexoco, since late-model non US spec cars are nearly totally banned here and there is probably no way it could pass Cali emissions testing. Reminds me of Crazy Vaclav's Place of Automobiles on The Simpsons. 














 Name some examples you would like to see built. 









 I write this because as much as people say Malaise Era cars were terrible, I think there were some high points. There were far fewer high points for the low powered, outdated, drab, "Commie Cars" of questionable quality. I think that if I had been a recent Eastern European immigrant in America when Malaise cars were still current, a midrange 1974-84 domestic such as a Chevy Caprice would feel like a king's car in comparison to Trabants and Ladas. On the other hand, old Eastern Bloc cars today seem to enjoy a larger cult following and higher continued use as daily drivers in their home markets compared to Malaise cars in North America. 




 I have noticed that this seems to be the case among many manufacturers all over the world since at least the 1950s. Sometimes it's the same car available with a variety of spec levels (Mercedes-Benz E-Class, BMW 5 Series, Toyota Crown, Volga), if not, they often share the same platform (Ford Panther, GM B-Body, Holden Commodore/Caprice) 
























 Looks 10 years too late, the only real improvement over the current generation is that the grille no longer reminds me of a 70s Oldsmobile. Better, but would still take an S-Class over it. 




 Infiniti Q45, Cadillac Deville/DTS, Lexus LS400, Chrysler 300C, Buick Park Avenue, 1990s Mercedes or BMW. 









 Nissan President 




 Could be for one particular make, model, era, country or region of origin etc. 














 I have seen many youtube videos and pictures on google images  and some car sites of BMWs and Mercedes-Benzes, usually older though, that have been similarly butchered in places like China or Russia. I guess communism lowers their standards. 




 I'm sure this would seem really cool if you transported it back to the year 2001, but IMHO it is 10,000 times worse than a beat-up 318i with M3 badges. 




 Mazda Cosmo JC 




 Is it economy, development, culture, politics, or physical location? I have heard Japan being referred to as a Western country, despite being located in Asia, while also hearing Cuba being considered Eastern, despite its close proximity to Florida. 




 For example, have you ever been somewhere that seemed like a piece of another country that was brought over somehow, in ways beyond just the language and culture predominant there and perhaps been confused about where you actually were. 









 To think that a car built on an assembly line in Detroit, from a midrange brand, with fit and finish issues when new, and that was a common sight in trailer parks 30 years ago is selling for ultra-luxury exotic money seems ridiculous to me. I could understand $100k, or even, $150k being paid by some old rich dude who really wants it, but $350,000, really? 




 I found this site with a large number of black   white pictures of old American cars in the USSR. Some appear to belong to diplomats or foreign governments, but others I'm not so sure. There seems to be one or more of almost everything from 1950-1979, including Cadillacs, Lincolns, Chevys, Mustangs, Challengers, and even AMCs. I had thought the import of US made cars and other products to the Soviet Union during the Cold War era was banned, and if not, extremely restricted.

See them here: http://www.freedomcars.ru/retro/oldamcar.shtml (in Russian) 




 Def a GTO if it was left hand drive 




 A very old lady in my town used to have a tan, beat up 1976 Chevy Monte Carlo. Last saw it about 5 years ago. She drove it year round, including in the snow. 




 Usually the oldies stay in the garage when it snows. 




 Weren't they built in 1990, next year you will be able to get one imported under the 25 year rule if you are in the US. 














 I regularly read that site, but outside of CC, and also sometimes The Truth About Cars, these types of cars are either ridiculed or ignored as I previously stated. I wait a long time for when Bring a Trailer decides to post a Brougham, which is rarely, and when it does happen, the comment section is overrun by trolls. They would rather see Ladas and black bumpered MGs with Lucas electronics for some reason. When I go between CC and BaT, I am amazed by how much difference there is between the tastes and opinions of the readers. 









 Among other things, I really like Malaise Era American cars, and no not Trans Ams, DeLoreans, and Fox Mustangs, my thing is mainly the Great Brougham Epoch models. Lincoln Continentals, Cadillac Eldorados, big Buicks, Bonnevilles, Caprices, and Chrysler New Yorkers for example. While most on r/cars say that this was a dead zone for American cars, I think of the mid 70s-mid-80s and see a lot of domestics I would gladly own. Style wise, I find the oversized models just as attractive, elegant and intriguing as the earlier 50s and 60's versions. Many of the boxier, downsized versions I believe can be considered among the cleanest, best proportioned cars ever made, right there with the W123 and E30. They may not have been the pinnacle of reliability, efficiency, or engineering, but they have their positives. When I see them on the road today, they stand out from modern traffic with their boxy, sharp edged, un-sporty, un-aerodynamic lines, size, and presence. When I read r/cars or other car sites and see little positive being said when this era of American cars are brought up, I feel like I have the automotive equivalent of a strange fetish. 




 It seems like it in rare to see a late model (96' and up) car that has been made into a true lowrider. Not a stanced car, or bagged one, but one that has been modified with hydraulics and the other common customizations such as pinstriping. Is this because the mostly 50s-80's classics and older models that are popular are particularly suited for these sort of modifications? Are newer cars too hard to modify and work on, or do they just not have the right "style". 




 Here's a riced out E60 replica from China, http://www.carnewschina.com/2012/01/06/brilliance-bs6-really-thinks-it-is-a-bmw/ 




 Meh. 




 I should have specified "classic car" shows. 









 Salvador Dali bottle 









 I have a raging foot fetish. 









 I once saw a 400 mile 2009 MY car at a dealer. The story I was told is that  it was leased by a guy whose health failed shortly after obtaining it. He spent over a year in the hospital, during this time the car stayed parked and he was not allowed to cancel the lease. I'm guessing that his ability to drive was limited afterwards. This is the lowest mileage I've ever seen on a 4 year old car, so what your looking for is probably few and far between. 




 These are rare today. 









 Cuba's vintage cars are banned for export, unless special permission is obtained. There is also no guaranty that an end to the US trade embargo will mean Cuban cars becoming exportable. The export ban is mentioned in this article, http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/cuba-gives-green-light-to-buying-selling-cars/article557923/. 




 20k or 35k makes a big difference. At 20k you are in CRV and Santa Fe territory, at 35k you are in X1 and GLK territory. 














 Maserati sales went up by about 250% with the introduction of the Maserati Ghibli. 
























 I've heard that 5-15 year old Mazdas rust like hell in Canada. 




 http://imgur.com/a/SCRvS 




 I don't really think of this view that way. What I mean is the potential to help out overpopulation a bit is the reason why I think things such as driving without a seatbelt on should be legal. 









 They did a surprisingly good job. 














 FWD: 1971-72 Cadillac Eldorado Biarritz

RWD: Mercedes S65 AMG

AWD: R32 Nissan Skyline GTS-4 









 Most muscle cars from 1974-84. Such as the Chevy Cosworth Vega, Olds 442, and Volare based Road Runner. 




 and this Ferrari, http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-10-23/wrecked-ferrari-sells-for-250-000-basquiat-5-million 




 I agree, I feel safer when I don't have to rely on technology to drive. 




 Its the same car, before the fire. 









 That's what I thought, driver aids and other electronics, but otherwise the difference between 2005 and 2015 cars seems quite small when compared to say, 1955 vs 1965 or 1985 vs 1995 cars. 














 Infiniti Q50, Cadillac XTS, Mercedes C/E, Lexus LS/GS/ES/IS are all good choices. Also check out /r/whatcarshouldibuy. 




 What's wrong with a wall of text? 









 [Yup.](http://jalopnik.com/the-six-best-unreliable-cars-you-can-buy-from-carmax-1687770994) 




 A 5-7 year old C-Class might not be the most pleasant when its time for repairs, but should be less expensive than an E or S class. If this worries you, I would recommend finding one with lower miles or trying to find one from Carmax if you can, since they warranty all their used cars.

http://www.carmax.com/search?ANa=283 D=90 zip=11050 N=4294963073 Q=ce08978e-3b29-41c9-82e6-f3b2289c56e0 Ep=search:results:results

Edit: Unfortunately they don't seem to have any AWD in stock. 




 2008-10 Mercedes-Benz C300s and C350s were available in manual with AWD. Here's one, but they seem to be relatively rare in the US,

http://www.carsbuyerinc.net/2008_MercedesBenz_CClass_Butler_NJ_251483355.veh 




 Toyota Century 




 69 cents 




 Free candy sign 




 coins 









 These poorly added aftermarket sunroofs were popular in the 70s and 80s. 




 Chevy Suburban, Tahoe, GMC Yukon. 




 and why most German cars in the northeast are now all wheel drive. 




 I feel like even though enthusiasts complain about some cars being FWD, most buyers could care less. For example, a non-enthusiast cross shopping a FWD Audi A8 and a RWD Mercedes S550 is probably more concerned with amenities and badge prestige than they are with which wheels propel the car. 




 This is getting old and annoying. 




 Should be cheaper to maintain than similar German cars. 









 01-06 Infiniti Q45 




 But it was likely not the texter's first time texting and driving. This was just a fender bender, but sometimes texting while driving can be just as dangerous as drunk driving. 




 These posts are kind of old, but are still good examples of what I mean. Both did something pretty dangerous, and likely not for the first time, but the difference in how in one there is a lot of flaming and in the other one the commenters take on the attitude of "Sorry you messed up, good thing your car looks nice again" seems interesting to me.

[Given sympathy](http://www.reddit.com/r/mercedes_benz/comments/2ygnl6/texting_and_driving_on_my_w211_never_again/)

[Flamed and downvoted](http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/2vo6nb/hi_my_name_is_luvs2speed_and_im_a_speedaholic/) 




 Am I the only one who sees a little BMW in the roofline of these? 




 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JQMQkMvRG3I you can still drift FWD. 




 BMW 1M: The future classic that is already appreciating. 




 AMG GT 




 Nissan Skyline GXi

BMW 316d

4 cylinder Chevy Nova

1975 Dodge Charger 




 Yeah, if this were 1975. 




 Buick Regal GS 














 Meant to write LR2, the other name for the Freelander. 




 It was silver. 




 The XF is pretty nice looking, but took some getting used to since it is such a radical departure from traditional Jaguar styling. I strongly agree on the Freelander, that thing looks like a poorly restyled, overpriced, Ford Escape. 









 They sell very few and most people don't see the appeal of a "luxury Kia". They should've developed a separate luxury brand. 




 A few days ago, I saw a 99-02 E55 AMG driver going 80+ mph on the highway and driving like an asshole in general. I think that the reason why he drove like this is because he thinks that since it's an AMG, it feels like a supercar to this douche, when in reality it's a 15 year old, 350 hp, mid-level luxury sedan. 




 For some reason, I think that the Hyundai Genesis and Equus sedans, and the Kia K900 look like they would be more at home in a video game like GTA, Saints Row, or Watch Dogs than the would in real life. I'm guessing it must be because of how they are an amalgamation of different familiar designs. 




 The problem isn't that it's a bad car, the problem is that by not marketing it properly, making it too expensive, and not making a manual available, they have screwed up it's potential at being a popular car. I have only ever seen one in person. 




 Mercedes-Benz: A, B Class

Land Rover: Freelander/LR2

Lexus: HS

Kia: K900

Ford Motor Company: All the current Lincolns

Chevrolet: SS

Dodge - Avenger 




 NADA guides should work, they go back all the way to cars from over half a century ago.

http://www.nadaguides.com/Classic-Cars/1987/Chevrolet 




 For readers who don't already know, this is the Australian version of the Subaru Legacy. 









 Isn't it usually the other way around? 




 Population control 




 Long Island, NY 




 I saw a girl around here drive this 90s Sentra for about six months with really bad rear end damage. The trunk lid was smashed in and didn't look like it could close or open, bumper was split, taillight lenses cracked, and lots of duct tape. This is in a state with yearly inspections. 


Edit: Also once saw an elderly man driving an 80s Olds Cutlass that was completely covered in rust, as if it had sat in a pond, and dragging its tail, as if there were a few bodies in the trunk, going 10 under the speed limit.


Edit: Your rolling wrecks and the speed they go sound 10x worse, sounds like you live in a third world county. 




 /r/murica 









 With the way MB styling has been going, I hope it's better than the current facelifted E. 









 Tata or Tatra? 









 Last year my aunt called a W126 a "15 year old Mercedes". Also, one time when I was 11 I saw a 560SEC and thought it was a newer car (this was 07-08ish). 




 Many German cars (W210, E38, etc.) and the LS400 also. I would never mistake any of these, or the NSX or Supra, as well as the Skyline for new cars, but they don't yet appear to stand out in traffic as "old" looking. Part of it might also be because I'm a child of the late 90s-early 00s and the designs still seen normal to me. 









 I strongly agree on the Cadillacs, but I think the 3 series BMWs have aged pretty well in some cases. 




 Reminds me of this early 80s Mercury Grand Marquis I've seen driving around with a Regan-Bush sticker. 









 As the CA government is always concerned with the environment, I'm guessing that due to pressure from enthusiasts with older cars who don't regularly use them, they've decided to compromise by making them pay a fee to avoid smog testing, while also not making it any easier for people who are broke to keep their old clunkers on the road. 




 http://japanesenostalgiccar.com/2015/04/16/ca-bill-to-allow-fee-payment-instead-of-smog-test-introduced/ 




 - Lamborghini Countach (formerly)

- Maserati Quattroporte

- 190E 2.6

- 1990s S600

- 1976 and 1981 Chrysler New Yorkers

- Chevy Camaro IROC convertible

- Some kind of 60s-70s Mercedes that never leaves the garage. 




 NO as is too expensive, or NO as in its a bad car? 




 These can all be found for 7k with under 100,000 miles where I live.

- 2001-07 Mercedes C-Class

- Pontiac G6

- Lexus LS430

- 2001-08 Subaru Impreza 




 We wanted a girl but are having a boy. I would consider raising him as a girl instead if you think this would have a good outcome. I figure that we will treat him as a girl and not tell him he's really a boy. Put him in dresses, grow his hair long, give him dolls to play with, etc. I  believe that when puberty comes testosterone will make "her" into a "girl" who is, bigger and stronger than most actual females, giving "her" an advantage in sports. I am also hoping that her masculine features will deter boys from wanting to date her when reaching high school age. Will this work and have you ever tried something like this? 









 The V12 S600s are also very complex and expensive to maintain, making an earlier trip to the scrapper more likely, but I don't think that most of the W140s produced are S600s. 




 My first thought was how out of place it seemed there. Perhaps it was originally a military import. 














 I have watched a lot of police pursuits on TV and the internet and when I saw a foot chase recently that was recorded by helicopter, where the suspects were out of sight of ground cops for some time, I noticed a manhole. I then wondered why no one ever hid in the sewer to evade in these videos, wouldn't that put them out of sight of the helicopter? 









 If you ever go to a poor area, you will likely see older Lincolns and other ratty luxury cars with broken air suspension. They scrape, ride high, bounce up and down going over potholes, and sometimes have one side far higher up in the air than the other. 




 They were largely purchased by elderly people, often as their very last car. This means that low-mile, well maintained examples, available at low prices are not hard to find. If you live in Florida or another warm state, it is likely that they were only driven half the year. 




 Its the supermarket storebrand F F. 




 I remember hearing about this being a big issue for Mercedes-Benz owners in the 1980's, but recently, I have been seeing a few Mercedes-Benzes and one Cadillac driving around with the grille emblems yanked out. I remember seeing a small, sudden amount of them about six months ago, but yesterday, I saw three, two MBs and the Cadillac, all late model. Do the emblems have any resale value or does somebody just think its fun to be a dick? 




 70s-80s full size American cars. 




 1988 Lincoln Town Car 




 Both are Mercedes-Benz imitations built by mid-range brands and sold for a comparatively lower price, with lower quality.

[Granada, Mercedes comparison ad](http://www.americangranada.com/gallery/ad-2.jpg)

[Genesis side by side with S Class] (http://thedailydrivers.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/GenesisMercedes.png) 









 Any one of these or all three, 

- Z06 swapped late 70s early 80s Chevy Caprice.

- 630E W123.

- LS400 with Toyota Century V12 and supercharger.

All would be kept stock looking. 




 Think about it. All those muscle cars seemed old and impractical back then, as well as earlier. Today, the E30 M3, and some other 1980s European sports cars still seem practical for daily driving and feel somewhat modern. Also, it seems like I perceived the 60s-70s as longer ago back then than I perceive the 80s as being now. 



















 I'm surprised to see the XTS here. It seems relatively popular around here. Not terribly common, but far from rare. 




 Trans Am WS6 




 Both are Mercedes-Benz imitations built by mid-range brands and sold for a comparatively lower price, with lower quality.

[Granada, Mercedes comparison ad](http://www.americangranada.com/gallery/ad-2.jpg)

[Genesis side by side with S Class] (http://thedailydrivers.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/GenesisMercedes.png) 




 How accurate have previous renderings been to what is actually built? 




 I don't see it, to me it looks as much like the current S Class as the W124 looked like a W140. 




 When the W212 first came out, I thought it was ugly and felt disappointed that the W211 out of production, but then it grew on me. 




 Just thought of this, how about a vintage VW Bus, or a Vanagon. 




 Pontiac Aztek 




 I have a professor who has a fear of rodents. If this were available as a t-shirt, I would wear it to her class. 














 I once saw a highly modified 55' Chevy that had been put on a 96' Caprice chassis. 




 A few weeks ago, I came across a user who has posted various radical and nonsensical opinions, including [this one] (http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ywoot/dad_smuggles_baby_in_plastic_bag_out_of_hospital/cpdnfvq?context=3), and has been showered in downvotes because of how crazy what he writes is. He is apparently a [sovereign citizen] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereign_citizen_movement) and sounds like a real tinfoil hatter. I would love to see this guy defend himself in court, though I'm sure somebody else must be even nuttier. 




 Was this the inspiration for Professor Quirrel? 




 W124 




 I call Subaru and Toyota's shade of orange "county orange" because it reminds me of prison jumpsuits. 




 I agree. Whenever I see a beige or gold Mercedes or BMW I always cringe. Once I saw a beige Bentley and thought "why?". On the bright side, some golds from the 60s-70s aren't so bad looking. 









 CPO BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Lexus, Infiniti, or Cadillac. 









 Crown Vic 




 They've been playing too much GTA. 




 Yeah, but it's just interesting to see the flaws in their attempted realism.  



















 I'm sure it isn't too common, though I have seen these types of cars a few times on eBay. I thought of asking because I recently watched the Jay Leno Toronado video.

Edit: and apparently I'm a prick for asking. 




 The first such car I can think of off the top of my head is Jay Leno's Olds Toronado, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuB5DULvw7Y. 




 In particular, how did you do it and what was the result. Most cars are built specifically with their layout in mind, so I would imagine that a RWD converted car that was FWD from the factory may be kind of awkward. 



















 Apple products auto select Cupertino for weather updates, so maybe they just decided to give their otherwise obscure hometown a name in case the site becomes famous. 




 This does not sway me at all. 1.2 million fatalities a year out of a global population of 7 billion isn't so bad for our species. That means 1.2 million less people around to pollute and use resources. The decrease in deaths will also be bad for those of us who need organ transplants, since the supply will be decreased. Why don't we ban contact sports, motorcycles, and bicycles too. I personally believe that at best self driving cars will be cars with driver aids and at worst, a novelty item like flying cars, at least in our lifetimes. 




 What I mean by this is that it is common for billionaires such as the Koch brothers or Sheldon Adelson to influence politics by giving campaign contributions, gifts, etc. to politicians (arguably legalized bribery). Could such a person with tens of billions of dollars buy a large amount of stock in a highly regulated industry, such as alcohol, tobacco, or firearms and then pay politicians in order to make regulations more lax and decrease taxes, therefore making higher sales of these products easier. After doing this would they likely sell the stocks with a value that has gone up significantly and make a profit doing so? 














 /r/gtavcustoms/ 




 ram raid 




 http://gta-myths.wikia.com/wiki/Big_Smoke%27s_Ghost 




 Maybe he meant 93'. 









 http://www.lefthandutes.com/ 




 Would you consider converting it to RWD or AWD? 




 The malaise era wasn't so bad. Sure, there weren't too many good performance cars coming out of America, but there were still plenty of cars with style. 



















 Tough Crowd 




 Looks like one of the cars I saw in one of my dreams. 




 There are about four US legal R34s. 









 1978 Chrysler New Yorker Brougham Coupe, because somebody else already said 79' Continental. 









 A few days ago I was thinking, what if I started a subreddit called /r/gtainreallife? But then I realized that it would probably become a haven for nutjobs who want to glorify robberies, dangerous driving, mass murder, and other violent crimes which would probably give GTA fans a bad name. 














 III era GTA logic. 









 I believe that the reason why GTA: O is not officially called "GTA V Online" is because when newer games come out like GTA 6, 7, etc. GTA Online will still be the same GTA Online, but with new additions. There will be a major update with each new single player title, which will add and replace some things in Online. This means that there will be new missions, characters, maps, cars, weapons, improved graphics etc., added on as a significant update when each new game is released. In the future, we may be able to drive across state borders or take flights to other regions in GTA: O. Is this a possibility or am I just dreaming? 




 A classic car that isn't in great condition but has character. 
























 I actually think that the Yugoslavian genociedes of the 90's show that a semi-industrialized country can be the site of a large genocide. That was a second world country, but still more developed than a place like Sudan. 



















 2002 called, they want their Lancer back. 




 http://imgur.com/VHz5wOj 

Seen a lot looking like this in NYC. They look tacky and sad, but I wouldn't be surprised if stance kids and hipsters start thinking this looks good in a few years. With the cost of running an old S class, I wonder how there can be so many like this. I still see some nice looking ones driven by older people in wealthier areas though. 














 Reminds me of GTA for some reason, particularly the older Vice City and San Andreas games. 




 I used to think the Jaguar S-Type and X-Type were really classy looking, but when I saw an S-type today, it just seemed kind of tacky compared to the new Jags. 














 Life size hot wheels car. 









 Hipster? 









 Looks like a guy. 














 Why Phoenix? 




 I would see it being banned first in Western municipalities, with entire states, provinces, and countries following suit years later. It would have to probably be done at a point where the Tobacco industry has shrunken from its current size due to public opinion and the declining population of older generations that were more likely to smoke. 




 Yeah, this guy wrote this like drunk driving and killing people is a normal thing to do. 




 Looks like Macaulay Culkin 




 Looks like something out of GTA. 



















 Wet dreams 









 I'm wondering if OP is trying to make a racist joke, all this Somalia crap makes no sense. 




 For some reason, I only paid attention to the subcompact part of the question. 




 I would choose the S3 over it, but I still felt like saying the CT because even if it is a rebadged Prius, its very sporty for what it is. 




 Audi S3, ~~Lexus CT~~ 




 BS moral outrage from people like Fox News, soccer moms, and Jack Thompson who will claim that this game is promoting violence in schools 




 God 




 I would like to know if she killed him or just wanted to treat a child who died naturally as if it was still alive because she was in denial of his death/couldn't handle the fact that he died. 




 This looks tame compared to GTA. 

Edit: I looked this game up some more and am surprised that the school setting hasn't caused more attention. 




 She turned 18 in 2009 IIRC, so before then they would most likely be fake. 









 Then it was just a parade of square headlights and boxy, gigantic frames. 

Which is why I wonder why so many people like W123s and W126s so much. That's the basic description of those old Benzes, yet there seem to be far more people who still desire or feel nostalgic for those cars. I actually like these MBs and the type of U.S. cars that are seen in these ads. The difference must be the availability of diesel, manual, and better build quality. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poser_Mobile 




 Nothing in that ad seems to fit together right. 





























 How did the other car look? 




 Wheels look like burnt orange to me, unless I zoom in. Should have written "Orange and Purple X6" because the pinstriping and door handles are far more orange than the wheels. 









 If self-driving cars become a popular mode of transportation, will some places just have to stick only to manually driven ones? I thought of this when I was thinking about my vacation to the Bahamas last year. This is a place where the roads are terrible, the rust is extreme, and there probably wouldn't be any easy way to fix one. The roads aren't well maintained and generally don't have any markings on them, the salty island air and heat makes cars rust and malfunction very quickly, and there aren't many people outside of Nassau, the largest city, who can fix cars or electronics. Because of this, the only European luxury cars you see are older models that have been junked, and the SDCs must be even more complex. I could just see a self driving car down there being a travesty that only a rich masochist would try. In less than a year, it will rust, then the electronics and mechanicals will be shot, the road conditions will ruin the undercarriage, and when it breaks you'll have to have it shipped for service unless you live on the main island.

Edit: Most of the people are also relatively poor, but these would still be issues if they made more money or these cars became cheaper. 









 "Poor guy" is the right term if you feel sorry for other people who fuck up because of their own stupidity. That said, I don't tolerate drunk driving and believe that penalties for it are not stiff enough in this country. Hopefully he's learned his lesson. 




 If that's your reaction, this is the wrong subreddit for you. 














 http://i.imgur.com/IXJrmhl.jpg - not my pic. 




 Hipster? 









 Bert did it. 




 I was expecting to see his super powers. 




 February 31 









 Lesbians, why don't you just think of men as hairy, flat chested women with big clits. 




 The last time anything bad happened there was in 1995. 




 69 seconds in a minute, 69 minutes in an hour, 69 hours in a day, 69 days in a week, 69 weeks in a year, and 666 days in a year. 




 February 31 




 You're probably white. 




 We saw Lady Gaga nude in 2009, so that's been debunked. 




 We saw Lady Gaga nude in 2009, so that's been debunked. 









 Whoever made the FB post. I read this reply as being in at least partial agreement with the parent comment, though oddly worded. 




 It seems like limos don't usually last much past 15 years. 




 Makes more sense since he is using cheap chrome to cover up rust, which must be 10x worse up there. 




 he obviously meant armed citizens... in that context I don't really see the point of your post.

I interperted him as just stating what was already said in the post on top. So, I see whoever wrote the post to begin with as having the weird assumption, not him. 




 Would look straight out of mad max if the paint job was primer. 




 Looks like it's wrapped in painting tape. 




 Kiss meets drag queen meets bestiality. 




 Hempstead? 




 FNAF in real life. 




 My boss used to have one. I rode in his once and found it to be a comfortable, roomy, traditional feeling car. 




 Your right, but the fact that it wasn't released to the U.S. market until 2011, four years ago, threw me off. 




 Looking at how ratty that Acura from 2002 looks and seeing the $500 price makes me feel old. 




 Around here volunteer firefighters can put blue lights on their cars to use when responding to an emergency. 









 It's going to autonomously cut other cars off when the AI finds out its a BMW. 




 This is creepier than a half shaved sheep. 




 The V6 equipped Impala now gets 29 highway MPG and is lighter than an old Caprice. Even if this example has downsized from its older counterpart, 29 highway in a full size sedan with a V6 sounds extremely impressive. Also, don't forget about hybrids and electric cars. Efficiency has improved, but I see your point. 




 Probably fuel efficiency too. 




 Example: the Nissan Altima of today is almost the same size as the Maxima of the 90s, same with the Mercedes C-Class of today and the E-Class of the 90s. 




 http://imgur.com/a/mcJqL 




 These actually look nice, if you're 12.

Edit: I'm not 12, but when I was I fantasized about cars that now look similarly shitty to my older eyes. 




 Communism delays progress. 




 Looks like something out of Fallout 3. 




 Looks like Jeff the Killer. 




 I always imagined the basement in my elementary school looking something like this. 




 Only looked creepy in the thumbnail. 




 I think he's in the middle wearing blue. This photo is from when he was a kid. 




 It is left hand drive. 














 At one point it had over 60 upvotes. 




 and 13 year olds. 









 Faces of meth 




 Reminds me of this: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1334726/Conrad-Zdzierak-white-man-pleads-guilty-wearing-black-man-disguise-robberies.html 









 Virtual reality 




 I remember listening to it while driving to San Fierro for the first time with The Truth. 




 The graphics, AI, size of environment, activities, number of weapons, number of vehicles, and character customization in GTA has come a long way. What could we potentially see in GTA 6, 7, 8, and so on? 




 Years ago, my mom told me that she had a cousin who had mental problems and that he might be visiting soon, but he never did and I haven't yet seen him at any family gatherings. She basically described him as a man in his 40s who still wears diapers, eats paper, and is incapable of living on his own. A few times more recently, I used this description and asked her about him. She didn't know what I was talking about. 









 Salvage title usually means rebuilt after major accident, not abandoned project car. 




 What happens when someone who can't maintain a nice car gets one. 




 The background looks like Puerto Rico. 









 I've seen these types of mods on Civics, Accords, Integras, and Preludes for years, but I haven't noticed the CR-Vs until recently. 




 Saw my first one about six months ago, now they seem to be becoming more common slowly. Most are first and second gen. Seems like a surprising choice for the stance, rice, or tuner crowd. Usually they have BBS or Watanabe style wheels and other add ons such as roof racks and side visors. Why have they suddenly seen this increase in popularity? Hipsters who want to give a new image to a soccer mom CUV? Ricers who can't find any more Civics and Integras that haven't been salvaged, stolen, and beat? 




 Looks like what Barney the Dinasour would drive. 




 Grill looks like it came from a Volga 31105: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/8136/2799/1600/IMGP0354.jpg 









 Here's  video of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c72CNTeoYRY 




 Sounds like someone with serious problems. 




 That looked like an E38 in the thumbnail. 




 I do think that our society does not update what we view as being outdated as frequently as we did before the 90s. 









 Yesterday I was in the computer lab. Across from me was someone who was humming very oddly. I looked at them and could only see from the side. It looked like a long haired young man with a light beard, wearing a striped shirt. Later I saw him/her get up and instead saw the face of a girl and no beard (obviously) when their face was in full view. 









 Does it smell like cats? 




 That said I don't see manually driven cars being banned in our lifetime. Seeing as its still legal to ride a bike or horse on the street.

I agree when you also consider that it is still legal to drive older cars that aren't equipped with seatbelts, airbags, or ABS. 




 Why would I do that? 




 Do you love it so much you would let 30,000 people die every year so that you can keep doing it? 

Yes.

One day we may well think letting people control cars was crazy.

I don't see manually driven cars being banned in are lifetimes if SDCs begin to become common.
 




 I'd like to clarify that by "time travel" I don't mean actual traveling through time, but instead I mean virtual worlds of this type that are meant to simulate a time in the past. 









 A woman clipping her toenails on the subway. 




 Sleep 














 I read this as "Buddy Guy his G55 today." 









 No, but I do believe that traffic fatalities act as a check to keep the population from getting too big. We need things in this world that result in deaths to control the population, since we can't exactly go around hunting and forcibly sterilizing each other.

Edit:
What kind of abhorrent logic are you espousing?

[Malthusianism](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malthusianism) 




 Sure, they may save lives, but is that necessarily a good thing? More lives saved by self driving cars means more people around to pollute and use resources. Think about this, if 1.2 million people die of traffic fatalities, that will eliminate an amount of co2 emissions equivalent to that of a city and save a large forest because they won't be alive anymore to use electricity, oil, or paper. They will also aid in making the world more crowded.

Edit: Downvotes because you disagree?

Edit: Imagine if my opinion goes mainstream. 




 Looks like what a GTA version of the Mercury logo would look like. 




 That was the first thing I thought of watching this. This looks like video game driving in real life. 




 Thanks a lot for calling me garbage because you don't like my opinion, that's really mature of you. What I'm trying to say is that I don't think it is necessarily a good thing that self driving cars would save lives. More lives saved by self driving cars means more people around to pollute and use resources. Think about this, if 1,000,000 people die of traffic fatalities, that will eliminate an amount of co2 emissions equivalent to that of a city and save a large forest because they won't be alive anymore to use electricity, oil, or paper.  




 Actually, it is. IMO. 




 I wonder how the Feds haven't found them yet? 









 I hope this hasn't come to America yet. Hate seeing this since I have always had a soft spot for large Japanese luxury sedans. 




 Around here the BMW loaners I see are mostly 3s and X1s. 




 A pervy burgular with a foot fetish. 




 Saving Ryan's Privates 




 Is that Iceland? 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dag_(subculture) 




 Big Footed Shemales 69 




 There's a difference between justifying a killing spree in the name of population control and being against things such as laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts or require motorcyclists to wear helmets because doing so increases the population and keeps dumb people in the gene pool. 









 Yes, but I was saying that there has been a loose connection between the two makes for years. I know that the Fusion, etc. have also adopted Aston Martin inspired styling, but didn't know that the design team for them included a former Aston Martin designer. 




 The Aston Martin V8 Volante was inspired by early Mustangs and Ford owned a large minority share of Aston Martin in the early 2000s, so there is an established connection between the Mustang and Aston Martins. 




 Earlier today I posted that the current 7 series reminds me of a 70's Oldsmobile and posted pictures of both cars http://imgur.com/a/SCRvS. Nobody seemed to agree with me that the BMW also reminded them of an Olds. I also think that the [Rolls Royce Silver Spirit](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg) looks quite similar to many large 1980's American sedans. 




 I guess I can see why you guys don't notice the resemblance, but both this BMW and the Olds have big, fat, split waterfall grilles and quite wide bodies. That's why these two cars remind me of each other. 
























 But still, he paid the same amount of money for the same car, warranty, and loan that a 21 year old would get, so he should be allowed to get a loaner as well. 




 Go to the track. 














 Looks like Morrissey. 














 [You mean like this?](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/09/travel/tourists-arrested-rome-colosseum/) 




 Not too different from that time when I saw a group of teenagers, three boys and two girls, walk up to a 1970s Trans Am they saw in a parking lot and the girls took turns posing on the hood and taking pictures of each other.  




 http://www.tbd.com/blogs/tbd-on-foot/2011/07/metro-history-the-1970s-thrill-surrounding-personal-rapid-transit-prt--11713.html 




 Just a couple of homeless fuckers. 




 4 door muscle cars were built in Australia.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Falcon_GT

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holden_Monaro 









 Was on Bring a Trailer recently: http://bringatrailer.com/2015/06/04/strange-choice-chevy-big-block-swapped-2005-kia-sorento-lx/ 




 More evolutionary than revolutionary. 




 [They actualy made a Ghettopoly.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-yGmGTij4oJk/UPlzKNt9yQI/AAAAAAAAPg8/KbUWMtmopHw/s1600/Board+Game+3.jpg) 









 500E 














 Without hard mode, this is just too easy and looks like a piece of cake to begin with since this car is German made. 



















 If I were driving the pooprah or box vic, I would be pleasantly surprised if someone said either was cool. Most people don't pay much attention to those types of cars.

Edit: Does anyone make Men in Black, Sabotage, Blues Brothers 2000, or Matlock references when they see the Vic? 




 Grape soda - List of soft drink producers - The Coca-Cola Company - Max Keith - WWII - Hitler 









 1996 Mercedes-Benz S600 



















 Girls with big feet 




 Noam Chomsky  Anti-Semitism  Hitler 




 Memes  Race (under Anthropology)  Racism  Neo-Nazism  Hitler 









 Zimmer Golden Spirit. More like pimp car. 




 Feces - Health care - Health systems by country - Healthcare in Germany - Otto Von Bismarck - Chancellor of Germany - Hitler 














 http://imgur.com/vUgJsSB 









 Something that looks like the Arab Spring will occur. 




 Just another shitty article with a clickbait title. 




 Fastback Coupe. The Bentley Continental GT and 2015 Ford Mustang are modern cars with this body style. 




 For some reason I didn't think his response was "pretty much explaining it" and thought the question made sense. When I think "unpopular opinion" I think of an opinion that most people may not agree with but can understand why somebody may think that way (e.g. Communism works). When I think "fringe opinion" I think of an opinion that would make most people respond with something along the lines of "are you fucking serious?" (e.g. President Obama is actually a space alien). I was trying to ask where to draw the line between something that is not widely agreed with and something that is considered ridiculious.

Edit: I think I just answered my own question. If an opinion would make the overwhelming majority of people say you were nuts or doesn't make sense, or is extreme it is "lunatic fringe", but if a good number of sane people would agree with it and make positive arguments in favor, but not the majority, it is simply unpopular/fringe. 














 Fisker Karma 




 [2016 Chevrolet Malibu](http://img.s-msn.com/tenant/amp/entityid/BBjVce5.img?h=442 w=948 m=6 q=60 o=f l=f)

[Toyota Avalon](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/2014_Toyota_Avalon_XLE%2C_front.jpg) 




 I see some Lexus trickling down into the styling of those. 




 My grandfather didn't like sunroofs either and waited extra time to order a Volvo without one. 









 That looks so painful 




 It made me laugh. 














 Did you pick this up at at the Serbian grocery store? 




 This really isn't a FWI type question. 














 belongs on /r/imgoingtohellforthis 














 Those look like W210 seats. 




 I understand that I might the flamed because you may assume that since this post is about Justin Bieber it must be a troll, but that is not the case. If you look at the recklessness, idiocy, and entitlement that Bieber has exhibited and the paths that many has been celebrities go down, I wouldn't be surprised. On top of that it is relatively rare for a teen idol pop star to have fame that lasts for decades to come. 

Think about MC Hammer, another pop star who became rich and famous while still young and went into multi million dollar debt after splurging on mansions, cars, and other luxuries a few years after his peak, or Lenny Dykstra, the arrogant Major League Baseball player who formed a series of unsuccessful businesses after his retirement and resorted to credit card fraud, car theft, and stealing his seized possessions after going bankrupt. Has been celebrities, expensive lifestyles, and entitlement are not a good combination. 




 You're probably right unless he does some other stupid shit shortly after and goes back to prison. It will be 23 years since the murder and car chase, 20 years since the murder trial, so many if not most people will either not care or be too young to remember what happened. 




 Any details about this? 









 1980 Mercedes 300D. Was for sale right around the corner from my house. They said it was too old (this was last year), rusty, and expensive to maintain. 




 I wouldn't be that upset, they haven't aged well IMO. 
























 Dahmer's Dinner 




 /r/creepy has been becoming /r/gawkatpeoplewithdisabilities lately. 




 Maybe the wheel was stolen. 









 I feel itchy now. 




 /r/sexyabortions 




 Mandatory use of car seats and the advent of child locks made it uncomfortable and unnecessacary for parents of young children to drive them around in two-door cars. Sales of non sport/luxury 2-door coupes really plummetted in the 80's because of this. 














 1974-79 Buick Skylark. Similar to the Chevy Nova, Pontiac Ventura, and Oldsmobile Omega. 




 You just linked to the Lincoln, Nebraska sub. 




 I could actually see this car being drift missile material. 









 An 80s Lincoln Town Car or Mark VI is a step above the Grand Marquis. 




 Honda Accord Crosstour 




 Your IP address is now on a government watch list. 




 - Infiniti G25/35/37
- Cadillac CTS
- You may be able to find a 2010-13 Mercedes E350 at the top of your price range. 




 I looked it up and Wikipedia did say that the 1.0 Yaris has 70 hp, but according to some of the answers to a question I asked on this sub once, many Germans are able to make it onto the Autobahn in low hp vehicles.

http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/2rnivz/are_many_cars_unable_to_be_driven_on_the_autobahn/cnhjawt 




 Their White population has been in decline for years, but I guess "nonexistent by 2050" is probably too much of an exaggeration. According to [this article]( http://www.iol.co.za/news/south-africa/number-of-whites-in-steady-decline-1.1223994#.VWuSoP3JDcs), it is predicted to be 20% lower than in 2010 by 2040. However, unless there is a big economic boom and South Africa becomes developed like a European country, I don't see how the number of Whites over there can do anything other than decline. 









 Geo Metro, 85-00 Corollas, Buick Century, Ford Escort 




 Racism (either their own or directed towards them), crime, unemployment, and poverty will make all the Whites leave by then. 

Edit: This would probably apply to most other African nations with a sizeable White population as well. 




 A repeat of Pussy Riot may happen, but that's about it. 




 Probably not in our lifetimes. Germany still feels incredibly guilty for the Holocaust. 




 and salt water vs. fresh water makes a big difference. On some car forum I remember once reading a thread about a guy who unwittingly bought a Katrina Corvette, but lucked out because it turned out that it had actually come from an unaffected area of New Orelans where the previous owner flooded it with a garden hose to scam money out of the insurance company. 









 Mitsubishi Mirage, Mercedes-Benz GLA 




 A few questions about this happening that I can think of,

1. Will this change the "face" of Islamic terrorism?

2. How will this effect the spread of ISIS influence to the rest of Europe?

3. Could ISIS cause another war in the Balkans? 




 Tranny 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ella_Harper 




 - 1980's sedans head on, http://i.imgur.com/F6h2JtA.jpg.
- Rear ends of 2009+ cars: http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--WnkZSNPS--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/um7y1j2saswofqujoqu8.jpg 









 Apply directly to the forehead. 









 Looks like psychotic Hillary Clinton and a talking movie dog. 




 On another site, it said that when the victim's body was prepared for burial, his face was reattached. 









 I don't think this was done by Baumeister, though it has been incorrectly attributed to him online. Baumeister was a gay serial killer who picked male victims up at bars, he never murdered his father. 




 More pics: http://www.documentingreality.com/forum/f10/son-killed-his-father-then-sliced-his-face-off-134833/ (NSFL) 









 Considering that at this point self driving cars seem to be at least 50% hype, I still see a good chance that in 10-15 years we will see the continuing advancement of electronic driver assist features, but a fully autonomous car will be a broken promise of sorts. A practical one that actually functions in all situations and environments and won't get hacked or glitch up is very distant if it will ever come. 




 Looks like it has drag queen makeup on. 




 There's a few articles I saw, but they are all in German. 














 Put it in someone's bed while they are asleep. 



















 http://farm2.staticflickr.com/1094/1223146475_b77e584f97_z.jpg?zz=1

 I would consider his view to be valid in Europe. 




 This type of car is becoming less common and seems to still lag behind older models and European counterparts in terms of collectibility. They are overlooked as an attainable way to enter the classic car hobby. 




 [600](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/1984_Dodge_600_ES_Turbo.jpg) 




 I just realized that there is a GMC Sierra and a Ford Sierra. One is a large American pickup truck, the other was a European family sedan and hatchback. 









 Where's the performance-luxury fighter? (that approach worked pretty well for Cadillac).

There was the 300 SRT8 up until last year. 




 The name and look is like something designed by Rockstar Games. 




 Are you the Jeep driver's defense attorney? 




 They were in the 70s and 80s. 




 [This is the first thing I thought of,](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2015/2267447154_ebf4cd2633_z.jpg?zz=1) it's at the Hard Rock Caf in Orlando. 




 There isn't anything I can think of that makes them exceptionally terrible cars, but their sales seem to lag far behind Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Audi, and Lexus.

Edit: Maybe its the current lack of a compact to compete with the 3 Series, C-Class, A4, and IS. 




 GMC, they're mostly just redundant rebadged Chevys at this point. Kind of like Mercury during its last few years. 




 The new Continental concept, with its limousine like back seat and Bentley inspired styling looks like it might be promising. 




 L.A. 92' x 10 









 On reddit, on another site, or in person? If so, why? 









 Also, many POS cars tend to look better than they actually are in pictures. I know that there were factory authorized conversions and assumed this was one without really looking too closely. 









 I never did this, but I see other drivers do it all the time in my area, though I have always thought it would be illegal. It usually happens on main roads going through town where they will basically use the shoulder as if it is a turning lane to get around straight moving traffic that is stopped. 




 Why do half of the cars on this sub look like they are early 2000s timewarps? 




 I actually think this is a pretty well done conversion, though I wouldn't choose it if I were in the market for a G-body. 









 He's not high, he's just a tinfoil hatter. Look further at some of his other posts and you'll see. 




 Which I guess means it will drop in value significantly after being discontinued and then be beat to hell or dilapidated by a new group of owners who buy it because it will be a late model car available in large numbers for cheap which can be financed with no credit. 




 I decided to ask one question for all four since they are all in the Balkans and thought that asking individually would be cumbersome.

Edit: Forgot to include Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo. 




 or they've been stolen. 




 Like the Golf GTD or M550d. 




 I don't see too many Golfs from before the mid 2000s anymore, so that might be a good predictor for newer cars. Same with Jettas, but interestingly, B5 Passats seem to still be holding up. 




 Even if gas prices stay low? 




 Pretty much all the late 70s-80s large American cars (e.g. Chevy Caprice, Ford LTD, Dodge Diplomat) were still common 5-10 years ago depending on where you went, but now they are becoming a rare sight. 









 Up until about five years ago, Lexus LS400s were still all over the place around here. Now I don't see them that often. 




 I was kind of thinking that since Castro's death will most likely coincide with the current thawing of U.S.-Cuba relations, it will mark a symbolic end of an era for Cuba. 









 A car that I once forgot existed. 









 Beginning your title with "vote up if" is violation of intergalactic law.
 




 Looking at shittycarmods lately and it seems like a black hole has transported a bunch of F F era tuners from the early 2000s to the year 2015. 
























