 Not lame. I laughed.  




 Everybody dance!! 
























 My wife and I love that so, here, have an upvote.  




 What motivated you to write the song Hesitate? Where were you at the time, psychologically speaking? 

 
























 Not hot to the touch. Not a bug bite, its actually been there for a while. Maybe even years. Doesn't seem to be causing any other problems.  





























 I thank you all for the words of encouragement and insight. Splitting the for test from the MIC helped a lot. Now I am back on track. 




 Last night I attempted to start Month 2 Day 1. I got through the fit test just fine. However, I found that I could not complete the Max Interval Circuit. I got about halfway through and physically could not do it. Maybe I'm being too hard on myself but that was a real blow to my confidence in terms of this workout.

I really enjoy this workout. I love the potential results I could get.

To anyone else here, how did you stay motivated to keep going when it got tough and when you felt like you couldn't do it anymore? 
























 Thanks. Going to have to try that next time.  




 How did the bags get like that?  
























 My daughter is almost 2 years old now and I absolutely love spending time with her. I always look forward to how happy she is to see me and seeing her. The way she lights up when we play together and even when I just talk to her. 

All of that makes the time spent with her worth it. I'm not sure why your husband would be so detached but perhaps it just takes a while for some people to warm up to the idea of having children. Maybe it has to do with how he was raised. Simply my thoughts but I am in no position to make assumptions. 

In the end, I love the time I spend with my daughter because of what she gives back to me.  





























 Incredible form!  




 Go at your own pace, do not force yourself to do anything that doesn't feel right. Listen to your body. 

Yoga is not a competitive practice, what other's are doing should not matter.

And I am paraphrasing Bryan Kest here: Activate your muscles, don't aggravate them. Find that sweet spot between too much and not enough, a happy medium.

Namaste, friend.  
























