 tvshack.cc or icefilms.info 




 This is true. Unfortunately there aren't any real engineering firms in my area and I definitely don't want to work here. I was going to interview one of my civ professors who used to be a practicing engineer, but thought a current engineer would give more prevalent answers. 




 Haha, thanks for the reply! It's really appreciated. 




 On a side note, do you like what you do, what DO you do, and any advise for a student about to enter the professional world? I do not plan on getting my masters immediately after my undergrad. Thanks! 




 Thanks for the quick reply! I'm a civil engineering student taking a professional writing course, and we needed to get someone in our related field to answer to above questions. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really appreciate it. Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student and cant pay the $110/hr fee :-P 




 These are more or less the questions I need answered. Thanks a bunch!!

 how they function day-to-day as writers
 how often they write and what their process is
 what sorts of documentation they produce
 what sorts of problems and conflicts they face in writing situations
 what role technology plays in their professional communications
 in what ways and how often they collaborate
 what sorts of legal and ethical concerns characterize the climate in which they write
 what other sorts of communication issues arise in their environment
 writing advice they have for a young person entering the field.
 




 Try I-Doser clips. They are binaural soundtracks that are meant to simulate the brain waves you have when your one drugs. They never work obviously, but they make me pass out... its kinda like weird white noise. 
Tip: Only works with headphones. 




 I too need an apartment near SU 




 Cozumel grill downtown... its kind of a trendy bar, but the foods amazing. Also, Gramma Moras is pretty good, but personally, I would recommend Mighty Taco, its kinda like Taco Bell but WAY better. 




 WOW
 




 THIS seems like a good idea :) 




 ohhh... okay then :) 




 done. 




 kk, brb... 




 hmm... its 1101 miles away :P 




 touche. 




 okay. Where are you? 




 I should have noted... we are two straight guys :/ 




 We have all day... do your worst reddit! 




 Each chicken supplies 4 chicken wing pieces... soo 35 chickens vs 4 guys... still respectable :) 




 2 roommates and myself got 28 jr. bacon cheeseburgers from wendys, 4 medium fries, and 3 large sodas... we killed a 12 pack while consuming these... one of the roommates would regularly kill 5-6 burgers/chicken sandwiches in one sitting... I would like to add none of us are by any means fat and go to the gym regularly 




 Amazing, I just spent 34 hours in sea-tac and JUST got home... I too went for the beers :) Only an extra dollar to make it a 20 oz, why not?! 




 I've only ever shipped my bike (UPS/FedEx) because there are SO many of airline bike destruction stories. Also... GET A HARDCASE. They cost a few hundred bucks and protect a multiple thousand dollar bike. Think about it
 




 SOO BADASS 




 Photoshopped :(

http://errorlevelanalysis.com/permalink/97a6a09/ 




 One of the best new shows out there 




 SOO funny, I go to cuse an really wish I saw this 




 WOW... want moar 




 noo she doesn't... Karen has a much rounder face. Also, mystery girl has a very sloped nose. 




 You were watching 24!! 




 Structurally speaking, almost anything that is carbonated is stored in a cylinder because of the internal pressures. A rectangular prism shaped bottle would need to be substantially thicker to withstand the internal pressures creates by carbonation and outside temperature and barometric pressure changes. 




 While in high school, I was a teachers aid for an 8th grade summer school program at the local middle school. There was some activity that involved the students labeling the oceans and continents on a black and white Mercator map. As if by high school I hadn't figured out where they were yet, the 20-something teacher I was aiding for kindly made me a key by labeling a map for me. To my initial shock, and eventual amusement, she labeled every single thing incorrectly. North America was the Indian Ocean, Asia was the Pacific, South America was Africa, etc.
I immediately gave this to my mother who was a teacher in the district. The teacher was not fired, but I was told given an atlas....   
























 will do! 









 I read somewhere a while back that it was Michael Jordan who accidentally started the look. After he went pro, he continued to wear his "lucky" college shorts underneath his NBA uniform, making his NBA shorts ride a little lower. People tried to copy the cool lower-riding shorts...fast forward... ankle pants! 




 There is, they have to sign it for us to work on it, and those never hold up in court... :/ 




 If she was a former employee, she knows how easy it is to get money from big retail corporations. Best Buy normally tries to settle things like this out of court... I would assume since it IS going to court that Best Buy has substantial doubt. 




 When someone actually PAYS you to do the service though, you run the risk of them perpetually saying the problem was never fixed and you become almost indebted to them. Fix it quick and free and there is no further obligation to assist them and if they are being annoying about it, you can politely decline since money isnt on the table. 




 As a former employee, they go over all of this like CRAZY. Data privacy is Geek Squads #1 priority. 
I'll preface that I could care less whether Best Buy loses money getting sued. BUT, everyone has an anti-corporation mentality, so 95% of the time that people take Best Buy to small claims, they win since everyone assumes that they MUST have been screwed over because it was a corporation. 

Some examples include: Guy left his laptop to get fixed, takes a few days and he never comes to pick it up. In our system, we had over 20 logged calls to both his numbers, and 2 letters that he had to sign for saying we were going to recycling his computer if he didnt pick it up. He even signed paperwork saying he would pick it up within 30 days of us calling him, and store policy is keeping it for 120. We recycled it after 8 months, and he came in 3 months later looking to pick it up. Apparently the settlement was twice the ORIGINAL value of a 4 year old laptop.
Guy brings in a TV that Best Buy had never sold and it has a hole in the screen. He said he purchased an extended warranty (doesn't cover damage like that anyways) but no one could find a receipt of it, obviously. Same thing, settled for an amount WAY higher than its worth.

Also, the services may seem expensive to someone who knows what they're doing, but to older people that have no other method of learning or getting things fixed, it was a useful service that many people told me that they were grateful we even OFFERED them.

TL;DR: Yes, people take HUGE advantage of corporations. In my experience, if you legitimately got screwed over, the managers would bend over backwards to help since they knew if legal action is ever taken, they lose. 




 49 cents for shipping
 




 The news is reporting an 8 year old boy was among the two dead, so hopefully at least one of the girls made it. 




 Use www.ninite.com. You can do all your updates in one go and it doesn't ever download any crapware! 




 I 100% agree, the price gouging is ridiculous and no one needs $200 HDMI cables. I'm also not saying that unscrupulous salesmen are around... BUT the extra $$ on items is essentially the cost of having a sales staff at your disposal that can answer questions and give you face to face customer service... something that makes no difference for ME, but for many people, especially older generations, face to face interactions are a requirement, they simply don't want to or dont trust other methods.

Everyone uses the HDMI example when refering to price gouging as it is probably one of the worst products this happens with (and as someone that has a better than average perception of A/V theory, expensive HDMI is bogus). Otherwise, the prices aren't really that outrageous. Compare prices with newegg sometime, they're almost always the same.

Before I worked retail, I would have argued all the same points as I too thought it was ridiculous, but once you realize how desperate a lot of people are, you realize the services offered, albeit expensive, are a huge resource for many people. I have tons of stories of me telling people cheaper/better options, but they want to spend the money for a large variety of reasons.  I've heard countless tales of people coming from Mom and Pop stores with horror stories, just like any huge retailer. I've also seen ridiculous customer service, e.i. people dropped their brand new TV and got a new $2000 TV, something that would be difficult to do online or at a mom and pops shop. 

I personally agree with a lot of what your saying, but there's a whole other perspective you probably haven't seen or experienced that changes a lot of things 




 Yes, this is true, but you clearly know how to use the internet. The majority of people out there are clueless when it comes to new technology and need to go into a store to actually be able to talk to someone about what they need. That extra service (and the convenience of having it right there) will cost you extra sometimes. 

Also,Best Buy price matches Amazon, Newegg, tigerdirect, etc... and a lot of other big box stores do similar price matching 




 For those not familiar with Windows 8, there is a "Live tile" for your photos, that automatically scrolls through anything in your pictures library. Well... some guy came in for us to take a look at his new 27" All-in-one PC. I set it up and begin on the paperwork. When I turn around to look at the computer, which was facing the customer, the Live tile was scrolling through pictures of the man getting a blowjob from some white woman. The bad part was that the woman he came in with was black. The next few minutes while I was finishing up the paperwork were very cringe-worthy as I didn't my counter to erupt into a Maury episode if the woman were to glance over, luckily she didnt. 




 A nice family came in to purchase a new computer (iMac) and wanted all their data transfer from their old PC to the new one. I ended up dealing with the family substantially more than than a normal customer because the first Mac had some issues out of the box and we had to swap it. Anyways... Data is transferred, everything is good. Mom, dad, son and daughter are all super excited to get the new computer home. 

About an hour and a half later, I get a scathing phone call from the previously friendly mother accusing me of putting porn on their new computer. I try to explain to her that there is no reason I would do that (It would take time, they were nice customers, i could get fired?!) and tell her to come in so we can investigate. 

As it turns out, when they opened up their photo viewer for the first time, it populated ALL photos on the computer... including all the uncleared temp files which included some heavy fetish porn and gore. The priceless part was explaining this to the furious mother as both her son and husband were bright red standing right next to her.
 




 You have two refrigerators?!
 




 This was listed a few days before the Eldridge... _
 




 Not quite.
http://www.countycomm.com/microhook.html 




 Fresh Balls. FreshBalls was created to take care of the problems the other companies forgot about. Here at Freshballs we take pride in using natural products that not only solve the problem, but they are good for the skin.

Site: http://freshballs.com/

Video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=n2Jy90PDiSA 




 I built the TriTrix a few years back. For the price point, they are phenomenal. There are other TriTrix varieties that make the cabinet smaller that would make excellent center and surrounds. Throw a sub into the mix and you have an outstanding HT setup... Good luck! 




 SOG's Pentagon Elite series has a similar look to the mini-convert although it is a larger knife 




 I had a lady bring in her keyboard and insisted I take the viruses off of it. After trying to explain that virus's can only infect the "box" everything connects to, she asked me to remove the virus's from her computer...at home... with the keyboard I had in store. When I told her that would be impossible and the would have to bring the computer in, she insinuated that I was incompetent at my job... :/ 














 *Be adventurous, take reasonable risks.

*If you don't like something, change it; if you can't change it, stay positive and deal with it the best you can. 

*Bad things happen, you WILL get over every single thing and grow from it.

*Dealing with the fallout from things you procrastinated is almost always more difficult than doing the work in the first place.

*Keep an open mind, always learn, and LOVE LIFE! 




 Investopedia.xom
 




 The top knife is a Buck Ecco (either 3.0 or 2.5). It's a great little knife. I love the drop point/serrated sheepsfoot combo. Enjoy! 




 I currently live in Skagway and work as a tour guide if anyone has questions! 




 No, no! I've toured all over the lower 48 and I'm currently working a seasonal bike touring job in AK. My contract ends in September and I'm looking for another seasonal position outside the U.S.  Alaska is great!!  




 I'm trying to find a seasonal position somewhere preferably outside the U.S.  I've been leading cycling tours all around the U.S. for the past few summers and currently, I'm a cycling guide in Alaska. I'm an engineering student trying to get some worldly experience before I jump into the "real world". Thanks!!

Edit: I'm not necesarily looking for a cycling job and have a lot of  outdoor experience, as well as many years experience in food service and bartending. 




 Haha, I love that game! Never noticed this before! 




 Same, I'm a student with no kids and I would love to help out. I can afford up to $60 from amazon or any other reputable website. Nothing beats happy kids :) 




 90% engineers, go figure :P  
























 This would be super fantastic :) Yes please!
 




 Idk... Nokia is playing the comeback game, they have more incentive to be innovative. Apple hasn't done anything new that's useful in years and the GS3/4/5 are essentially the same. Slightly bigger screens and faster GPU/CPU/SoC, but nothing really innovative.

Nokia is experimenting with crazy cameras and other emerging technologies. You can buy "charging covers" for a few other Nokia models as well to give them wireless charging functionality. 

One cool thing Samsung did on the ATIV SE is put an IR blaster in it so you can use it as a universal remote. I would love to see that in more products!


EDIT: To answer your "big fat coil" question, other than my knowledge of induction, I have no idea how they implement it in the phone. The Nokia Icon/930 is 9.8mm as its thickest, so it's by no means huge.
 




 There are some cords (I own a Logitech one) where the two side are asymmetrical. The top half has a big bump thats really easy to grab. I use it in my car so I can plug my phone in while driving without having to look... not the best idea, I know. I'm trying to find a link...

But seriously... Using locks must infuriate you. Up, down, left, right... WHICH WAY IS IT?! 




 the Nokia 930/ Nokia Icon has wireless charging built in. You can either set it on a stand or plate (those do need to be plugged in) and it charges almost as efficiently as if it were plugged in.

I routed out the bottom of my night stand, left about 1/16" of material, and glued the plate in. Now, I just set my phone in the corner of the night stand and it charges!

http://www.nokia.com/us-en/accessories/accessory/dt-900/ 




 Thank you. I laughed way harder than I should have. 




 The article clearly states that the school administration made him delete it. Also, almost half the posts before you reference this. 




 This has already happened to some extent with [John Joe Gray](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Joe_Gray) in Texas. 
During a traffic stop in 1999, he attacked a state trooper and was found to have terrorist literature in his vehicle. 

According to all the news articles, he's basically been holed up on his 50-acre property ever since, and law enforcement don't want to risk entering his property to arrest him citing fears of violent retaliation from not only him and his family, but nearby anti-government extremist e.g Timothy McVeigh and the Waco Seige

The only obvious difference is that Gray kind of imprisoned himself on his land whereas Bundy is still "free" 




 You need an Office 365 subscription which is $99/year. However, that gives you 5 PC/Mac and 5 mobile device licenses...

SO, with one subscription, you can get FULL office professional (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher, OneNote, and more) which is normally $400/license on 5 computers, plus 5 phones/tablets (iOS, android, Windows Phone) running mobile Office. Additionally, you also get an extra 20GB of Onedrive storage 




 Serious question, have you ever used a Surface or Windows 8 phone? 




 I still dont understand what the older Start Menu gave you in terms of functionality that windows 8.1 doesn't. Additionally, its seems even EASIER to get to certain things. 




 He looks like a happy dog :) 




 This was her response to the video on Tosh.O Web Redemption...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OVvF4xoWzU 




 1. Go to programs and features in control panel, sort by date installed, and remove anything suspicious. Many times its listed as Conduit.

2. Open your browsers, and go to you addons/extensions and remove them. Next, change your default search provider to Google or Bing and remove the bad ones. Lastly, change your homepage to something reputable.

3. Download and run Malwarebytes (quick scan) and ADW Cleaner. 

4. Install Adblock Plus on all browsers.

This is very abbreviated and can depend on what OS, browsers, and severity of infection. Feel free to PM me, I would be happy to give more detailed advice! 




 -Run ADW Cleaner and Malwarebytes (quick scan) monthly or as needed

-Remove startup items. Run MSCONFIG and uncheck any items that aren't vital to the computers operation. Generally leave any hardware, OS, or antivirus items and remove everything else. Googling specific items can help determine what should be kept.

-Periodically check your installed programs, and remove unnecessary items. Again, googling things can help identify good, bad, and necessary. I like to sort mine by date installed as it makes it easy to identify what was done recently.

-Update windows, Java, and Adobe flash and reader from reliable sources. 




 Windows Phone 8 has Google Maps...
http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/google-maps/a2282991-ff5c-4038-994f-b03be450120d 




 No problem! Hope they love it! 




 To help mine, I put it in the corner of the cage and then fed them treats through the bars behind it. This forced them to climb on it and if you position the treats just right, they will start running! I did this for a few days and a week later they were using it on their own accord  




 There are many ultrabooks with 3200x1800 resolution out currently, some with discrete graphics. This is nothing special. 




 Pros: Properly owning and caring for a pet can be very rewarding 

Chins can live a very long time (15-20 years) 

Cons: Chins can live very long. They probably can't take the chin to college, so who will look after it?

They have stringent needs. Specific food, temperatures, housing needs, etc. Kids can't give them tons of treats.

Although adorable, their cuddly level varies from chin to chin and even the cuddly ones work on their own schedule. Don't expect this to be a pet you can just cuddle with whenever.

If they get out, they are difficult to catch... think squirrel.
 




 Yep.
http://vimeo.com/67769684 




 Mr old roommate use to weld occasionally. If you look at your weld WHILE your welding (without a mask/proper eye protection) it can cause serious eye damage. Think staring at the Sun. 

He would get around this by setting up the weld, close eyes, weld, and repeat. Worked pretty well! 




 Oh! Did you purchase a windows 8 key?? If you have the key, you just re-install windows and use the key again. There no limit to how many installs you have with the key, just one device can be activated with it at one time. 




 If the drives are within manufacturers warranty (normally a year), they will probably replace them for you. Technically, overvolting isnt covered, but its very hard to determine... might as well try!
  




 I'll assume this is an OEM computer that you're dropping a new motherboard into. 

- Make a set of backup disks from the manufacturer utility or type "Create a recovery drive" on the start screen to make a system image. (Having an escape plan is important!)

- Get a bootable Windows 8 .ISO on a disk or USB http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/upgrade-product-key-only

- Download Belarc Advisor. http://www.belarc.com/free_download.html This is an awesome utility that will tell you everything about your computer, including all your software license key about halfway down the page.

- Install the new motherboard and attempt to load windows 8! Worst case scenario, revert back to the original motherboard and reinstall using your recovery disks. 




 If you're looking for a faster route (not really better than sandpaper though), You can get a cheap (~$10) rotary tool at Harbor freight. Put a buffing/polishing wheel on it and your good to go. 




 That is quite an impressive jig... just... WOW. 




 hit up craigslist or harbor freight and all those tools including the vise will be less than $200... 




 Thank you for that. :) 




 The steel he purchased was already "folded", so it was, just not by him. 









 xpost from /r/ ASMR... 





























 IT depends on what operating system you're using. If its Windows 8/8.1, you can initial a full Reset from within the OS. 

If its Windows 7, the recovery console SOMETIMES appears on another monitor after reboot (as it is loading the default drivers). but this depends on the manufacturer as well as the hardware. 

Good luck! Let us know how that goes or if anything needs clarification.

Alternatively, laptop screens are surprisingly easy to replace, especially on most HP laptops.  




 Canned air is generally more effective at dislodging dust in the nooks and crannies. That being said, I have never heard of anyone causing ESD damage, but I have seen people physically drag a vacuum attachment across sensitive components and damage them.

Basically, you're fine with the vacuum, just don't whack stuff with it :P 




 I agree. Any theoretical performance increase is completely negligible. The only difference (this is purely based on my observations) is that 3.5" drives fail slightly less due to the data density not being as high. I manage many computers, both desktops and laptops, and the smaller drives seem to physically fail as well as get corruptions much more frequently that the larger drives of same capacity. Like I said, I have nothing to back that statement up other than anecdotal observations. 




 If you can get into Windows still, go here: 

C:/  Users  "UserName"  AppData

AppData is hidden, so unhide your folders if you cant find it. Now you should see three folders: Local, LocalLow, and Roaming. In each folder, there are lots of other folders and then random files. Delete all these random files that aren't in folders. A lot of them are benign, but this is the most common place for virus' to hide. 

Good luck! Let us know how it goes or if that doesn't work. 




 As others have said, you were probably touching the heatsink which should be substantially cooler than the CPU.

I would apply some thermal paste. Most thermal paste is only rated to last a few years and given that you're running a 6 year old C2D, it's probably all dried up now. RadioShack and Best Buy carry it for $10 or less and its fairly easy to apply. There are several youtube video's explaining techniques and how-to's, but q-tips and alcohol are super useful when cleaning the old paste off the CPU and the heatsink.

Additionally, you may have bumped the heatsink while messing around in the case. I did this several years ago where I SLIGHTLY popped one of the 4 heatsink lock pins and the CPU was overheating within minutes. In this scenario, I would still re-apply the thermal paste and re-attach the heatsink. (If you remove the heatsink, you kind of have to re-apply thermal paste, especially if its old and dried)

Good luck!  




 Basically... you can't :(

There are some crazy work around and occasional success stories, but its a huge pain. For $10 more you can get one on Amazon (or get a 320GB for $45)

http://www.amazon.com/120GB-Hard-Disk-Drive-Generic/dp/B004GIGA1A/ref=sr_1_13?ie=UTF8 qid=1406606362 sr=8-13 keywords=xbox+hard+drive

 




 If you're using Windows 8/8.1, File History is an awesome feature that backs up your entire Library every hour and is super easy to use. 




 What was your reason for not using the recovery partition on your laptop? 

Depending on how you formatted/partitioned, you may be able to still use the factory recovery image. If you are trying to go from 8/8.1 to 8.1 Pro, you can type in "add features" on the Start screen and then follow the prompts to enter your 8.1 Pro key. It will upgrade without requiring a full re-install.

What brand is your laptop? Most laptop brands have different tricks to get into their recovery console. 




 In an offline scenario such as a boot disk, the command would be 

sfc /scannow /offbootdir=d:\  /offwindir=d:\windows

Where d: is where Windows is installed. 

 




 I'd say 15-60 minutes,  but however long it would normally be before your computer crashes when playing games would be a more accurate time. 




 Additionally, you could purchase a simple stand-alone mic. They are cheap and often perform better that headset mics (I have the A40's and prefer a $10 desktop mic) 




 As others have stated, it sounds like a hardware, not software issue (but it still could be!) The two most likely cases are the card is bad or the card is overheating. There is also the possibility that your power supply isn't giving the card enough power or it could be a memory issue. Lets troubleshoot to try to narrow it down, shall we?

Possible Issues:

-Overheating

-Bad/Defective card

-Graphics driver issue

-Power Supply issue

~~-Memory Issue~~


1. How old is the card? It is important to note whether or not it is still under warranty. I'm going to assume it is, so we don't want to void the warranty :P

2. Pop the case open and see if the fan/heatsink area on the card is dusty. Clogged heatsink = overheating. Canned air is generally much safer than a vacuum cleaner if youi have to remove any dust.

3. If there is no dust, or you cleaned it, let's run a test to see if the card is overheating. There are several ways to go about this. I like [Furmark](http://www.geeks3d.com/20140313/furmark-1-13-0-download-gpu-burn-in-stress-test-opengl/) as it is quick, simple, and shows the temp during the test so there's no need for extra monitoring programs. Most CPU/GPU's are relatively safe up to ~100*C, but realistically going above 80*C means there's an issue. Your card in particular should be around 65*C at full throttle. Run the programs "Burn-in Test" and monitor its temps. Run the program for as long as it normally takes to crash while playing games.

4. If your card is staying nice and cool or doesn't crash during testing, that means your card itself is probably fine. Next, lets update your drivers. [This](http://support.amd.com/en-us/download/desktop?os=Windows%207%20-%2064#amd-catalyst-packages) download should get you the most up-to-date driver directly from AMD. This is a much newer driver than is listed on your cards page, so that could be the issue. Once you have the new driver loaded, restart your computer (even if it doesn't tell you to) and start playing your games!! If the issue goes away... awesome! If not, lets keep troubleshooting.

5. We will assume its not a memory issue since you ran Memtest already, and power supplies are difficult to test without a multimeter or power supply tester. This next step is kinda skeevy, but works. If you have a Best Buy, Walmart, or any other store that sells graphics cards, buy one that is preferably in the same series (R9 2XX) and play on it to see if the same thing happens. (These big box stores will let you return opened cards within their return policy.) If you do get a card in the same series as your R9 280X, it is using the same driver, so is purely testing whether your card is bad or not. 

If these don't work, post your results and we'll go from there. Good luck! 




 Try this on the Mini DisplayPort 

http://www.monoprice.com/Product?seq=1 format=2 p_id=8118 CAWELAID=1329456194 CAGPSPN=pla gclid=Cj0KEQjwrqieBRCln82Rgufz7I0BEiQAPNjAI8Ps5kvbe-WlFBG0K4t8vrLgS9i8fLyahnmuz2FnpLwaAqN78P8HAQ

That would give you your S7 screen and two monitors. The Toshiba DynaDock can also do this. 




 A couple things to try...

First, see if there's a voltage corrector. Its a little switch that you can select 120v VS 220v. If its on the 220v, but you're using a 120v socket, you'll have some issues.

Secondly, you might be short a cable! You mentioned that you plugged in the 24-pin cable and the 4-pin CPU cable. On some pictures, it looked like your motherboard might actually take an 8-pin CPU cable. Check and see if there's just one square 4-pin socked on the motherboard or if it's a rectangular 8-pin socket. If this is the case, you'll need a completely different model of PSU and it might be cheaper to get it directly from Dell as most PSU's with 8-pin CPU cables are on the higher end and more expensive. 

Good luck and let us know! 




 I agree, this sounds very much like a driver issue. It could be the driver is just corrupt or needs some TLC, or it could be that LoL and the driver aren't playing nice.

 I would uninstall and delete the driver from Device Manager as well as any Catalyst software and completely re-download the driver. If that doesn't work, try doing the same procedure with older drivers.

Good luck! Let us know how it goes! 




 I would update/re-install your**[ drivers](http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/75991/en-us)** if you haven't yet. If that doesn't help it could be a hardware issue. 

If its hardware, it could be your card overheating or just going bad ,your power supply overheating or going bad, or even possibly RAM. 

First, I would heavily dust out your case, especially around the PSU, card heatsink, and CPU heatsink. You can download a monitoring program (I like **[Speccy](https://www.piriform.com/speccy/download/standard)**, but there are several) and a stress test (I like **[FurMark](http://www.ozone3d.net/benchmarks/fur/)**, but again, any is good.) and see how hot everything gets; your card is listed as 105c max operating temp, but ideally they would be around 95ish while stressing. You could also attempt to re-apply the thermal paste if it does seem that heat is an issue.

To test RAM, **[Memtest86](http://www.memtest86.com/download.htm)** works fairly well. I would start it before bed and see how its doing in the morning as it can take a while or run indefinitely. 

Your PSU can be tricky to test unless you have a multimeter or ideally a power supply tester. If your video card isnt receiving enough power when it needs it, bad stuff happens. 

Let us know if that helps of not! 




 It should work, but depends on a few things such as where you got the trial from. Some variables such as volume license keys, Upgrade vs Full keys, etc could cause compatibility issues. Worst case scenario, you'd have to re-install Windows .exe they provided. 
If you do run into an issue with it upgrade/full, let me know because there is a registry tweak to get around that. 

Good luck! 




 It seems like your computer might still think that your headphones are plugged in, or something similar. Assuming you're using a newer Win7/8/8.1 PC, try right-clicking the volume or speaker icon next to the clock and select "Playback Options". In the windows that appears, it should show you all the different device possible (On mine for example, I have HDMI, Astro Headset, Digital Output, and Digital Optical Output). In your situation, you would want to select "Speakers" and then click "Set Default" below. 

If that works, there's a good chance that your 3.5mm port is damaged, but you can always use the above steps to manually change it. Hope that helps! 




 If I recall, "doubleclick.net" is what Google uses for ad tracking. Basically, if you've every Googled something, you'll have that cookie on there. Like others have said, its harmless. 

Since it looks like you're using Chrome, you can try turning off the "tracking" setting by going to the Settings Menu (3 horizontal lines in the upper-right)  Settings  "Show Advanced Settings"  and under the Privacy section, tick the box "Send a "Do Not Track" request with your browsing traffic"

Hope that helps! 




 There is rarely a single program that is universally good at protecting you, but if a nice "toolset" is assembled, it can greatly help. All of the listed programs are free!!

**[MSE or Microsoft Security Essentials:](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=5201)** This is your base level protection that hopefully catches the really bad stuff. It get shit on a lot, but it seemingly offers great protection against some pretty nasty infections. It automatically updates with Windows and almost never bothers you gives pop-ups unless if finds something. *Note* : Don't install multiple, always-on, anti-virus programs and uninstall any old ones you don't use (Kaspersky, Norton, McAfee, etc). They can "fight" with each other stop working properly.

**[Malwarebytes](https://www.malwarebytes.org/mwb-download/):** This is a scanner that you have to run. Unlike MSE, it does not offer constant scanning (in the free version), but does a great job of removing both really nasty stuff as well as annoying toolbars and adware. Pro Tip: Right-click the check-boxes on the reports page, and click "Select All". Much easier than clicking every box!


**[ADWCleaner:](https://toolslib.net/downloads/finish/1/)** This is an easy to use and quick scanner that only targets adware, toolbars, browser hacks, etc. The app is portable (doesn't have to be installed) and is updated daily.

**[AdBlock Plus:](https://adblockplus.org/en/chrome)** This is an awesome little browser add-on that is an incredible pop-up blocker as well as helps get rid of banners and ads on websites. You'll have to install it on each browser you use separately; the link will auto-detect what browser you are using.

**[CCleaner](http://www.piriform.com/ccleaner/download/standard)**: Nice tool that cleans temp files (and can do a ton of other stuff if you're feeling bold). Doesn't really remove or scan for virus's, but malware very frequently hids in temp file locations.
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________

All that being said, if you really like subscription anti-virus (Kaspersky, McAfee, etc.) you can normally get them for**[ FREE!](http://dealnews.com/search.html?search=anti-virus)** 




 It's hard to tell exactly what needs adhering from the pictures, but have you tried double sided tape? There are industrial adhesive mounting tape and automotive tape that is incredible strong. Additionally, you could always try epoxy, but you wont ever get it off again.

Good luck! 




 Saw them last night. They were good and chilled in the crowd for the rest of the acts. 

Whoever was manning the audio board however was a total idiot. WAY too loud, woofers were distorting, and you could barely appreciate the music. I get that certain genres beg to be blasted, but this is not one of them. 




 http://www.youtube-mp3.org/

Its not FLAC, but its not bad 




 My 2008 Ford Focus SES with ~90k started having trouble shifting around 30-40 mph (although I'm not sure exactly what gear 3rd or 4th would be my guess.)  From a stop, the car accelerates without issue, but maybe 30% of the time when I get to 30-40 mph, the engine revs up to about 5k RPM. I take my foot off the gas and gently push the gas again and it will normally get into gear after 1-3 attempts at "pumping" the gas. I have researched this and found "Some 2008 Focus vehicles equipped with 4F27E automatic transaxle and built on or before 1/29/2008 may experience no 3rd or 4th gear. Possible diagnostic troubles codes (DTCs) P0733 and/or P0734. The cause may be a direct clutch snap ring out of position caused by the reverse clutch wave spring." It seemed like this was only happening on almost new cars and im not getting any CEL, so I'm not sure if this would apply to my situation.

As for the vehicles history, I've owned the car for about 2 years and put about 25k on it. I have not done any transmission maintenance (I'm not even sure if that's a thing!) but I've gotten the oil changed 3 times and hit a deer a month ago ( the issue was there before though). At around 75k miles, I had terrible engine shake while idling, and the dealership replaced the engine mount. 

As far as troubleshooting and repairing myself, I'm very mechanically inclined and have no problem diving into stuff, but I have never gotten into cars, so my knowledge is very basic.

Any help, insight, or advice would be very appreciated... thank you!! 




 Ad**d**ress. 




 If you have Office 365, then yes. If you purchased Office for Mac then no.

As it has already been said, Office and Office for Mac have two separate licensing keys, hence they cannot be swapped between them. Office 365 on the other hand can be installed on PC, Mac, Android, iOS, and Windows Phone.

If you DO have Office 365, or are unsure, go to www.office.com and login (upper right corner) using your Microsoft Account (you need a Microsoft account to have O365 so if you never made one, you probably don't have it). Once logged in, click on My Account in the upper right and the page will populate all Office products associated with that account with a large green "Install" button.

If you're still unsure, what version of Office are you running? Office 365 will only be Office 2013 so if you have '03,'07,'10 then your copy is not transferable. 

Depending on how often you use Office and in what capacity, you can try using the webapps on www.Office.com. You get Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote for free and unless you're using higher level functions (macros, etc) the webapps are basically identical to the full program.

Hope that helps! 




 Those look great! I'm really curious as to what the red material you used it called and where you can find it. Also, a metal handsaw is generally known as a "hacksaw" in English. 




 If sold as a built computer, how much should I expect? Thanks!

* i7-3930k OC'd to 4.8
* Corsair H100 cooler
* Asus P9X79 Deluxe (w/ BT and Wifi module)
* Intel 520 Series 180GB SSD
* 2x1TB Seagate 7200RPM HDD's
* Silencer Mk II 750W
* 2x Sapphire R9 270's
* 32GB (8x4GB) Corsair Vengence 1600MHz
* Corsair Carbide 400R Case
 




 "The tank is back from the days when i was breeding... its a baby milk bottle tank"
Is he talking about himself?! HAHAHAHA 









 Not shatter, but I have literally done exactly as OP described and had "shards" or think wafers of metal come off. 




 How does this this happen? Is it a special breed or something? I'm curious to see how big the second largest rabbit is...  
























 Thanks! I'm glad to hear the FAVI is good hardware, I had definitely considered it previously, and may pick one up. I'm currently using a Microsoft multimedia keyboard, although the FAVI is much smaller

I've previously used XBMC on a raspberry pi and it was impressive given the hardware. The reason I went with Plex was so friends could remotely stream my media collection, but their are many aspects of XBMC I miss.

I'll be sure to post the (eventual) results! 




 I currently use a [Microsoft multimedia keyboard](http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/pdp/Microsoft-All-in-One-Media-Keyboard/productID.298318400) and/or a mobile mouse app on my phone. I have a Surface RT I was thinking of downloading the Plex app, which essentially acts as a remote, either that or XBMC.

When you say built-in   simplified controller, did you have something specific in mind?

Thanks for the response!  




 I'm looking to build a coffee table that incorporates the expanded use of technology, while keeping it sleek and "wife approved". I would mostly be using this as a hub for my home theater setup (HTPC and Plex server) and home automation (I currently use INSTEON).


Some ideas I'm currently thinking of are:

-Several flush mounted USB chargers for charging phones and other devices

-imbedded tablet(s) to control home automation and act as a control for my home theater server

-small ITX computer built within the table... not sure what I would do for a screen... Possible wireless display?


I would love any other cool ideas or designs before I start delving into this project! Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 I use Insteon home automation products which you can completely control from your phone, tablet, computer, etc.

I replaced most of the light switches in my house with the 521 flush-mounted in the wall with the Insteon app always up. That way I can turn the light on/off/dim like a normal light switch, or control any other connected device (cameras, garage door, other lights, etc)

To answer your question, they are very easy to setup yourself! 




 Mine's FBI Surveillance Van. My neighbor is a contractor and always has a white Ford Econoline parked out front :)  




 Yep! This was resolved when it went from Windows Phone 8 to 8.1. It Drove me crazy too! You can download the Preview for Developers to get 8.1 if your phone isnt normally eligible.  




 929 (Icon) and 830... represent! 




 In all fairness, you're talking about a $50 phone, where as almost every other smart phone on the market is ten times the price. 

That being said, I use 521's as home automation light switches and never have issues. I would see if there's a Microsoft Store near you and stop in, if your phone is indeed defective, they'll swap it if its under warranty. 




 I'm currently using uTorrent (latest version) and getting my torrents from TPB. Most downloads won't go over ~100kb/s and are constantly jumping around from (20kb/s to 70kb/s back and forth). Speedtest is giving me 16Mb/s and I can direct download from sites at over 1Mb/s. 
Also, This is happening on all torrents, whether they have 100 seeders and 5 leechers, or the newest Walking Dead with 17,000S/500L. I'm so confused!

Any guesses as to why my torrent speeds seem so limited?! Thanks! 




 As per my post above, I agree ;) 




 The developer preview of 8.1 runs really well on my Icon as well as many of my friends without issue. Its free to sign up and get it! Feel free to PM me and I can give you instructions on how to get it. 

Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft :P 




 Pretty much any place that sells oil, will take it back. Walmart, any large auto parts stores, and most friendly mechanics will take the oil. 




 http://www.monoprice.com/Product?c_id=108 cp_id=10823 cs_id=1082707 p_id=9957 seq=1 format=2

$5 




 If you're not concerned about installing programs, the original Surface RT with a keyboard is super durable, has like 9 hours battery life, and comes with Office installed. You can generally find them on sale for ~$150. If installing full function programs is required, I would follow everyone else's advise and grab a refurb of a deal website. 
Also, check out dealnews.com daily. Its a great site that occasionally will find some killer deals on laptops (and more!)

Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft 




 You really only need jack stands or ramps to lift your car, a socket and wrench to fit the drain plug, an oil filter wrench, a funnel, and a oil pan. You may want a breaker bar (extra long for leverage) if your drain plug or filter are on tight. All of those will cost you ~$60-90 at Harbor Freight, Lowes, or Sears. Oil is $12-25 depending on whether you have regular or synthetic, and a new filter is $5-$15 depending on how fancy you want it.

All that being said, you can generally find coupons or deals to get your oil and filter changed for $20-25. This is the same price as if you did it, and you don't have to get dirty...unless of course you want to get dirty :) 




 Buy a Haynes manual from an auto parts store. For less than $30, this manual (which is specific to your car) will tell you how to do basic maintenance all the way to in-depth engine teardown and trouble-shooting. All the tools you'll need can be picked up at Harbor Freight for much cheaper than an auto parts or home improvement store. 3 Ton jacks and an auto toolkit (sockets, wrenches, etc) will put you back less than $100 and will enable you to do almost all your car maintenance yourself. 
As OP said, if you don't feel comfortable doing it, seek a professional. Having your car half torn apart and realizing you don't know what you're doing put you in an awkward position to get your car to the mechanic.  




 I've lived here for ~4.5 years... I'll look into this! Thank you! 




 As stated, I recently moved to a new city and have been staying in an extended stay hotel ($$$$). I had the assumption the entire time that I would be buying another house, but started to consider renting as I know I will be moving again in about 2 years.

My biggest concern is that I'll be gaining $17,500 on the sale of the house. If I put that towards a down payment of a new house... no tax! If I decide to rent, I'll lose about $7,000 to taxes and would like that money to be used as a down payment on the home I know I'll be purchasing after my next move. Is there an account or way to avoid getting money taxed?  




 Thanks! I believe I do need the sensor. I cleared the code and I've put about 150 miles on it without the code being tripped again... False positive??! 




 I got a check engine light the other day and checked the code (P0128) stating that the coolant thermostat was having issues. I've checked everything else on this coolant system and it seems fine, which leads me to believe I need to replace the thermostat.

I'm having two main issues finding a replacement. First, there are many ~$30 options that don't have a sensor and many ~$150 options that DO have a sensor. How would I determine if I need to also replace the sensor and save a hundred bucks. Second, all the thermostats have different temperature ratings (most are 180, 190, or 208 degrees). I checked my Haynes manual which states that the thermostat should start opening at 194 degrees and be fully open at 223. How do I know which temp to choose from?

Thank you all for any assistance! It's greatly appreciated 




 Yea, it definitely is! I used to competitively row and for warmups/training we had to keep our splits (500m) below 1:45 for up to 10km. In perspective, 7km at 1:45/500m is 24.5 minutes. 

Although I no longer row, I still use an erg for exercise. One thing that works really well for me is pick a split time, say 2:00, and DO NOT GO ABOVE IT. you can then either set a time or distance to match. It tends to be a little more grueling since you can't really stop or relax, but gives you a better idea of your overall fitness. 




 -Skagway brewing is owned my locals, not cruise lines.
-I do not have an exact percentage but most. If you take the jewelry stores out of the pictures its almost 100% owned locally.

-Haines and Skagway are like brother/sister towns. Many of the business's in Skagway are owned by people in Haines which is a 15 minute boat ride. It's kind of like living in the suburbs and working downtown. 

-As far as "cruise ship fronts", Haines does not really cater to tourism, especially compared to Skagway which thrives from it. That being said, just because there's some touristy knick-knack shop doesn't mean its owned by the cruise lines, its just someone being opportunistic. 

I hope you liked Haines... its gorgeous! 




 I don't know why other people are replying yes, the cruise lines do not own the all or even most business's. Most business's and excursions are privately owned. I have heard that several of the jewelry companies are owned (or have heavy stakes in) Princess and Royal Caribbean, but Skagway has something like ~30-40 jewelry shops. 
That all being said, the cruise lines DO have a lot of sway over things. For instance, the excursion I led was ~$70/person if you walked into the shop or called ahead of time, we would pick you up at the dock. If you book the EXACT same excursion through say Princess, it'll be like $110/person but Princess will take $70 and give my shop $40. In my case particularly, the excursion was owned by an awesome guy who was legitimately upset that people were getting gouged and he was making half, but without the cruise lines advertising for you, you'd go out of business. The same was relatively true for most business's in the area. 




 Nice! I worked at Sockeye Cycle a few years ago... Skagway is like the best summer vacation ever, but you get paid :) 




 Your title doesn't make sense. Try re-wording it and re-post. 




 I also have a V5 and would be happy to do a step-by-step hard drive removal guide if you would be up for trying. The only tool you would really need is a #0 Phillips screw driver. 

I agree with others that there's a really good chance your hard drive just got dislodged.

Let me know! 




 In addition to the scanners you've already run, [ADW Cleaner](https://toolslib.net/downloads/finish/1/) does a really good job at cleaning up adware remains. It searches through folders, services, registry, startup tasks, and all of your browsers. Super quick and easy :) 




 AMD may make the technology that goes into the card, but they don't actually produce it themselves. I believe the Windforce card you have is actually produced by Gigabyte.

You have two options. Contact wherever you purchased the card (Amazon, Newegg, Best Buy, etc.) and see if they can exchange it for you under their policies. This is generally easiest, but since it was purchased in December, it will probably be outside of their exchange/return policy. Your other option is contacting Gigabyte [HERE](http://ggcs.gigabyte.com/GIGABYTE-RMA-Login-User.aspx), create an account and begin your RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) process. They may ask you to troubleshoot some things first or run their own tests.

Hope that helps, and good luck!

EDIT: There is still a chance it's the PSU failing and not providing enough power. Given that the test ran for 15 minutes before it failed however, I would find this highly unlikely as the card is requiring max power consumption immediately.  




 Perfect! On Lenovo's there is generally a special recovery button that looks like a [U-turn symbol](http://lh5.ggpht.com/_UpiBAokjaoY/TDrZk8a334I/AAAAAAAAF_o/gIM0z3xqsSc/DSC01675.JPG?imgmax=800) Normally its next to the power button, but sometimes its on the side. With the laptop completely off and connected to the monitor, hit the recovery button. The computer will turn on and should go into the recovery console instead of Windows.

If that works let us know, and we can go from there. Good luck! 




 Yes, there is.

Most modern (post-XP era) computers have recovery partitions in them. Depending on your devices manufacturer, the process in utilizing that partition can be different. If you could tell us what OS and brand your computer is, I would be happy to give you more accurate instructions. 




 You re-paste your laptops CPU everymonth?! Doesn't that seem excessive? Decent paste is rated for several years, so maybe changing it yearly would make sense.

In all seriousness though, I've very curious is you have a reason for re-applying so often. Thanks! 
























 Try looking into some of Corsairs less expensive cases, specifically their Carbide Series models. They do an amazing job of providing some really nice features such as 2x120mm(140mm) mounts for double-wide radiators, cable management, and other small things in there more budget friendly cases. I have two 400R's ($100) and a SPEC-03 ($60) that are fantastic. 

Also, NZXT cases are really nice for reasonable prices. I love the LED's above the I/O panel... such a great idea! 




 Ohhh! Thanks for this... Vivaldi looks pretty!

Since I'm lazy, care to share the TL;DR on why it's awesome? 




 Not to be *that* guy, but the few times IE11 crashed on me, it reopens in like half a second with all my tabs intact and functioning. Also, IE11 creates a separate process for each tab which was the big appeal to Chrome in the first place. FYI, I'm using Windows 10, build 9926. 




 Looking for some advice!

Budget - $100-$200 (flexiblish)

Source - Phone (Lumia Icon), Computer (DTS support), homemade headphone AMP, and possibly my receiver/pre-amp

Isolation - Not an area of concern. I most definitely do not want active noise-cancelling. 

Preferred Type of Headphone - I'm looking for circumaural as I have a large head and supra aural tend to cause discomfort over time.

Preferred tonal balance - I generally like a neutral/flat tone, but appreciate solid midrange performance. Overly bright headphones would be a turn-off

Past headphones - These would be replacing a cheap pair of HD428s. I also have a pair of Shure SE215-K IEM and Astro A40 w/ Mixamp for gaming. 

Preferred Music - I'm all over the place. Classical/orchestral, rock, folk, electronic, etc. These would also be used occasionally for gaming (I would be giving away the A40's), and possibly occasional home theater use.

My biggest issue in picking out the right pair, is how versatile I want them to be. I realize that there is not going to be an ideal set to fit all of my requirements, but I'm curious as to what /r/headphones has to say! I would be using these for travel, on-the-go, and at home. They will be used for 70% music, 20% gaming, and 10% movies.

Also, I can get Vmoda M-100's for half off ($150). I understand they are bass heavy, but I appreciate that they are full-size and are still portable, although this is not a requirement as I was happy to tote my HD428s's around when needed.

Thanks! 
 









 More expensive than $5, but there are VESA mountable Pi cases that use your existing VESA holes on your TV, assuming it's not using them already :P 




 You're very welcome! Glad its your card rather than the motherboard or worse. Good luck! 




 I've worked a lot with the Steam series (7,8,11,13, and 14). The 7 and 8 area great for the price; a device running FULL windows that the Microsoft Store has on sale for $70 all the time... WOW. The laptop variants (11,13,14), although budget models, actually have really good build quality. The keyboard has very little flex and the keys feel nice, the plastic is solid and doesn't feel flimsy at all. My biggest caveat is the screen is noticeably low quality, but it works! Also, the addition of the SD card slot makes the local storage issue go away. For the price, they are definitely a Chromebook killer.    




 Serious question...Have you used Linux before? If not, it may not be the solution you're looking for as it can be substantially more technically challenging to do simple things, much more difficult than creating a boot disk. 

As /u/cuddlychops06 mentioned, it sounds like you may have a failing hard drive, and it's not a Windows issue at all. It can be difficult to discern between software and hardware issues, especially without seeing the computer in person, but every symptom you have described could be caused by a failing hard drive. (FYI, hard drives are the most common hardware to fail)

What brand computer do you have? Many HP's and Dell's have built in hardware scans you can try to run. Also, do you have access to another PC? If so, we could walk you through creating boot media on that PC to repair the one in question. 

Some boot media tips:

-You have to copy the CONTENTS of the .ISO, not the file itself, or it wont be bootable.

-If you're using a USB flash drive, you have to format it to FAT32 to boot properly. 

-Depending on your PC, you may have to disable "Secure Boot" and enable "Legacy" or "CSM" to get the PC to boot to the disk or USB drive.
 




 If your motherboard has video out, try removing your graphics card and see how it looks then. If everything is normal, you know its your card. It is strange that if works okay in Safe Mode, but it could be because its drawing less power. 

Also, I would make sure your PSU is 100% dry. If something in that goes it could fry everything in your case and even possibly start a fire. If this were to happen again, I would dismantle the entire PC including motherboard, use canned air on any of the affected parts to blow out any water, and let the components sit for 72 hours. The patience could potentially save you some money :P 




 Unfortunately, you cannot use the laptops screen as a second monitor for the desktop. The ports on the laptop are output only. 

You would have to use the laptop as the computer and connect the extra monitor with the VGA cable. If you really wanted to use the desktop and weren't too picky about a monitor, you can get fairly cheap monitors off craigslist.

Good luck! 




 Totally agree. I work IT and when dealing with clients who are not tech savvy, the larger number is always better in their mind, despite explaining the huge advantage of an SSD, even if it has less storage. 

My personal theory is that LOTS of consumers don't understand the difference and see a $300 PC that has a 2.0GHZ Celeron, 4GB RAM, and a 500GB HDD and see it as a better value than a $600 2.0GHz i5, 4GB RAM, and a 128GB SSD. They see the processors as the same, the RAM is the same, and one has way more storage. 




 There are 3 main things to use to prevent this in the future:

-Better surfing/downloading habits

-Only ONE on-access scanner

-Several on-demand scanners/tools



**Safe Surfing:** As far as better surfing/downloading habits, you just have to be careful on what you click. There is no combination of antivirus or software that can 100% protect you from malware, otherwise an entire industry would be out of business. Some solid "safe surfing tips:

-Install Adblock Plus on all the browsers you have. This helps with preventing fake links and pop-ups from even appearing.

-If you're installing software, always try to get it from the manufacturers or developers website. It is less likely to have 'extra' software.

-When installing software, instead of blindly clicking "Next" or "Okay", make sure you aren't agreeing to install extras. An example would be Java always tries to get the Ask Toolbar installed.

-Before clicking on a sketchy link, hover over it. Depending on what browser you're using, it generally tells you at the bottom of the screen the actual address of where it will take you. If you're still not sure, a quick search should reveal whether or not it should be trusted.

 **On-Access Scanner:** This is your general antivirus program. It attempts to scan all the incoming and outgoing network traffic on your computer to prevent bad things from coming in. They also offer system scans to check everything on your PC for malware. The problem with almost ALL of these scanners is that they do a bad job detecting low-level malware (ads, pop-ups, fake fix-it programs,etc), but rather try to stop the really bad stuff that would render your computer useless or worse. There are two main kinds: Free and paid subscription. To avoid opening a can of worms as to which anti-virus is best, I'll just list several popular ones. Please note that you should only have ONE of these installed at a time, or they basically fight with each other (and exception would be Defender which cannot be uninstalled and will automatically disable itself). My disclaimer for this is that I feel most on-access AV programs perform very similarly and it's really a toss-up as to which is definitively the best. For subscription/paid software, check www.dealnews.com in the software section and every once in a while you'll find it free with a rebate. 

Free: Windows Defender (its already in Windows 8), AVG, Avast, Avira, Bitdefender, Panda, and Comodo. There are many more, but these are probably the most popular. With the exception of Defender, they all come in paid versions as well.

Paid: Norton, McAfee, Trend Micro, Kaspersky, and Webroot are amongst the most popular. Some offer different kinds of subscription and protection, but the general consumer version should suffice. 

**On-Demand:** These are the scanners you use to aggressively find and remove malware that is already ON your computer. They do not prevent it. These programs are where the real magic happens when things go south. Unlike on-access scanners, which there should be only one of, I recommend you keep several different on-demand scanners. Some programs are generally good at everything (Malwarebytes), where others only look for specific things (TDSS killer). I'll list some favorites and what they do.

Malwarebytes: Well rounded, very popular scanner. Easy to use and very effective.

Hitman Pro: Only gives you one 30-day trial, but it is an excellent all purpose scanner. There is also a "Kickstart" version which can help systems that have malware blocking you from running normal scanners.

SUPERAntiSpyware: Again, very effective all-round scanner. It does a good job at picking up those fake programs and easily removing them.

ADWCleaner: This doesn't search for "bad" virus's like the other guys, but it is SUPER effective against completely removing adware and a scan takes a few minutes at most. This is a personal favorite.

TDSS Killer: This searches for malware called "rootkits" which can be extremely bad. A scan takes about 30 seconds, but frequently gives false positives (HP software frequently gets picked up, you can tell it to "skip")

Rkill: Doesn't remove anything, but rather kills any running malware that may have been preventing other scanners from running properly. You generally want to run this first.

SFC/DISM: Sometimes, even when all the malware is removed, there is damage that may need repairing. These are built in Windows utilities that can help repair your OS after all the malware is presumably gone. Open up an elevated command prompt (on Windows 8, it's "WinKey+X" then "A". In the black box that appears, type *sfc /scannow*. This System File Checker tool will see if Windows is okay. When it's done it will say that it didn't find anything, it found stuff and repaired it, it found LOTS of stuff and you should restart and run it again, or the most common, It found corruptions, but could not repair them all. If you get this last one, you'll want to run a specific DISM command. In the same black box, type *dism /online /cleanup-image /restorehealth* and wait for it to finish. You can re-run SFC to double check it fixed everything.

Windows Refresh: If all else fails and you don't want to do a full system reset, you can do a Refresh. This keeps all your files and settings, but removed anything that wasn't originally installed on the PC (it will give you a list of what was removed). This is an excellent fix-all that has a high success rate. 

...but really, just don't click on bad stuff :P
 




 It's really about what you need. They don't even make netbooks anymore because of that. 

If you just need to browse the web and do basic word processing, Chromebooks are awesome... that's exactly what they're built for. Comparing a Chromebook to a PC is like a motorcycle compared with a car. They can both get you from point A to B, but still have very different uses. 




 I agree. Chromebook's have an excellent boot time which is a mix of very lightweight OS and hardware designed to boot fast. That being said the line of HP Streams which go on sale for $200 or less, boot in like 20-30 seconds to a FULL OS. 
That said, HDD's are WAY cheaper than SSD's, so it's no surprise that they cost more. Also, there are many value priced PC's now that have SSD's... but they are 32GB or 64GB. I'm kind of hoping that mid to low end PC's start shipping with a 500GB HDD and the ability to add an mSATA SSD, which are way cheaper than a normal 2.5" SSD. 




 Out of curiosity, why do you think MSE was great and the new Defender is rubbish? 
Defender receives all the same updates as MSE and is essentially the same program, just pre-installed and with slightly better system access. 




 As someone who works IT (both enterprise and for the uninformed masses) Windows 8 Defender is really quite good, especially when comparing to other popular free AV's. I'm not saying it's the best and I'm not saying its perfect; it's far from both. But as a pre-installed and always free/updated AV, its an excellent solution for most. 

I can't tell you how many times I see a copy of Norton that expired 3 years ago, or AVG that is constantly popping up asking to give permissions for everything (not counting TONS of false positives). 90% of people that have computers don't know what they're looking at, and that's where the true beauty of Defender comes in... almost everything is done discretely in the background, without annoying warnings or pop-ups.
Personally, I think it does a great job against more serious malware. Compared to Windows 7 and prior, I see WAY fewer rogue infections or infections that seriously disable the functionality of the computer since Windows 8 came out. It used to be there was at least one solid virus a year that infected TONS of computers... remember that FBI rogue infection and all the fake AV rogues before that? There hasn't been anything nearly as wide spread since Windows 8 with Defender launched.

Realistically however, all of the common free AV's perform so similarly that it really doesn't matter a ton. Also, you have to consider how widespread UEFI is now and how that effects things. The real magic is done with the on-demand scanners anyway :P 




 Unfortunately, I think its probably a loss. If it was a core component, those are all soldered to the motherboard, and it wouldn't be cost effective to replace. If it's just the screen, the laptop should still power up like it normally would.

Important questions... Where did you buy it and how long ago? 
That would NOT be covered under the manufacturers warranty, BUT you may be able to get away with it since its not obvious how it happened. If you wanna be super shady, you could say that you went to use Skype or something and as soon as your camera turned on *POP*. As someone that used to make warranty decisions, that would seem somewhat feasible to me, although seeing it in person may be different. 




 Double check that you didn't confuse the GPU and CPU connectors. There is no such thing as a 4-pin GPU connector, they are 6 or 8 pin. CPU power connector is a 4 or 8 pin and there is only one CPU connector on PSU's whereas there can be multiple GPU connectors. 

If you plugged a GPU connector into the CPU power port on the MOBO, that would be an issue. That being said, I don't think that it would actually fit. 




 In all fairness, its probably not the laptop causing it to run poorly. Almost all computers are running identical hardware and identical software; an Intel i3 from Dell is the same i3 from HP. 4GB of 1600Mhz RAM in a Samsung is identical to that of Asus.

The manufacturer (HP, Dell, Asus, etc.) basically figure out cool ways to shove them into smaller chassis and figure out details such as how many USB ports, keyboard and FN key layout, materials to use, etc.

I can take a $200 laptop and have an excellent experience surfing the web, typing documents, and other normal activities. I can also have a miserable experience on a $2000 gaming PC because I clicked on every ad and banner and downloaded tons of malware. Its generally the user that defines the experience, not the computer. 




 -What price range are you looking at for a production model? 

-Did you have an end use use in mind? (e.g. Cosplay, military, exo-skeleton, etc.) 

-Your website says that you view this as a connection between art and technology. what demographic do you view as a potential market for this?

-Are all the features you listed, such as the "backdoor system", currently operational and do you have videos?


Really cool stuff man! Impressive passion to pursue.
 




 Emma Watson look-a-like?! 




 The newer generations of XPS are actually really nice. They ditched the flashy gamer flair, and are now sleek, powerful and surprisingly well built. Many of them look very similar to MacBooks actually, and the new XPS 13 look amazing and doesn't feel at all cheap. 

I've always been a huge fan of Asus and I only use Asus motherboard for by personal builds, but many of their laptop, even the high end ones, are starting to feel cheap :/ 




 Xbox One is plug and play with Windows, and has been for a while. 




 Xbox One controllers just need a microUSB (phone charging) cable and Window 8.1 has the controller drivers pre-loaded :) 




 Thanks for the suggestions!

I ended up getting him some MDF, small hardwood pieces from Rockler, and a 8" tablet running full Windows 8.1 with homemade stand to run the CNC control panel so he doesn't have to leave his laptop in the basement. 




 Lol... You said Conduit :P 




 That's kind of along the line of what I'm thinking. What's a touchscreen kit though? 




 I was surprised at how well it actually worked. Even with 1080p and 5.1 surround there were no issues. The frustrating part was the dashboard/menus would be quite laggy, but considering the hardware, it was impressive.

 I do think that there are better options now, such as the little Atom processor mini-pc's for ~$100. The Pi may be $35, but after you get an SD card, cables, case, Wifi dongle, and flash drive for caching, you're hovering around $85. The mini-pc's are WAAYY better. 




 Thanks for the link! 

I should have mentioned, he's a tool and die designer/machinist by trade, and has an extensive workshop at home. He's been wanting to get a CNC for a while and finally splurged :)
 




 My dad just purchased a [Rockler 60th Anniversary Edition Shark CNC](http://www.rockler.com/rockler-60th-anniversary-edition-cnc-shark) and I was looking for some accessories to get him for Christmas or his upcoming birthday... any suggestions?!

My only current idea is to build a dust hut with some angle iron and plexiglass. Is this a good/bad idea? 




 That's a great idea! I have a Nokia Icon with built in Qi capability :)

Thanks for the idea!

 
























 I would head over to FreeNAS and check that out. A small homemade server running FreeNAS could easily meet all your criteria and would be fairly upgradeable. You'd be looking at about $600-1200 depending on how robust the hardware is.

http://www.freenas.org/
http://blog.brianmoses.net/2014/01/diy-nas-2014-edition.html
http://www.reddit.com/r/freenas
 




 WAY lower power and shorter distance, but this was demoed at CES this year and had a working model on display. Nothing in this article is ground breaking. 




 When was this? If this was at iPad launch, that may have been kind of silly, but if the article was written recently... there are TONS of full PC tablets now. Surface Pro much? 




 Also, if its 3 years old, and he games on it regularly, there's a good chance that the thermal paste is past its prime. But I agree... even removing that fan and dusting it out would be best. 




 The "remote" feature is something I used constantly with uTorrent. Any recommendations on a different client that also support a remote functionality? Thanks! 




 I think it was a great choice. It probably does everything she currently wants it to do, and a huge part of PC building is knowing when and how to upgrade, which she is perfectly setup for.
I also think people underestimate current generation "budget" CPU's. There are plenty of videos online of people playing CS:GO and other popular games on Atom tablets with onboard graphics. No, they aren't getting 400FPS, but its more than playable! 




 Why and/or how? 




 I agree with you. Depending on your router and ISP speed, wireless should be just fine. Yes, with current technology, Ethernet is fast and more reliable, but at a certain point, you're splitting hairs. Its like complaining that your FPS goes for 350 down to 175... It doesn't make a difference. 




 There's no way that court fees are going to be cheaper than $60 and he's already stated that he's sure he'll lose. Even if he DID win, suing someone is a HUGE hassle, even if small claims. I'm from the US so this may be different in AU, but from reading through the comments, it doesn't seem that different.

Yea... Sure... I would be awesome to stick it to him and force him to accept responsibility like a real human being, but sometimes its just not worth it :/ Pick your battles, win the war. 




 This.
Cracked screens (non-touch) are one of the cheapest and simplest repairs in most cases. They're generally around $60 USD and the entire procedure will take you maybe 15 minutes. You would only really need a small Philips (1,0, or 00) although a plastic pry tool (spudger, guitar pick, etc) could be useful. I would be happy to try to walk you through it if this is an option you'd be interested in. Feel free to PM me. 




 I doubt it will have as a profound impact as one might think. From my experience in corporate retail, existing business relationships can be difficult (and even expensive) to breakup, and at the end of the day, money talks. If some Lenovo business parter is still able to undercut the competition on cost, Superfish will take a heavy back seat to purchasing decisions. 

Also, the way you or I purchase technology is WAY different than a business. It's not the head IT guy that gets to pick out all the fun new toys (that would be AWESOME). Its generally a meeting with the CFO, some higher up (maybe a CEO/COO/President, etc), and the IT guy just to ask questions. The final choice is almost never up to the person who knows what Superfish is, but rather the guy in charge of financials. It may be far from the best practice, but it's definitely the most common :/

EDIT: Regardless, losing Lenovo as a partner would most certainly be a financial detriment, even if minute, to Microsoft. 




 Why am I getting downvoted?! Everything in that system could easily support a nice OC :( 




 Whats REALLY awesome, is once you get your computer setup, updated, and your favorite software installed (Java, Office, Steam, etc) use recimg command to create your OWN recovery image, so if you have to re-install, everything is already there! 




 What Microsoft did was add a universal way to access the OEM's recovery partition. Previously, you only had the option to use the OEM's software to factory reset your device which could be difficult to use or even find. MS simply added a Reset function on all Windows 8/8.1/10 devices that would access it regardless of the brand.

My speculation on why there isn't a "clean" image re-install option available is two-fold. One, I'm sure there are some legal and business reasons as to why you can't easy circumvent the built in bloatware(think of the Adblock Plus litigation). Second, driver issues could be a huge problem. The factory image already has all the needed drivers available to make everything work perfectly. Windows 8 did an AMAZING job of adding 3rd party drivers to Windows Update which makes OS re-installs much easier than previous versions of Windows, and this is mostly because of a universal network drivers built into the Windows 8 image. This solved the Catch-22 of needing internet to get drivers, but not having a driver to access the internet that Windows 7 (and earlier) had. That being said, if a certain NIC didn't work correctly with the universal driver for some reason, the average consumer would be SOL of getting their device up and running again.

Just my two cents! 




 I misunderstood, sorry!

Even with this however, MS still cares heavily about their OEM partners. There are only about 7 main PC manufacturers: Dell, HP, Asus, Acer/Gateway, Samsung, Toshiba, and Lenovo. Even if Lenovo doesn't account for 1/7th of all Windows PC sales, it's still a HUGE chunk. You can argue that the demand will still stay the same regardless of how many PC manufacturers there are, but having more (especially a company that has a heavy following in the enterprise market..."Thinkpad") can only really help business.

(I'll presumptively add that I know there are a TON more PC manufacturers)  




 Nothing extra installed. It's basically a clean version of Windows with some of the manufacturers "good" software still on it, such as programs that actually serve a purpose like recovery programs. Other things like default startup programs are reduced to a minimum from what I've noticed, and I'm sure there are other small things.

http://www.microsoftstore.com/store?SiteID=msusa Locale=en_US Action=ContentTheme pbPage=MicrosoftSignature ThemeID=33363200   




 Lol, I have to :P 




 Oh, I completely agree. Just saying doctors do have info on there devices. 




 Yep, that what "Signature Edition" means. 




 Unfortunately, the Reset function generally uses the onboard recovery partition which has all the bloatware pre-imaged. A Reset simply takes it back to it's initial out-of-box state which includes the bloatware.

This isn't true 100% of the time, but its generally what happens :/ 




 They care a lot. The average consumer isn't going to consider what Lenovo, HP, or Dell installed as "extras", they just chalk it up to a bad experience with Windows. When the main competition on the consumer end is Apple (who obviously doesn't install bloatware), Microsoft doesn't want to look bad just because someone else messed up their perfectly good OS. 

All the PC's sold in a Microsoft Store are "Signature Edition", meaning they are a very clean and optimized OS. If you actually look at the boxes, many have a signature edition sticker over the manufacturer seal, because they were already opened and re-imaged with the "clean" OS.

Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft. 




 As someone who works in IT, and occasionally with healthcare organizations, you would be very surprised. Many of them have full access to patient info on their personal laptop and apparently some even require it now (this is all hearsay through the doctors I've worked with.)

That being said, there is ludicrous security to access it. The one's I've seen use a secure Citrix logon, and once logged in their, the hospital has ANOTHER verification procedure that calls their personal cellphone with a unique code that is only good for like 30 seconds or something. I've had to troubleshoot some of these systems and the whole process takes like 5-10 minutes. 




 Although I don't disagree with most of your points, it definitely saves room on the board. You look at the new budget computers that have the processor, RAM, and mmcSSD all soldered and the whole thing is the size of an index card... crazy! Specifically, I've seen 8GB of RAM soldered on a Lenovo board that took up about .75"x1.5" of space on the PCB; any single or double riser DIMM slots are going to be substantially larger.

Think of a tablet. No one has any real expectation of replacing internal components, but after all, it is still a computer. When you try to make laptops as thin as a tablet, the smallest things really add up. That being said, there are many manufacturers and models that are fairly small and have replaceable components, although almost all Pentium, Celeron, and Atom processors are now soldered on the board.  




 This used to be MUCH more prevalent than it is today. Apple has been getting more competitive with pricing. Nowadays, it seems like its easier to compare extra features that the same price PC has over a similar Mac. For example, if we compare a MacBook Air (i5, 4GB, 128GB) to the comparable Surface Pro 3 w/keyboard. The Surface w/keyboard is only $30 more, but gets you a touchscreen, a digitizer, tablet format, faster processor, etc.  




 A main reason that new PC's die "faster" is due to large hard drive capacities. I'm guessing your Dell from 8 years ago have an hard drive between 40GB and 120GB. Now, even the cheapest laptops are shipping with 500GB hard drives, that are the same physical size at their 40GB counterparts. Internally, that means extra platters and/or increased data density on the disk. The increased data density and more, smaller moving parts = more hard drive failures. Given that hard drives are the single most common hardware failure, most newer laptops will die due to a larger capacity hard drive than the older, smaller models.

As for the screen resolution, my guess would be that the masses didn't understand what resolution really was or meant in a screen. There are three big advantages to this. One, lower resolution means better performance with the same hardware. Two, They started doing this right when HD (720/768 and 1080) TV's started to become popular. "High Definition" and "1080p" became a popular buzz work and someone is more likely to purchase and HD(768p) and Full HD(1080p) than some random numbers. Lastly, its way cheaper! Resolution and panel type contribute more to cost than physical size. So putting a 1366x768 TN display versus the previous 1920x1200 is substantially cheaper, improves 'performance', and is more in line which what consumers knew. 

There are many high end laptops now with QHD (2560x1440), UHD/4K screens now, and almost all but budget laptops come with 1080 screens.
 




 Bluetooth mouse.

Add the tracking setup beneath the camera, pop on a case with Teflon feet, open up the "mouse app", and you're good to go! Volume keys could be used as forward and back keys, and the screen could support multiple profiles with customizable buttons. You could even scroll and receive haptic feedback. 




 This is sadly true. It makes me so mad. 




 Are you overclocking that thing at all?! The potential in that system is awesome. 




 They were/are the unicorns of rigs! They are as amazing and appreciable as a gaming rig, but just different enough and rare enough to cause intrigue.

  




 Yep! It goes into an empty PCI slot. Most motherboards have at least one and it's were soundcards, Ethernet/wifi adapters, and other accessories would go.

The reason why this is even prevalent is because the bottleneck speed in most SSDs isn't in the read/write of the drive itself, but the actual transfer of the data. PCI has a substantially higher transfer speed than SATA, making it ideal. The biggest downside to this is the possible effect on GPU performance under load. With the exception of the new Intel X99 chipset, all the PCI "lanes" were connected, so if you had a graphics card plugged in and a PCI SSD plugged in, the graphics cards throughput goes from x16 to x8. X99 can now run multiple PCI at full x16 speed, which is awesome for Crossfire and SLI setups. 




 Try these :)
http://www.sandisk.com/enterprise/ulltradimm-ssd/ 




 It was probably the wind. It like to build little snow walls next to everything. 
























